{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15100533", "title": "Thiruvananthapuram residents to protest delay in road development", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Irked by the inordinate delay in the widening of the Karamana-Kaliyikkavila national highway stretch, the Federation of Residents' Associations, Thiruvananthapuram (FRAT) is planning to launch another round of mass agitation.The land acquisition procedure for the 29-km stretch came to a standstill almost a year ago when the boundary stone laying works reached Vazhimukku, 12km from the Karamana junction.Though the state government had issued instructions to the public works department (PWD) for realignment of bus bays and junctions, following objections raised by certain shop and property owners, PWD is yet to come out with the revised alignment.The federation leaders say that certain vested interests are forcing the government to go slow on the development of the Karamana-Kaliyikkavila stretch, one of the busiest and congested highway stretch in the state capital.\"Despite several assurances, the state government has failed to complete basic procedures for land acquisition. It has not even given the final shape to the compensation package for those who lose land and other properties. FRAT will holding a vehicle rally from Kaliyikkavila to Karamana on July 24 in a bid to muster more public support for their campaign,\" said FRAT general secretary Paraniyam Devakumar.The National Highway Authority of India had originally mooted the development of the stretch into a 45-meter wide, six-lane road. But the former LDF government, in consultation with civil organizations, traders and political parties, decided to reduce it to a 30.2-meter wide, four-lane road.\"More than six months ago, chief minister Oommen Chandy had given instructions to the departments concerned to speed up the land acquisition process and convert many of the proposed bus bays into 'type two', instead of the proposed 'type one' bus bays. However, the realignment is yet to take place,\" said Karamana-Kaliyikkavila road development action council secretary Sam Kunju.According to government figures, 389 shops and 127 houses will have to be completely razed for the road development and the number of shops and houses that would be partially affected would be 523 and 203 respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15100307", "title": "Sloppy Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation driver claims life", "text": "BANGALORE: In the sixth accident of its kind in a year, a 57-year-old woman commuter was run over by a bus in BMTC's Kempe Gowda bus station on Sunday morning.The woman came under the front wheels of the bus from which she had alighted only minutes earlier, traffic police said. But BMTC said she was run over by another bus when she tripped while crossing the road.Traffic police blamed the death on rank indiscipline among BMTC drivers. They said the accident would never have happened had the driver of the bus from which the woman had alighted parked his vehicle at the designated bay instead of stopping it at the terminal entrance.Saraswathi Chellaiah, a resident of Hanumanthnagar, was on her way to Malleswaram to attend a satsang (religious ceremony). She took a bus to Majestic station en route to her destination.Around 8am, the bus stopped at the terminal entrance and not at the designated bay, forcing Saraswathi and other commuters to get down and walk on the road meant for buses.Saraswathi had taken only a couple of steps towards the bay from where she had to board her next bus when the vehicle from she had alighted hit her and ran over her legs. She was rushed to Victoria Hospital, where she succumbed to injuries.Upparpet traffic police have taken bus driver Nagaraju into custody. The BMTC has announced Rs 15,000 compensation to Saraswathi's next of kin.Saraswathi is survived by two sons. Saraswathi had pledged both her eyes for donation, and they have been harvested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15098472", "title": "Medical Council of India to appeal in HC against order on seats", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Medical Council of India (MCI) has decided to move a division bench of the AP high court against its earlier single-judge order to sanction additional seats to two government medical colleges in Telangana. If sources are to be believed, the apex medical body would file a writ petition in the court on Monday.While the MCI rejected the state government's proposal to sanction 50 additional seats each to Osmania Medical College, Gandhi Medical College and Kakatiya Medical College, the HC had on July 13 directed the apex body of medical education to sanction 50 additional seats each to Osmania and Kakatiya medical colleges within two days.However, the MCI says that the HC order is in conflict with the Supreme Court guidelines according to which the seat sanctioning process was to be completed by July 15. And as per the schedule to be followed for each academic year, classes must start on August 1. Earlier, seeking clarification of the SC on this issue was one of the options before the MCI, but the authorities chose the legal wrangle.\"When the SC guidelines are clear, there is no need of seeking further clarification. If we follow the high court order, it would mean defying the SC guidelines and that would lead to contempt of court. So we are moving a division bench,\" said a highly placed source in the MCI.\"If they are questioning the HC order, we are also ready to face them in court. It's a question of protecting the interest of prospective students and we will not backtrack on that,\" K Ratna Kishore, principal secretary of health, said.However, the TRS is blaming the government for Telangana getting the raw deal. The party is questioning its failure to move the Supreme Court after the MCI's non-compliance with the HC order. \"The developments are indicative of the discriminative attitude of the government towards T,\" said B Vinod Kumar, a former MP and politburo member of TRS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15100016", "title": "Inspection triggers power struggle between agencies", "text": "KOCHI: The continuing raids on restaurants across the state have triggered a power struggle between two agencies.The raids conducted by the local bodies have angered the commissionerate of food safety, which maintained that it was the only agency empowered to conduct the inspection.The raids were necessitated following an incident of food poisoning in Thiruvananthapuram, which claimed the life of a youth. Following the incident, the authorities, including local civic bodies, have been conducting raids on restaurants. Several eateries were closed down after they were found offering stale food.With the authorities seemingly competing with each other in conducting raids, food safety officials, citing the implementation of the Food Safety and Standard Act(FSSA), 2006, claimed that the local bodies were stripped off powers to seize stale food and order restaurants to shut shop. The officials claimed that only they have power to ensure hygiene and good sanitary conditions in hotels and restaurants.\"Even as the local bodies were deprived of their power to seize food from hotels with the implementation of the Food Safety and Standard Act, many local bodies have violated this in the recent days and seized samples. We can't reach the conclusion that food items kept in freezers are stale without proper examination,\" said Biju Prabhakar, food safety commissioner.He added that while collecting samples from hotels, off1icials were required to follow certain guidelines. Several hoteliers had complained that officials from local bodies were collecting samples without following the stipulated norms.Differing with the food safety commissioner, T K Devarajan, chairman of the Maradu municipality claimed that the Kerala Municipality Act, 1994, empowered them to raid hotels and even issue closure orders, if necessary. \"We raided hotels and fined them for serving stale food as the Municipality Act permit us to do so,\" he said. The Maradu municipality had conducted raids on several hotels, including up market ones.\"The provisions in the Municipality Act enable us to impose fine and take action on hotels for serving stale or adulterated food,\" said Dr D Sreekumar, health officer of the Thiruvananthapuram corporation.The raids conducted by the local bodies have angered the commissionerate of food safety, which maintained that it was the only agency empowered to conduct the inspection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098277", "title": "\u2018More than 20 trees hacked at Haji Ali for hoarding\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 20 trees have been hacked on the footpath opposite the Haji Ali juice centre to ensure that a huge sandwich hoarding perched on a unipole gets a clear view, activists say. Many Barringtonia and rain trees were hacked to pave way for the hoarding.\"Truckloads of wood have been removed. The BMC should check if permission had been granted to hack the trees. The rain trees were stripped of their leaves. Hoarding owners get away with just show-cause notices and no other action is taken,\" said Anahita Pandole, who has campaigned for years against hoardings that deface Mumbai's skyline.In June, two rain trees were hacked to pave way for an 80-ft hoarding at Haji Ali. Illegal hoardings in the city are in violation of Section 308 and Section 31-A of the Mumbai Municipal Act (MMA), Maharashtra Tree Preservation Act (1975) and the Motor Vehicles Act, activists say.Vijay Hire, deputy superintendent of gardens (city), said, \"I will ask my officials to look into the issue. Under the Maharashtra Tree Preservation Act, a show-cause notice is given, panchnama conducted and an FIR lodged in such cases. If proved guilty, the hoarding owner will be produced in court and put behind bars. Police action will be taken against them as per the law. If caught red-handed, culprits will be imprisoned for a week and fined Rs 1,000 per tree.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15099781", "title": "119 pension applications disposed of", "text": "MANGALORE: Palakkad division released Rs 96,572 while disposing of 119 of 148 applications received for redressal at the mid-term Pension Adalat-2012 held at the Railway Institute, Palakkad, recently. N Govindan, the senior divisional personnel officer, Palakkad, inaugurated the adalat. As per the existing rules, the claim of 22 applicants could not be considered and they are not eligible for redressal.Seven cases are under examination and that will be sympathetically considered. Representatives of various pensioners' associations participated in the mid-term adalat.Mohammed Fazil, senior divisional finance manager, G Janardhanan, and Karthikeyan, assistant personnel officers, and a team of section officers and welfare inspectors were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15099968", "title": "Saturday showers return smiles on faces of people", "text": "INDORE: After an elongated pause, it showered heavily in some parts of the city on Saturday giving much respite to the people, who were fed up with the rising humidity level. According to the met department officials, it might rain mildly or heavily in some parts of the city in the next 24 hours.\"The monsoon has kept us waiting a lot and after so many days, it poured heavily. And the first thing I did was getting drenched in the rain, which was a great relief from the scorching heat,\" says Sneha Linjara, a fashion designing student.Due to the late arrival of monsoon, people were upset as they had been waiting for the entire month and their expectations were doomed.The director of meteorological department of Bhopal circle, DP Dubey, said \"The system, which is active over the Orissa coast, has developed some movement for the monsoon to reach eastern and western regions of the state. Previously, the system developed over the state was so weak to bring heavy rains, but scattered rainfall is expected within the next 48 hours at several places due to activities going on in the Arabian Sea and Bay of Bengal.\"Dubey said that as compared with the last year's data on rainfall, there has been a huge difference, as last year's data shows plus 41% and this year, it rained minus 26%. \"It is expected that in August, it will rain heavily, as the low pressure area has entered the eastern parts of Madhya Pradesh and will further move to western region,\" he said.The delay in monsoon has sent shockwaves among the farmers in the state, which mainly depends on the rainfall for irrigation, as the scanty rainfall is certainly to hit the farm sector this year resulting in hike in the prices of essential commodities.On Saturday night, the city received 5.3 mm of rain and the same climatic condition will continue for the next three to four days. The monsoon spell has revived the outing plans of the people, who swiftly charted out trips to nearby picnic spots like Choral, Tincha Fall, Patalpani and Regional Park.Mohit Sancheti, a city resident, said that he and his family went for an outing late at night soon after the rain started. \"I was eagerly waiting for the monsoon to arrive as this is my favourite season. As soon as the rain started on Saturday, my whole family went out late in the night to enjoy the showers and even on Sunday, I enjoyed the outing, eating bhuttas and bhajiyas on the Sanwer Road along with my friends.\"Chetan Kanungo, a resident of Radio Colony, says, \"The moment it started raining in the afternoon, the peacocks from the zoo came outside and started dancing. It was a nice treat to our eyes as my house is very close to the zoo. Even when I logged into my facebook account, I saw that everyone's wall was flooded with the status and pictures of rainfall, which showed that it was a big respite for everyone. This rainfall has given a big relief from the sweltering heat and humidity. I hope the weather will continue to be pleasant.\"\"I and my husband went to Choral to enjoy the weekend and thanks to the monsoon, which made the weather quite pleasant,\" says Sheetal Kanadia, a housewife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "muzaffarnagar", "code": "15104741", "title": "Uttarakhand IAS officer looted", "text": "MUZAFFARNAGAR: An Uttarakhand IAS officer, Subhash Chand, was robbed near Jansath bypass on the Delhi-Dehradun highway, police said on Monday.Two car-borne robbers intercepted Chand's car and looted ornaments, mobile phones and cash as he was returning with his family from Delhi to Dehradun\", Muzaffarnagar SP Rajkamal said.A case has been registered, he said, adding that no arrest has so far been made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15105904", "title": "After Infy, TCS, Cognizant in fray to buy Lodestone", "text": "TCS and Cognizant have joined Infosys in the race to take over Swiss firm Lodestone Management Consultants, a management and technology consulting firm.Source close to the development have verified that the three IT giants have reverted to the invitations to the bids sent by the Zurich-based company. With this move, the three have begun competing to acquire a company for the first time.The three companies seek Lodestone's consulting portfolio as it would give them an edge over others in rendering higher-value services. An expert has said large IT solution providers from India are behind multinational companies like IBM and Accenture when it comes to higher-value service offerings like consulting. He said that the takeover would surely fetch higher billing rates to the company.However, the Indian companies would have to make an effort to raise the profit levels of Lodestone, since its operating margin is in the range of low double digits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15100679", "title": "Adopt a village to earn a college degree", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With community service being made mandatory in government colleges from the session 2012-2013, it would ensure all round development of students. The number of hours put in 'community outreach programme' by students would be recorded by their teachers from this session onwards.They would be required to do some form of community service. These programmes include adopting surrounding villages and rural areas in city, creating awareness among schoolchildren about brushing teeth and personal hygiene to conducting cleanliness drives in insanitary areas. Taking into account the marks allocated for community related activities to students seeking admission in top-notch B-schools, universities and other higher educational institutions, besides foreign colleges, this decision was taken at a meeting of the director, higher education (DHE) and government college principals recently.\"Community service has now become an integral part of college teaching. Teachers will be maintaining a record book to account for the number of hours each student puts in community service,\" says Mani Bedi, principal, Post Graduate Government College for Girls, Sector 42.At the end of three years of graduation, the hours of community service logged in by students would be accounted for and they would be awarded certificates for it.\"Youngsters have a tremendous ability to influence people around them. We would be encouraging students to create awareness on drug de-addiction, environmental issues and traffic concerns among their peers and public,\" says Gurjit Kaur, officiating principal of Post Graduate Government College, Sector 46.College officials also cite it as an opportunity for youngsters to come out of their comfort zone. \"In the current scenario, most families are nuclear, where youngsters get all comforts. They don't value several benefits that they get and by contributing to society, a new horizon will open up for them. Serving and educating others will give them confidence as well,\" says Manjit Brar, principal, Government College for Management and Business Administration, Sector 42.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15099083", "title": "Water level in reservoirs in Gondia alarming", "text": "GONDIA: While low rainfall in Gondia district has been a major worry for cultivators, depleting storage in the main reservoirs is cause of equal concern for every body, as it could pose a serious drinking water problem next summer.In Gondia district, which is commonly known as district of tanks, overall water storage is unsatisfactory but the situation of two main reservoirs - Kalisarad and Pujaritola - is quite alarming. Water storage in these two reservoirs is nearing zero.Percentage of water at Itiyadoh reservoir is 35.80, at Shirpur 31.80%, Pujaritola 0.7%, Kalisarad 0% and Sanjay Sarovar 6.12%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15098703", "title": "Man seeks DNA test of wife, son for paternity proof", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man has moved a trial court for the DNA test of his wife and child to determine the paternity of the child.Filing his plea before the court of additional district judge Reena Singh Nag, the man said he was \"shocked\" to hear about the pregnancy of his wife as she did not live with him even for a single day for nine months before that and so he could not have fathered the child.The court moved court after the wife had claimed the child to be his and refused to get the DNA test done. Stating that his wife's conduct amounted to \"cruelty\", the man has also sought divorce from her. He also claimed that his wife's refusal to undergo the DNA examination further lent credence to the suspicion that she had been involved in an adulterous relationship.\"It is prayed that this court, in order to ascertain the paternity of the child as well as to come to the finding that the respondent's (wife ) conduct was cruel to the petitioner (man) and also indicative of an adulterous life style of the respondent, it is imperative that the direction be given to the respondent and the minor child to present themselves at the forensic medicines and toxicology department of All India Institute of Medical Science and the petitioner be present at the said time for conducting the DNA test,\" said the man while offering to bear the cost of the test.He has also sought the direction from the court to have the test results submitted within six weeks of its order. The court has fixed July 23 for pronouncing the order.In his petition, the man cited various Supreme Court's judgments stating that that the matrimonial court had the power to direct medical examination to ascertain the truth. \"The present application is being made bona fide and in the interests of justice and in case the prayer as sought for is not granted by this court, then in that event the petitioner shall suffer irreparable loss and injury and the petitioner will not be able to prove the cruel conduct of the wife,\" the petition stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15100170", "title": "Women who flirt at work more likeable, less trusted", "text": "LONDON: So you thought indulging in a bit of flirting at work was harmless? Think again! According to a new study, flirting at work can help women get ahead, but colleagues distrust them and see them as \"less genuine\".Researchers from University of California , Berkeley found that although feminine charm can help women seem more likeable, they are perceived as less authentic and genuine when they flirt in the workplace. The distrust built up among colleagues could prove to be damaging in the long run, researchers told the Daily Mail.The research involved 77 students, 51 women and 26 men watching videos of corporate negotiators, one of whom was a woman who touched her hair and made flirtatious gestures. She was rated as much more likeable than a male negotiator, but student volunteers also said she was less trustworthy.\"We begin by exploring the lay belief that women can use flirtation to their advantage in professional contexts and contrast it with trained negotiators' negative views on flirtation,\" professor Laura Kray, of University California-Berkeley , said.\"We discovered both an upside and a downside to flirting . Although flirtation appears to be positively related to women's likability, negotiators who flirted were judged to be less authentic\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15100569", "title": "Hotels turn to Thiruvananthapuram outskirts for dumping waste", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: With the city corporation sprucing up its vigil against waste dumping at public places in the city, people in the outlying towns of the capital are now facing the brunt of waste from the hotels.Some of the major hotels in the city are now turning to vacant spots on the suburbs to dispose the waste at night.The practice of disposing waste in this way is worrying the corporation health squad as the officials say, they are completely helpless especially in small towns like Vattapara, Venjaramoodu and Balaramapuram. \"Often at night we encounter the vehicles loaded with food waste. When we ask them they say that it is being transported to their residential premises for dumping. Although they do not sound convincing, we have to let them go since we can only act if they dump the waste within the city limits,\" a corporation health official said.Two days back, local people of Venjaramoodu along with the ward member caught a couple of hotel employees while trying to dump the waste from a hotel in the city. The locals identified the name of the hotel from the bills and also from the uniform of one of the men carrying the waste.A ward member also said that the unemployed youth in the area were often assigned the task of transporting the waste and disposing it secretly. \"In return the hoteliers give them money and liquor. All they have to do is to find a secure spot and dump the waste without being noticed by the locals. Since the panchayat does not have a special squad to act against this, there is nothing we can do,\" said a ward member.Meanwhile, the rural police is gearing up for stringent action against waste dumping in rural areas. Venjaramoodu police has already registered cases against the youth who were caught red-handed while dumping waste two days ago.\"The police can take action against such people on charges of disposing waste in public and maligning the atmosphere in such a manner that can spread diseases. The police will take strict action against anyone who is caught dumping waste in rural areas,\" said a police official of Venjaramoodu police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15100320", "title": "Guards kill boss with dumb-bells", "text": "BANGALORE: A security agency supervisor was murdered by two subordinates, who suspected that he'd got them transferred. The guards bludgeoned their boss with dumbbells before slitting his throat on Saturday night.Deepanshu Mog (30), from Tripura, was a supervisor with G4U security services at Concrete India Limited, Outer Ring Road, Marathahalli. Kamakya Burman and Amalesh Burman, both from Assam, worked as guards under Mog for over five years. The trio had taken a flat on rent in Mathew John apartments, Chinnappahalli.When Kamakya and Amalesh were transferred to a different unit recently, they suspected Mog was behind it. The new guard, Rakesh Gora, started living with them since last week. On Saturday, the Burmans took money from Gora for lunch and went out. They returned around 11pm and confronted Mog. The arguments turned nasty. Kamakya and Amalesh locked up Gora in a room and started assaulting Mog with dumb-bells . They hit him on the head and slit his throat before fleeing.Gora managed to escape from the window and subsequently alerted police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bidyanagar (south 24-parganas)", "code": "15100418", "title": "Addas over cha and muri", "text": "BIDYANAGAR (SOUTH 24-PARGANAS): President Pranab Mukherjee would now be spending the life of a retired college teacher, in a house that he would have built on a two cottah plot of land, had it not been for a chance call to deliver a political lecture in 1968.It might sound ironical, but Mukherjee strove to keep party politics outside the gates of Bidyanagar College, where he joined as a teacher of political science in 1963. He taught for five years before entering politics full time. But 44 years after moving out of the college, it remains close to his heart, so much so that he keeps almost a daily tab on its progress through his former colleagues.It is a coincidence that only a week after Mukherjee goes to Raisina Hill, his college would turn 50. Mukherjee has been helping out in the college expansion for the past year. A phone call to him is all that's needed, say the college authorities.Before joining Bidyanagar College, Pranab managed the library of the Bharat Sabha Hall at College Street. This is where he became close to Harendranath Majumdar, who later became a minister in the Bangla Congress regime. Majumdar was also President of the governing body of Bidyanagar College and got Pranab the job of a political science lecturer.And when Majumdar contested the elections from Hasnabad, he asked Pranab to take leave from the college and campaign for him. Mukherjee didn't go back to teaching again. He soon became a favourite of chief minister Ajoy Mukherjee of the Bangla Congress, who made him an MP and sent him to Delhi.His debates on bank nationalisation and zamindari system impressed Indira Gandhi . And the rest is history.\"Pranab da was extremely talented. He could rivet the students' attention with his lectures. He worked through the night to prepare notes to distribute among students. Pranab da was passionate about teaching and we never thought that he would ever give it up. But he is no ordinary genius and that has been proved over and over again,\" said Kartick Adhikari, Pranab's former colleague who taught economics.A fun-loving person, Mukherjee would spend hours at tea stall addas munching muri with aam tel. Since he would commute from Howrah's Shibpur, he often stayed back in the college staff quarters. \"On such occasions, he would insist that peon Bishu cook moong dal and posto for him,\" remembers Pradyut Mondal, who also taught political science and was two years junior to Mukherjee. Mondal specialized in Marxism and Gandhi while Mukherjee taught international relations and Indian politics.Those days the campus was on a low-lying field infested with snakes. \"Pranab da, would sleep on a chowki that was placed above two tiers of chowkis for fear of snakes,\" Mondal remembers.Both Adhikari and Mondal talk to Mukherjee almost daily at 8.35am. \"That is when he comes out of his puja room after chandipaath and feels happy and contented. This is a practice he followed even when he was in college here,\" they said. They are privy to Pranab's personal mobile number, which is a rarity.In the past, he has often sent funds for setting up new buildings or improving facilities in the college. This time, for the golden jubilee celebrations, Adhikary, who is also the president of the college governing body, has requested a grant of Rs 10 crore for expansion which will help start a few science departments. The UGC inspection is over and funds should be forthcoming.The two colleagues prayed on the morning of voting day so that their \"living Chanakya\" wins the race and becomes President. \"It is good that finally all the opposition he faced at home (Bengal) has been put to rest. Those who criticise him should realise that he is an astute politician of the intellectual kind and should not be mistaken as a mass leader. His is a different genre that will make him the next President. To us however, he will remain our dear Pranab da,\" Mondal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15100938", "title": "Italian fare adds to filmi treat", "text": "LUDHIANA: The FilmYI Club of young industrialists and professionals of the city went down \"36 Chowringhee Lane\" to feel what Violet Stoneham, the protagonist, goes through as she lives alone in her flat with her tom cat, this Sunday.This month's screening was hosted at Ferozepur Road-based hotel by club member and owner of the hotel Javed Grewal, 28, a resident of Arti Chowk. Grewal said, \"This 1981 movie, penned and directed by Aparna Sen and produced by Shashi Kapoor , is in interesting tale relevant to the present times.Hosting the movie and the post-screening discussion was worth every moment.\" \"The movie may be a bit slow for some, but it interestingly narrates the lonely life of a woman and the contrast in the feelings of young and old,\" said South City resident and director of Akal Springs Sifti Riat, 25. She came along for the screening with elder sister Sandeep Riat, chairperson of CII Ludhiana zonal council and MD of Akal Springs Limited. Ashish Ahuja and Mini, a renowned doctor couple from the city, said they could relate with the predicament of Violet Stoneham on World Parents' Day (July 22).Director of Vidhata Group of Industries and South City resident Amit Juneja, 30, attended the screening with wife Charu, 26. He said, \"It was great to realize the individual perspectives every one had about this beautiful work of cinema during the discussion we had after screening.\"'After film, food was icing on cake'City's FilmYI Club panned the camera towards the 1981 classic \"36 Chowringhee Lane\" on Sunday, making the weekend truly special. After a special screening of the Aparna Sen film at Javed Grewal's hotel on Ferozepur Road, the young movie buffs enjoyed an Italian food tasting session enriched by sumptuous pizzas and pastas cooked in white and red sauces by renowned chef Pita Grewal.Pita has sharpened her cooking skills from the world famous institute Cordon Bleu, USA.MD of Hero Echotech Limited Gaurav Munjal, 35, who resides in Sarabha Nagar said, \"After the wonderful movie, the Italian food became an icing on the cake. It was, indeed, a great Sunday for a movie with friends and a delicious Italian treat.\" Munjal attended the screening with wife Samita.Advocate Damanbir Sobti, 30, who resident at Sukhmani Enclave, said, \"Today's screening was great fun, but my wife missed it as she could not make it today.\"\"I would love to be a part of all activities of this club in future as it was great fun meeting so many interesting people over such an interesting movie,\" said co-owner of SK Knits and BRS Nagar resident Abhishek Gupta, 25, who came along with friend and MD of Vikrant Fasteners Prateek Sharma, 31.Executive member of Young Indians \u2014 Ludhiana chapter and Sector 32, Jamalpur resident Dheeraj Datta, 30, said apart from the movie, what he liked most on Sunday was the almond cake dipped in almond syrup and brownies in warm chocolate sauce with ice cream.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15100429", "title": "Kanpur Municipal Corporation fails to conduct fogging", "text": "KANPUR: The rainy season is the time for spurt in the vector-borne diseases. Fogging is yet to be launched by Kanpur Municipal Corporation.The claims of the civic body of launching fogging drives from the pre-monsoon season to its offset seem to be a mere eyewash. Residents of many localities said that they have not seen fogging machines in their area. The KMC workers allegedly conduct fogging in selected posh localities and VIP areas.Very little has been done in the name of pre-monsoon preparedness this year.\"The fogging drives and assurances always remain confined to papers and rarely translated into action. The risk of vector-borne diseases remains there,\" said Sailesh, a resident of Kidwai Nagar.Saurabh, a resident of Jajmau, said that the KMC officials need a loud alarm to awake from slumber. \"Last year there were about a dozen cases of malaria and other vector-borne diseases in my area. Yet the civic authorities had failed to learn a lesson. Monsoon has started but not a single health official has checked the area,\" he lamented.No pre-monsoon fogging was done in the low-lying areas like slums in Kacchi Madhaiya in Govind Nagar and in Machariya at Yashoda Nagar. There was no fogging in Shyam Nagar, Yashoda Nagar and Lal Bangla. All these area are the breeding ground for mosquitoes.Additional chief medical officer (vector-borne diseases) said: \"The changed weather conditions with mercury hovering between 25 and 30 degrees Celsius and high humidity (above 70%) are considered ideal for the growth of mosquitoes and the region is already witnessing that situation these days.\" Malaria, dengue and filaria usually spread in such conditions. The authorities should intensify fogging and anti-larval measures in the city.KMC official Rajiv Shukla said that fogging could not be done as 'arsenate' (the fogging liquid) would not spread in the air. When his attention was drawn to the allegations that no pre-monsoon fogging has been done in various areas, he denied it and said that proper fogging drives were conducted before the arrival of monsoon.According to healh department officials, fogging should be done in the long wet spells to curb the breeding of mosquitoes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15099127", "title": "Woman dies after having cold drink in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A woman labourer, Sushila Patel, 27, died after consuming a bottle of cold drink at Gandhinagar. The incident took place close to a construction site in Sector 21.On Saturday, after completing their work, some of the labourers consumed cold drinks and started having vomiting fits. They were rushed to the Gandhinagar Civil Hospital where they were treated for food poisoning and later discharged from there.However, Sushila did not wake up in the morning. Her family members rushed her to a hospital where the medicos declared her brought dead. A complaint was then registered at the Sector 21 police station. Her postmortem was conducted by a panel of doctors and the six empty bottles of cold drinks were sent to the FSL for forensic examination.\"We have registered a complaint of accidental death in this case. Possibilities of foul play cannot be ruled out,\" said Gandhinagar police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15100591", "title": "Maruti unrest: Meeting to decide union's future", "text": "GURGAON: The top management of Maruti Suzuki India Ltd will meet the Haryana government on Monday to discuss the future of the newly formed workers' union of the violence hit Manesar plant.A senior Maruti official said the need and validity of the new union, formed after the workers' strike last year, will also be discussed in the meeting. \"There is no doubt about the involvement of the union members in orchestrating the attack on the management officials on Wednesday evening, and it's important to give a thought about the union's validity ,\" said the official.On Wednesday, plant workers had attacked management officials, leaving a senior manager dead and about 100 officials injured.The management will submit the entire correspondence they had with the workers' union since its inception. \"The decision to de-recognize the union will be taken only after getting concurrence of the Haryana labour department. It is up to the state government to take the final call,\" said the official.The management is also likely to meet chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda to decide the next course of action at the plant where a lockout has been declared since Saturday.The special investigation team formed to probe the July 18 incident is also keeping an eye on the top functionaries of the workers' union.After resolving the last year's union strike, the Maruti management had conceded to the demand of forming the new workers' union that got the approval of the state labour department this March.Earlier, the company management had drawn flak from the labour department for violating the agreement it had signed with the workers' union about the formation of two committees, labour welfare and grievance redressal, at the Manesar plant.Senior management officials claimed the office bearers of the new union, Maruti Suzuki Workers' Union, were inexperienced and did not know the art of negotiation. \"The new union members were brash and an impatient lot. But we had never imagined that they could plan such a brutal attack on the management officials and set offices on fire,\" said a senior management official.On Wednesday, too, the main union members had heated arguments with the management team during negotiation. \"The workers in the conference room started abusing the officials and turned violent , leaving the executives stunned,\" said an official who was part of the negotiation team.\"The questioning of top union functionaries will reveal the planning of the Wednesday attack,\" said another official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15099766", "title": "Agro-cattle varsity to be set up in Kishanganj", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar on Saturday announced that an Agriculture cum Cattle University with all modern facilities would be set up at Pothia in Kishanganj district. He said in this university modern research institutions would be also opened for development of agriculture and animal husbandry.The CM was addressing a high-level meeting over the proposed university at his official residence.It may be mentioned here that during his Seva Yatra to Kishanganj on June 9, Nitish had inspected 400 acres of land in Pothia block and directed the officials of Bihar Agricultural University, Sabour, for setting up an Agriculture cum Cattle University there.The vice-chancellor of Bihar Agricultural University, Sabour, Mewalal Choudhary, told the CM that the land and water around the said place was tested and found suitable for agriculture. The land around the area is also suitable for flowers, vegetables, nursery and spices, the VC said.The state government has proposed to spend Rs 718 crore over five years for setting up the new university.Nitish also stressed the need for development of cattle, pisciculture and poultry in the said locality and directed the officials to make suitable arrangements to start such courses in the proposed university that successful students could get composite graduate degree in agriculture cum cattle.He also laid stress on the development of sericulture in the said area and said that his aim was to increase the income of people through industries based on agriculture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15099959", "title": "An interface to plan your trips", "text": "BANGALORE: Henceforth, you have a 'friend' to guide you as you commute across the city. An interactive interface 'Maargamitra' (a friend on your path), which helps to plan your trip before you step out of home, will be launched on Monday.The multi-modal interface is designed and operated by the civil engineering department of Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore. It promises to provide you with the best available information: a combination of walking, travelling, waiting and transfer time. Also, the estimated fare and the number of transfers involved will be available at a click .At present, the planner covers Big-10 , Vayu Vajra, Vajra, and Metro Reach-1 services. It will be updated with other bus routes and new public transport modes as and when introduced.\"A person might not like to wait at terminals and may prefer a route where the waiting time is less or minimum. Some might prefer direct routes to those with transfers, even when the direct route involves higher in-vehicle travel time,\" said Ashish Verma, assistant professor, department of civil engineering, IISc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "15102182", "title": "J&K; govt identifies land for IIMC in Jammu", "text": "JAMMU: Jammu and Kashmir government on Sunday identified land for establishing a branch of the Indian Institute of Mass Communication (IIMC) here.Chairing the Jammu District Development Board meeting here, chief minister Omar Abdullah on Sunday approved 88 kanals (1.1 Acres) land for the purpose.Minister for Higher Education Abdul Ghani Malik told PTI, \"After preparing detailed project report, the Government will approach Union Government for releasing funds.\"New academic session will be arranged in rented accommodation in Jammu till the construction of the building is completed. The issue of classes would come in the meeting tomorrow,\" he said.Applications for 15 seats of the course in the state branch stand advertised by IIMC New Delhi and classes are scheduled to start in the last week of July.IIMC has approved four new regional centres -- Jammu and Kashmir, Kerala, Mizoram and Maharashtra. The Institute presently has branches in New Delhi and Dhenkanal in Orissa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15102226", "title": "Chitrangda turns playback singer", "text": "Shirish Kunder's Joker will not only see Chitrangda Singh debut as an item girl. TOI learnt that the actress will also make her playback singing debut with the film. When contacted, the director confirmed that the actress would indeed be lending her voice for a song in the film.According to a source close to the venture, along with Chitrangda's item number Kaafirana, another song that was 'leaked' online, became the talking point of the film. The song I Want Fakht You became viral online and its popularity made the filmmakers think.\"Shirish was very keen on acquiring a U certificate for the trailer of his film. When the censor board objected to the word 'fakht' in the song, they changed it to 'just'. But the song had already become pretty famous. So, Shirish decided to make a remix version of the song,\" said the source.And that's how Chitrangda came into the picture. The actress will now record portions of the song originally voiced by Sunidhi Chauhan for the remix. In fact, she will record her first song within a couple of days, revealed the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104229", "title": "New world at DU", "text": "Delhi University is starting its new academic session on July 23. Dinesh Singh, vice-chancellor, had earlier issued a notification to all DU college principals that timetables for the new session should be put up a week in advance.College authorities have been asked to display timetables on the college websites as well as on the notice boards. This session, the course-wise timetable will mention each professor's name, time, and room number to spare students any confusion.Welcoming the freshers, the VC says, \"I wish every student the best as they begin a new journey and urge them to make the most of it through their participation in the university programmes. They must take advantage of the platform the university has created for them. They will see a host of cultural activities, exhibitions with increased number of sports events this year.\"On the first day, while students get acquainted to the college, faculty members and senior students, they will also have the option to join the various societies and clubs for extra-curricular activities based on their interest \u2014 be it theatre, music, dance, community service or sports. Membership to these societies is credit-based since every student is marked for attending the sessions they conduct. The attendance to these societies is necessary as it is counted towards the annual assessment.SK Garg, principal, Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College (DDUC) says, \"Extra-curricular activities play a significant role in grooming one's personality. I suggest that freshers must participate in one ECA and one sport. Also, they must get their focus right as to what kind of career they want to pursue. Besides academics, picking up skills by engaging in different activities will automatically get students good placement opportunities,\" says Garg.Adding to this, Pratibha Jolly, principal, Miranda House, says that the three years of college are very important and besides having a good time, students must take it seriously as these are the transformational years of a student's life. \"This is the time to develop the skills required for one's future workplace and careers ahead. The university acts as an equaliser and students must take advantage of the several opportunities they will have here,\" she concludes.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15099351", "title": "No hospitals in accident-prone industrial hubs", "text": "CHENNAI: There is no hospital in the Oragadam and Sriperumbudur industrial hubs near Chennai. Though there is a high possibility that accidents will occur while working with heavy equipment, workers in the factories in these areas will have to travel at least 40km to reach a hospital for treatment in an emergency.Employees State Insurance Hospital, Sriperumbudur, lacks even basic equipment. Though it opened in 2005, the hospital has only three doctors and lacks the facilities needed to treat a patient in need of urgent medical care. The hospital only provides first aid and workers have to make their way to ESI Hospital in K K Nagar for treatment in case of an industrial accident.\"The Sriperumbudur hospital is just a clinic. Doctors arrive around 9am and prescribe medicines to outpatients,\" said E Ponmudi, a CITU leader.\"More than 30,000 employees work in around 40 companies in Sriperumbudur and Oragadam but there is no government hospital in the vicinity,\" he said. \"The only big hospital is in a private medical college in Kancheepuram.\"CPM leader T K Rangarajan told TOI the party and trade unions affiliated to it have taken up the issue with the state government and the Centre. \"We even raised the issue in Parliament,\" he said. Despite trade unions making several representations to authorities to set up a well-equipped hospital in the area or at least upgrade the ESI Hospital in Sriperumbudur, no action has been taken so far. Many companies even don't have an ambulance, but they deduct a small portion of the employees' salaries of around 15,000 or less per month towards ESI medical cover.Samuel D, the human resources manager of machine manufacturer Phototech Pvt Ltd, admitted that his company, like many others Oragadam, does not have facilities to deal with an emergency. \"The most we can do is give the injured worker first aid and rush him to a private hospital at Tambaram or to ESI Hospital, K K Nagar,\" he said.Kancheepuram collector Hanish Chhabra said there was no proposal for a hospital in the area. \"Once the Sriperumbudur satellite township comes up, big hospitals are likely to open here that will also cater to the industrial belt,\" he said. However, the satellite township has failed to get off the drawing board due to problems with land acquisition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15099777", "title": "Bannerghatta reels under a double whammy", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bannerghatta Biological Park (BBP) is under the grip of a twin-pronged attack. Rapid industrialization and mushrooming illegal resorts have put a huge strain on the 270-km biological reserve.\"The park is now encircled by industries, especially granite processing units once restricted to Jigani, about 15 km away. Now industrial units are springing up on farmlands abutting the forest,\" said MV Shashikumar, a birdwatcher and trekker by passion and product and commercial photographer by vocation.\"If the trend is unchecked, BBP may turn into an amusement or a theme park,\" he rued.Forex dealer and birdwatcher S Kumaraswamy said granite units are lined up on either side of the Jigani-Anekal road from Junglepalya to Koppa Gate. \"They encourage commercial and residential activities in their neighbourhood, putting pressure on the wildlife and its habitat,\" he said.G Hemachandra, who has been running a shop close to the Bannerghatta National Park (BNP) for nearly two decades, said mushrooming resorts are a huge problem in the area.\"A sprawling resort is coming up at Shanubhoganahalli. Begehalli also has resorts. The forest department is a mute spectator. We do not mind schools and colleges coming up, but we cannot tolerate industries and resorts that pollute the environment,\"he explained.A residential school employee C Govinda said unauthorized tourist operators set up camps in BBP. The campers light campfires at night.\"Sometimes we drive them out. Else we ask forest officials to intervene. If youngsters and couples are not prevented from entering forests to have fun, more tragedies like that of Satwik Shastri will happen,\" he said.Ragihalli believes in live and let liveRagihalli, where IT employee Satwik Shastri, 24, arrived before heading on a trek into the BBP with fatal consequences, is an example of how every village on the margins of a forest can make a difference to wildlife and its habitat.The 3,500 residents of this village were once dependent on picking up forest produce like firewood to make a livelihood. A turnaround in their farming fortunes altered their equations with the forest around them.\"We do not touch even a twig now. We cultivate our own horticulture crops and, in fact, let elephants trample a part of them to give it back to nature. If the elephant menace becomes big, we burst crackers to drive them out,\" said R Sampangi, Ragihalli resident.\"I come late in the night to my village which is 8 km from the Bannerghatta-Anekal main road and 12 km from Bannerghatta village and often come across elephants. I stop my two-wheeler and let the herd go away and then drive back to my house. We have no trouble with elephants which frequent our village. They let us live. Why shouldn't we let them survive?\" said another villager G Ramachandra.He said Ragihalli has had no history of its residents being trampled upon or attacked by wild elephants because both respect each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15099817", "title": "Binge! Prawn prices are steady", "text": "MANGALORE: Though the rates of various type of fishes have headed north due to low catch in the monsoon fishing ban period -- which is effective till August 15 - the prices of prawns have remained steady, much to the delight of seafood eaters.Prominent factors contributing to the steady price have been adequate landings at the Old Port, supply of cultivated prawns from Kundapur area and shut down of prawn-processing industries for maintenance.Suresh Kumar Ullal, deputy director of department of fisheries, told TOI that on an average, 7-8 tonnes of prawns are landing at the Old Port daily, which has kept the prices steady. The prices range from Rs 160 to Rs 330, from small to big varieties, to suit all class of consumers. Suresh Kumar says that closure of prawn-processing units for maintenance is another reason which has kept the prices steady.As against the price of prawns, the common man's fish - mackerel -- has shot up to Rs 150 to Rs 200 depending on the size. During eason, the price of mackerel ranges from Rs 50 to Rs 80. So are the prices of sardines - they have gone up to Rs 60 from Rs 20 to Rs 30 during season (all prices per kg).Retailer Vinay Shetty says the arrival of cultivated prawns from Kundapur area too have helped prices stabilize. \"Though cultivated prawns are not as tasty as the captured ones, there is still a good market for the same,'' he said.Manju Billava, prawn cultivator at Hangalur near Kundapur, says they sell 30/ 40 count tiger prawns (the number of prawns per kg) at Rs 230-Rs 250 to processing industries, while the rest land at the retail market. Each stock is harvested once in four months and the catch will weigh 800 kg. \"It is not very remunerative, considering that we spend as much on seeds and management,'' Manju notes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104547", "title": "Abhishek's tough challenge", "text": "Bol Bachchan is a hit and playing the double role for the first time was the biggest challenge that Abhishek Bachchan faced as an actor.More so for the flashy and garish character. He had to keep in mind the swagger and the character's gaudy demeanour and at the same time not to make it come across exaggerated. Abhishek Bachchan said, \"The greatest challenge was creating two separate characters entirely.Usually when we play a slightly flamboyant character we tend to go over the top and make it a caricature. With Abbas, although he has a lot of flair being a dance teacher and there is a lachak in his walk, we refrained from making it stereotypical. Thus we have Abbas who is in control, has a razor sharp tongue and is very calculated, while the other character, Abhishek is very hyper, clumsy and keeps getting into trouble. Had the portrayal to be cliched then it would be the other way round.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15098936", "title": "Right to Education squad receives 19 complaints, none serious", "text": "NAGPUR: The specially formed Right to Education squad formed by the education department in Nagpur has completed surprise inspections at 190 schools so far. TOI had first reported on July 10 about the formation of an inspection squad specifically for RTE. The main job of this squad was to check RTE compliance, especially for the 25% free admission quota.Sources in the RTE squad confirmed to TOI that they have received 19 complaints so far from parents whose wards did not get admission under the quota. However, the staff also added that prima facie it does seem that the parents were either unable to submit the required documents or complete the formalities before the last date, following which the seats got filled.On condition of anonymity, a team member said, \"Most of the complaints are about a popular CBSE school located in Civil Lines. Parents told us they were denied admission but so far it does seem that the school was not at fault. Since the institute is much sought after, the seats got filled and parents thought they were being cheated.\"The second task of the squad was to gather the number of admissions done under this quota and the numbers confirmed till Friday were 783. The paperwork being done by the squad will play a major role when it comes to getting fee reimbursement from government.All schools which give admissions under the free quota will have to send the details directly to the education department which will then process it and file paperwork for reimbursement. The groundwork now being done by the RTE squad will work as a background dossier to check any discrepancies. The teams will target approximately 800 schools.Four RTE inspection squads are deployed in the city limits while another two will be checking up on rural schools. Schools are being quizzed on how many applications they received under the free quota and how many admissions were granted. The source added, \"The school's principal will then have to list the reasons why any application under RTE was rejected and if a violation is found the department will take action.\"After 7 months, Nagpur gets an education officerIt has been a long wait, but finally after seven months, Nagpur got an education officer (EO) for the middle and secondary section. On December 3 last year, the then EO BH Patil was transferred to Gadchiroli and ever since the post remained vacant. Patil's immediate deputy NA Thamke was appointed as the new EO on July 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15099780", "title": "Choked drains Patna Municipal Corporation\u2019s bane", "text": "PATNA: Waterlogging, which is the most common malaise plaguing several parts of the state capital during the rainy season, could become acute this year too due to choked drains.Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) officials said encroachments, dumping of solid wastes and deposition of silt choked the drainage channels and reinforced concrete drains, causing waterlogging in the central and eastern areas of Patna.\"Many city drains were found choked with plastic bags. Despite repeated requests to Patnaites, use of plastic bags continues unabated on a large scale,\" said PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal. He said there are 1,200km of underground drains under the control of PMC, but the civic body don't have the required equipment to clean them.The choked underground drains lead to acute waterlogging in several areas.Pal said, \"Besides plastic bags, encroachment over drains also cause choking of the drains at many places. Such encroachments will be removed at the earliest to maintain the natural flow of drains.\"\"We have limited funds and other resources and we work according to it. Every year, we clean drains ahead of monsoon and the exercise was carried out this year too. But we cannot deny that the drainage system of the city is very old and needs complete overhaul,\" said PMC additional commissioner, Chandrama Singh. He also claimed that most of the manholes were covered after contractors were hired for the job last month. Incidentally, open manholes lead to dumping of waste in drains.\"Kuchcha drains are choked with heaps of garbage. Encroachment over drains at several places diverted their natural flow. We have to face a tough time in cleaning such drains,\" said Narayan, a sanitation worker.However, of the 122 pumping stations to drain out water, 113 are operational and the remaining nine would be made operational soon.Besides, an engineer with a mobile phone has been on deputation at each of the pumping stations and mobile teams have also been constituted to react to any situation.BB Sinha, a resident of Patliputra Colony, said, \"Open manhole at the starting point of road number 1/E, New Patliputra Colony, must be repaired and covered urgently. Vehicles carrying schoolchildren are getting trapped in this open manhole. There is no street light and during night pedestrians might fall into it.This road is the most busiest route for the kids to reach their respective schools from Patelnagar and Indrapuri areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098819", "title": "'26/11 was hatched across 5 nations'", "text": "MUMBAI: The interrogation of Zabihuddin Ansari, alias Abu Jundal, by the Delhi police's special cell and central agencies has shown that the 26/11 suspects operated out of several countries.The police believe that the conspiracy was meticulously executed in Pakistan , the US, Italy, Spain and Thailand. Still, they are taking Jundal's account with a pinch of salt. A source said his information about the international nature of the operation had loopholes. \"He has given us incorrect or partial information about the accused. It seems the LeT has not kept him in the loop about each and everything. It is pertinent to note that the LeT carried out this operation in a planned manner, but not all its members may have known about the entire conspiracy. Nevertheless, whatever information we have got so far from Jundal indicates the involvement of suspects from various countries,\" said a source in the security establishment.The ten 26/11 gunmen were trained in Pakistan's Muridke and Muzaffarabad camps, but they were provided with logistical support by Pakistan-born US citizen David Headley, who was initially a CIA agent but later defected to the LeT. The ten terrorists kept in touch with their handlers via VoIP (internet telephony) connections bought by agents in Italy. \"Fake identity cards were most likely provided to them by an international fake passport ring operating in Spain and Thailand ,\" said a police officer.The Mumbai Police had earlier stressed the importance of interrogating Pakistani nationals associated with the ring to establish a \"definite connection\" with the 26/11 attacks. \"We need to get official information and the opportunity to interrogate them. It all depends on that country's courts,\" said an officer. \"Unfortunately, we have not been able to question a father-son duo arrested in Brescia, Italy, in 2010 (see graphic). Though a letter rogatory (a formal request from a court to a foreign court) was sent to an Italian court, authorities there have yet to get back to us.\"Jundal subjected to prolonged questioningLeT's terrorist handler Zabihuddin Ansari, alias Abu Jundal, was subjected to sustained interrogation on Sunday. During questioning, he said he was initially not aware of the use of the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul weapons. Jundal is said to have supplied the weapons to the people arrested in the arms haul case.A source said Jundal, who is being questioned for his alleged role in the 26/11 attack, told the crime branch he came to know about the intended use of the consignment a year later in Pakistan, when his mentors there told him it was to be used for a terror attack in Mumbai or killing a prominent politician in Gujarat.On 26/11, Jundal said he attended conspiracy meetings twice in Rawalpindi. \"It was (LeT operational head) Muzammil (Butt) who gave the idea of shortlisting a group of 10 young boys who could be dispatched to Mumbai for the attacks,\" Jundal is believed to have told his interrogators.He said that after fleeing Maharashtra, he went to Kolkata and then Bangladesh , where he obtained a fake passport for Rs 15,000. From there, he went to Pakistan.\"Jundal is being questioned on the roles of the individuals involved in the 26/11 case,\" said a crime branch officer. \"He said he learnt using VoIP in Pakistan, which he used during 26/11 to communicate with the terrorists.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104545", "title": "Kareena not to star opposite SRK in 'Chennai Express'", "text": "Director Rohit Shetty has quashed rumours of Kareena Kapoor being cast opposite Shahrukh Khan in his next project 'Chennai Express' and says that the leading lady will be zeroed in soon.\"I have not really (approached Kareena Kapoor), she knows what I am making. I might do something else with Kareena,\" Shetty told PTI, in an exclusive interview. Grapevine is abuzz that Deepika Padukone is likely to feature opposite King Khan in the film.\"Just wait for ten days and then everyone will come to know who it is. In ten days time, we will announce about our heroine,\" he said.Interestingly for Shetty, 'Chennai Express' is the first film where he will be working without his close buddy Ajay Devgn. In all the eight films that Shetty has directed till date, Ajay has been a common factor but the director says that making an exception with CE, should not be taken otherwise.\"There is no fight, there is no negativity happening between us. We are working together for 'Singham 2'. I don't think people should question the bond we share,\" Shetty said.Ask him if there is any scope where he can have Ajay Devgn doing a cameo in the film, the 39-year-old director says, \"Not really as the script is almost ready. In two months we will start shooting.\"'Chennai Express' will go on floors from the end of September and release would happen mid-next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15098657", "title": "Centre launches recovery plan to protect bustards", "text": "PUNE: Maharashtra will now prepare a site-specific action plan for the protection and conservation of the critically-endangered Great Indian Bustard.The ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has come up with guidelines for preparation of a state action plan for 'Bustards Recovery Programme' in five states, including Maharashtra.Maharashtra has around 30 Great Indian Bustards in Nashik, Solapur-Ahmednagar and Vidarbha region. Currently, not more than 300 Bustards are left in the world, with no known breeding population outside India. The major reasons for the drastic decline in Bustard populations are habitat loss and degradation, poaching and overgrazing of grasslands.The aim of the state action plan is to augment the population to a minimum viable level to remove the specie from the list of critically-endangered specie, improve the habitat range, especially the breeding sites and nesting sites of these species and facilitate a participatory approach for conservation.In view of the critical situation and high probability of extinction in the near future, MoEF has identified the three Bustard species under the species recovery component of the centrally-sponsored scheme -Integrated development of wildlife habitats. A task force was constituted by the ministry on September 17, 2010 with a mandate to look into the issue of conservation of Bustards in India and to prepare an action plan for the same.Asad Rahmani, member of the task force and director of the Bombay Natural History Society, told TOI that these guidelines are based on the recommendations of the task force to enable the state governments to prepare site-specific action plans. The chief wildlife warden will forward the state action plan based on these guidelines to the ministry.\"The guidelines are simple and habitat specific, prepared by experts after several meetings. The forest department officials should follow the guidelines while preparing the state action plan. The Bustard population is in critical stage. The idea of the guideline is eco-restoration and protection of habitat, without much intervention for the Bustards to come back,'' he said.Pramod Patil, director, the Great Indian Bustard Foundation, told TOI that the state recovery plan should be taken up immediately by the government.The population of Bustards in the Vidarbha region should be given high priority at the state level because this region has breeding bird population. As the population of Bustards is found in three regions in state, three site-specific plans have to be prepared, he added.The MoEF's guidelines state that the state action plan may envisage action for five to 10 years and shall also clearly indicate the year-wise activities to be undertaken so as to review the progress annually.Maharashtra will constitute Bustard conservation committees for each management unit or division. The committee will help the chief wildlife warden in preparing the state action plan for recovery of the three Bustard species. The chairman of the committee will be chief conservator of forests of the region while other members will comprise representatives of scientific institutions, ecologists or conservation biologists, local NGO, representative from the project area and officer-in-charge of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15099389", "title": "North Central Railway conducts health camps for railway employees", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The North Central Railway administration is taking various measures to ensure the welfare of the railway employees and their families. In this connection, health department of NCR is undertaking several steps for solving health related problems of employees and their families. In order to cater to the heath related problems of the railway employees posted as line staff in far flung areas, North Central Railway regularly organises multi-purpose medical camps at various places. A multi-purpose medical camp were organised at Mathura Health Centre and Fatehpur Sikri railway station coming under Agra division on June 3 and 15 respectively.Further, one multipurpose medical camp was organised at Fatehpur Health Centre on June 13 coming under the Allahabad division of NCR.In the Jhansi division, about six multipurpose medical camps were organised at Dhaulpur health unit, Datia railway station and Jhansi workshop on May 31 and June 9 and 23. Many railway employees and their family members participated in the above medical camps. In addition to this, about 48 railway employees belonging to the Group C and D category were imparted training on first aid at the sub-divisional hospital at Kanpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098513", "title": "Meter tampering tops list of plaints against auto drivers", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly 50% of complaints against errant autorickshaw drivers in Mumbai pertain to tampering of meters to fleece commuters to pay two-three times more than the normal fare, according to a list of top 10 complaints compiled by the state transport department. Next on the pecking order come refusals by drivers to take passengers, with 25% of registered complaints pointing to it.\"The complaints against auto drivers have peaked ever since the RTO drive in October-November last year and the Team Anna SMS-campaign in November-January period,\" a senior official said. TOI, too, has been running a campaign on behalf of commuters for the past 10 months to ensure a fair and smooth ride for passengers. Sources said the RTO tollfree number 1800-22-0110 has seen a rise of 20% more complaints in recent months, while some have been lodged on the website of the traffic police.With 80,000 autos in the city still running on old mechanical meters, it is tampering of these fare calculators that have become a common menace, while complaints against tampered e-meters were \"negligible\". Officials believe that the number of complaints on \"meter rigging\" will reduce after every mechanical meter is replaced by the e-meter. But for this to happen, commuters will have to wait till March 2013.As for refusals, women, senior citizens and office-goers faced the maximum hardship, with the vicinity of railway stations during morning and evening peak hours witnessing drivers not willing to ply.\"Then came the rude, insensitive and bad behaviour of drivers,\" an official said, adding 10% of complaints were against attitude of drivers. This also included drivers who used foul, abusive language, were insensitive to commuters, insulted women in front of public and those who harassed passengers for fares.The remaining seven categories in the top 10 list comprised 15% of the total complainants, sources said. This included complaints for plying without meter, which was rampant in areas like Mira Road and in some parts of Navi Mumbai; drivers carrying fake tariff cards (which was first exposed by this newspaper) and some of them carrying two-three different sets of cards to fleece passengers; demanding fixed fares from passengers (this happened on days when there were rail disruptions or bus strikes); not stopping at regular stands (illegal soliciting of passengers outside the regular stand as is the case outside some stations like Bandra West); bad and dilapidated condition of autos leading to cuts, wounds or spinal injury; drivers plying without badges or uniforms and complaints against illegal autos (those who drive without permits). The last category of complaint is usually made by auto unions or genuine drivers in the trade on behalf of consumers, sources said.Loot on the roadsState transport department's list of top 10 complaints against errant auto driversMeter tampering: 50 %Refusal to ply: 25 %Rude behaviour: 10 %Plying Without meterFake Tariff CardDemand for fixed faresDon't stop at standsBad condition of autosWithout badges or uniformsPlying without permitsRogue driversTop crimes committed by auto drivers* Drunken driving* Rash, negligent driving* Illegal Parking* Entering one-way lane* Intimidation* Murder (set a traffic cop ablaze)* Assault (attacked an RTO official)* Robbery* Threatening public servant* Thefts (stolen vehicles)* Molestation/Rape (two drivers raped a girl in Bandra)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104165", "title": "Vikas Bhalla\u2019s moustache tale", "text": "Vikas Bhalla who made his acting debut with the film Sauda in year 1995 and has done tv shows like Shanno Ki Shaadi and has recently replaced Nandish Sandhu as Veer post leap in show Uttaran had been sporting long original moustache but since his flashback was to be without moustaches, he finally shaved his moustache and now uses artificial moustache.The irony is everyone on the sets feels the artificial one looks more original. He confirms, \"It's strange but true after I started sporting artificial moustache on-screen people from set have told me it looks more authentic\". Well it's the beauty of make-up in the world of acting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15099178", "title": "Bangalore gets a \u2018licence\u2019 to donate organs", "text": "BANGALORE: Motorists who wish to donate their organs after they die can now carry a sticker in their driving licence, affirming their pledge, thus making it easy to harvest organs in case of fatal accidents or untimely death.Bangalore's Electronic City RTO and NGO Gift Your Organ are launching the initiative on Monday to issue 'special' driving licences to motorists who have pledged their organs. The licence will be affixed with a green sticker which says the holder has pledged his or her organs.\"The NGO first proposed this idea. The government said it should be taken up on a pilot basis. We are initially launching this initiative in the Electronic City RTO,\" said transport commissioner T Sham Bhat.R Ashoka, deputy chief minister and transport minister, told TOI: \"We will soon implement it in RTOs across the state. Organ donation needs a big fillip in the state; the health department is backing us.\" The NGO said the initiative will go a long way in promoting organ donation and ensure that the pledge of those willing to donate their organs is followed.From 2007 till date, only 38 people have donated their organs in the state; 1,072 people have pledged between 2008 and January 2012 with the Zonal Coordination Committee in Karnataka. But 25-30 people register themselves every month with ZCCK as those in need of organ donation.Sameer Dua, founder and chief catalyst of Gift Your Organ, said: \"There have been 1,13,952 applicants for driving licences in Karnataka in January 2012 alone. Even if 50% of them pledge their organs, 55% of the demand can be met.\"\"Every day, four to five people are declared brain dead in Bangalore alone. If all their organs can be harvested, the huge gap in the demand and donation will be bridged,\" said Raj Sethia, director, project, Gift Your Organ.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "shillong/tura", "code": "15099946", "title": "Sangma gets a pat for brave fight", "text": "SHILLONG/TURA: P A Sangma never lost an election in his long political life. This is his first lost, that too of \"presidential proportions\". But what was in it for the former Lok Sabha speaker. He was facing an uphill task any way. Did this gamble for Raisina Hill help 'resurrect' P A Sangma in national politics or is it the 'swan song' of one of 'tribal' India's most recognizable faces?\"He certainly is an astute politician and he made a mark in the polls,\" says John Marak, a political observer here. \"Sangma made a lot of difference to the election, adding a fairly tough touch of competition, hinting at possible political realignments in the country in the near future, especially in the next general elections,\" he says.\"He highlighted issues relating to the marginalized tribal population by fighting the presidential elections,\" says Vikram Singh, a government employee. \"These matters were never discussed during presidential elections before.\" \"The fact that Sangma talked about Christians was exemplary,\" feels Jeremy Lyngdoh, a businessman. \"It is a fact that most tribals and Christians are deprived. Sangma did it absolutely right by campaigning on their behalf, which will certainly bring him political dividends.\"Nevertheless, Sangma has his share of critics who say his decision to play the tribal- Christian card was wrong. \"He has been an exemplary Lok Sabha speaker and a veteran politician of national stature. Sangma should have fought on his own merit,\" says an observer.Meghalaya chief minister Mukul Sangma, who was groomed by PA Sangma, said about the former LS Speaker's campaign: \"Our country is not governed by individuals, communities or religion. As far as tribals are concerned, they are protected under the Constitution.\"In Tura, PA Sangma's fortress, it was a sombre Sunday. The constituency has returned him to Parliament and the assembly umpteen times. The deafening silence said it all. Their man, son-of-the-soil, had just lost an election, an unheard of event in these parts.\"We were actually hoping for a miracle to see him through to the Rashtrapati Bhawan, but then, it was not to be,\" said a town elder. \"He fought bravely and we will always cherish this,\" he said. \"The tribal people and Christians are happy that the country's main opposition party, BJP, prominent regional parties AIADMK, BJD, Akali Dal and others backed Sangma, which has demonstrated that India is truly a functioning secular democracy,\" a church leader said.A Sangma supporter said 'arrangements' had been made for a 'gala celebration', including folk music and dances, in the event of the politician winning the polls. \"We had rehearsed, but then we have now decided to receive him in grand style as he showed courage to fight,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "15099086", "title": "BSF to ditch camels to ride sand scooters", "text": "JAISALMER: For the BSF, the ship of the desert may \"sink\" and \"shrink\" too, provided the hi-tech mode it is planning turns out to be viable.In a bid to keep up with the times, the BSF plans to introduce sand scooters to keep vigil along the Pakistan border. In this series, trials of special scooters and special four-wheeler vehicles from the US, China and other countries are going on in Jaisalmer. These petrol vehicles are priced well above Rs 6 lakh. The trial will continue till the end of July and if these prove successful, the vehicles will be used along with the camels to man the difficult desert terrain.Though sources say that camels may not be withdrawn right away, the BSF is planning to reduce its camel fleet in the future as their upkeep is a major concern for the force. Buying quality animals, maintaining the same and their upkeep is quite a task.Sources said the trial of 500cc ATV scooter Nebula Jaguar of Chinese company Nebula Exports was conducted in the third week of May.Later, the trial of Polaris field vehicles was carried out during the last week of May. The vehicles that were tried include Ranger 800, Ranger RZR 4-800 and Sportman. Similarly, trial of vehicles belonging to Maini Group was held in June.BSF sources said a panel has been formed at the headquarters in New Delhi and a report will be sent to the HQ soon after the trial. BSF will also send a recommendation to the Centre to acquire the ATVs.Armed with ammunition and other equipment, jawans conducted trials in extreme heat conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15099899", "title": "Gowdas are chameleons, says Congress MP", "text": "MYSORE: Lok Sabha member A H Vishwanath on Sunday took a potshot at JD(S) chief H D Deve Gowda and his son H D Kumaraswamy for allegedly shedding crocodile tears to appease the Muslim community in the state.At a press meet here, he termed the father-son duo \"political chameleons\" and said they had recently claimed that they now repent their alliance with the BJP in the past and would not commit such mistakes in future.He also appealed to the minority community not to fall prey to such gimmicks.Blaming the government for wasting money for organizing poojas in muzrai temples for rain, he said the funds must be used for drought-relief works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103799", "title": "Sudeep takes to numerology", "text": "The credits of Eega has the actor's name written as SudeepaWhen the credits of SS Rajamouli's much-awaited flick Eega ran, what took everyone by surprise was the way namma Kiccha Sudeep's name appeared - as Sudeepa. This, says the actor, was numerology prompted. \"Director S Narayan suggested that I add an 'a' to my name for success and going by the film's showing at the box office, it would appear that it has worked,\" says the actor, adding that the film's widespread popularity also means that international media houses have been calling him for interviews. But far from basking in that glory, Sudeep has been telling everyone that the credit for the film's success lies with director Rajamouli. \"Rajamouli had the conviction that only I could do that role,\" says Sudeep.Meanwhile, the actor has wound up work on the Lakshyam remake, Varadhanayaka (with Chiranjeevi Sarja, Nikesha Patel and Sameera Reddy ). \"Only the songs were pending, which were shot for early this month,\" adds the actor, who is now concentrating on his film with director Shashank - Bachchan-The Angry Young Man.His films apart, what is also exciting the actor is his new possession, a brand new Jaguar sedan. Sudeep, who owns several other big beauties, however, hasn't been bitten by the Hummer bug. \"It is not economical to cruise around in a car that gives you just about a couple of kms per litre of fuel. My new car isn't that bad,\" laughs the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15100302", "title": "Remembering 'Kabi Deshatma'", "text": "The spectacular rally on July 21 ended with 'Dhana dhanye pushpe bhara' not because it invokes the spirit of Maa Maati Maanush. July 19 actually marked 150th birthday of Dwijendra Lal Roy. The poet-playwright-musician may've risen to fame through mythological and nationalist historical play, but he remains uppermost in every Bengali's heart and mind for the 500-odd songs that crafted a genre - Dwijendrageeti - led by 'Banga aamar janani aamar' and 'Dhana dhanye'. Perhaps that's why Dimension 4 has coined for him the sobriquet of 'Kabi Deshatma.'On Friday, at the initiative of this group of artists, about 75 Kolkatans started a 'prabhat pheri' with these very songs. From Triangular Park they wound their way down Rashbehari Avenue and by the time they came to a halt on Southern Avenue, their number had gone up to 150. There the mayor unveiled a fiberglass casting of D L Roy created by Dimension 4 and supported by KMC which has donated the land where the bust stands, facing the Tollygunge Thana.This is the beginning of a year-long celebration that will soon see the release of a CD that records Dwijendrageeti in 150 voices.Walk for waterWith the walk for water growing longer in different drought-affected areas of the country, students of city school staged a unique walk on Friday with an appeal to save water in the city, which tops the chart among Indian metros in wasting potable water. Class IV students of Birla High School took a long walk along AJC Bose Road, Loudon Street, Shakespeare Sarani and Moira Street. As they walked with slogans written on posters in the shape of water-droplets, they kept requesting every person they came across to save the precious drops. \"People at least acknowledged them with a smile. We have found that people try to follow something if kids request them to do so,\" said a teacher. According to Asian Development Bank report, per capita supply in Kolkata is 237 litres, per capita consumption is 190 litres and wastage is as high as 83 litres. This is highest wastage among metro cities in India.A helping hand for the Nilgiri tahrThe endangered Nilgiri tahr seems to have found a new saviour in a Kolkata-based doctor. Shifting her focus from the usual medical devices for a while, National Medical College's Dolonchapa Dasgupta has captured on lens the life of this animal that is protected under Schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act. She has documented the threats the animals are facing in an article that recently appeared in a wildlife magazine. \"You always look for a break from your regular schedule. And if this gives you another cause to live for, then there is nothing like that. The Nilgiri tahr, known as the state animal of Tamil Nadu , is facing survival threats due to loss of habitat. That's why I have decided to portray their plight,\" said Dasgupta, a chest specialist. In her article, she has written that only 2,500 Nilgiri tahrs are left in India. \"Loss of grassland due to pressure from invasive plants is the biggest threat these animals are facing now. Large-scale grassland destruction for plantation of eucalyptus that has commercial demand has left the animals with little space in the Nilgiris. A hydroelectric project has also encroached upon the local shola grassland,\" said the report. After publishing the article last month, Dasgupta is planning detailed documentation of these animals and their survival threats in the days ahead.A slice of ChinaThe School of Chinese Language, Kolkata, presented on Tuesday a cultural evening at a well-known club in the city. Indian students of the school together with Chinese boys and girls staged a play, a Chinese version of 'Romeo and Juliet', and also rendered several songs in Chinese. A love song in Chinese was a big hit and there was also a Chinese folk dance and a skit. Some students displayed their expertise in Chinese painting and calligraphy. Consul-general of China in Kolkata Zhang Lizhong gave away certificates of merit to the students.Understanding raga sangeetIt is often said that Raga music did not boast strong voices in Bengal because the bandishes were rooted in khari boli - the Hindi of the Ganga-Jamuna belt that live on in the dialects of Brijbhasha and Bhojpuri. The melodic literature in these dialects has nourished the singing of lyric-rich genres such as thumri, kajri, chaiti and also the bandishes of the relatively abstract Khayal and Dhrupad singing.In order to popularize the appreciation of Hindustani music, multilingual musicologist Meena Banerjee has conceptualized the monthly series, Raga Rasa Sahitya, being hosted by Bharatiya Bhasha Parishad. These music and dance infused sessions focus on the literary aspect of Raga Sangeet. Reason? Banerjee noticed that \"not only the younger generation raised in our Anglicized education system but also the renowned vocalists and their seasoned listeners are unable to follow the lyrics of dhrupad and khayal, or the literature-based idioms of thumri.\"The third segment of the series focused on Monsoon, \"the most virile and the most celebrated of the six seasons of Indian calendar.\" Banerjee analysed in detail the related ragas, musical traits, and lyrics of thumri, kajri, jhoola, dadra and bhajan. These were then rendered by the bass-flute voice of Madhumita Chattopadhyay, senior disciple of Banaras gharana Vidushi Purnima Chaudhury who claimed the Girija Devi Puraskar awarded last year after the countrywide Purab Ang Gayaki Utsav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15100868", "title": "Spreading a smile on weary faces", "text": "LUDHIANA: The residents of Swami Vivekananda Vridh Ashram spent their Sunday mingling and cheering with members of a NGO, New Hope, on World Parent's Day, which is celebrated on fourth Sunday of July.Hotelier N S Nanda from Model Town Extension, who is the president of New Hope, said they loved every moment spent with the elders of the old-age home. \"The young should realize the importance parents have in their lives even when they grow up. Our celebrations served the purpose as even the ashram management took out time to participate,\" he added.Sadhu Ram, 78, and his wife Raj Kumari, 74, were honoured as the \"best parents\".\"Every one needs a little love to live on and I am thankful to these people for making this day one of the most memorable ones,\" said Sadhu.His wife could only say, \"May God bless them all,\" with watery eyes. Harbhajan Singh Bains and Mandeep, a couple from Rose Enclave, and Neelam Khosla from Model Town enthralled the old with their Punjabi songs, ghazals and poems.\"At this age, parents just need a feeling of belongingness and a little love and care from the children they have brought up. It was a wonderful feeling to see a smile on their tired faces,\" said Neelam Khosla of Model Town.Sarabha Nagar resident R L Mahajan, a retired engineer-in-chief from Punjab State Electricity Board, said, \"Parents take a lot of care when bringing up their children and preparing them for hardships of life. Children must treat them with care and compassion and never leave them alone to fend for themselves.\"Ashram vice-chairman Makhan Singh Khurana, who is a resident of Model Town, president B D Arora from Shastri Nagar and chairman Ram Prakash Bharti from Nehru Nagar participated in the celebrations, singing and dancing with the NGO members and inmates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15100800", "title": "Three held for murdering 32-yr-old on Vadala Road", "text": "NASHIK: The Indiranagar police have arrested three accused in the murder of a 32-year-old man on Vadala Road near JMCT College on Saturday afternoon.While one of the accused was arrested on Saturday itself, two more were nabbed on Sunday and produced before a local court which remanded them in police custody until July 25.The deceased - Tariq Kureshi, a resident of Vadalagaon was shot dead in broad day light, by a gang of three, over an old feud. Soon after the incident, Indirangar police arrested Gulabnabi Shaikh, while two others - Mohammad Shaikh and Kadir Shaikh were picked up from Manmad railway station on Sunday.The incident occurred on Saturday at around 12.30pm when Tariq Kureshi was riding towards Vadala Gaon on his bike. He was attacked near JMCT college by the trio three accused, who had been following him.According to reports, Tariq was first attacked by a chopper and an iron roaddue to which he fell of his bike. Subsequently, one of the accused shot him in the chest.The iiincident sparked a wave of fear in the surrounding area.However, Police officials, including DCP DS Swami, ACP Sandeep Palve, senior police inspector of Indirangar police station Gulabrao Chaudhary and a strong team of police rushed to the spot of the incident.Kureshi was immediately shifted to Civil Hospital but was declared dead before admission. Upon learning about the incident, residents of Kureshi Nagar walked down till Bharat Nagar in large numbers and damaged vehicles parked thereFollowing the incident, there was heavy police bandobast at Bharat Nagar and Kureshi Nagar and at Civil Hospital. The latter witnessed youths gather in large numbers following Kureshi's admission.Upon hearing of the incident, large numbers of youth from the Old Nashik area also reached Civil Hospital.Soon where the atmosphere was tense for some time however, police ensured that nothing untoward happened within the hospital's premises after the case was registered, Indiranagar cops received information that the main accused, in the caseGulamnabi Shaikh, was in the Ashoka Road area. Shaikh was immediately arrested but the other two accused fled the scene. Meanwhile, initially though everyone was under the impression thatWhile it was initially believed that the victime had died after being attacked with a chopper and an iron rod, a bullet was retreived from his body during the post mortem, indicating that he had been shot at.There were also reports that the Kureshis and Shaikhs had clashed twice before this incident. It was also learnt that during one of the previous clashes, Gulabnabi's son had succumbed to serious injuries. Police said that interrogations would clear the entire mystery over the murder.The weapon used in the d attack that killed Tariq Kureshi was recovered on Sunday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15099112", "title": "Centre paves way for arrears to higher education teachers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The wait of higher education teachers for arrears is over. In a significant development, MHRD has decided to relax the condition of enhancement of retirement age of teachers to 65 years in state institutions for the implementation of the revised pay scales on the basis of sixth pay commission recommendations. Such institutions are now eligible to receive Central share of 80% of the arrear payment.Teachers have welcomed the decision.\"HRD minister Kapil Sibal had assured of a positive response which is shown in the Central's move of giving relaxation of age and clearing arrears,'' said Moulindu Mishra, a college teacher. Following the revision of pay scales of the Central government employees on the recommendation of the sixth pay commission, the pay scales of teachers and other equivalent cadres were revised and age of superannuation was raised to 65 years in December 2008. The scheme of revised pay scales was essentially for teachers in central educational institutions. However, provisions of the scheme could be made applicable by state governments, to universities and colleges coming under the purview of the state governments, provided the state governments adopt and implement the scheme as a composite scheme, including the enhanced age of superannuation.The Centre then decided to provide financial assistance to the extent of 80% as reimbursement to those state governments, which may opt for these revised pay scales for the period between January 1, 2006, to March 31, 2010. The remaining 20% was to be met by the respective state governments from its own resources. The Central assistance was subject to the condition relating to the enhancement of the age of superannuation of university and college teachers to 65 years. But many state governments had requested the Centre to relax the condition relating to enhancement of retirement age of teachers to 65 years. Therefore, the Cabinet decided to give relaxation to the teachers. It has also decided that the reimbursement of 80% of Central share of arrears to be paid in two-three installments to states that have already made the payment and submitted their proposals for reimbursements to the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ankleshwar", "code": "15100111", "title": "Peepal tree at temple relocated", "text": "ANKLESHWAR: A peepal tree located at the historical Mandavnath Mahadev Temple at Ramkund here was relocated at a distant location on Sunday.Ramkund Trust's trustee Hitesh Joshi told TOI, \"Peepal is considered a 'tree of knowledge' in our country. It is a blessing to the humankind. However, the tree was proving to be an obstacle in the renovation of Mandavnath Mahadev Temple. Hence, we requested Rotary Club of Ankleshwar to extend us support in relocating it to some other place.\"Rotary Club president Manish Shah said, \"We came to know that Gujarat Alkalies and Chemicals Limited at Dahej had special machinery with it. We approached the company and its officials instantly agreed. The 20 feet Peepal tree was successfully relocated to another place within three hours on Sunday with the help of special tree transplant equipment which has been jointly procured by GACL and other PSUs.\"Pradip Thakar of Manav Kalyan said, \"People of Bharuch should promote this initiative to save trees. We should take advantage of the machinery which is available in the district.\"GACL sources said the tree transplantation equipment is a truck mounted spade made in the US and costs around Rs 1.20 crore. It has been purchased by state public sector companies with an aim to save the trees. The machine pulls up the tree from its roots and transplants it an earmarked location successfully. The survival rate of the relocated tree is over 90 per cent.\"Bhupendra Shroff, a temple devotee, said, \"Peepal tree is never cut down because people believe that Lord Krishna died under this tree. Hence it is venerated by the people. Women worship the tree for fertility and longevity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15102227", "title": "Urban Indians are physically quite inactive", "text": "MUMBAI: The average British national is reportedly among the most inactive person on this planet. This revelation was made by one of the most prestigious medical journal, The Lancet, last week. Indians have been praised by the same study for being among the least inactive people.But should this be a cause for celebration? Hardly. The study seems to have looked at India as a whole; the rural-urban divide seems to have been blurred. The rural Indian who walks miles to get his ration or water supply or to consult a doctor has been considered alongside urban Indians who in comparison seems pampered with metro rail networks and corporate hospitals.A study done in a school in Greater Mumbai shows why urban India should be as worried as Britain about physical inactivity. The study done by Dr Aashish Contractor of Asian Heart Hospital in Mumbai's Bandra area showed that while 14 per cent of the schoolchildren who were studied were overweight, most of them didn't walk enough. The study counted the number of steps that children would need to take as per their Body-Mass Index to be classified as physically active.Dr Contractor's research showed that 88 per cent of the boys and 85 per cent of the girls in that school failed to take the 15,000 steps per day and 12,000 steps per day respectively needed of 12-year-olds.This lack of physical activity leads to obesity among children and eventually leads to chronic diseases such as hypertension, diabetes or cardiac diseases. The Lancet study showed that 5 million people die due to physical inactivity every year. This is the same number of deaths caused by smoking. Urban Indians, who are as fond of their couch-seat in front of the television sets as they are of junk food, need to wake up to the stay-fit mantra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15099577", "title": "Counselling call turns a total hoax", "text": "TRICHY: Counselling for middle school graduate teachers turned out to be a moment of disappointment as the district educational officer (DEO) of the directorate of elementary education declared that there was no vacancy in Trichy district.As scheduled, 150 teachers mostly from Karur, Perambalur, Ariyalur, Pudukkottai and other parts of the state thronged the counselling venue set up in a private middle school in Trichy to participate in the counselling for transfers to panchayat union schools in Trichy district. Unexpectedly, they received shocking news from the DEO P Santhakumari that as there was no vacancy in the district, counselling would not take place.However, such information from the officer at the last minute provoked the teachers as the date for the counselling had been already announced. Hence, the teachers came to Trichy to attend the counselling. They entered into heated arguments with the DEO over cancellation of counselling. They argued saying that a few posts were lying vacant in Trichy district.They also asked that if there was no vacancy why were they unnecessarily called for counselling.Meanwhile, the teachers have demanded that the DEO issue a written statement stating that there was no vacancy. But the DEO refused. After a few minutes of confusion, all candidates left the place. Some even lamented that the officials did not want to be frank about the number of vacancies.On Saturday, counselling for teachers within the district was held without any such issues. When contacted, Santhakumari maintained that there was no vacancy for this category of candidates.As per a government order, the counselling was conducted on Saturday and transfer orders were issued to 24 candidates in Trichy district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15100494", "title": "Income tax return filing tips for first-time taxpayers", "text": "For most Generation Y professionals, tax is something they would rather not be involved with. These bright youngsters can tackle the toughest corporate challenge but fumble when it comes to their own tax planning. It needn't be like that. Tax planning may appear complicated but once you get the hang of it, it can be empowering and rewarding. Just spend a little time to understand what it is all about and the knowledge will benefit you for the rest of your life. Here are some basics of tax planning.Do you have to pay tax?That depends on how much you earn and under what heads. Some salary components such as the basic salary, dearness allowance, special allowance and bonuses are taxable. Others such as house rent allowance, conveyance and other reimbursements are exempt subject to rules. But apart from the income from your employer , you may also earn interest on fixed deposits , bonds and on the balance in your savings bank account. If you invest in stocks or funds, there may be dividend income and capital gains as well. If you own property, there may be rental income coming in. If the income you earned in a financial year (1 April to 31 March) exceeds the basic exemption limit of 1.8 lakh ( 1.9 lakh for females), you have to pay tax on it.Tax deduction at sourceYour employer calculates the tax payable and deducts it from your salary. But since tax is payable on the combined total income, the TDS by your employer may not suffice unless your income from other sources has been factored in.If you changed jobs during the year, you must report the income from the previous employer as well. If you don't do that, you will end up availing the basic exemption twice, which will lead to a big tax outstanding at the end of the year. Before your employer deducts tax, you are asked if you have made any tax saving investments or are eligible for any other deduction or exemption. You can invest up to 1 lakh in any option under Sec 80C. Some of these are automatic-your contribution to the PF, for instance. The other options are PPF, NSCs, tax saving FDs, ELSS mutual funds, life insurance policies and pension plans. There are other deductions too. Medical insurance policies for yourself or your parents are eligible for deduction under Sec 80D. If you submitted documentary proof of all these investments to your employer within the stipulated time, the TDS will be low.Do you have to file your return?The CBDT has exempted taxpayers with an income of less than 5 lakh from filing their tax return. However, you can avail of this exemption only if you have income from salary and bank interest. Also, this interest should not exceed 10,000 in a year and you should have paid the tax due on it. You should also not have any tax refund due. If you have paid more tax than due, the only way you can get it back is by filing your return. Don't look at filing your tax return as a painful exercise. Instead, think of it as sending a bill to the Income Tax Department demanding a refund of the amount you overpaid in taxes during the previous year. The sooner you do it, the better it is for you because the faster your tax refund reaches you.Understanding your Form 16Your employer must have given you a Form 16, which is a certificate of the TDS from your salary. For most salaried individuals, the Form 16 has nearly all the details they need to put in their tax return form. But if they have other investments as well, the details need to be filled in the tax return form. A refund is not the only reason to file your tax return. Your return is a declaration of your income and will come handy when you are seeking a loan, buying property, going abroad or even taking a large insurance cover. Banks want to see your income details before they extend a loan. Many countries want to know if you are financially stable before they issue you a visa. Insurance companies want to know if the cover you want is commensurate with your income.The income tax return is your single sheet answer to all these queries. Not filing your return can have serious repercussions . You can be slapped with a penalty of up to 5,000 even though all your taxes are paid. Besides, it will unnecessarily raise suspicion and the income tax department may scrutinise your finances further.How to file your returnYou can file your return online or offline, by yourself or with the help of a tax professional. It is advisable to take the help of a tax professional at least for the first time. A chartered accountant will be able to guide you on how to fill up the form and choose the ITR form that is applicable to your case. Once you get the hang of it, you can start filing your return by yourself. Online filing is very simple and doesn't require too much effort. There are websites that guide you at every step of the process. They even choose the correct ITR form for you based on your income so there is zero chances of you going wrong. For as little as 200-250 , some portals even cross check your return before it is filed to ensure it is error free. It is a small fee to pay for peace of mind.The author is a chartered accountant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15098719", "title": "Six more held for Manesar attack", "text": "GURGAON: Six more workers, including the organizing secretary of the workers' union, have been arrested from different parts of Haryana in the Maruti case. One of the accused, who was arrested on Saturday, was sent to judicial custody on Sunday, while the others will be produced in a city court on Monday.The arrested have been identified as Sohan Lal, a resident of Karnal; Yogesh Kumar, organizing secretary of Maruti Suzuki Union and a resident of Jhajjar; Surender Pal of Palwal; Naveen of Jhajjar; Pradeep of Jind; and Satbir of Sirsa districts. Lal has been sent to 14 days' judicial custody, said a senior police officer.Ninety-one workers were arrested on July 18 and have been lodged in the Bhondsi jail after a court remanded them in judicial custody for 14 days.Police continued to keep a watch on all three Maruti plants in Haryana and raided several places to arrest the accused workers. They have also recorded the statements of the management officials injured during Wednesday's attack.Police commissioner K K Sindhu held a meeting with the SIT on Sunday about the progress in investigations. \"Cyber and forensic experts are trying to get as much information as they can from the CCTV footage as all the cameras were broken by the mob,\" said Sindhu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15099008", "title": "Power sector sweating over environment ministry's draft rules", "text": "NAGPUR: The ministry of environment and forests (MOEF) has proposed new rules, applicable from January 2014, which are seen as imposing conditions too tough to be met by the power sector. The new rules make it mandatory for thermal power plants located beyond 500km of the pit head (dedicated source of coal) to use coal with calorific value of at least 4,000 Kcal/Kg, or put in place specified clean technologies.The latter option may lead to a change in the basic structure of the plants itself, which those running power units say is an impractical proposal. If implemented, the new rules are bound to burden generation companies with higher costs.Sources say this may ultimately help the washery business, where coal undergoes a process to reduce ash content, or it may increase dependence on imported coal. Imported coal has average calorific value of 6,000 Kcal/Kg and low ash content.The draft rules cover practically every type of power plant. It is specified that any stand-alone thermal power plant or a captive plant with a capacity of over 100MW located beyond 500km of the pithead is covered under the rules. However, those situated in an ecologically-sensitive zone, critically polluted areas or settlements with a population of more than 10 lakh are brought under the ambit irrespective of the distance from pithead.After 2014, power plants will have to use coal with more than 4000 Kcal/Kg calorific value and having ash content less than 34%. If not, they will have to adopt clean technologies like circulating fluidized bed combustion, atmosphere fluidized bed combustion or integrated gasification combined cycle technologies.Poor quality coal, which includes that with calorific value below 4000 Kcal/Kg, is a common complaint of state government owned power utilities as well as NTPC. Although Mahagenco is supposed to get coal with calorific value between 4,300 and 4600 Kcal/Kg, the actual value is lower by 400 to 500. This often leads to disputes.Although Mahagenco gets washed coal, it has been found that this is of a little help. In fact, it was found that using raw coal increased plant efficiency, which hinted at washeries swindling the company of better quality fuel, said a source in this power utility. Mahagenco gets coal from city-based Western Coalfields Limited as well as other Coal India Limited (CIL) subsidiaries.WCL claims that over 70% of its output has calorific value more than 4,000. However, there are some CIL subsidiaries which may not meet the criterion, said an official here.As for use of clean technologies specified in the draft, for many power plants it would be a complete changeover. Technologies like fluidized bed combustion (FBC) are only 5-6 years old, moreover larger power plants of 500MW and above capacity use the old pulverized fuel boilers. \"Shifting to the new technologies will require changing the boilers, which is an unviable proposition,\" said director (generation) of Mahagenco MG Waghmode.A source in a private power company in the region said plants with new technologies are available from China. So, new plants may not have a problem although existing ones may have to invest substantially, in some cases this cost may easily go over Rs100 crore.However, since plants may depend on imported coal due to lack of enough domestic supply, blending may lead to a higher overall calorific value.A senior official in a city-based private company with power plants said that FBC technology has its own limitations and is preferred in small power plants. Larger power plants prefer pulverized fuel boilers. As far as calorific value of coal is considered, a wide range of coal is available in India from 3,000 to 4,500 Kcal/Kg, but largely it is of the lower value, he said.A retired official in the state's power ministry said green technologies need substantial investment. Mahagenco had turned down a proposal to install a fluid gas desulphuriser at its Koradi plant as it required an investment of Rs400 crore. Washing also does not help much in Indian coal, because the reject content is as high as 50%. Also, boilers in Indian power plants are not designed to handle calorific value of over 4,000-4500, Kcal/kg. So, even imported coal has to be blended with Indian fuels to be of any use here.Interestingly, there is hardly any power plant with a dedicated pithead, since most get coal from many sources. So, designating a pithead under the new rule will also be a contentious issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15098340", "title": "Time to say goodbye to Pratibha 'Row' Patil", "text": "Congress leader Pratibha Patil was the first woman President, unfortunately, her five-year term was marred by a series of controversies. It began a week after she took over the reins of Rashtrapati Bhavan. As per norms prescribed by the ministry of home affairs, the President's photograph has to be displayed in government offices across the country, and at high commission and embassy offices.However, after her photograph was circulated, an old colleague brought it to her notice that one can't recognize her from the picture. The photograph was immediately withdrawn and it took over two months to circulate a new one.While that row was fresh, she got locked in another controversy over protocol norms for family members, when they visit Maharashtra. Rashtrapati Bhavan had a sent a long list on her family's requirements to the state chief secretary. Subsequently, it was taken up with her secretary, who had agreed to prune it down. Patil was at the receiving end for going on the most foreign trips, and that too accompanied by family members, including grandchildren, and also most visits to her home state. Though there is no rule, it has been convention that a President visits the home state not more than six times a year. However, an RTI query revealed that she visited Maharashtra on several occasions.Significantly, even as her term ended on a controversial note, there was a row over her post-retirement accommodation. Since she had expressed a desire to settle down in Pune, the land identified for construction of a bungalow was locked in controversy, and she had to give it up for a state government bungalow.Of course, for the people of Maharashtra, there was always a rousing reception at Rashtrapati Bhavan, since there were no protocol norms.Entangled in red-tapeFormer chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad is now on the other side of the fence and had a real-life experience of red-tapism in the government. A year ago, he was metropolitan commissioner, and subsequently, when he was appointed chief secretary, even before he reached Mantralaya to take over reins of the bureaucracy, a huge nameplate in Marathi and English was already fixed. It's now more than a month that he has been appointed chief information commissioner, but the public works department is yet to fix the nameplate. Gaikwad's office sent reminders to the PWD, but there was no response. No doubt, a nameplate is a minor issue, but the fact that while the government set up the commissionerate under the Right to Information Act, it has failed to provide adequate infrastructure for implementation of the landmark legislation in letter and spirit.Besides the fact that two key posts of the commissioners are vacant for long, no steps were taken to educate heads of the department on provisions of the RTI Act. By and large, officials appointed as public information officers or deputed before commissioners for first and second appeals, are in the dark on provisions of the Act, so while the law was in force, the basis purpose of enacting the legislation has been defeated.Significantly, Gaikwad is the first chief information commissioner who has taken up key pending issues with the state government and enforcing agencies. The former chief secretary has brought to the notice of all heads of departments and statutory organizations the need to review pending applications under the Act and steps to be taken for providing basic information to people.New force to reckon withMunicipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte is a new force to reckon with in the corridors of power after he sent a bill of Rs 3.75 lakh for illegally using a Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) vehicle after retirement. In the wake of a mention of rampant misuse of public vehicles by high-ranking bureaucrats, joint and deputy secretaries in this column (July 16), Kunte was the first to react. He was followed by chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia.In fact, Kunte, after it was found that a civic vehicle was at the disposal of his predecessor, himself conducted a preliminary probe and took the case to the logical end by sending a bill to him. Misuse of government vehicles has become the rule rather than the exception, and it was presumed that even after he noticed that his predecessor was still using the vehicle, he would ignore the illegality.Kunte has come out of the 'chalta hai' attitude. Now, how will Banthia take on erring colleagues in the bureaucracy?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15098979", "title": "Kota businessman kidnapped, Rs 25 lakh ransom demanded", "text": "JAIPUR: A businessman of Nayapura area in Kota district has been allegedly kidnapped, and the kidnappers have demanded a ransom of Rs 25 lakh.Fifty-one-year-old Nishan Singh, who deals in the real estate market, reportedly went missing since July 18. The family got a call from kidnappers on Saturday asking for the money to release him.Singh had gone to show a piece of land to three persons at the Shahbad area in Baran district on July 18. However, he didn't return till evening. The family initially tried finding him on their own, but, later informed the police.His brother-in-law Gurdeep Singh, based in a village in Punjab, claimed to have received a ransom call where kidnappers demanded Rs 25 lakh to release him, police said.\"The brother-in-law immediately informed his sister Maninder Kaur (wife of Nishan Singh) about the ransom call. On Saturday evening, she informed us about the developments and said her husband was kidnapped,\" Sitaram Mahich, deputy superintendent of police, Kota central told TOI on Sunday.Police suspect property dispute behind the kidnap plot.\"Prima facie, property dispute seems to be reason behind the kidnap. Primary investigations suggested that one Govind Singh (40) along with three persons had visited the victim's family on July 17. The next day he took Singh along on the pretext of looking at some property at Shahbad village in Baran district. It appears that Govind could be behind the kidnap,\" Mahich added.The Kota police said five years ago Govind Singh's kin had bought a piece of land from Nishan Singh at a village in Bundi district. Both had a dispute over the property valuation.\"It appears that the kidnap is an outcome of the dispute,\" senior police officer said.A team of Kota police has now reached Punjab to trace the missing businessmen. \"We are in touch with the Punjab police to get the phone numbers traced so as to locate the kidnappers,\" an officer said.The team has left for the village in Punjab from where Govind Singh hails, an officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104638", "title": "Cutting back on salty foods cuts cancer risk", "text": "Reducing intake of salty foods such as bacon, bread and breakfast cereals may reduce people's risk of developing stomach cancer, a UK charity has suggested.World Cancer Research Fund (WCRF) - a UK charity that gives advice on how cancer can be prevented through diet, physical activity and weight -wants people to eat less salt and for the content of food to be labelled more clearly.In the UK, one-in-seven stomach cancers would be prevented if people kept to daily guidelines, according to the WCRF.Cancer Research UK said this figure could be even higher.Too much salt is bad for blood pressure and can lead to heart disease and stroke , but it can also cause cancer.The recommended daily limit is 6g, about a level teaspoonful, but the World Cancer Research Fund said people were eating 8.6g a day.\"Stomach cancer is difficult to treat successfully because most cases are not caught until the disease is well-established,\" the BBC quoted Kate Mendoza, head of health information at WCRF, as saying.\"This places even greater emphasis on making lifestyle choices to prevent the disease occurring in the first place - such as cutting down on salt intake and eating more fruit and vegetables,\" she noted.Eating too much salt is not all about sprinkling it over fish and chips or Sunday lunch, the vast majority is already inside food.It is why the WCRF has called for a \"traffic-light\" system for food labelling - red for high, amber for medium and green for low.However, this has proved controversial with many food manufacturers and supermarkets preferring other ways of labelling food.Lucy Boyd, from Cancer Research UK, said: \"This research confirms what a recently published report from Cancer Research UK has shown - too much salt also contributes considerably to the number of people getting stomach cancer in the UK.\"On average people in Britain eat too much salt and intake is highest in men. Improved labelling - such as traffic light labelling - could be a useful step to help consumers cut down,\" Boyd suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15099311", "title": "Finally, merger of Anna Universities of Technology with Anna University", "text": "CHENNAI: Nearly a year after the state government announced the merger of the five Anna Universities of Technology with Anna University in Chennai, chief minister J Jayalalithaa formally announced the merger on Sunday. The order will come into effect on August 1.Students graduating this year will receive degrees issued by the unified Anna University. \"This move will ensure that Anna University regains its lost pride and global reputation. By bringing all technical institutions under one umbrella, all students will get to study a common syllabus, which will help them take up research and higher studies of a global standard,\" the release said. A government order on the merger will be issued on Monday.With this move, the 535 engineering colleges in the state, affiliated to AUTs in Chennai, Coimbatore, Madurai, Tiruchi and Tirunelveli, will be affiliated to Anna University, Chennai, as it was before the AUTs were formed. The 12 constituent colleges of the respective AUTs will now become the constituent colleges of Anna University, Chennai, like the Guindy College of Engineering, AC Tech, MIT and SAP School of Architecture. The university departments in the five AUTs will also become attached to Anna University, Chennai.Higher education minister P Palaniappan told TOI that from August 1 there will be only one vice-chancellor for Anna University. \"The current vice-chancellors of the AUTs will go back to their original jobs in colleges. If they have reached or crossed 60 years, which is the retirement age of a university professor, they will have to go home,\" he said. The minister added that the AUT VCs will not be staying back as directors of the zonal offices or deans of the constituent colleges, as the officers will be decided by the syndicate of Anna University.For administrative convenience, zonal offices will be set up in Coimbatore, Trichy, Madurai and Tirunelveli, which will monitor the running of affiliated institutions and address students' grievances. Students pursuing UG and PG courses in AUT university departments will continue their studies through the zonal centres. Examinations for all students will be conducted by Anna University through its 17 regional offices.A statement from the government said the monitoring committee headed by Sheela Balakrishnan, additional chief secretary, municipal administration and water supply department, submitted a report on the merger to the chief minister, who ordered the merger. The committee considered the status of the students, teaching and non-teaching staff of the five Anna Universities of Technology and the movable and immoveable assets of the institutes while preparing the report.Speaking to reporters earlier, the minister said that once the merger is announced, a new syndicate will be formed after which a search committee will be set up to look for a VC for Anna University. This process is expected to take around three months.Anna University is now governed by a three-member convenor committee comprising director of technical education Ramesh Chand Meena, AC Tech dean P Kaliraj and CEG dean M Sekar.Some of the AUT vice-chancellors have crossed 60, but are hopeful of being considered for the post of vice-chancellor of Anna University. \"The recent decision of the state to adopt the UGC regulation to extend the age of the VC in state universities to 70 has given these senior academics hope that this rule would also be adopted in Anna University,\" said a senior faculty member in one of the AUTs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15099897", "title": "Puri priests oppose demolition of building adjacent to shrine", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Jagannath temple administration's attempt to demolish a building close to the entrance of 12th century shrine in Puri came a cropper on Sunday following protest by a section of priests, who claim to have owned the building since 1889.Observing that the building of Pratihari Nijog (a priests' body) was a structural threat to the main temple, the shrine administration last week decided to pull down the old structure. As the authorities of Archeological Survey of India (ASI) were setting up scaffoldings to demolish it, the Pratihari priests stalled the process and sat on a dharna demanding revocation of the demolition order.\"The building belongs to Pratihari Nijog since decades. Though it was recorded in the name of Jagannath temple, Nijog is the caretaker. Besides, we have been observing certain rituals of Lord Jagannath in the building,\" Nijog secretary Birakishore Mahapatra told TOI.The agitating priests alleged that the shrine administration is trying to demolish the building without any consultation with them. \"Let the administration talk to us and reach a consensus. We will not allow the demolition without discussion,\" Mahapatra said.Temple officials said they are going ahead with the demolition after the high court's nod in this regard. \"The HC has clearly asked the temple administration to take steps to ensure safety of the temple. The technical experts' committee recommended demolition of the structure,\" said the temple's public relations officer Laxmidhar Pujapanda.Sources said the Nijog had moved the HC recently after the temple turned down the former's proposal of transferring the ownership status of the building in its name. The Nijog in 2005 wanted to acquire the building by paying Rs 900 under the uniform land policy of Jagannath temple act. But the temple administration rejected the proposal in view of security concerns from the building.Recently the Puri district administration demolished portions of Badachhata mutt and Chhauni mutt located on both sides of the temple entrance on security ground. But encroachment around the outer wall (Meghanad Pacheri) of Jagannath temple continues to pose a threat as the district administration is struggling to evict unauthorized vendors from the restricted area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15100826", "title": "In 6 months, snatcher gangs target 35 males in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Gone are the days when only women were the soft targets for snatchers in the city. Now, males in city too have become easy targets.A total 35 males, including private company employees, four college-going students and two elderly persons were snatched of cellphones, gold chains, purses and briefcases during the past six months.The interrogation of recently held snatchers, Vicky and Sanjay, revealed that both had targeted five males and snatched their gold chains, purses and briefcases. Both were arrested on Friday, and cops claimed to solve a total 16 cases of snatchings.Meanwhile, Sanjeev Kumar of Mohali, was near Government Model Senior Secondary School (GMSSS) in Sector 10, when two unidentified youths appeared and snatched his cellphone and digital camera on Saturday. A case was registered at police station, Sector 3. Earlier, Raghu Singh of Manimajra was targeted near Leisure Valley and two youths snatched his cash and other valuables on July 8. Later, two accused were arrested in this regard.Inspector Ranjodh Singh, in charge crime branch, said, \"Apart from Vicky and Sanjay, earlier arrested snatchers also confessed to committing snatchings with men.\" However, crime branch has also cracked six more cases of snatchings following the interrogation of Vicky and Sanjay on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bangalore/new delhi", "code": "15099717", "title": "Karnataka BJP rebels aid Pranab", "text": "BANGALORE/NEW DELHI: Cross-voting by BJP MLAs in Karnataka helped swell Pranab Mukherjee's tally in the presidential poll. Fourteen BJP legislators cross-voted, handing Mukherjee 117 votes against NDA-supported P A Sangma , who secured just 103 in a state where BJP has the majority in the assembly.The defiance has put the spotlight on the infighting and how it continues to dog the BJP. BJP's Karnataka pointman Dharmenda Pradhan said the party has taken the matter very seriously and will soon form a panel to inquire into the incident. \"None will be spared. Serious action will be initiated,\" he said.Going by the arithmetic, Sangma should have polled more than Mukherjee as the BJP, with the support of an independent, has 120 members in the 223-member House. The Congress has 71, the JD(S) \u2014 which supported Mukherjee \u2014 has 26. Three votes were invalid. The value of votes polled by Mukherjee in the state was 15,327 and that of Sangma was 13,493.Former minister and MLA B Sriramulu , who claims support of five BJP MLAs, admitted to have voted for Mukherjee. The BJP suspects the MLAs who couldn't make it to the cabinet might have cross-voted. The BJP brass's decision to install Jagadish Shettar as CM hasn't ironed out the glitches. The cross-voting comes close on the heels of civic polls where 12 members defied the party line and voted differently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104458", "title": "Playboy tags Sherlyn Chopra 'Bollywood Goddess'", "text": "From 'Goddess' to 'Legend', the West seems to have a different image of Sherlyn Chopra altogether.Sherlyn Chopra is making news for being the first Indian girl to do a nude photoshoot for the internationally-acclaimed Playboy magazine. But it seems like the Playboy magazine has put the actress on a pedestal that even she might have not dreamt of.Sherlyn Chopra who features on the official website of Playboy is introduced as 'Bollywood Goddess Sherlyn Chopra'. And interestingly when Sherlyn was still a 'coming soon' attraction on the Playboy website, she was introduced as 'Bollywood Legend Sherlyn Chopra'.The official introduction of Sherlyn Chopra on the Playboy website reads \"Coming soon to Playboy Magazine and Playboy.com, a historic nude pictorial of Bollywood sensation Sherlyn Chopra, the first Indian woman to appear in the magazine. Sherlyn Chopra known for her acting and modelling career as she appeared in various Bollywood movies and was a guest on the hit reality tv show Big Boss (Season 3). Don't miss the photos that have everyone in South Asia talking.'Sherlyn Chopra has to her credit a few Bollywood movies and her biggest claim to fame is the TV show Bigg Boss. But with tags like 'legend' and 'Goddess', it seems like the West has a different image of her altogether!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15099758", "title": "MBA, MCA aspirants find entrance test easy", "text": "BANGALORE: A comparatively easy set of questions awaited examinees at the Karnataka Management Aptitude Test (KMAT) held at four centres in the city on Sunday.The test was conducted by Karnataka Private Post Graduate Colleges' Association (KPPGCA) for admission to professional courses like Master of Business Administration ( MBA) and Master of Computer Application ( MCA).The test had no surprises in store; most students said it was relatively easy. \"The paper was good. Basic aptitude was the easiest section followed by English language and Mathematics. Although the questions in Mathematics section were easy, attempting all of them in the given time did not click for me,\" said Santosh Kumar Gaur, a student of Seshadripuram Composite Final Grade College in Yelahanka.Another student, Somaiah A, also found the paper relatively easier. \"Although I found Mathematics the toughest, I have done well overall. I will be appearing for PGCET paper, scheduled on July 29,\" said Somaiah.KMAT 2012 was also held in Bagalkot, Belgaum, Davangere, Gulbarga, Hubli, Mangalore (two centres), Mysore, Shimoga and Udupi.The results will be available on KMAT website on August 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104337", "title": "Narain is Mysskin's hero", "text": "When director Mysskin made his debut with Chithiram Pesuthadi, he cast Narain in the lead. The film went on to garner positive response from both the critics and audience alike. Mysskin made Narain his hero again in Anjathey, which got him two awards.From then on, both Narain and Mysskin have been considered lucky for each other. In fact, Narain never forgot to mention his 'director' and thank him at every given opportunity.Even though the actor didn't have a role to play in Mysskin's next two films, Nandalala and Yuddham Sei, he found himself playing an important role in Mugamoodi . However, this time around, Narain was cast as the antagonist opposite Jiiva in this superhero flick.At a press meet, Mysskin said, \"I approached Narain for the negative role and he agreed without even questioning me. He is playing the lead in several films now, and this career move might have shocked many. But Narain didn't think twice. I think I owe my friend one, and to exploit his talent, I will cast him in the lead in my next film again.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "15104025", "title": "2 injured in blast near Chinese consulate in Karachi", "text": "KARACHI: Two persons, including a paramilitary personnel, were injured on Monday in a low-intensity blast near the Chinese consulate in this Pakistani port city, police said.Police officials told the media that a bomb was planted on a motorcycle parked near a building located adjacent to the consulate in Clifton area of Karachi .A car and two motorcycles were damaged by the blast. There were no reports of casualties or damage within the consulate.Rescue teams and additional security personnel rushed to the site.Footage on television showed the area had been cordoned off by personnel of the paramilitary Pakistan Rangers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103708", "title": "Dayal Nihlani enters Bhojpuri Film making", "text": "Maker of Hindi film 'Andhayuddh', 'Gambler' , 'Karam Yoddha' and associate of Shyam Benegal; Dayal Nihlani enters Bhojpuri film making now. He is making his first Bhojpuri film 'Chhapra ke Prem Kahani' with Ravi Kishan , Rajan Modi and South Indian actress Madhu Sharma.Entire shooting of this film is completed and post production is in progress. \"Chapra Ke Prem Kahani is a love story,\" says Dayal Nihlani. He added,\" I wanted to make a Bhojpuri film , when actor Rajan Modi and producer Rajesh Jaiswal approached me to direct this film I agreed. We selected Ravi Kishan to play main lead.\"Ravi Kishan says,\" It is good news for Bhojpuri Film industry because Dayal Nihlani is a big name in film making. It's my pleasure that I am working with Dayal Nihlani in my regional language.\"Other stars of this film are Apporva Ratan, Brijesh Tripathi, Mehnaz, Rajesh Jaiswal, Seema singh and Suresh Sharma. Tanuja Modi is co-producer of this film.Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15098524", "title": "Man held for impersonating Pune lawyer", "text": "PUNE: The Bund Garden police on Sunday arrested a 34-year-old man for impersonating a lawyer and issuing bogus title and search certificates to several financial institutions in the city.The suspect, Amitkumar Davar of Chandannagar, allegedly used the name of city-based lawyer Sachin Ashok Ingule (38) of Guruwar Peth, to prepare fake stamp papers and letterheads. Investigations have revealed that Davar had issued search and title reports to several private banks in the city. Ingule has lodged a complaint against Davar with the Bund Garden police station.Police sub-inspector of the Bund Garden police station Ashok Randive said that Davar has been arrested under sections 420 (cheating), 463 (forgery), 464 (making false document), 467 (forgery of valuable security, will), 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating), 471 (using as genuine a forged document) of the Indian Penal Code.The fraud came to light when a man who knew Ingule came to know about Davar's fraud. He contacted Ingule and told him that Davar was practicing in his name at a sub-registrar office in the city. \"On verification, we found that the suspect had submitted a search application at the registrar's office in the name of Ingule,\" said former secretary of the Pune bar association Atul Kajale-Patil.Kajale-Patil said that it was also found that Davar had used fake letterhead and stamps in the name of Ingule and issued title and search reports to the various banks and earned good money in commission.Advocate Ingule told TOI that he had met Davar for the first time in 2010 . \"He had told me that he was new to the city and wanted to register some documents at the sub-registrar's office. I had helped him then. Davar then visited my office regularly for some time.\"Ingule said that Davar had also asked him to prepare title and search reports for the banks. \"I had given him the reports as I had got well acquainted with Davar. However, after some time, Davar just stopped coming to me.\"Police sub-inspector Ashok Randive said that Davar will be produced in the court on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15100477", "title": "The transition from being savers to investors", "text": "It is virtuous to save. This is what we were told when we began to earn money . We repeat the same lesson to our children. We seek protection, assurance, promise, safety and all those comforting outcomes from the money we have saved, and we fail to see ourselves as investors. So, what does it take to transit from being savers to becoming investors?First, savers are hoarders. They accumulate assets that make them feel they have something of lasting value. The marked preference for gold and property does not come from some astute understanding that these assets grow in value over time. It is not uncommon for savers to be proud of the property bought for 50,000 with tremendous foresight, 25 years ago, and which is today worth 20 lakh. To the investor, this is an asset that has grown at a compounded rate of 16% over years, but if the value is not realised in any manner, it's worth so little. To the saver, selling off such a valuable property is sacrilege. The transition to becoming investors requires the mindset to view assets for their economic value, and plan who will realise that value, how and when.Second, savers are focused on outcomes , not processes. They are thus gullible to fraudulent packaging of financial products. Several gave their money to dubious schemes, plantation projects and unknown deposits. Their focus is on the return. Therefore, safety in their lexicon is the return of principal invested . To transition to becoming investors , they should know that what happens to their money depends not on the promise, or who made the promise, or how it was packaged. It depends critically on how the money would be put to use. Focusing on who will hold the money and manage it exposes the investor to the risk in deploying the money. To invest is to understand that there would be risks in letting someone else use our money , and the quality of the promise depends on who that is, and what they do with our money, and how well regulated their activity is. Investors seek information . They understand that no promise can hold unchanged into the unknown future. They like to check the quality of the promises made to them, and act on it. To transition from saving to investing , is to come to terms with risk and get armed to deal with it, rather than hope for risk to go away.Third, savers fail to work out the math in finance. Since their focus is on preservation than growth, they are not sensitive to the fact that every rupee can earn interest every day. They do not seek the efficiency of putting their money to work, and abet lazy money lying undeployed. Allowing money to lie in bank accounts is quite common among savers. Investors seek efficient use of capital. They understand that not all investments need to be for the long term. They seek cashlike options such as liquid funds to ensure that their money is deployed and earns a decent level of return. Savers overstate the complexity in investing, and decide that unless they know which the next best investment option is going to be, they may not be able to make an investment decision. To invest is to understand that it makes perfect sense to earn an average return at lower risk, by investing in a range of assets, than try to figure the next best thing.Fourth, savers are lured by bargains. They like the idea that a rupee saved is a rupee earned. They also feel a sense of importance and accomplishment when they have made financial decisions that result in immediate, visible savings. Buyers of insurance products do not see it as a decision that involves regular outgo of premium over years for risk protection and a poor rate of return. They only see the immediate tax saving that is possible. They also like the benevolent seller who compels them to save some money regularly. Young earners buying large homes so they compulsorily save and build an asset, which will grow in value, fall in the same category. They fail to see that they may need liquid assets in early stages of their lives. To transition from saving to investing, they need to see that assets come with varying combinations of return, risk, liquidity and desired holding period. The choice of a product needs to consider immediate as well as future needs. After saving tax for three to five years, several default on insurance policies, unable to set aside the huge premium, thereby losing an investment opportunity.Fifth, savers think there should be a prim and proper way of doing things and if they have to become investors: someone should lead them to making the right decisions so that they are protected and guided correctly. As it is in life, so it is in investing. The shades of grey in investing are something they should learn to deal with. Savers kick and scream about being led astray and their expectations from service providers tend to be unrealistic .Investors see that they have to make informed choices, and be responsible for their actions. They are prepared to do the hard work, when they make their investment choices.Have you made your transition yet?\u2014The author is Managing Director, Centre for Investment Education and Learning, and can be reached at uma.shashikant@ ciel.co.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "hoshangabad", "code": "15099659", "title": "No-till farming answer to the global hunger", "text": "HOSHANGABAD: Aamir Khan, recently on his show \" Satyamev Jayate\" spoke about the harmful effects of pesticides and requested the Central and the state governments to adopt organic farming method. Waking up to the cries of farmers, Aamir has put forward a solution, which surely will bring back life to our agricultural fields.Providing testimony to Aamir's claim is a farm in Madhya Pradesh that proudly flaunts its fertile expanse of 12 acres and the unique method that can help overcome the suicidal trend among the farmers of the state, perhaps of the country. The sole but strong characteristic of the Titus Farm that differentiates it from the rest is the use of natural methods to grow, to let grow.Three kilometres from Hoshangabad, Madhya Pradesh, on the road to Bhopal , lies the Titus Farm where for the last twenty five years, a unique experiment of natural farming is being done here by a local farmer, Raju Titus, who abandoned traditional plough-based and chemical methods of farming in his farms. He favours farming without tillage, known as \"No-Till\" farming. By doing so, Raju attracted the attention of people who come from across the country to see the experiments he has done with natural farming.In November last year, three farmers committed suicide in Hoshangabad. Perturbed by the suicides, Raju feels that days of chemical farming are over. Excess use of chemical fertilizers, insecticides and unnecessary tillage of the land leaves soil susceptible to erosion and leads to agricultural runoff.Irrigation by Tawa Dam created hope initially, but now, the dream has been transformed into a nightmare. This year, the crop of Soybean in Hoshangabad was completely destroyed, producing only two quintal of soybean per acre. In such situations, alternative farming is what we need to think of. Farmers disappointed with all the \"revolutionary\" methods of cultivating crops are attracted towards this promising idea of natural farming.One part of his farm, where wheat has already been sown, is covered with Green Ground Cover made of weeds. Here, Raju has covered the field with paddy straw along with Gajar Ghass (Carrot Grass). Once the sunlight reaches the seeds, filtered by the green ground cover, the young wheat saplings will grow out, celebrating life.Proud of his experiments, Raju shares, \"Covering the fields with weeds and grass gives birth to microbes, earthworms and insects which bore holes in the soil and make it softer and porous. It collectively increases the fertility of the soil, resulting in a good harvest.\"Natural farming increases the fertility of the soil, whereas in chemical farming, it is on a constant decline, till there comes a point when the soil is rendered completely infertile. The organic fertilizer, the carbon, formed inside the soil is lost in the air after tillage as the soil's organic matter is broken down more rapidly. This increases the carbon dioxide level in the atmosphere, thus contributing to the global warming. A no-tillage technique gives hope for a solution to a worrying global problem.Raju Titus has 13.5 acres of land, of which twelve acres are used for farming. On eleven of this 12-acre farm, there is a dense forest of Subbool (Australian Agesia) which is a type of fodder for the animals and a good source of wood. Only one acre is used for agricultural purposes, that too without following the popular practices.Raju's farming is dictated by his requirement, not by what the market requires. He explains, \"One acre of land is sufficient for our need. We get foodgrains, fruits, milk and vegetables from it, which is sufficient for the need of our family. We sow wheat in winter, corn and green gram in summer and paddy in rain.\"The steps he is following for the last twenty-five years are of a famous Japanese agricultural scientist Masanobu Fukuoka, who practiced natural farming for years and wrote a book 'One Straw Revolution'. This natural agricultural practice is also believed to be popular in the United States of America .Typically considered to be the enemy of the crops, weeds are the backbone of natural farming. Raju has developed a friendly relationship with the weeds as they create the green zones in the field. When asked if these plants harm the crops, Raju replies, \"Not at all,\" adding, \"The roots of these plants and trees go deep thus strengthening the soil. The crops grow well under the shades of trees and plants. It also depends on how fertile your land is. Since our lands are fertile, the shade of trees doesn't adversely affect the crops.\"It is natural to believe that no-till farming is tough. People who hear of the methods adopted as a part of this natural farming usually tend to disbelieve. But seeing Raju's farm, the sceptics come away convinced.Natural farming is a way of life. It is an idea that can wipe out hunger as well as give life to other living beings and organisms. It provides pure air and water, creating equilibrium in the environment. It is called Rishi farming, named after the natural lifestyle of the Rishis whose intake comprised roots, fruits and milk. They grew high productivity food grains on a very small patch of land. They only sowed as much as they required, and no more. And natural farming showed the way.The Charkha Development Communication Network feels that perhaps the answers to global hunger lie in this earthy solution. By Baba Mayaram (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15102865", "title": "Yeto Vellipoyindi Manasu teaser gets good response", "text": "The teaser of Nani-Samantha starrer Yeto Vellipoyindi Manasu was released by the production house yesterday. It became an instant success amongst the youth who could not stop raving about the film's visuals and the on-screen chemistry between Nani and Samantha. The trailer is generating a good buzz in all the social networking sites and the lead cast is inundated with appreciation and accolade messages.The breezy entertainer is directed by Gautham Menon , who earlier launched Samantha in Telugu with the romantic movie \"Ye Maaya Chesave\". The ace director is now coming back with another love story flick to repeat the magic. Maestro Ilayaraja has scored the music for this film and Sony Music has bagged the audio rights. Yeto Vellipoyindi Manasu is being made simultaneously in Telugu and Tamil.Click here for the teaser", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15106308", "title": "New releases disappoint at the box-office", "text": "All the three releases of the week 'Mere Dost Picture Abhi Baki Hai', 'Gattu' and 'Chalo Driver' failed at the box-office.None from the three releases of this week managed to get an initial at the box-office. Suniel Shetty starrer Mere Dost Picture Abhi Baki Hai is a six-year old project which was repackaged with a new title. But with no face-value or entertainment value, audiences refused to accept this film. The Children Film Society Film Gattu won rave reviews but its still time before which a child protagonist film will gain a big audience in the country. And the third film Chalo Driver starring Kainaz Motivala (of Ragini MMS fame) as India's first female chauffer didn't meet a favourable response at the box-office either.Meanwhile earlier Bollywood releases continued to rule the box-office. Saif Ali Khan's Cocktail made Rs 12 crores in its second weekend but faced stiff competition from, not a Bollywood release but, Hollywood's The Dark Knight Rises . Rohit Shetty's Bol Bachchan continued to do good business even in its third week and is just short of a couple of crores to reach the Rs 100 crore mark.The coming week sees the release of Ekta Kapoor's ambitious Kyaa Super Kool Hai Hum , the sequel to her 2005 sex-comedy. The adult humour has certainly gone two steps ahead here and the film is making news for its bold content.The other releases include the film on a rock-band, Aalaap and another offbeat film called Harud directed by character actor Aamir Bashir.Top Hindi Films this WeekFilm: CocktailPosition: 1Director: Homi AdajaniaCast: Saif Ali Khan , Deepika Padukone , Diana PentyUpside: Decent performances, good humour, lighthearted and refreshing treatmentDownside: Conventional love triangle plot, predictable climax, second half dragsRunning Week: 2Trade Comments: Collected around Rs 12 crores in its second weekend. With no new big releases in Hindi one expected no competition for this film. But Hollywood's The Dark Knight Rises was a strong contender. HitFilm: Bol BachchanPosition: 2Director: Rohit ShettyCast: Ajay Devgn, Abhishek Bachchan , Prachi Desai , AsinUpside: Lighthearted film, some good funny moments, passable performancesDownside: Occasional overdose of formulaRunning Week: 3Trade Comments: Continues to do good business even in week 3. The second week collection is around Rs 90.93 crores at the box office and early estimated from its third weekend collections show that the film is just short of a couple of crores to reach Rs 100 crore mark.Film: Mere Dost Picture Abhi Baki HaiPosition: 3Director: Rajnish Raj ThakurCast: Suniel Shetty, Rajpal Yadav, Om Puri , Rakesh BediUpside: Good conceptDownside: Loud performances, bad directionRunning Week: 1Trade Comments: With no face-value, audiences refused to accept this six-year old repackaged product.Film: Gangs of WasseypurPosition: 4Director: Anurag KashyupCast: Manoj Bajpayee, Tigmanshu Dhulia, Nawazuddin Siddique, Richa ChaddaUpside: Brilliant performances by entire cast, Anurag Kashyup's smart direction and storytelling, good music, entertainment valueDownside: Abrupt and inconclusive end for a sequelRunning Week: 5Box-Office Verdict: HitFilm: Ferrari Ki SawariPosition: 5Director: Rajesh MapuskarCast: Sharman Joshi, Boman Irani, Ritvik SahoreUpside: Simple and well-told story, good performances, entire Ferrari angle in the storyDownside: Convenient endRunning Week: 6Box Office Verdict: Hit", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15098916", "title": "In a first, DMRC to construct three-level stations for Jaipur Metro", "text": "JAIPUR: The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) for the first time in the country will construct three-level Metro stations on single median pier in the Jaipur Metro project. These stations will be constructed at Ram Nagar and other railway stations.According to DMRC officials, using 'cantilever arm technique' on the Jaipur Metro from Mansarovar to Chandpol (9.2 km route) eight elevated metro stations will be constructed on a single median pier for the first time in the country. Out of the eight elevated stations, two will be three-level while remaining will be on two levels.\"It is being done for the first time in the country. The technique was adopted as the roads are narrow and in the conventional technique, more land was required and could affect many private properties,\" DMRC project director Lalit Meghnani said.\"As the city falls in seismic zone 2, it was feasible to construct the stations on single median pier,\" he informed.Officials said each station will be approximately 60 feet wide and will be constructed on eight pillars which will be in the centre. \"The width of the stations will be approximately 20 metre with 140 metre length. The height of the civil lines station will be 30 metre which will be the tallest among all,\" an official said.In Delhi, Gurgaon and Bangalore metro projects, piers are constructed on left and right sides to support the stations. \"If a station was constructed on three piers in Jaipur, many property owners would have been affected. In other cities, it was possible because the roads are wide,\" the official said.Apart from this there is other various civil constructions that the DMRC will do for the first time. \"The elevated road had already been proposed by the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) on Ajmer Road, which also had the metro route. The DMRC has taken up both the works and double-deck viaduct is being constructed. The elevated road height would be approximately 7 metres and the metro on this route will run at a height of 20 metres,\" said an official.Moreover, for the first time in the country, a sharp curve of 120 metre radius will be given by the DMRC in the city too. \"We will give curves of 120 metre radius between Ram Nagar and Shyam Nagar stations and the railway station and Sindhi Camp,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15098822", "title": "Cong workers celebrate Pranab Mukherjee's win", "text": "JAIPUR: It was 'Holi' and 'Deepawali' celebrated together at the Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) office here on Sunday after Pranab Mukherjee was elected 13th President of India.A sea of Congress workers was seen at the PCC office since morning as many of them had already anticipated the victory of Mukherjee who has marked a new journey after over four decades of active politics.The moment it was clear that Mukherjee, a UPA nominee, got more than five lakh votes and defeated P A Sangama, several of the Congress workers went on an unending jubilation at the PCC office. Sangma, who was backed by BJP and some other Opposition parties like AIADMK, could manage to get only 2,57,466 vote value.The Congress workers were seen splashing colours, distributing sweets and burst firecrackers. Many shouted slogans and even danced to drum beats.PCC chief Chandrabhan termed the win of Pranab Mukherjee as win of the democratic system in the country. \"A man who has thorough knowledge of parliamentary affairs and the Constitution has been elected as the President of India. It is going to strengthen the democratic system of the country,\" he said.Meanwhile, chief minister Ashok Gehlot rushed to New Delhi to greet the newly elected President of India. \"The country has already accepted Pranab Mukherjee as President the day UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi announced his name,\" Gehlot said in a statement.Terming Mukherjee as the suitable person for the post, Gehlot said, \"Since he has served the country for five decades, this is the reason why UPA and its allies supported him for the President.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15098841", "title": "Pediatrician killed in road accident", "text": "JAIPUR: A pediatrician working at a private hospital was killed on Sunday after the motorcycle he was driving was hit by a rashly driven truck coming from the opposite direction at Sikar road area in the city.The incident took place during the early hours when the doctor identified as Praveen Kejariwal (40) was returning back home after attending a patient at Barala hospital where he used to work, police said.The bike was hit by a rashly driven truck coming from opposite direction. Following the collision, the victim down and his head hit the road.Soon after the accident, some passers-by informed the police about it while a few others also informed the 108 ambulance.The victim was rushed to the SMS hospital where he was declared brought dead, police said.\"He was wearing a helmet still he sustained grave head injuries,\" an officer with the Accident (West) police station said on Sunday.Police said the doctor used to work for the JK Lon hospital earlier and had resigned some time back.When the news of the sudden death of the doctor reached his Vidhyadhar Nagar situated residence, his wife and two daughters were in grief. People living in the neighbourhood were awake and seen consoling the family.A case under Section 304-A of the IPC was lodged against the truck driver who managed to flee from the scene, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15099342", "title": "Chavan returned Rs 69L paid for Adarsh flats", "text": "MUMBAI: Former Maharashtra chief minister and Adarsh scam accused Ashok Chavan returned Rs 69 lakh paid by Malav Shah, son of his close aide and builder Jayant Shah, for his two flats in Adarsh. He returned the money after a PIL was filed in 2010 questioning the controversial allotments in the housing society, the CBI's chargesheet filed on July 4 said.According to the 38-page synopsis which is part of the over 10,000-page chargesheet, as quid pro quo for relaxing FSI norms, Chavan's relatives \u2014 mother-in-law Bhagvati Sharma and his father-in-law's brother Madanlal Sharma \u2014 were allotted flats. After the chargesheet was filed, Chavan had stated that the CBI case was a conspiracy by his rivals to malign him.The chargesheet states that the amount of Rs 70 lakh \u2014 the cost of each of the two flats \u2014 was paid by Malav Shah. \"Of the said amount, Rs 55 lakh and Rs 14 lakh was returned after a PIL was filed in the matter on November 19, 2010,\" the chargesheet reads.The document also states that Madanlal Sharma was not entitled to become a member of the society as he already owned a flat in his name in Andheri and this was a violation of a government resolution (GR). The chargesheet says that Chavan had sought induction of civilian members in order to obtain favours for his kin. His sister-in-law, Seema Vinod Sharma, had made an application to become a member of the society. Her name figures in the list of 71 members prepared on August 23, 2002. She was allotted a flat in Adarsh.The CBI filed the chargesheet against 13 politicians, bureaucrats and retired military officers earlier this month. The case involving the 31-storeyed tower in tony Colaba had led to Chavan stepping down as CM in 2010 and seven high-profile personalities, including former BMC chief Jairaj Phatak and retired military officers, being arrested.Elaborating on Chavan's role, the chargesheet says that as state revenue minister he met with other accused \u2014 chief promoter R C Thakur, president of Adarsh CHS Brigadier (retd) M M Wanchoo and then MLC Kanhaiyalal Gidwani \u2014 on June 2, 2000.\"This is evident from the letter dated June 2, 2000, submitted by the Adarsh society to Chavan immediately after the meeting along with the list of 31 members from the defence services and the willingness to accommodate 40% civilian members as against the original list of 40 members from defence service which was submitted on April 10, 2000, to the city collector.'' This resulted in a change of complexion of the society and allowed the entry of civilians as members.(Inputs by Rajshri Mehta)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15104728", "title": "CBI wants to break my moral, says Baba Ramdev", "text": "INDORE: After politicians, now Baba is also accusing Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to act a political instrument of the government. Baba Ramdev blames that CBI wants to break his moral before upcoming August 9 movement by taking action against his close aides.\"Action against my close aids will not deter me from going ahead with the movement against black money. They (union government) tried earlier also to silence my voice and now they are trying to break my moral, but I am determined to fight against black money,\" said Ramdev adding that his close aid Balakrishna was arrested on false charges. When they failed to find any wrong in our working and our conduct, now they are using false ground to tarnish my image.Ramdev said that union government put its all agency in action to find against us after my protest over black money in Delhi, but they failed. Then they started targeting my close aides. First they said that Balakrishna is not an Indian national, they failed again to prove it.When they failed in it, Balkrishna was made accused of using fake certificate for making passport. \"Degree certificate is not required for making passport, then why anyone will use fake certificate for it,\" argued Ramdev adding that Balkrishna is using that passport for last 15 years and now it become fake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15101019", "title": "Residents of Pakistan town condole Khanna's death", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Residents of Burewala, the birthplace of Rajesh Khanna in Pakistan's southern Punjab province, held a prayer meeting on Sunday for the late film star.Candles were lit and a five-minute silence was observed as hundreds of his fans and old-timers attended the prayer meeting.Khanna was born in Burewala in 1942 and his ancestral house is still intact in H-block locality. \"Burewala has countless fans of Khanna. At the prayer meet, town elders shared stories about Khanna's family,\" said Nadeem Mushtaq Ramay, a journalist and resident.Rana Mohammad Sarwar , current headmaster of the school where Khanna's father Lala Hiranand Khanna served as headmaster from 1931 to 1947 said, \"We have checked the school records that showed Jatin Khanna (Kaka's original name) and his brother were born at Burewala. They also studied at our school.\"Most residents of H-block locality of Burewala, where Khanna ancestral house is situated, attended the prayer meet. \"There is no divide between India and Pakistan. We share the same emotions and same heroes. I plan to visit Kaka's Mumbai house with some friends soon,\" said Imran Khan , a student.A Ludhiana resident, who is a frequent visitor to Pakistan , specifically Burewala, had also sent pictures of Rajesh Khanna's house and his old school to the superstar at his Mumbai address in 2004 and in April 2012. \"Whenever I went to Burewala, I found people were so enthusiastic about Kaka that I wanted to draw his attention towards his fans at his birthplace. I sent a letter and pictures clicked in Burewala, at Kaka's Mumbai address twice but did not get any response,\" Manjitinder Singh Johal, 42, a resident of Mandiani village of Ludhiana, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mirati, kirnahar", "code": "15099973", "title": "Mirati tepid to famous son's feat", "text": "MIRATI, KIRNAHAR: The drumbeats can be heard as soon as one enters Mirati. The sound comes from Mukherjee Bhavan, the President-elect's ancestral house. The house is freshly painted and refurbished. Half-a-dozen drummers play in the courtyard on Sunday.Dancing listlessly to the beat is Srikanta Mondal, president of the local Congress unit. \"Can you imagine someone becoming President from a remote village? I have never been able to dream big. But Pranabda had the capability and the courage to dream and look where he has reached today,\" he says. Pranab reaches summit\"I am putting up this show for TV cameras,\" he says. \"People here aren't that enthusiastic. The Congress does not have a following here. I think many are yet to realize what a feat a fellow villager has achieved. In any case, Pranabda has always maintained a low profile,\" says Mondal.Outside, Mukherjee's Man Friday Rabi Chatterjee is organizing a procession as soon as news of his election arrives from Delhi. A few people begin to assemble. Chatterjee has sent emissaries to neighbouring villages to muster up a big group to make the celebratory show lively on television. \"People here are lazy,\" he says, before turning to a couple of TV journalists, assuring them there will be a crowd by 3pm.College student Mahua Sen, who manages her father's tea-stall 100ft away from the Mukherjee home, wonders what the hoopla is about. \"We have seen so little of him except during Durga Puja that he doesn't quite seem one of us,\" she says. Akash Purakayasta, also a first year BA student, says: \"Can you imagine a finance minister's native village still languishing in a state of under-development?\" That is the grouse locals have nursed about the most accomplished man to ever emerge from the village.At Mukherjee's eldest sister Annapurna Banerjee's home in Kirnahar, everyone is all smiles when the news is announced on TV. \"Many years ago, when mother and I had gone to meet him in Delhi, I had told him he would be President one day. That was in jest. Not even in my wildest dream did I think he would be so. It's the most amazing day for the family,\" she said. Though she wished she could attend the swearing in, pain in the joints has put such plans to rest. Her son Atanu will attend. Mukherjee's other sisters\u2014Krishna, Swagata and Jharna\u2014who live in Kolkata, will also be there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15098934", "title": "City brief", "text": "Uddhav to be discharged todayShiv Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray, who underwent angioplasty on Friday at Lilavati Hospital, will be discharged on Monday. He was supposed to go home on Sunday. \"He is doing perfectly fine. It is his decision as to when he would like to be back home,\" said Dr Jalil Parkar, chest physician and a panelist of Uddhav's medical team.10 more test positive for H1N1Ten more people, including three children, tested positive for H1N1 on Sunday, taking the total number of positive cases in the city to 151 since January. Of those who tested positive on Sunday are two Vikhroli residents and a 20-year-old woman from Mahim. \"All the patients are stable and have been put on Tamiflu,\" said Mangala Gomare, an epidemiologist with the BMC.Builder, broker booked for fraudA builder and a real estate agent have been booked for cheating by the Borivli police. No arrests have been made so far. The accused allegedly duped two persons of Rs 52.8 lakh by promising to get them a flat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15098783", "title": "Nagpur court orders action against police officer", "text": "NAGPUR: Chief judicial magistrate (Wardha), DH Sharma, directed the police on July 17 to register offences against the investigation officer for shielding the culprits in a fraud case. The court has asked the Wardha police to reinvestigate the matter and also acquitted the accused father and daughter duo in the case.The court observed that the then sub-inspector Shivaji Bachate had conducted a half-hearted probe in the case in which 81-year-old Keshav Molekar and his daughter Shalini were implicated.It was alleged that Shalini had furnished forged documents to claim her status as project affected person for securing a job as a teacher at a municipal council school in Deoli. Shalini and her father contended that she had got the teacher's job as a regular candidate in the open quota.The court rejected the prosecution's claims after observing that the charges against the father and daughter could not be proved with the evidences and witnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15099612", "title": "Residents up in arms against councillor's plan", "text": "MADURAI: The decision by the councillor of the 30th ward to arbitrarily tap ground water in one part of his ward for the benefit of people living in the other section was vehemently opposed by the residents there that the police had to interfere in solving the issue. The police also asked the corporation authorities not to carry out the works without the consent of the immediate beneficiaries.Madurai Corporation's 30th ward borders the Vandiyur tank, which is their main ground water source. This ward was brought under the corporation recently, until which it was under the Melamadai panchayat. During the panchayat days, there was a rule that residents consciously limit the circumference of their borewells to four-and-a-half inches and larger borewells were not allowed. But, now the corporation had decided to lay an eight inch borewell to the depth of about 600 feet and draw about one-and-a-half lakh litres per day to meet the needs of the people living about half-a-kilometre away. Laying a large borewell would drastically affect the groundwater of this residential area, which was already reeling under water issues, with people having to pump water about five times a day to meet their needs of about 200 litres per day. The councillor's proposal to draw over one lakh litres from the ground in a place surrounded by over 100 houses would lead to fresh water problems in this ward. The residents, including women and children opposed the digging of a borewell, demanding that the corporation should resort to laying a bore in the Vandiyur tank, which is more feasible and solves the water problem.Lakshmi Narasimman, a resident, said that creating a problem to solve another could not be accepted. These residents have now decided to knock the doors of justice, if the corporation does not heed to their request.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15105170", "title": "Shiv Sena leader Uddhav Thackeray discharged from hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena leader Uddhav Thackeray, who underwent a successful angioplasty at Lilavati hospital here on Friday, was discharged on Monday.Uddhav, 52, drove to the Thackeray family home 'Matoshree' in suburban Bandra in the afternoon after being discharged from the hospital, a Sena spokesperson said.The Sena executive president underwent angioplasty to remove coronary blockages.Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief and Uddhav's estranged cousin Raj Thackeray was by his side on Friday. He, however, was not at the hospital on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "15100068", "title": "Daily commuters want more coaches in Gujarat Queen", "text": "BHARUCH: Since 35 years, Ahmedabad-Valsad Gujarat Queen has been the lifeline for lakhs of commuters. However, the massive increase in number of passengers is causing serious problems for daily commuters, mainly those going for work in other cities and students.The result is that the heavy rush is leading to quarrels between passengers who come to blows and hurl expletives. Women are put in an uncomfortable situation most of the times.Passengers say that there is a dire need to increase the number of coaches to ease the situation.Jayant Vyas, who works with a nationalized bank in Nadiad and travels from Kosamba daily, said, \"I board Gujarat Queen at 6:15 am and reach Nadiad at 9:30 am. The rush is so heavy that we see fights daily. Passengers have even sent a memorandum to Congress leader Ahmed Patel in this regard but nothing has happened still.\"Mansi Velani, a student of MS University at Vadodara who commutes daily from Bharuch, said, \"There is only one women's coach which gets packed in no time. There is barely a place to stand and girls have to board general coaches. There is a need for more women coaches to be added.\"Rekha Patel, 49, who boards the train from Bharuch to Maninagar daily, said, \"A group of pass-holders harassed me when I boarded the train for the first time, as I was late. When I boarded the general coach, few vacant seats very preoccupied in the name of daily commuters by a group. A group of male commuters were talking about porn and using foul language. When I tried to stop them, a group of 10 people started abusing me. Finally, I switched over the coach at Baroda station.\"In-charge ticket collector in Gujarat Queen also confirmed about such incidents of harassment as a routine affair and notorious elements making life difficult for daily commuters, especially women. However, he pointed out that though police personnel are deputed some of the notorious elements are fearless. These elements mostly board from Kosamba, Bharuch, Palej and Nadiad.He also confirms that there is an immediate need of additional women and AC chair car coaches.Rajendra Sinh Rana, president of Bharuch District Congress Committee, said, \"The representation has already been made a few days back to Ahmedbhai Patel at Delhi and he is going to take this matter with the railway ministry soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15099524", "title": "M S University's students gear up to host 'Prerna' at Faculty of Technology and Engineering", "text": "VADODARA: Students of M S University's Faculty of Technology and Engineering (FTE) are gearing up to host - Prerna - the national level social event that is entering into its seventh year. Organized with the aim to provide platform to the differently-abled to showcase their hidden talents, Prerna will be held this year on July 28 and July 29.The organizing team is expecting differently-abled participants not only from Gujarat but also from cities like Jaipur and Mumbai, who will showcase their skills.\"This time we will organize disabled volley-ball and blind cricket tournament. Also, Prerna this year will witness a live performance by 'Ability Unlimited' - the leading dance group of differently-abled, which is Guinness world record holder group that has staged its performance on popular television shows. This group is performing for the first time in Gujarat,\" said FTE student Sahil Sharma.While the organizers are expecting around 1,500 differently-abled students to participate, the events are categorized as per disability of the participants.\"We will be organizing 'antakshari', braille writing, chess, clay-modelling, dancing, marble-finding, mimicry, singing for the blind while events like carom, ceramic painting, mehendi, mimicry, pot-designing, rangoli will be for the deaf and dumb. Similarly, events will be held for mentally challenged and physically handicapped,\" said another student Kaushal Patel.\"Apart from the 30 events for the differently-abled, we will be organizing seven events for visitors, which include 'click-o-pic'(a photography event), 'vision-du-reel' (documentary film making event) , 'touch of colour' (t-shirt painting event) and other adventure events like 'search thy soul', 'in their shoes', 'sixth sense' and our newest event this year 'the mime time',\" added Sharma.\"'Search thy soul' and the mime time are interactive events in which both normal people and differently-abled people will participate together so as to help create a strong bond between them,\" said Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103891", "title": "The way ahead for Company Secretary", "text": "More and more students are joining the Company Secretary course today, says SC Sharadha, secretary, Bangalore Chapter, Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI). Also, she sees a much younger profile of those joining the course. These are some of the trends that she observes in the industry today.She explains, \"Earlier, the eligibility was graduation. But now, the eligibility criterion has been lowered. Students can join the course after second PUC or plus two. So, I see a high influx of students at 18 or 19 years. Also, students of today want multiple degrees.\" So, there are some who do their chartered accountancy plus BCom and CS.The trend has also been encouraged by colleges which create a suitable environment for students who wish to add on the company secretary/ other courses. Sharadha adds, \"Some colleges have made it a part of the curriculum. Or they hold regular BCom classes between 7.30 am-11.30 am, so that students have time for CS or CA or ICWA courses.\" Some colleges even have tie-ups with the ICSI to impart expertise.Many young women now join the CS course, she adds. \"In a class of 70 students, I see that more than 30-35 are girls. This is good as there will be a supply of more women company secretaries in future.\"It's mostly BCom students who join the course, and some from the BBM stream, while very few from BSc opt to become company secretaries. However, there are a few doctors and engineers who join the course because it is helpful for those who want to become entrepreneurs. \"This course gives a good perspective of all the legalities involved in running a business,\" she says. The upside of doing the course is that you start at the managerial level in a company and report to the CEO or managing director. You also get a chance to interact with the board of a company when very young. In addition, starting salaries are Rs 25,000 a month, though there have been students who have begun at Rs 30,000 or Rs 35,000 month. Besides, if you are good at managing both a BCom and CS course, you could complete the CS course by the time you complete your graduation. What's also attractive is that you do not spend a fortune on the course. Emerging areas in the profession are specialisation in intellectual property rights and indirect tax. Also, at the national level, collaborations are on with countries like the UK and Malaysia which enable one to qualify in India and get exemptions so one can study/ get employment opportunities in those countries.Roadmap to do CSRegister after II PU/ plus two Do the foundation course After the foundation level, register for the executive level Before taking up the executive level, complete the student induction programme (SIP) which orients you to the CS course. Next is the professional level. Between the two levels, you must do the executive development programme (EDP) There is also a 15-month training or apprenticeship under a company secretary, which can be done before or after the professional levelCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15100691", "title": "City lights", "text": "Kaka as TaxpayerThe late Rajesh Khanna was known for his unabashed self-love . A wellknown mediaperson recalls a 1979 interview in which the beloved actor says, 'My mother is not supposed to eat sweet things. So I dip my finger in her nimboo pani and tell her that she doesn't need to add sugar. It is now sweet.'This was not a trait that mellowed with age. In one of its routine articles, a newspaper had carried the names of the top taxpayers from the film world. Along with the predictable Akshay Kumar and Shah Rukh Khan was a surprise wild card - Rajesh Khanna. Naturally, the media caught on to it and the next thing we knew, he was being interviewed by all and sundry on his newfound sources of income. Rather than clarify that this taxpayer was not him, but another Rajesh Khanna who rules over the financial sector , he blithely perpetuated the mythology and said that he was, indeed, on to something big. Why blow the lid of something that sounded good? The movie business was, and always will be, about image.And Some MoreRajesh Khanna's superstardom in the 1970s, indeed, spawned a mythology around the actor - stories , facts and gossip, all rolled into one. If you knew that a spiritual master guided Kaka's celluloid destiny from a suburban lair, then you belonged to the inner circle of the Anand and Ittefaq actor's admirers. Khanna, or so went the story , would quietly slip into the forest of Jogeshwari once a fortnight and meditate with the master. Two ferocious tigers stood guard outside his lair. A band which Khanna sported on his wrist was his prasad - made of tiger's hair, no less.A grey, drab building in Goregaon was rumoured to have been owned by the superstar . As the Khanna craze grew, the four-storeyed building attracted countless onlookers, disrupting the peace of the leafy Pandurang Wadi enclave. Residents of the building loved the attention , though.Khanna's guru shirt kept the cash-boxes jingling at the khadi and village industry stores across the country. Copies of a pocketsize Khanna biography in Hindi flooded the market as he delivered 16 back-toback superhits between 1969 and 1973. Aradhana took the nation by storm with S D Burman's sumptuous numbers such as 'Kora kagaz thaa yeh man mera', 'Roop tera mastana' and, of course, 'Mere sapnon ki raani kab aayegee tu'. Countless paan-beedi shops, haircutting saloons and cutpiece centres were named after the 1969 blockbuster.Police had to be summoned when Hrishikesh Mukherjee was shooting for Namak Haram at a suburban film studio. The shoot had to be postponed by an hour so that the actor could meet his admirers. Such was his magnetism.Competitive SpiritFor the second year in a row, state-level winners of Olympiads were treated to much of the pomp and grandeur that international performers attract. At a recent event where seven international winners of the Mathematics Olympiad from Maharashtra were felicitated , 200 others from the state and Goa were also recognized for their efforts. The Science Olympiad Foundation (SOF) rewarded them with a cash prize too. The seven students who made it to the international contest won Rs 1 lakh each. The SOF organizes four exams annually-Science , Mathematics, Cyber and English Olympiads. Shourya Pandey, a Class VIII student of Ryan International School, Navi Mumbai, ranked first in the Mathematics Olympiad. The thrilled student said the cash prize was an unexpected reward . Samarjit Sahoo of Cambridge School, winner of Cyber Olympiad, was just as elated. \"The idea is to propel the youth to work harder , and more importantly sustain their efforts in other academic pursuits,\" said Rajan Marwaha, corporate director, SOF.Talk TimeWhen it pours, the city emanates warmth in response. That Mumbai's ready-to-help nature cannot be washed away was evident during a recent heavy downpour at the Bandra-Kurla Complex outside the US consulate . As almost 400 people queued up with their visa applications and a few hundred more huddled on the pavement opposite, almost all were soaked head to toe or nearly there. While answering a call in the vicinity, one visitor's cellphone fell into a puddle. Even as she assumed the worst, a young man waiting in a car for his mother's return from her visa interview , warmed the cellphone and its battery against the car heater. That's till the police manning the road shooed him away. Soon, another Samaritan turned up in the form of a driver of a top civic honcho, who continued the drying process. The phone survived the monsoon accident and reinforced why one loves the city.(Contributed by Ambarish Mishra, Yogita Rao and Swati Deshpande. Compiled by Rucha Biju Chitrodia)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15098318", "title": "Performance of Sauber really strong: Kobayashi", "text": "Hockenheim proved to be a happy hunting ground for Sauber F1 team this weekend. After a poor qualifying session with drivers Kamui Kobayashi and Sergio Perez starting 12th and 17th on the grid, Sauber managed to come away with 20 championship points on Sunday.The team's performance in this week's German Grand Prix strengthened their position at sixth place in the Constructor's Championship with 80 points ahead of closest rivals Williams on 47 points. The team is still trailing Mercedes GP though by 25 points.Kobayashi in the process recorded his best show of the season with a fourth place finish, benefitting from a three place penalty handed out to Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel .\"I am very happy for the team that we have managed to get a good result again. We have been unlucky in the two most recent races, and also had a bad qualifying yesterday. The performance of our car, especially in the dry, is really strong,\" the Japanese driver said on Sunday.The team struggled with the rain in Saturday's qualifying session, as the car was set up for the dry conditions. \"If we only had qualified better we could have achieved even more today. At the beginning of the race it was a bit difficult on the medium tyres, but our strategy was good. Considering where we came from, 20 points is an excellent result,\" he added.Young Mexican driver Perez also put in a strong drive, going from 17th position up to sixth. \"I am so pleased for all of us that we have recovered after we had such a bad qualifying. We have shown a strong pace in the race. However, my strategy was a little bit compromised because I had to do my first pit stop a bit earlier than planned.\"I felt something strange on the left hand side of the car \u2014 perhaps it was a puncture \u2014 but I don't really know yet what it was. This obviously meant we had to extend the later stint and I ended up with quite old tyres. The team did a great job today and this will give us a good boost for next week's race in Budapest ,\" the 22-year-old said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15099963", "title": "CAT 2012 countdown begins", "text": "INDORE: The countdown for the MBA aspirants has begun. The common admission test (CAT) committee has officially announced the dates of the test to be conducted later this year. CAT 2012 will be coordinated by the Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Kozhikode on behalf of 12 other IIMs and other participating institutes in the examination.This year the examination will be a 27-day affair starting from October 11, 2012 and concluding on November 6, 2012. According to the committee notification, like previous year, it will be a computer-based test and will have two sections of one hour and ten minutes duration each. There will be 30 questions in each section including quantitative ability and data interpretation, verbal ability and logical reasoning.Before commencement of examination candidates will be given a 15-minute tutorial about the scheme of examination. The total duration will be two hours and 35 minutes including the tutorial. \"There are no significant changes to the CAT this year,\" informed the convenor of examination, S S S Kumar. \"Over the past 3 years, IIMs and Prometric have been reviewing and improving the process to provide a smooth experience for candidates,\" added Kumar.Sale of vouchers will start from July 30, 2012 and will continue until September 17, 2012. Aspirants can register between July 30, 2012 and September 19, 2012. The test days this year are from October 11, 2012 to November 6, 2012. The results will be announced on January 9, 2013.This year, apart from the IIMs, more than 130 B-schools across the country are subscribing to CAT score. The number of CAT aspirants peaked in 2008 when 2.76 lakh aspirants registered for the test, which was a pen and paper mode test then. The year 2009 not only marked the CAT shifting to computer-based mode, but it also remained one of the most controversial with major technical snags being reported from across centres raising serious questions on the test, because of which the testing window was extended to 20 days in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15101935", "title": "Words can't express the horror I feel: Christian Bale", "text": "Batman actor Christian Bale has spoken for the first time about the massacre which killed 12 and injured 58 at a midnight showing of his new movie in a Denver cinema.The star expressed horror and grief for the victims of Friday's shooting spree in a statement released by his spokeswoman Jennifer Allen.He said, \"Words cannot express the horror that I feel. I cannot begin to truly understand the pain and grief of the victims and their loved ones, but my heart goes out to them.\"James Holmes, 24, is in police custody and accused of the crime in which 58 others were injured.Holmes also is accused of booby-trapping his apartment in the Denver suburb of Aurora, Colorado, before the rampage.Police also say they are probing an adult website advert apparently set up by Holmes. The AdultFriendFinder page of \"ClassicJimbo\", 24, shows a man who looks like Holmes with dyed red hair.The user, who admits he is not well-endowed, states, \"Looking for a fling or casual sex gal. Am a nice guy. Well,as nice enough of a guy who does these sort of shenanigans.\"He also writes - \"Will you visit me in prison?\"Source: mirror.co.uk", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15105079", "title": "Vineeth is keen on a break", "text": "Actor-director Vineeth Sreenivasan is basking in the success of his latest movie, Thattathin Marayathu. The young director who was busy with the romantic flick is planning to take a break now.\"There are lot of acting offers that is coming my way. But so far, I haven't received any script that excites me,\" says the actor. \"At least for the next four to five months, I'm not planning to work on anything,\" he informs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15099944", "title": "Tailor-made for job market", "text": "Today's competitive job market mandates aspirants gaining adequate experience in their area of study. When graduates try for their dream job, it is often lack of practical knowledge that comes as a stumbling block in their way.Here is where the SDM Institute for Management Development in the city plays a vital role. Students of the college get hands-on experience in various aspects of management, including planning, organizing, staffing, leading and directing a group or an organization.Working as members of committees for sports, admission, placement, magazine, alumnus and for organizing cultural events gives the much-needed experience and skills that will come in handy when they step out of the college. \"The number of members depends on the necessity of the committee. It varies from six to sixteen members,\" says Gowtham K R, student coordinator. A person who has been selected for one committee cannot be part of another committee.\"Students gain practical knowledge about what they learn theoretically in classrooms,\" says Dwarakanath, instructor and trainer, Wellness Management at SDMIMD. Students are given liberty to plan and work as a group, but the final approval is given by the committee, he adds. Ashwini Mahadev, second year PGDM, says the committee plays a big role in transforming students into managers.According to Nijo John, member of Teach @ Government School Initiative, teaching languages to students of nearby government schools is an attempt to connect to the outer world and understand the real issues. \"The initiative not only gives us an insight into building the future citizens, but also helps to put in practice the theoretical knowledge we have learned,\" Nijo says.This kind of education teaches the qualities of a true manager who can balance the odds and the importance of commitment, teamwork and leadership, says Gowri Rao, a second year student.Arun Shan, member of one such committee, says the members of the placement cell get to interact with the market champions and understand the market expectations.Best project awardStudents of environmental engineering department of Vidya Vardaka College of Engineering bagged the best project award for their project 'Bio-enrapturement of chromium using live aspergillus niger' at a recent event held by the Karnataka State Council for Science and Technology at SDMI, Ujjire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15104439", "title": "Karnataka govt to start integrated medicine-and-music therapy in hospitals", "text": "BANGALORE: Think about delivering a baby while hearing music of your choice in labour room, soon it will be a reality in hospitals run under the Medical Education Department of Karnataka. The government on Monday announced its plan to open the Centers of Integrative Medicine (CIM) in four hospitals in Karnataka including two hospitals in Bangalore.Announcing the project, Medical Education minister S A Ramdas said that the pilot project will be initiated in Bangalore Medical College and Research Center, Karnataka Institute of Medical Sciences, Hubli and a Music therapy center at Vanivilas Hospital in Bangalore and Cheluvamba hospital in MysoreHospitals attached to the Bangalore Medical college like Victoria General and Vani Vilas and the KIMS in Hubli will operate Ayurveda, Yoga, Naturopathy and Homeopathy to treat the patients of diabetes, hypertension, obesity, HIV, Cancer and Infertility , said the minister.\"Karnataka is the first State in India to introduce integrative medicines in mainstream government hospitals. An expert committee including a physician, a psychiatrist and qualified practitioner of integrated medicines will train a team of 37 doctors and therapists in 4 hospitals from August 14 this year. The OPD will start from November 1, 2012,\" said Ramdas.Government will spend Rs. 1.25 crore in center every year to start the project. The decision to start alternative medicine therapies in mainstream government hospitals was taken after a five-member committee appointed by the ministry submitted a report last week.\"Yoga and music therapy have worked in reducing stress during pregnancy. Music therapy is helpful for a woman to deliver a baby naturally,\" said Dr R Nagarathna, a committee member and Dean, SVYASA University.Dr Sudha, Director, Soukya and also a committee member said: \"Non communicable diseases like hypertension and diabetes can be controlled by alternative medicines. But proper diet, yoga and Ayurveda also help in controlling CT4 counts of HIV patients. The study was conducted on a group of 20 HIV+ patients and it showed improvement in their mental and physical strength.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15099609", "title": "MP minister moves consumer forum against Air India", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh agriculture minister Brajendra Pratap Singh has lodged a complaint with the consumer forum against Air India (AI) for not allowing him to board its Delhi-bound flight from Raja Bhoj Airport here en-route to the US last month despite carrying a valid ticket.\"Singh lodged a complaint against Air India with the district consumer forum here recently after returning from New York for not allowing him in its flight on June 23 despite carrying a proper ticket,\" official sources said on Sunday. He sought compensation from AI for \"damaging his social image\" by denying him boarding pass and also demanded fare of an aircraft that he had to arrange to reach Delhi, they said. Singh has said he was not given the boarding pass for the Airbus 320 aircraft as it has capacity for 168 passengers while tickets were booked for 170.The minister maintained that he was not allowed to board even though he reached the airport at 8.10 am for the flight scheduled to leave for Delhi at 9.10 am. AI officials on duty had told Singh at the check-in counter that he could not be accommodated as the plane was full to its capacity, the sources said. The officials had said five or seven additional tickets are usually issued anticipating cancellations. Singh returned from the airport and went to Delhi by the state government plane, they said. However, Manohar Dubey, deputy secretary, Public Services Guarantee, who was accompanying the minister and was standing in front of him in the queue, was allowed to board the plane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15098268", "title": "Life has been a nightmare since our daughter died: Parents of Mahi", "text": "GURGAON: It's been over a month since four-year-old Mahi died after falling in an abandoned borewell near her house in Kasan village during her birthday celebration. For the parents of the deceased child, every day since the tragic incident has been nothing short of a nightmare.Neeraj Upadhyay, Mahi father said, \"It's been a tough time for us. Sonia, my wife, becomes inconsolable every now and then whenever she is reminded of the ghastly incident. She gets restless and keeps looking at Mahi's photographs.\"The family had gone to their native place in Aligarh after the tragedy to perform Mahi's last rites. They returned on July 12 and shifted to a nearby village as they could not find strength to live in the same accommodation in Kasan. Moreover, that building has been sealed by the administration after tenants were asked to vacate the place.Upadhyay said he was clueless on what basis the administration had earlier made a statement that the family had removed the stone covering the borewell to accommodate an auto carrying a DJ set for Mahi's birthday celebration. \"There was a small get-together of relatives. We can't afford such expenses like a DJ set,\" Upadhyay said.He went on to add, \"I have refuted this charge when I gave my statement to the additional deputy commissioner, K M Pandurang under the magisterial enquiry. Surprisingly, the sarpanches of Kasan, Kho and Manesar villages have stated that I got DJ set. My question is then what were doing at that time and why did they not ask me to cover back the borewell, if at all I removed the stone?\"The family wants strict action against those responsible for the tragedy. \"Not only should the house owner Rohtas Tayal be taken to task, strict action should also be taken against the in charge of the house who did not tell us about the depth of the borewell. He did not make any efforts to cover it with slab and just put a few bricks like cement structure which was easy to move and got displaced on the night of incident.\"Haryana's chief minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda had announced that Mahi's family would be 'adequately compensated,' and that the people accountable will be brought to book. However, the family is still to get any such assistance. However, there are rumours abound that they have received compensation from the Haryana government. ,\"Whenever my wife steps out of home, there are people who would stop her and ask how many lakhs we have got. In reality, I have been making the rounds of government %offices and have been approaching the residents of the same building where we used to live, requesting them to give their statement to the ADC,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "rajula (amreli)", "code": "15099482", "title": "Thirst forcing lions into villages", "text": "RAJULA (AMRELI): Rajula or Jafrabad and they will give you the exact location of lions in the area. For villagers around these two coastal towns it has become a routine affair to watch lions in their surrounding villages on their cars and bikes. Forest department officials said, there are nearly 44 lions in Rajula and Jafrabad area found mostly on private land and out of the protected area. This is causing immense disturbance to the wild cat, said wildlife activists.\"There are no restrictions here. As a result, lions are being disturbed by those who go to watch them. We have repeatedly asked the forest department to increase the night patrolling to control such situation but no actions have been taken. As a result, lion-human conflicts have increased in the area. It is known that lions do not attack humans unless disturbed,'' said Vipul Laheri, honorary wildlife warden, Amreli district.Wildlife activists say that the natural water resources have been encroached in the area and artificial water points constructed by forest department are not being filled forcing the lions to venture into human habitats to quench thirst. \"Water for wildlife is a major problem in the area. Three years ago, 19 artificial water points were constructed but most are dry. Lions have been seen at water points for cattle in villages,\" Laheri said.Sources said, two months ago lions chased several people who went to watch them in Agariya village. Many suffered fractures while trying to escape. \"Such incidents are common here. The incidents only came into light when lions kill humans,\" Laheri added. According to sources, in the last 15 months six lion attack incidents have been reported with the forest department. Two persons were also killed in three months in the same area. Forest departmentOfficials confirm that water points are not being filled in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15100530", "title": "Visitors make a beeline for dates and honey fest", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The two-week long 'Dates and Honey Festival', organized by the Prakruthi Arogya Vichara Vedi, that got underway at the Bhagyamala auditorium here is proving to be a crowd-puller.The festival has on display a wide variety of high quality dates and honey sold at prices lower than the market price. \"The honey available at the expo is one of the purest forms unlike the ones normally available in supermarkets,\" said Prakruthi Arogya Vichara Vedi secretary M A Maheen.\"There are around 30 varieties of sweet and normal dates, including the popular Fardh and Khajur varieties, on sale at the festival,\" said Maheen. The dates, including varieties imported from countries like Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Iran, Iraq and Oman, will be sold at prices ranging between Rs 80 and Rs 125 per kg, depending on the variety.The honey varieties on display include 'vanthen', 'cheruthen' and 'kaatuthen'. The exotic Coorg variety, priced at Rs 350 per 100ml, is the most expensive one. Apart from honey, various honeybee varieties are also on display at the show.Separate refreshment stalls where food items made out of dates and honey, including juices, payasam and halwas, are set up at the exhibition. 'Honey soap', a popular item of the last edition is also back. \"After the response we got last year, we have decided to bring in larger quantities with improved quality too,\" said the secretary. \"This year, we have also made provisions for setting up stalls selling organic fruits from neighbouring states,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15099489", "title": "Rajula MLA's car attacked in Amreli", "text": "RAJKOT: Rajula BJP MLA Hira Solanki has come under scanner for insisting on watching a captured lion at Mota Barman village in Khambha taluka of Amreli district on Saturday afternoon, which resulted in his men allegedly beating up a villager and the latter's associates attacking the legislator's car in retaliation.Forest department officials had on Saturday captured the lion, which had killed 55-year-old Bhikha Parmar on July 18 at Nageshree village, from the outskirts of Lunsapur village. \"The captured lion was being brought to Nageshree village before being sent to Sasan Gir. Meanwhile, a large number of people started following the tractor, which was pulling the trolley with the caged lion,\" officials said. The forest department took out a procession from Nageshree village just to show the people there that they have nothing to worry now as the lion has been captured. The tractor then headed towards Mota Barman village to avoid people. It was then decided to shift the lion to Sasan Gir in a forest department's vehicle.\"At Mota Barman village, three vehicles of Rajula MLA Hira Solanki came. Solanki was accompanied by his family members and men. He insisted on watching the captured lion. He rushed close to the lion but I stopped him and his family members as it would have been harassment of the lion. However, they thrashed me,'' said Ajay Vala, a resident of Nageshree village.\"Hira Solanki and his men thrashed me. They also threatened to kill me. I was injured in the scuffle. When I went to file a police complaint, police did not name Hira Solanki in the FIR. This despite the fact that he had taken out his revolver to threaten me,\" Vala alleged.Cross complaints were filed at Khambha police station. Investigating officer K H Sandh of Khambha police station said, \"Hira Solanki was trying to resolve the ongoing scuffle between Vala and his (Solanki's) men. Vala's allegation about Solanki is not true,\" said Sandh.Vala had filed a complaint against Hira Solanki's son-in-law Chetan Shiyal, Jitu Makwana, Manoj Shiyal and his six private commandos. Manish Shiyal (brother of Solanki's son-in-law) had filed a complaint against Ajay Vala and seven others for attacking the legislator's family members. During the scuffle, Solanki's car was ransacked by the people.When contacted, Solanki denied the allegations levelled against him. \"I and my family members were going towards Khambha when our car was intercepted by these people. They ransacked our car and also attacked my family. I had not gone to watch the lion,\" he told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098909", "title": "Did Tak give sedative-laced food to Laila &amp; kin before killing them?", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigators probing the murder of starlet Laila Khan and five of her family members suspect that main accused Parvez Tak either laced the family's food with sedatives before killing them or poisoned them.Tak had told crime branch officers that he organized a feast on the night of February 8 last year at Laila's Igatpuri farmhouse and killed the family the next morning with the help of Shakir Hussain, a wanted accused in the case. Police suspect that Tak and Hussain either laced the food served during the party with sedatives or poison. \"There were no signs of escape and it is difficult to believe that the duo killed the family members one after the other with an iron rod,\" said an investigator.The police had found blood-stained mattresses and pillows indicating that some of the family members were killed while they were asleep. \"We are certainly pursuing this theory. Hussain's arrest will help us corroborate Tak's claims,\" a senior police officer said.\"Tak claims he first killed Laila's mother Saleena, then her son Imran Patel, daughter Zara Patel and three others. Some of the victims who hadn't been killed by then would have certainly tried to flee upon hearing their screams,\" said an officer. Tak is Saleena's third husband.Six skeletons were recovered from a pit near the farmhouse. \"As the skeletons are nearly 17 months old, it is difficult to pinpoint if the skull injuries were caused by an iron rod, a heavy stone or spades. Last week, the police recovered two spades from Laila's farmhouse.Sleuths said Tak is trying to mislead them by changing his statement. Initially, Tak said he and Hussain had used iron rods and knives to kill the family. \"A week later, he said he used spades. Tak has not yet told us anything about the gold ornaments he had stolen from Laila's Oshiwara flat. The motive is not clear. Tak has been maintaining that he killed the family as he was upset with them for their un-Islamic lifestyle. He claims Saleena had cheated him of Rs 3.6 lakh by promising him a break in a Bollywood film,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15100993", "title": "Fans dance along as \u2018desi\u2019 rock stars set stage on fire", "text": "LUDHIANA: The 'desi' rock stars of Punjab, Gippy Grewal and Diljit Dosanjh, turned city's weekend electric with their act at a Hambran Road-based hotel on Saturday night. The event, titled \"Desi Rock Stars Nite 2012\", was part of a promotional campaign for an upcoming movie with Gippy Grewal and Mahie Gill in lead roles.The residents turned up in huge numbers to get a sight of the star cast of the movie that entertained them till late night. Audience were responsive to every call of their favourite singers as they swayed with them on the beats of the popular Punjabi numbers.\"We had expected it to be a rocking night with Gippy Grewal and Diljit Dosanjh sharing the stage and so it turned out to be. I made the most of this event and enjoyed as much as I could,\" said Rahul, 29, a Maharaj Nagar resident.Model Town resident Mandeep Singh, 36, said, he enjoyed Diljit's performance a lot as he has turned a Punjabi super star following his recent movie opposite Neeru Bajwa. \"He gave a short performance leaving audience asking for more.It was great to be close to the star cast of the movie and the gorgeous Mahie Gill,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15100440", "title": "Tribal struggle to protect welfare", "text": "COIMBATORE: A day after Bhavani Sagar MLA P L Sundaram led more than 200 beneficiaries of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA), in a project to conduct repair works of a village road in Kalithimbam near Hassanur, defying forest department orders that no construction works would be allowed in the area as it falls under the proposed Sathyamangalam Tiger Reserve, a case was registered against the MLA and his followers with the local police.The petition filed by Bhavani Sagar range officer K Sadasivam demanded action against the MLA and his 120 supporters for forcibly preventing forest officials from discharging their duties and conducting the repair works in an arbitrary manner even though the area comes under the proposed tiger reserve and no construction work can be carried out without permission of the department.The situation became complicated when Thalamalai village panchayat vice-president M Ruseeswaran lodged a counter complaint against Sadasivam and other forest officials for unnecessarily disrupting repair works of a village road under MGNREGA scheme for which the district collector had sanctioned Rs 3.5 lakh. The complaint said forest officials have no power to disrupt the work as the project was approved by district collector under MGNREGA scheme and the funds have been released from the public exchequer. Moreover, the Sathyamangalam wildlife sanctuary as not yet been tagged as a tiger reserve, the petitioner said.On Saturday morning, MGNREGA workers were prevented by forest officials from conducting repair works of the road which passes through forest areas under Thalamalai panchayat. The workers soon informed the MLA and Sundaram reached the spot within an hour.After a heated argument with forest officials, the MLA led workers to conduct the repair works ignoring attempts of the officials to physically prevent the works. Police officials who reached the spot refused to interfere as the MLA told them that the work was sanctioned by the district collector himself. Talking to TOI on Sunday, Sundaram said the move by forest officials had exposed the hollowness of earlier statement made by forest minister K T Pachamal that the tiger reserve project would be established in a way that would not affect the welfare of local community. \"The officials attempted to prevent work sanctioned by the district collector with proper funds. We will fight the case,'' he said.It was only two weeks ago, Pachamal had allayed fears of the tribal community who believed that the tiger reserve project would curb their access to the jungles to collect forest produce and graze cattle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15099264", "title": "Cousins in love end life near Sanand in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A teen couple, cousins by relation, has committed suicide by consuming poison. They had disappeared from their homes since July 14. Their decomposed bodies were found two kilometers away from the village of Melasana by police on Sunday.Sanand police officials said they had got a message from Melasana village near Sanand about bodies of a boy and a girl lying in bushes near the village. The officials rushed to the spot with forensic experts and found the bodies in a highly decomposed state. On the basis of identity card found on the youth, they identified him as Mahesh Patel, 19, a resident of Melasana.\"His family members were summoned to the spot who identified the girl as Usha Patel, 18. As per their statements, Mahesh got married a year ago and had a child recently. On the other hand, Usha, who got married during the same time, got divorced recently. The family got a whiff of this love affair as Mahesh used to financially help Usha. However, the duo decided to flee when they were pressurized by their families to clear their stands on their relationship,\" said a Sanand police official.Investigators said that a small bucket used in farming was found near the bodies that had substance like pesticide. Police believe that the couple might have committed suicide soon after eloping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15098449", "title": "Andhra Pradesh minority finance body\u2019s goof-up to cost students dearly", "text": "The Union ministry of minority affairs has stepped up the targets for Andhra Pradesh and other states and Union Territories for three centrally sponsored schemes for minority students during financial year 2012-13. The all-India target for pre-matric scholarships has been raised to 75 lakh. The target is hiked to 9.5 lakh for post-matric scholarships and 80,000 for merit-cum-means scholarships. The financial allocations have been increased to Rs 900 crore for pre-matric scholarships, Rs 500 crore for post-matric scholarships and Rs 220 crore for merit-cum-means scholarships. A total of 85.30 lakh minority students stand to get scholarships amounting to Rs 1,620 crore all over the country.Andhra Pradesh has been allocated physical targets of 3,25,159 for pre-matric, 41,188 for post-matric and 2,601 for merit-cum-means scholarships. The total target comes to 3,68,948.Pre-matric scholarships are awarded to students from five minority communities (Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Buddhists and Parsis) for studies from Class I to X in government and private schools. Post-matric scholarships are sanctioned to students from these communities from Class XI to Ph D in government and private colleges and institutions, including technical and vocational courses of Class XI and XII level in industrial training institutes/centres.Merit-cum-means scholarships are provided to students for pursuing professional and technical courses at undergraduate and post-graduate levels in recognized institutions. A minimum of 30% of the scholarships under these three schemes are earmarked for girl students.The last date for online registration of applications for post-matric scholarships (fresh and renewal) is September 30, 2012. The deadline for online registration for merit-cum-means is September 30 for fresh scholarships and December 31, 2012 for renewal of scholarships. The last date for online registration for pre-matric scholarships was fixed for July 15 initially but was extended up to July 21.However, due to the poor publicity given by the authorities, including state minorities welfare department, AP State Minorities Finance Corporation (APSMFC) and AP State Christian Minority Finance Corporation, about the higher targets and the short deadline for online registrations, thousands of minority students could not make online registrations in the absence of income certificates and other required documents. Owing to these lapses, AP is likely to sorely miss the higher target fixed for sanction of central pre-matric scholarships to minority students this year.Students are facing many hassles in registering applications online due to the insistence of APSMFC for submission of details of income certificates issued by tahsildar, along with details of ration card and Aadhaar UID, though the ministry of minority affairs guidelines for pre-matric scholarships only stipulate that income certificate should be on self-certification basis by way of affidavit on non-judicial stamp paper of self-employed parents/guardians and from employer for employed parents/guardian.Parents are forced to spend money to secure notarised affidavits for submitting these at tahsildar offices for obtaining income certificates. There is mad rush at tahsildar offices for income certificates since the authorities had failed to publicise the last date for online registration of pre-matric scholarship applications in advance.A poster in Urdu and English was released by the APSMFC and minorities welfare department just a few days before the deadline was to end. The result of this goof-up is that thousands of poor minority students stand to lose their pre-matric scholarships this year.(The writer is a member of the AP Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15098974", "title": "Row erupts over visit of film stars at Ajmer dargah", "text": "JAIPUR: The Dargah Dewan of Ajmer shrine, Syed Zainual Abedin Ali Khan, has opposed the visit of cine stars intending to promote their films using the Sufi abode as a platform, sparking off a controversy with the khadims opposing the stand.While the Dewan claims to be a descendent of Sufi saint Khwaja Moinuddhin Chisthi, the khadims are the servers at the shrine.\"Dance and music is prohibited in Islam. These film stars openly promote their films while talking about them to media in the shrine,\" said the Dewan, while urging Islamic clerics to take a strong stand against visits of Bollywood stars. He asked the heads of prominent Sufi shrines to release similar statements from their respective shrines.On many occasions their visits had hurt the sentiments of devotees, he said. One actress visited the shrine wearing a skirt (referring to Katrina Kaif ) and a male singer (Himesh Reshammiya) had visited the abode in a veil. Such behaviour is unacceptable, he said.\"Films are doing no good to society. They are promoting bad habits -- from smoking to drinking and obscenity to crimes. Hence I object to using this place of worship for their publicity stunt,\" said the Dewan, adding that objection is only when they visit the shrine for promotion of films and not for general visits.His views were opposed by hereditary khadims. Former secretary of Anjum Syed Zadgan Committee, Syed Sarwar Chisthy, outrightly rejected the stand of Dewan. \"It is a Sufi abode. Every individual, irrespective of caste, creed and gender is welcome to pray for personal and professional success,\" said Chisthy, claiming that the Dewan was trying to gain media attention.He said that the Dewan is maligning the image of the shrine by releasing statements on non-issues claiming to be religious head of the dargah. He said that Dewan is neither a religious head nor a descendent of Khwaja. The Dewan has no right to take devotees for ziarat (darshan). His interference in matters related to ziarat will not be tolerated, said Chisthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "15099024", "title": "Irregularities alleged in surgery scheme for handicap students", "text": "AKOLA: Member of Akola Zilla Parishad Gajanan Pundkar, has alleged serious irregularities in the surgery scheme meant for physically challenged students.In a complaint to the chief executive officer of Akola ZP Pundkar stated that only 10 out of 551 handicapped students selected for the surgery in 2011-12 were operated upon during the implementation of the scheme in Akola district under Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan.Demanding a thorough inquiry, Pundkar sought action against the guilty officers as well as the employees. \"Of the allotted over Rs3.07 crore for the scheme, over Rs2.63 crore have been shown as utilized,\" said Pundkar demanding that this amount should be recovered from the salary of the employees.Of the 10 operations, eight were done for removing defect in the eyes while one each for hearing impairment and correcting bone fracture, he added.Education officer (primary) of Akola ZP Amil Tizare said that he has not received any complaint yet. An inquiry will be ordered after the receipt of the complaint, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098633", "title": "\u2018Fan\u2019 caught in Big B\u2019s home with Rs 8,000", "text": "MUMBAI: A 20-year-old youth was arrested by the Juhu police for breaking into the high security residence of superstar Amitabh Bachchan on Friday. Though the accused, Deepak Kevat, claimed he was a Big B fan and slipped into the actor's house to catch a glimpse of him, the police recovered cash stolen from the house.On Friday afternoon, Kevat first reportedly climbed on a gulmohar tree in the compound of a bungalow adjacent to the Bachchan residence, Jalsa, in Juhu. From the tree, he let himself down onto a tin shed erected over Jalsa to prevent rainwater from entering the house and from there, he clambered down to the balcony of Bachchan's bedroom on the top floor. The police said after pocketing Rs 8,000 he found in the drawer of a desk inside the bedroom, Kevat was about to flee, when a domestic help spotted him. The help raised an alarm, following which guards of the bungalow rushed up and caught Kevat and later, handed him over to Juhu cops.\"Kevat has been booked on the charge of house break-in. A metropolitan court has remanded him in police custody for 14 days. A native of Madhya Pradesh, Kevat came to Mumbai a month and a half ago. Here, he has been staying on railway platforms and looking for job. He claims a case of assault was registered against him earlier, but we are yet to verify his crime records,\" additional commissioner Vishwas Nangre-Patil said. The police are interrogating Kevat to find if he had any other motive behind entering the house.Shaken by the incident, the superstar wrote a post on his blog: \"Spent some anxious moments yesterday since we had a break in! The guy was caught and is with the police now under investigation. Seems like a professional, for he had entered the most sensitive area of the house, Jalsa. Cops and security are in overdrive now. In the end nothing is secure, irrespective of how much precaution one takes.\" The police did not divulge if Bachchan or his family, including grandchild Aradhya, were present in the house at the time of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15099182", "title": "Pass MBBS in nine years or leave medical education, says Medical Council of India", "text": "LUCKNOW: Adopting a tough stand, the Medical Council of India has decided not to give any extra time to students who do not clear their professional exams within nine years from the date of admission in a medical college. The MCI's governing body has agreed that 'a student shall not be allowed to graduate later than nine years of joining first MBBS course.'Till now, there was no upper limit to the number of attempts for passing the MBBS course. As a result, all medical institutions had a group of consistent failures and authorities didn't know what to do with them. In fact, chronic failures from Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University (CSMMU) are behind the regulations. Had they not raised the matter with the National Commission for Scheduled Castes, the MCI wouldn't have woken up to the cause.A group of students had in fact alleged discrimination on the part of the medical university. Later on, a delegation of the commission found the allegation untrue. Irked by the incident, CSMMU's V-C wrote to MCI and suggested the changes, which were discussed and approved by members of MCI in March 2012. \"The rules offer a solution to the problem of chronic failures. Students will now have to pass MBBS in nine years or leave,\" said the dean of a state medical college.Another important change is about number of attempts for taking a professional exam. From now on, only four attempts would be given to students to clear the first university professional examinations. And the first professional course must be completed within four years of admission. Partial attendance in an examination in any subject shall be counted as an attempt.The points has been incorporated in the 'Regulations for Graduate Medical Education 2012', copies of which have been sent to various medical institutions. Spokesperson, CSMMU Prof AA Mahdi said that medical education would undergo significant changes once these regulations are notified.Mandatory foundation course and electivesNew batch of medical students will be exposed to a two-month long mandatory foundation course as per the regulations. \"There shall be a bridge course termed as foundation course to orient medical students to MBBS programme, and provide them with requisite knowledge, communication (including electronic), technical and language skills required,\" says the regulations document. \"The goal of the foundation course is to prepare a student to study medicine effectively. It will be of two months duration after admission,\" it adds.The course would include elements of orientation, skill module, core subject orientation, field visits to community health centre, sports and extracurricular activities including yoga, enhancement of language and computer skills.The regulations say that the first two months of the first year would be dedicated to the foundation course. Students who do not have at least 75% attendance in the foundation course classes will not be eligible for the phase-I examination.The duration of professional exams has also been changed under the said regulations. For instance, till now, the first professional exam for medical students took place after 18 months. As per the new rules, the exam would be held after 12 months. The duration of part-1 and 2 of the third professional has been increased to 13 months instead of the traditional 12 months period. Students will have to clear two electives (or posting in various departments of the medical college) of two months each in the third professional term. The aim of electives is to help a student understand the nitty-gritty of medical education so that he/she is able to choose the stream for future education. And those who do not have 75% attendance in the electives will not be eligible for the phase III part 2 examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15100476", "title": "Coimbatore\u2019s oldest mosque a multi-cultural hub", "text": "COIMBATORE: It is the oldest mosque in the city and an integral part of its history and culture. With the onset of the holy month of Ramzan, believers are flocking the Athar Jamath Mosque on Oppanakara Street and offering daily prayers, breaking their holy fast with a bowl of Nonbu Kanji (porridge) after the Maghrib prayer every evening. It is not just Muslims who are frequenting the mosque. People from other religious communities too visit to offer their prayers.Apart from being a symbol of religious identity for the Muslim community, the mosque is also a venue of religious harmony and brotherhood where visitors from other religions including Hindus and Christians come in large numbers, wearing the holy amulet, to offer their prayers.\"I am a staunch believer in the healing power of the amulet and verses from the Quran chanted by priests to keep our children in good health and ward off evil forces. Almost every child in our family has been brought to this mosque for the past several years,\" said B Palaniamma, a resident of PN Pudur who had come with her two-year- old grandson.According to M Mohamed Ibrahim, imam of the mosque, believers from other religious communities most often come there with children who suffer from prolonged illness, sleeplessness or other forms of mental and physical ailment. A few arrive at the mosque's doorstep after consulting medical experts and seeking other forms of solace to resolve personal issues. \"I have brought my son here so that he can be blessed and receive the holy amulet from the priest,\" said O Murugan, a resident of Peelamedu.Vice-president and president (in-charge) of the mosque administration S Jaffer Ali added that they receive people from other communities on a regular basis although Sundays are the busiest, with a long line of people waiting for their turn to get blessed.\"The priests recite holy verses from the Quran to bless the people. We might belong to different faiths, but in the end we are all human beings and should pray for the welfare of all,\" said Mohammed Ibrahim.The mosque was one of the first structures built way back in 1860 under the supervision of 52 families of perfume sellers who migrated from Tirunelveli district, hence the name Athar (perfume) Jamath Mosque. It soon evolved into a cultural and commercial hub around which the bustling Oppanakara, Big Bazaar and Raja streets were developed during the later years.\"We are planning to renovate the mosque and also do some structural modifications in the coming months,\" said H Mohammed Musthafa, muthavalli of the mosque. The mosque has also had eminent personalities visiting it including Russian premier Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev, Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and other political and cultural stalwarts from across the country. Khrushchev visited the mosque when he was in the city in 1953 before he became the Russian premier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15100541", "title": "Don\u2019t be fooled by the sample flat", "text": "The walls were beautifully done up, the fittings were exquisite and the rooms were very spacious. Vijayalaxmi Nayak and her family were so pleased with the look and feel of the sample flat that they immediately booked an apartment in the project by a reputed developer in Bangalore. The excitement died down when the Nayaks got possession of the house three years later. It was nowhere close to what they had been shown. \"In the sample flat, the rooms looked big and perfectly done up, but actually the size was much smaller, and the ceiling was not of the same height as showcased,\" says Nayak.There's very little that the Nayaks can do now because the sample flat has long been demolished and they have no photographs or documentary evidence of what it looked like. Even if they did, it would not have helped. Chances are the developer had slipped in a clause in the agreement saying that it reserved the right to alter the specifications of the property.The Nayaks are among the legions of buyers who are routinely taken for a ride by builders, who show them exquisitely designed sample flats. There's nothing wrong in this exercise since showcasing sample flats is a standard marketing practice.The problem is that what you get isn't what you see (see graphic). Atul Modak, vice-president of Kohinoor City Project, admits that some developers use fixtures and furnishings worth almost 2-3 times the price of the flat itself. This lends a premium look to the flat, which could deceive the customer.You cannot blame potential buyers for getting carried away by the looks of the sample flat. Builders have many tricks up their sleeves that give false impressions to the buyer. For instance , there are no doors between rooms in a sample, which makes the flat appear more spacious than it really is. Even the toilets and bathrooms are doorless. Some of the walls are merely glass partitions. Builders say this is done to allow buyers a better view, but the fact is that it makes the house look more commodious. The ceiling itself is much higher than that of the real flat.The interior designers hired by the builders to do up the sample flats are experts at creating optical illusions . They know how to use lighting and place furniture in such a way that the house appears bigger. The customised beds and dining table sets are smaller than the normal size and the cupboards lack depth. A gullible buyer is likely to think that the bedroom will have enough space to move around even after placing a double bed and a study table. The finish of the sample flat is also usually far superior and gives the buyer a sense of aspirational value. He is ready to shell out a higher sum for that kind of lifestyle. Experts point out that the superior wall finish is also because they are made of gypsum , not brick and cement plaster.The sample house itself may be much bigger. Some of the walls may just be plywood partitions, which help add precious square inches of carpet area to the house and make it bigger. \"You will see glaring differences between the sample flat and the specifications mentioned if you measure the house,\" says Pankaj Kapoor, managing director of Liases Foras, a real estate research firm.However, there is no way you can compare the sample with the real. These flats are demolished after the units in the project are sold out and construction begins. Kapoor says this is also why photography and videography are not allowed inside sample flats. Builders claim this is meant to ensure that these designs are not copied, but it is not true. The architectural drawing is already available in product brochures.Even if you have any documentary evidence on what the sample flat looked like, builders usually include a clause in the agreement, which allows them to change the specifications of the house.There is also the issue of location. Sample flats are standalone units that offer a great view from every balcony and window. It may not be so when it is a part of a cluster of flats. For a buyer, a better indicator of what he will get is the architectural drawing of the apartment as well as the layout map of the project. These drawings will tell you the exact carpet area of the flat. Compare it with the super area promised by the builder and you will get a fair idea of the price being charged for common facilities.However, these finer nuances are swept under the carpet when you step into a well-furnished sample flat which showcases a modern and efficient lifestyle. Om Ahuja, CEO, residential services, Jones Lang LaSalle India, says, \"In some cases, visually appealing sample flats may help to detract from the fact that the project's location is not exactly cutting-edge . The onus of establishing the difference between real and perceived value lies with the buyer.\"It is also advisable to have a sneak preview of the agreement before you buy. It gives you the actual specifications of the house. \"One needs to check the agreement carefully before making the decision as developers clearly mention in the document the specifications of the material and fixtures to be used in the house,\" says Modak of Kohinoor City Project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15100085", "title": "Anti corruption bureau nabs sub-inspector taking Rs 10,000 bribe from land broker", "text": "SURAT: Anti corruption bureau (ACB) sleuths arrested a sub-inspector of Katargam police station accepting bribe of Rs 10,000 on Saturday. The accused, Narayan Vasava, demanded bribe from a land broker and editor of a local weekly for not registering a crime against him.Vasava is posted at Community Hall chowky in Katargam police station area and was on duty on Saturday when he was nabbed by. Vasava demanded bribe from Balvant Variya for not registering a case against him.Earlier, a builder in Katargam approached police and gave an application of threatening and extortion against Variya. He alleged that Variya was trying to extort money and threatening to put him in trouble through Right to Information (RTI) application. Vasava was conducting the preliminary investigation in the allegations. Variya came to know about the investigations and requested Vasava not to register an offence.Vasava demanded Rs 25,000 from Variya for the favour. Claiming inability to pay Rs 25,000, Variya requested Vasava to reduce the bribe amount and both agreed on Rs 10,000. Meanwhile, Variya approached ACB and lodged a compliant against Vasava.On Saturday, Variya went to pay the bribe money to Vasava as per the trap planned. Vasava was caught red-handed accepting the money.Police investigation so far has revealed that the complainant Variya was booked twice for similar crimes of threatening and extortion. Police investigation in the cases is on against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15101976", "title": "Aamir Khan invites Jackie Shroff for power lunch", "text": "Sunday afternoon saw two actors share some warm camaraderie over a delectable lunch when Aamir Khan had invited Jackie Shroff to his Bandra pad. Besides catching up with the latest episodes of Aamir's television reality show, the men also spoke about Jackie's son Tiger.Aamir has been showing a keen interest in Tiger's film career, and was even rumoured to launch him as an actor. However, TOI now has it Tiger is starring in Sajid Nadiadwala's film that goes on floors in early December this year.Asked about the time spent with Aamir, Jackie said, \"On a Sunday, like most people, we actors too love to meet up with friends over lunch or brunch. Aamir had invited me for lunch, and as I had told him I wished to watch his talk show, we watched it over food.\"Probed whether Tiger's career plans were part of the conversation, Jackie dodged the question initially, later saying, \"Aamir has been very supportive of Tiger's film career. In fact, he has told Tiger he can approach him when he needs any help in terms of marketing, scripts etc. As Aamir has one of the best marketing minds in the industry, I feel Tiger is in safe hands.\"Asked how he feels about Tiger's debut being in Sajid's film and not Aamir's, Jackie simply said, \"He will begin shooting from December and my baby is now going to be an actor. So it's a proud moment for me as a father and also makes me happy that he has the blessings of and guidance from well-wishers like Aamir. Sallu too has been very supportive of my boy, especially his body building skills, that too when he himself has one of the best bodies in the industry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15098862", "title": "Time to bring trade union leaders under graft law", "text": "A section of workmen at Maruti's Manesar plant went on the rampage last week. They picked up car parts to inflict injuries on managers and set on fire a part of the factory. The blaze snuffed the life of an HR GM, who could not run to save his life. Both his legs were broken by the workers.The police have arrested 100 workers for being part of the mob but are yet to name the instigator in chief, who would face murder charges. Those who were part of the mob would also be liable for the crime. It is doubtful if the union leaders, who instigated the mob, will ever be brought to book. Most of them enjoy political patronage, which they have bought by pledging their hold over workers. But it will not save the workers from liability to compensate the company for the damage. Their liability stems from the 2009 ruling of the Supreme Court, in which it had accepted collective liability towards compensation as an evolving principle of tort. It was dealing with the issue of damage often caused to private and public property during agitations.It said, \"Where persons, whether jointly or otherwise, are part of a protest which turns violent, results in damage to private or public property, the persons who have caused the damage, or were part of the protest or who have organized will be deemed to be liable for the damage so caused, which may be assessed by the courts or by any special procedure created to enforce the right.\" But it will take years to identify the culprits, fasten liability and enforce the compensation decree. Time will tire out both the management and workers. Compulsion to resume production will force a settlement and withdrawal of cases against workers. The murder of the top HR executive will be forgotten.Last week, the government was informing the SC that foreign investors were wary of putting their money in India. It argued limiting options of allocation of natural resources to auction alone would further dampen investors' mood and choke FDI flow to India.Will recurring industrial unrest not dampen the mood among foreign investors? Over the years, the governments have done little to ensure healthy industrial relations and parties have never let go of a chance to extend their sway into trade unions. For long, TU leaders have enjoyed a lot of clout and among workers without there being any accountability fastened to their activities. MPs and MLAs were placed in a similar position till 1998, when a five-judge bench of the SC unanimously ruled in the JMM MPs bribery case that they were \"legally and morally\" public servants who could be proceeded against under the Prevention of Corruption Act.It is time for the government and parties to debate the need for a law terming leaders of all TUs as public servants like MPs and MLAs. This brings us to another question. Why do workers resort to violence so easily at the call of the leaders? TUs have failed to protect workers against delay in payment of wages and not made any genuine attempt to rectify pay disparity between regular employees and those provided by contractors. The lurking feeling about the Manesar incident is that workers' anger over pay disparity was simmering for some time. The lid was blown over by a trivial incident, which was disproportionately magnified by TU leaders. The problem of pay disparity between regular staff and those provided by contractors was discussed by the SC in its 2010 ruling in UP Land Development Corporation case.It said, \"To the vast majority of people, the equality clauses of the Constitution would mean nothing if they are unconcerned with the work they do and the pay they get. To them, the equality clauses will have some substance if equal work means equal pay.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15100298", "title": "A great honour for Bengal", "text": "Being the son of an illustrious father, it is a special day for me. The day is also very important because my father is occupying the highest constitutional post of the country. From an austere and remote village in Birbhum to the magnificent Raisina Hill, he has come a long way.It was made possible by the environment in which he was raised and the determination his mother - my grandmother - inculcated in him since his childhood. Right from the beginning, he was an exceptionally gifted child, bordering on genius. My grandmother would often tell me later that since his childhood he was the most exceptional child she'd ever seen. Even as a child, he could remember verbatim the exact sequence of events he had witnessed or heard.It is also a very special day because the person who was born in the British era and grew up in independent India, achieved many goals in his life due to the then government and Congress's social policies, from which he has largely benefited. Put in a simple way, the Nehruvian policies created an environment where people like him, who had calibre and mettle, succeeded. Merit, then, was the first criterion for success.Since childhood, I have seen my father as a very busy and serious person. He would leave home at 6-6.30am and return at 10-11pm, a long time after my mother put me and my sister to bed. It was only on holidays that we saw him at home. We seldom spoke, for all our requirements were looked into by my mother. My father didn't believe in any overt show of affection but ensured that all our requirements were met. For example, if I wanted a book and asked my mother for it, on his return home he would ask my mother if it had been bought. My mother always told us that he is a very special person for the work he does. She treated him almost next to God and this feeling somehow got permeated into me and my sister. We grew up knowing that our father, unlike those of my friends', worked for the benefit of people which made him very different from the rest.It would not be out of context to mention a few things about him. In 1969, when he was elected to the Rajya Sabha, he was the youngest member of the House. And it wasn't anyone else but Indira Gandhi who took notice of him in his maiden speech on the floor of the House in the second session itself. Since then, there has been no looking back. On January 15 1973, he joined the government as a deputy minister and within a few months got elevated to the post of a minister-of-state with independent charge. It was also then that the Union government for the first time took some strict measures to stop smuggling and bring back black money stashed offshore.There is another remarkable thing he did in 1977 which, I think, is a turning point for the Congress political leadership. After the 1977 poll debacle, the newly-formed Janata Party-led government started persecuting the former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi. It reached such a point that a very close and trusted lieutenant of hers deserted her and the Congress, fearing the Janata Party-led government's vindictive action. My father, even then, took a stand in the Shah Commission, constituted by the then government to prosecute Indira Gandhi, her cabinet colleagues and others. My father refused to divulge the secret information asked by the Commission under the oath of Secrecy Act. He was under tremendous pressure, for the government was bent on prosecuting and harassing Indira Gandhi for some imaginary misdeeds and wrongdoing. My father saw through their game plan and took a stand in which he refused to accept the government dictated term that he was directed by the Prime Minister to act against tax evaders and smugglers. My father said being a minister himself, this was his decision and he wasn't influenced by anyone. After that the Shah Commission fell apart and Indira Gandhi led the Congress to a resounding victory and formed the government. I heard from many senior Congress leaders later who visited our home that my father's stand had reinvigorated the party to fight back the government's malicious propaganda and harassment of Congress leaders on fictitious charges.Ultimately, he proved that a Bengali can make it to the highest position of the country which was till now a myth. Like my father, our family will remain indebted to Indira Gandhi for noticing his talent and providing him an opportunity to serve. I will also remain indebted to Soniaji and Rahulji for nominating him as the UPA presidential candidate. It is indeed a great honour not only for us, but also for the people of Bengal.(Abhijit is a former SAIL general-manager who was successful in his first political foray in May 2011 assembly elections winning from Birbhum's Nalhati on a Congress ticket. He won a seat which the Communists have never lost since 1967)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15098418", "title": "A day after, residents battle their way through silt and sludge", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after rains flooded low lying areas of the Old City and surrounding areas like Tolichowki, residents of many localities had to contend with silt and sludge once the water receded.Abdul Rasheed of Nadeem colony said that his house was not spared despite being four feet higher than the road level. \"Even before Friday's rains, we were affected. For the last four days we have been battling silt accumulation and now we cannot even leave our homes for prayers. The civic workers have not yet come to clean the roads,\" he said.Among the localities which were worst affected were those on the banks of the Shatam lake near Golconda. Residents of Nadeem colony, Virasat Nagar, Shatam Nagar and Baddam Bal Reddy Nagar, say that even a prolonged drizzle can turn into a deluge. Owing to the natural slope in terrain, water from Jubilee Hills and Hi-Tec City flows towards Tolichowki, flooding all the low lying areas on its way to the lake.Another tenant in Nadeem colony, Mohammed Yakub regretted his decision to move in from Warangal two years ago. \"I did not know about flooding in the area. The water can only evaporate as it has no way to go beyond. Sludge from drains has covered roads and residences as the authorities did a poor job in de-silting them,\" he rued adding that he will soon be vacating his house.In other areas like Chandrayangutta the rain water receded to reveal damages on the roads. A close watch is being kept on Palle Cheruvu in Bandlaguda where situation turned dangerous near a culvert on Friday. GHMC officials said that they were going to submit proposals to the roads and buildings department to widen a culvert downstream in Ali Nagar area.GHMC commissioner inspects Old CityHYDERABAD: Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) commissioner MT Krishna Babu, while inspecting the inundated areas along the Muriki Nala with officials of the Water Board on Sunday, instructed them to respond immediately to complaints pertaining to inundation and rain-related problems.While inspecting the Malakpet Housing Board colony, the commissioner asked officials to remove debris and take up road widening works by laying cement-concrete (CC) roads. He also directed GHMC engineering wing officials to speed up the bridge works at Farhat Nagar and asked officials to take up CC road laying works at Hafeezbaba Nagar wherever the drainage works are complete for the benefit of people during Ramzan. On the request of residents of Kranthinagar and Uppuguda, where most houses were inundated after the rains on Friday, Krishna Babu said estimates for remodeling of storm water drains would be prepared soon. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15099526", "title": "Garbage woes haunt Loutolim meeting", "text": "MARGAO: The garbage menace issue largely dominated the proceedings of the Loutolim gram sabha held on Sunday.Upset over the \"unmanageable\" garbage generated by the industrial units at the Verna industrial estate, \"which more often than not spills over onto the village roads\"-the industrial estate also comes under the jurisdiction of the Loutolim panchahyat- villagers, participating in the debate, demanded that the Goa Industrial Development Corporation (GIDC) set up a garbage treatment plant at the industrial estate. A resolution to this effect was unanimously adopted. A resolution placing on record the need for the construction of a new panchayat ghar owing to the insufficient space in the existing premises, was also adopted at the gram sabha.The annual budget of the panchayat was also approve at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune ", "code": "15106094", "title": "Father, son remand extended till July 24", "text": "PUNE : A magisterial court on July 21 extended the police custody remand of a father and son duo till July 24 for allegedly killing their tenant.The suspects Suhas Ramchandra Gadkari (47) and his son Atul Gadkari (20) are residents of Yashodanandan housing society at Vimannagar.The duo had thrashed to death their tenant Jinu Patel (62) on July 8, who had succumbed to severe injuries at the Sassoon general hospital on July 14.Senior police inspector of the unit-III of the crime branch Sunil Pawar on Monday said that the police constable Gunshilan Rangam had received a tip-off that Atul Gadkari and his father had severely thrashed their tenant Patel and had hospitalised him for obtaining medical treatment.The duo had told hospital authorities that Patel had sustained severe injuries in an accident. They had registered an accident case with the Yerawada police station.Pawar said, \"The suspects who were take into custody on July 16 during questioning had revealed that they had thrashed Patel as he was not vacating their room. The duo told police that they had admitted Patel in the hospital and had lodged a false complaint of accident as he was regularly abusing them under the influence of liquor\".Police have arrested the suspects for committing Patel's murder under section 302 of the Indian Penal Code.Inspector Shivaji Shinde (crime) of Yerawada police station produced the suspects before the court for seeking police custody remand for seven days.Assistant public prosecutor Madhav Poul told the court that the custodial interrogation of the suspects was essential to seize the car used in the crime and their blood stained clothes. The prosecution suspected the involvement of other suspects in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15099583", "title": "Youth who drank corrosive liquid is now on the road to recovery", "text": "BELGAUM: Sanjeev Agsimani, 28, a resident of Devgaon in Kittur taluk, can still recall the burning sensation vividly when he mistakenly drank a bottle of disinfecting acidic liquid thinking it was water. He was working in Bangalore at the time. He was rushed to a local hospital and was treated for corrosive injury to the oesophagus (food pipe) and stomach.He was discharged and came home. Within four days he started vomiting and was shifted to a hospital in Dharwad. Doctors said that his food pipe and stomach had became narrow due to the ingestion of the toxic liquid. Doctors in Dharwad expressed their helplessness in treating him. Sanjeev was shifted to a hospital in Hyderabad. However the doctors did not guarantee any success after surgery.After nine months of running from hospital to hospital, in February his family took him to Lakeview Hospital.Sanjeev was severely malnourished by now as he was unable to swallow food and had tubes sticking out from all parts of his body. He was also very depressed. \"The gastrointestinal surgical team in Lakeview Hospital consisting of Dr Ravi Patil, Dr Shashikant Kulgod and Dr Pradeep Vagarali instilled confidence in us and promised us of positive results,\" said Santosh, Sanjeev's elder brother. Sanjeev's food pipe had completely narrowed right up to the pharynx. The only alternative was to create a food pipe with a part of the large intestine and a new stomach by making a pouch out of the small intestine.Sanjeev underwent major reconstructive surgery lasting eight hours. The team consisted of Dr Shashikant Kulgod, Dr Pradeep Vagarali, Dr Ravi Patil and Dr Sanjeev Kulgod. Anaesthesia team was led by Dr Sanjeevkumar Durdi.After an agonizing nine months, Sanjeev is now able to swallow food normally. Doctors say they come across many such cases where patients accidentally drink corrosive household and toilet cleaners. \"This is due to carelessness by storing these poisonous liquids in mineral water bottles. \"Special care in labelling and storing of these disinfectants apart from change of policies are required at the manufacturing level to avoid such accidents in future, as the effects are hazardous,\" Dr Kulgod said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "muktsar", "code": "15100947", "title": "Villagers allege foul play by power staff, block road", "text": "MUKTSAR: Angry and helpless residents of a village, who had to go without electricity for four days, finally took to streets and blocked the Bathinda-Muktsar road over the weekend.Villagers of Kot Bhai also sat on dharna on Saturday, disrupting traffic and shouting slogans against the state government and power department. They however lifted the dharna on Sunday afternoon.The protesting villagers alleged that employees of the power grid had willfully cut power supply to their village. Employees demand liquor or money from the villagers for timely supply of power, they alleged.\"There has been no electricity in our village for the last four days. When we went to power grid, employees asked us to bring written request from panchayat. We were facing power cuts for about 22-23 hours a day. The RO for drinking water and cooler for employees in power grid has been installed using money taken from villagers. The employees charge Rs 100 from each villager to fund their luxury needs,\" said Malkeet Singh Khalsa, resident of Kot Bhai village.\"There was no electricity in the village during the last four-five days. Supply to the village has been cut off by the employees knowingly,\" said Manjeet Singh , a village resident.\"We are from the home district of chief minister Prakash Singh Badal and there is no electricity for the last four days in our village. When we go to power grid office, employees tell us that power supply has been cut on orders from Patiala. But 4-5 houses nearby has been supplied electricity by power grid, because they are known to the employees,\" said Avtaar Singh, a resident of Kot Bhai.After the road blockade, police and powercom department officials reached the spot and asked villagers to open the road. \"We have no enmity with villagers of Kot Bhai. Due to power shortage, cuts have been resorted to, on orders from Patiala. We apply two types of power cuts -- one is scheduled and the other unscheduled, when frequency goes down. If employees demand anything for power supply, this will be checked and strict action will be taken against the guilty,\" said Narender Singh, SDO, Powercom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15105811", "title": "Agatha Sangma meets Sharad Pawar, offers to quit govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Agatha Sangma, who had campaigned for her father P A Sangma in the presidential polls, on Monday offered to quit as minister of state for rural development.NCP sources said that Agatha met party chief Sharad Pawar ahead of a meeting of the party leaders and expressed her readiness to quit the government.The talk in party circles was that Agatha could be facing trouble with the NCP leadership receiving complaints against her from party units in Chhattisgarh and Odisha that she campaigned for her father.While NCP backed UPA nominee Pranab Mukhrjee, Sangma was the BJP-backed opposition candidate for the top post.Reports had it that the Agatha issue was likely to come up before the NCP meeting.Agatha is a member of the Lok Sabha from Tura, a seat represented by her father several times.Sangma, a founder member of the NCP, resigned from the party to contest the presidential elections.Immediately after he declared his intent to contest the election, Pawar had made it clear that there was no question of his party going against the decision of the United Progressive Alliance.Agatha is said to have accompanied her father to Odisha to seek support for him from chief minister Naveen Patnaik.She had also attended a function of tribal leaders in Bastar region of Chhattisgarh.A party leader, however, sought to give a different twist to Agatha's offer. He said that Agatha told Pawar that she would follow the party line after he and Praful Patel decided to pull out of the government and support it from outside in protest against the way the party was treated by Congress.NCP sources said that Pawar will not be attending the dinner being hosted by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh tonight in honour of outgoing President Pratibha Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15099126", "title": "Hounded by loan sharks", "text": "LUCKNOW: It's a story about modern-day Shylocks and how they go to any extent to extract their pound of flesh. One of their countless victims is 29-year-old Parul from Allahabad, who has lost her husband to the wrath of unscrupulous moneylenders and now, fearing for the life of her two kids, is hiding at a relative place in the city. Narrating her tale of woes to TOI, she says: \"My husband Deepak was a share-broker and had taken some money from a group of moneylenders. But, despite the fact that he paid pack much more than the principal amount, they kept pressuring him to pay the entire interest immediately.\"Parul says that on May 26, some people kidnapped her husband and threatened him to transfer the ownership of our house. When they came to know that it was in the name of his brother, they called him and forced both of them to sign the transfer paper. \"After the house papers were transferred, they started threatening us to vacate the house. On June 5, they called Deepak to their office, where he was beaten and burned to death,\" she narrates, reliving those ghastly moments.Parul named Akhtar Pervez Siddiqui, Chandrashekhar Dwivedi and Sunil Pandey, all moneylenders and residents of Allahabad, in the FIR that she lodged with the Civil Lines police station at Allahabad. But, nothing has been done in the case so far, she claims, blaming the local police to be hand in gloves with the accused. The police on the other hand maintain that Deepak committed suicide though it accept that the persons named in the FIR may have incited him to take the extreme step.That Deepak was being harassed by moneylenders clearly reflected in the noting of his diary the copy of which has been handed over to the police. \"... Just one decision taken by me has changed everything in my life... I borrowed money from some persons that was wrong... they have brought me to such a stage that neither am I able to live nor have I been able to die,\" Deepak has written in his diary.Satyendra Tiwari, inspector of the Civil Lines police station in Allahabad, on the other hand claims that the victim's family had not been cooperating in the probe. It looks to be a case of suicide, Tiwari said but admitted that it appeared moneylenders forced him to take the extreme step. \"Deepak had in his statement recorded before a magistrate had said that he set himself on fire,\" Tiwari further said.The family members, however, say that Deepak didn't give any statement and continued to maintain that such theories by the police were being deliberately floated to favour the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15100462", "title": "Indian gaur found dead", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 15-year-old female Indian gaur was found dead at Sivagarpalayam near Hassanur under Sathyamangalam on early morning Sunday. Postmortem reports revealed that the gaur died after it fell accidentally from the top of a huge rock into a valley.The accident may have been occurred when the gaur was in search of water in the night, say forest officials. Poor monsoon has led to severe water crisis in the city.It was during his routine visit inside the forest, ranger Siddhayyan found the carcass of the gaur. The gaur suffered severe injuries on the head and back due to the impact of the fall and that led to its death, postmortem report said.Veterinarian Dr Nalla Sivam conducted postmortem of the gaur in the presence of Sathyamangalam divisional forest officer N Sathish and people's representatives from nearby villages. The body was buried in the same locality later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15099475", "title": "Manohar Parrikar for gaming commission to regulate casinos in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said the government is considering setting up a gaming commission to regulate casino operations in the state. In a written reply to the Goa assembly, Parrikar said, \"Government is also considering bringing a comprehensive legislation in the matter of casinos.\"Parrikar said the legislation will impose restrictions on women employees, regulate use of private chambers or rooms and seek standardized software to calibrate gaming machines.He also informed the House that there are 16 licensed casinos in the state, of which 5 are offshore. Parrikar said three licences were issued between April 2009 and March 31, 2012. \"No offshore casino licenses were issued for the said period,\" he added.Parrikar also said there is no mechanism in place to indicate the number of Goans visiting casinos.Parrikar further informed the House that 12 casino operators are following rules and regulation while 10 are not following them. \"Action is to be taken as per provisions of law,\" he said.The government generated 55.80 crore revenue from six offshore casinos between March 2010 and June 2012 and 7.52 crore, revenue from 16 onshore casinos.Parrikar also informed the House that nine casinos have defaulted in payment and the amount is 5.78 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15102944", "title": "Song recording of Prem Mhanje Prem Mhanje Prem Aaste", "text": "It was a star studded affair at the song recording of Prem Mhanje Prem Mhanje Prem Aaste. It was organised at Buzz in Studios at Mumbai recently.Mrinal Kulkarni, Milind Ingle, Ravindra Sathe, Surel Ingle and others were spotted at the event. The film is directed by Mrinal Kulkarni.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15097801", "title": "Humpy moves up with win", "text": "CHENNAI: Ju Wenjun of China maintained her half-point lead over her rivals after the sixth round of the FIDE Women's Grand Prix chess tournament in Jermuk (Armenia) on Sunday.Ju Wenjun drew her sixth-round game with Nadezhda Kosintseva of Russia in just 20 moves of Grunfeld defence while Women's World champion Hou Yifan of China could not make much progress in an opposite-coloured bishop ending against Elina Danielian of Armenia and drew her game as well. That left Wenjun on 4.5 points and Yifan on fou, sharing the second position with Koneru Humpy of India.Koneru Humpy, playing white, got into a better position against Ekaterina Kovalevskaya of Russia in Slav defence and reached a technically won ending with queen, rook and knight to support her extra pawn that had passed. The Russian's chances were in simplifying the position and she did exchange the queen but the Indian played the rook ending accurately to pocket a point after 43 moves.Wenjun, with white, could not avoid an open ending in a slightly inferior position with doubled pawns against Kosintseva. But the Russian's advantage was marginal and the game was drawn.Yifan adopted the Nimzo-Indian defence against Danielian and reached a rook and opposite-coloured bishop ending with no chances for either side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15098910", "title": "Sack employment guarantee programme ombudsman, demands Nagpur district collector", "text": "NAGPUR: District collector Saurabh Rao has sent a proposal to principal secretary (EGS) to sack Nagpur district Mahatma Gandhi National Rural EGS (MGNREGS) ombudsman NM Lokhande for interfering in government work. Lokhande had sent notices to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, EGS minister Nitin Raut and guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe for issuing statements that amounted to supporting corruption. Earlier, he had alleged that the district administration was not cooperating with him in investigation of EGS scam in which ten officials were suspended.Lokhande has been at loggerheads with the government right since appointment in March. He had issued statements in media criticizing the officials on several occasions. The notices sent to the three ministers were apparently the last straw.On July 7, the district administration had organized a programme at Vasantrao Deshpande Hall to extend benefits of various welfare schemes to MGNREGS beneficiaries. Raut and Moghe had addressed the beneficiaries in the programme.On July 17, Lokhande took suo motu cognizance of the statements and issued a notice to the two ministers. The notice stated that Moghe had slammed the persons who had filed complaints regarding implementation of MGRNEGS. Raut in his speech had supported Moghe, according to the ombudsman. Making such statements in front of members of gram panchayats, panchayat samitis and zilla parishad were violation of section 27(1) of MGNREGS Act and amounted to encouraging corruption.The notice also stated that an inquiry into the Rs6.50 crore EGS scam was being conducted. Lokhande had also issued a notice to CM asking him to reply within a month whether he supported the stand of the two ministers.Earlier on July 11, Lokhande had convened a press conference and slammed the district administration officials for not cooperating him in the EGS scam probe in Umred and Bhiwapur talukas. The then district collector Pravin Darade had inquired into the EGS works and had held 22 officials responsible. He had recommended action against ten, who were later suspended. However, no action was proposed against the remaining twelve.Divisional commissioner BV Gopala Reddy had recently asked the district administration to conduct an inquiry against the twelve officers and submit a report to him. Lokhande had objected to this and said the inquiry was illegal as only the ombudsman had the power to conduct it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "15099976", "title": "Modern radar network to track ships on high seas", "text": "KENDRAPADA: A Vessel Traffic Management System (VTMS) will be installed in Paradip port soon to track the movement of vessels and guide them. The modern radar system will also issue alerts of possible mid-sea dangers, including from underwater cables, said captain G P Biswal, deputy conservator of Paradip Port Trust (PPT) on Saturday.The Rs 9 crore project will include the latest maritime technology and will cover up to 48 nautical miles from Paradip port. The system is expected to increase the efficiency of commercial vessel traffic and help reduce congestion. Data collected through the system will be coordinated with the Port Management Information System and Paradip Port Trust database system, the officer said.The VTMS includes an Auto Identification System (AIS), modern radar technology and communication links with vessels passing through the region. The system, Biswal said, will be akin to a black box in an aircraft, recording and displaying data from the radar and AIS with very high frequency (VHF) voice.The AIS is an automated tracking system used on ships and by Vessel Traffic Services (VTS) for identifying and locating vessels by electronically exchanging data with other neighbouring ships and VTS stations. AIS information supplements marine radar, which continues to be the primary method of collision avoidance for water transport. The AIS is used to locate vessels using electronic data, Biswal informed.AIS is an internationally standardized communication protocol launched by the International Maritime Organization (IMO) in 2004 to channelize communication between ship and ship, ship and shore, shore and ship.The VTMS would help the port's navigation department control the berthing and movement of vessels better. \"Controlled from a centralized station at the port, it will release radar video data and remote display feeds to the Navy,\" Biswal said. VTMS is equipped with a camera which can zoom in and follow any unidentified craft in the seas off the Paradip harbour, he informed.\"The shipping ministry had earlier issued guidelines regarding the distance a ship should maintain from fishing vessels. VTMS will help observe the vessel movement on the sea. When ships don't respond to our calls, we will alert the Navy and the Coast Guard,\" Biswal said.The radar system will provide information on various meteorological and hydrological parameters as well, which could be useful for the met department. VTMS can also detect oil spillage.After the Mumbai attack in November 2008, several initiatives have been taken by the government to strengthen security of the coastal areas against the threat of non-state actors from sea and the installment of VTMS will be a major instrument to check coastal security, the officer pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15098451", "title": "No time for Trotsky", "text": "A small bust of Lenin shares space with the red hammer-and-sickle motif on the shelf. Marx, Tolstoy and Trotsky sit cheek-by-jowl with Mirza Ghalib and Makhdoom Mohiuddin inside the glass cases on the wall. But the two sets of people at the long table in the hall evidently have other priorities\u2014young schoolboys are poring over their textbooks while the elderly, many of them sporting white beards and skullcaps, are reading newspapers. Neither group has time for Tolstoy, Marx or Ghalib.We are at Awami Idara, a unique library-cum-cultural centre of mill workers at the Muslim ghetto of Mominpura in Central Mumbai. Founded in 1952 exclusively by workers of the long-defunct cotton mills that dotted the area, the Idara is now a shadow of its former self. Few have the time or the inclination to read its approximately 10,000 works by revolutionary writers\u2014in Urdu, Hindi, Marathi, English and Gujarati\u2014and culture has been replaced by tailoring, mehendi and fabric-painting classes for poor women. \"Tailoring classes take place in a room that was once a small auditorium where ghazal soirees and poetry recitation sessions were regularly held,\" says 70-year-old Idara member Abdul Qadir . Now these are almost non-existent.When the Idara was founded, it was in an altogether different ambience. Till the 1970s, almost every woman in the area worked on the spinning machines while the men toiled on looms and in mills. After their work hours, they would retire to the Idara to read, listen to writers and watch plays of the leftist Indian People's Theatre Association (IPTA). The centre was also host to stirring speeches and poetry by progressive writers and poets like Kaifi Azmi, Majrooh Sultanpuri, Zoe Ansari, Sahir Ludhianvi and Prem Dhawan. \"Lyricists Prem Dhawan and Kaifi were our ideals. Kaifi Sahab named this library Awami Idara as it belonged to the public,\" recalls Qadir, who was once part of IPTA's choir.Today, the Idara makes feeble attempts to recreate those glorious days with an occasional book launch or Meet The Writer programme. It also carries out communist rituals like the hoisting of the red flag on World Labour Day to stirring revolution songs. However, the enthusiasm and buzz are conspicuous by their absence: where communist stalwarts like S A Dange and Ahilya Rangekar would address the crowd on Labour Day, now the old members preach to the converted few.Communist ideals too have been lost to the tides of time, and are carried forward via charity. \"It is difficult to engage the youth in a communist cause,\" rues Idara's secretary Javed Kamil. \"We try to associate them with the ideology through charity work like distributing textbooks and notebooks among underprivileged children.\"Run on donations from its 60 members, the Idara does not get any government endowment. But then it never aspired to live off official doles. The founders were idealists who chased a dream (many would prefer to call that a chimera). Tributing it, progressive writer Sajjad Zaheer had once likened the Idara to the Taj Mahal of the mazdoors (workers). In the Idara's visitors' book, celebrated writer-film director Khwaja Ahmed Abbas remarked on May 1, 1975: \"The Idara will go higher than the soaring Qutub Minar.\"To end with a story from the golden era. Since it was a hub of communist writers and intellectuals, the House of Soviet Culture, the former USSR's propaganda wing in Mumbai, lent the Idara a projector and a screen to show Russian films, which attracted a huge crowd. After the USSR collapsed in the 1990s and its culture house in Mumbai closed down, the Idara received a letter requesting it to return the projector and the screen. But Comrade Maqsood, Idara's then secretary, penned a terse reply: \"The projector was lent to us when USSR was alive. We will return it after communism is back in Russia .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15099327", "title": "'Set up control room to look into grievances'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Taking cognizance of rising complaints related to choked sewers, waterlogging, half dug roads and erratic power supply and unavailability of officers and staff of the concerned department, the district administration has swung into action and decided to take corrective measures.In this connection a statement issued by ADM (city) Divya Prakash Giri said that problems related to the above issues are cropping up at regular interval, which is resulting in road blockades by agitated residents on a daily basis. On the other hand the concerned officers and staff fail to visit the spot to resolve the crisis and are not available on phone. This is affecting the law and order situation of the city in the wake of failure of the concerned department to address the problem of people.The ADM has directed the above departments to set up a control room and depute persons who are available round the clock to register complaints related to their department/s and in turn forward them to the concerned officer for necessary action. He has also asked the departments to provide the telephone number of the Control room at the office of ADM and publish the same in all newspapers of the city.Meanwhile the general manager, Ganga Pollution Control Unit, Jal Nigam, Allahabad has informed that work related to construction and repair of roads dug up for laying sewage pipelines has been suspended during the rainy season. Instead only brick laying work is being undertaken to make the roads ready for use temporarily. However permanent construction and repair of roads would be undertaken after the rainy season, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15099877", "title": "Liquor worth Rs 1 crore seized", "text": "INDORE: Police caught a truck laden with liquor worth Rs 1 crore in Lasudia area here on Sunday evening. The liquor was being transported to the neighbouring Gujarat , where prohibition still effective.Lasudia police station in-charge Santosh Singh Bhadoriya said that the truck bearing registration number PB11 MA9471 was going to Gujarat.During a routine checking of vehicles in the evening, the cops noticed the liquor in the vehicle and forced to stop it. During an inspection of the truck, the police found that the vehicle was loaded with branded liquor, which was illegally being transported to Gujarat. Bhadoriya said that the seized liquor was valued at around Rs 1 crore.Police have arrested the driver of the truck identified as Gurumeet Singh and also impounded the truck. Police began its investigation into the illegal liquor trade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15105538", "title": "Monroe's 'nephew' recalls his 'sex bomb babysitter'", "text": "Joshua Greene, the son of the late photographer Milton Greene, has revealed that his babysitter was none other than the most famous sex bomb in showbiz - Marilyn Monroe.Joshua's father was Monroe's one-time confidant and business partner.\"I have wonderful childhood memories of being tickled, having pillow fights,\" the New York Post quoted Greene as saying.\"Marilyn Monroe was my babysitter, and she gave me bubble baths!\" he said.He threw up his hands in mock horror at the thought of being bathed and diapered by the most famous sex bomb in showbiz.\"I was lucky, what could I say?\" Greene said.The domesticity played out during a little-known period in the life of Monroe, who died 50 years ago on Aug. 6, when she lodged with the Greene family in Weston, Conn. It was a rural retreat where she intermittently dodged the limelight for more than two years.Devastated by her divorce from Joe DiMaggio and disillusioned by Hollywood , Monroe fled Los Angeles for the relative tranquility of the East Coast. It was the winter of 1954-'55, and for weeks, nobody knew about her hideout.There were wild rumours that she was having affairs with Frank Sinatra and Clark Gable . The press was in a frenzy of speculation.But, much to the chagrin of Monroe's studio, 20th Century Fox, she had simply transferred her business affairs to New York City. Her goal was to reassess her career and seek fulfillment as a serious actress by enrolling at the Actors Studio in Manhattan , run by Lee Strasburg.It took eight months, but Milton Greene helped forge an agreement with Fox that allowed Monroe more freedom to take opportunities and control her image.The duo founded their own company, Marilyn Monroe Productions, which paired with Fox to make \"Bus Stop\" in 1956 and Warner for \"The Prince and the Showgirl\" later that year.But the machinations of the film industry went way over young Joshua's head.\"I was too young to have any realization of who Marilyn was,\" Greene said.\"She was just a friend of the family - safe, nurturing and playful. Those years were the happiest of her life because she had the safe, family environment,\" he said.According to Joshua, the late screen icon treated him like a favourite nephew.\"It wasn't about drugs or the negative things which made her insecure.\"My father worked doubly hard to make her feel more secure,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15100485", "title": "Unused plots in Salt Lake under state scanner", "text": "KOLKATA: The land issue has been gnawing at the Mamata Banerjee-led government ever since it has come into power. Soon after attaining office, the chief minister had therefore put a curb on land acquisition that was supposed to take place in Rajarhat. Currently, the state is determined to stall underutilization of land resources.The urban development department is busy reviewing making a review of all unutilized plots that were handed over to private companies to implement projects through the public-private-partnership (PPP) model.The private partners will be asked to give reasons for the delay in implementing projects. If the firms do not give any reply or fail to cite a satisfactory reason, the government will initiate steps either work on the process to take back the plots and put them to proper use.\"A meeting was held on this issue last week. The status of all such plots is being looked into,\" said state urban development department secretary Debashis Sen.Many plots were handed over to private companies during the Left regime government for implementing projects through PPP, but the present urban development department has noticed that many of the plots are still lying unused. Most of these plots - located in Rajarhat, places off EM Bypass and other township areas - belong to the Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco) and the Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA). are located in Rajarhat and places off EM Bypass and other township areas andThe private partners had tied up with the two agencies to implement the projects through PPP. The urban development department is preparing a coming up with a complete list of all such plots and the projects that were supposed to be implemented on them. implemented by now.A detail report will also be prepared on as to the present status of the plots and the projects and as to on the terms and conditions of financial agreement were made with the private partners.For example, a water park cum entertainment centre was supposed to come up on a 33-acre area near Ruby hospital off EM Bypass for which a private company was also selected. The project was planned way back in 2005 but is yet to take shape. did not come up.Also, a nine-storey commercial complex was supposed to come up at DJ block in Salt Lake. The plot was also handed over way back in 2005, but the project hasn't started is yet to start.There are several such projects, many of them which are yet to start off in Rajarhat.Land has been the biggest issue for the Mamata Banerjee government from the very beginning. After coming in power, the chief minister cancelled all further land acquisition that was supposed to take place in Rajarhat. The unutilisation of land has thus led the state to take stringent steps.Earlier, government agencies having land could make inter-department handover of the land and also could decide by themselves to sell or auction it. But now, The government land can be sold for any project only if the cabinet clears the proposal.Apart from Not only land that are lying unused for PPP projects that are lying unutilised, the urban development department is scrutising all land in Salt Lake area that are lying vacant for years. The authorities are sending notices to the leaseholders of these plots seeking to give reasons for not constructing houses yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15098600", "title": "Amravati civic chief, mayor promise to solve financial woes soon", "text": "AMRAVATI: The Amravati Municipal Corporation (AMC) has been in the news for all the wrong reasons for the last few weeks. The furore over local body tax, pending salaries of employees and contractors, corporators hurling mikes at staff or corruption allegations by the opposition, all have brought disrepute to AMC. In interviews with TOI, AMC commissioner N Nawin Sona and mayor Vandana Kangale dwell on some of these issues.The recent decision of state government to replace octroi with local body tax had dropped a bombshell on the already cash starved Amravati Municipal Corporation. AMC commissioner N Nawin Sona admitted that octroi and property tax were staple income sources. \"Now, we will strive hard to generate more income than what we got from octroi. Mira-Bhayander Municipal Corporation in Mumbai has done this. We have also chalked out a plan for proper implementation of LBT, with computerization already approved,\" he said.Mayor Kangale said a delegation of corporators met the chief minister to oppose LBT, and even demanded a grant to improve AMC's financial condition. \"We have an outstanding grant of Rs20 crore and have demanded its release,\" she said. As for the difference LBT will make, she said that will take six months to be analysed.About outstanding salaries of employees and payments for contractors, Sona said, \"Once LBT starts getting revenue into our coffers, we will be able to pay regular salaries from August. As for contractors, we have decided to keep aside some money to pay contractors, so this issue too should not crop up.\"Asked how AMC plans to undertake development without money, Sona said they have many plans to increase revenue. \"We have decided to tighten the noose on defaulters in property tax. We will charge fees from mobile towers and slap fines on illegal mobile towers. We will also trace out market license dues. We are also mulling pay and park schemes,\" he said.Mayor Kangale said she will pursue the government for release of outstanding funds. \"If government releases the outstanding Rs20 crore, it definitely improve the finances,\" she said.The opposition has also alleged that AMC commissioner misused wasted funds on repairing his bungalow and standing committee chairman Chetan Pawar of NCP purchased an expensive car needlessly. Sona said the bungalow he is living in was built in 1929 and needed urgent repairs, so Rs6.5 lakh was spent on it with approval of standing committee.The mayor too backed Sona. As for the new car, Kangale said the car was not anyone's personal car, but it is AMC property.Over corporators complaining about AMC staffers not working properly, the mayor said that staff crunch has led to officials handling charges for two posts, which creates pressure on them. She said that even she does not get cooperation from officials sometimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15100799", "title": "Hospital's neo-natal division in dire straits", "text": "NASHIK: Dragging its feet to provide better care for neonates in the district, the neo-natal intense care unit (NICU) of Civil Hospital created a record of sorts by handling 38 neonates at a time with only 17 warmers being available. Each warmer now accomodates two to three neonates, but a shortage of staff and beds is adding further risk to the well-being of the neo-nates in the unit.\"Only seven persons man the unit every 24 hours and there is only staff member for the night which makes the situation very dangerous to handle, especially if there is an emergency,\" said a staff member even as she took the foot print of a newly admitted infant, prepared the intravenous fluid and also took to changing diapers. The staffer in the meantime missed two phone calls that came to her desk.For more than seven months now, the average occupancy of the warmers has shot up from 20 to 26, with the highest count hovering in the thirties. A warmer, is typically meant for one baby only, but the current dearth has forced medical personnel to accomodate two or three neo-nates, which further increases the risk of infections being transmitted among the babies. The situation could turn grim in case of an electrical or similar mishap.\"If anything goes wrong, poor parents are the sufferers,\" the staff said.The most serious issue pointed out is that the ratio of five patients for every nurse was hardly followed. The morning shift sees only one nurse on the job, one servant and two staff members. The evening shift has only one staff member and one servant, while the night shift simply has only one servant.\"38 babies were admitted on Saturday, it is impossible to admit any more Since it was deemed critical to add any more to the tally considering the serious staff crunch at night, \" a source said.\"In addition to medical duties there are a host of administrative tasks involved in admission procedure including Making a record of incoming patients takes a one hour at least to ensure all filling in their details such as their name, and preparing their name boards and wrist identity bands. Sometimes there are as many as five entries at a time in the night. We have to also contrantly monitor each infant while performing a host of other duties. It is difficult for us to manage the things,\" the source said.Security is a very major concern as well. \"A few months ago there were at least 25 members of a family here wanting admission for a baby whose condition was serious. The group threatened to damage hospital property if the infant was not admitted,\" a staff member said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15099426", "title": "Naxalite hand in Maruti violence?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The bloody and systematic attack on the senior management at Maruti's Manesar plant may have been the result of Naxal influence, according to sources within the government. Intelligence agencies have been asked to investigate whether Maoists are infiltrating trade unions in the Gurgaon-Manesar belt, which has witnessed serious labour trouble in the past few years, added the sources.The agencies are looking at a couple of trade unions operating in and around Delhi to identify possible Naxal sympathizers within them, or people who could be acting as a front for Naxal elements. The effort is to find out whether Maoist elements have managed to influence trade union leaders.Meanwhile, social activist Sandeep Pandey \u2014 winner of the Ramon Magsaysay Award in 2002 \u2014 met trade union representatives of Maruti's Gurgaon plant. Another well-known activist, Swami Agnivesh, is understood to have sought time for a meeting.The sheer brutality of the attack at Maruti's Manesar plant has not only shocked corporate veterans, but also sent alarm bells ringing within the government. A senior Maruti official died in the fire after both his legs were broken and more than 90 others were injured, many seriously. This appears to be much more than ordinary labour unrest or trade union activity, the sources said.Even old-timers at Maruti are perplexed at the quantum of violence at the factory. \"What has happened is an experience that leaves me quite shattered and something I have never seen before. Workers indulged in rioting and mob violence, which is quite inexplicable,\" Maruti chairman RC Bhargava said. In an interview to TOI, Maruti MD Shinzo Nakanishi confirmed that it appeared to be planned attack, rather than a spontaneous outburst. The mob first smashed CCTV cameras before specifically targeting senior Maruti officials.\"The kind of violence has stunned us. This is more than an industrial relations incident,\" Maruti's human resources head S Y Siddiqui said.However, Maruti officials said they were not aware of any parallel investigation by any central agencies. The Haryana government is already looking into the matter.Attempts to infiltrate the workers' union at Maruti are not surprising considering the huge revenues of the company and the clout it enjoys in the Indian manufacturing sector. Maruti, which had a turnover of over Rs 30,000 crore last fiscal, enjoys nearly 45% share of the Indian car market and a large number of component suppliers are dependent on the company for their business.Previously, central trade unions like AITUC have tried to break into Maruti's union, but the company management has been firm in thwarting any such moves, not agreeing to any outside affiliation in its workers' bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15099320", "title": "Torching of bikes: 'Ye to sirf trailer tha, picture abhi baaki hai...'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The youths who have been caught in connection with setting bikes on fire last week wanted to indulge in more such incidents, said police investigators.Sources said that the police station officials had kept their informers and constables deployed at prominent paan parlours in the garb of youngsters gathered for a smoke or chitchat. A constable present at a paan parlour overheard a conversation about bikes on fire and bikers. He heard a youth telling another, 'Ye to sirf trailer tha, puri picture to abhi baaki hai.'\"Working on this lead, the policemen kept an eye on the group and found them indulging into drugs and over speeding. Soon, they were prime suspects and were rounded up for questioning when they confessed that they were involved in the act on July 19 and earlier. The teens were found to have a common phone number of a youth identified as Kunal who used to decide the place of meeting, mostly IIM-A and Shivranjani Crossroads. We have seized their phones for further leads,\" said a police official.Investigators said that they have identified three vehicles and six youths involved in arson on July 19. They stated that the group met at IIM-A Crossroads and stole petrol from a parked bike and then went to SG Road and took route for Hebatpur. They then went to Anand Complex, Cambay Hotel, Vastrapur, Commerce six roads, National College and Sola. In total, 12 bikes were damaged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15098818", "title": "'Not just blood, donation of platelets important too'", "text": "NAGPUR: Blood donation may have gained acceptance as a noble deed. Yet, there is a deficiency of people who would readily indulge in platelet donations, not knowing that the act may save many a lives. This is mainly because of less awareness about the need for it as well as the fear among those who know about this complex procedure.These were among the topics discussed during a CME organized by the Vidarbha Association of Pathologists and Haematologists on blood disorders. Dr MB Agrawal, a well known haematologist and haemato-oncologist from Mumbai, was the guest speaker on the occasion.\"Platelet deficiency is a regular problem in many common infections like malaria and dengue. A person having this deficiency can even bleed to death if the platelet count reaches zero. Though most blood banks, these days are well equipped to handle the demand for blood, the concept of platelet donation is yet to gain grounds among the masses,\" said Dr Agrawal. The process of donating one's platelets is a little longer than that for donating blood, he pointed out.\"The fact that the procedure requires about two hours as compared to blood donation, which takes very little time, sometimes acts as a deterrent for donors. Another thing that goes against is the fear that it may cause infection,\" he said. The process requires ones blood to be taken out of the body to extricate the platelets in it and then the same blood is re-pumped into the body, informed Dr Agrawal.\"Blood disorders may have plagued mankind from the beginning of time. However, the new modalities and techniques make it easier for the doctors to detect them and cure them, making research a very important cornerstone of medical care,\" said Dr Tarvinder Singh Uberoi, secretary of VAPM. Knowledge of blood disorders and ways of dealing with them is especially helpful for doctors from the region as many patients of diseases like sickle cell anaemia and thalassaemia are widespread in Vidarbha, he added.Though most blood disorders can be detected early through symptoms like tiredness, bleeding and anaemia, people complain of such diseases when they are in an advanced stage, said Dr Meherbano Kamal, president of VAPM. \"Additionally, some drugs can also lead to low blood or platelet count in some individuals. Our message to people is not to take any such symptoms casually and get their blood tested regularly. 'Take the test, not the risk', is what we advise the patients,\" she said.A donors' clubLike one needs to match certain parameters while donating an organ, donating or receiving platelets or bone marrow needs a perfect match. Especially required in critical diseases like blood cancer or leukaemia among others, it requires people to get a marrow which has the exact HLA type as their own.However, finding this match when the disease strikes can be a daunting task. To overcome this trouble, Bombay Hospital took the initiative of establishing a platelet donors club and a bone marrow registry system. \"The idea was to keep a database of people with matching bone marrows. These matches can be utilized if one of the people in the club develops a disease that requires such transplants,\" said Dr MB Agrawal, haematologist and haemato-oncologist from Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15103415", "title": "Obama says Colorado shooting was an 'evil act'", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama today described the shooting in a Colorado theater last week that claimed 12 lives as an \"act of evil\", as he visited Aurora - the city of tragic incident - to meet the victims' families.\"I come to them not so much as President as I do as a father and as a husband,\" Obama told reporters after he met the family members and friends of the victims.\"I tried to assure them that although the perpetrator of this evil act has received a lot of attention over the last couple of days, that attention will fade away and in the end, after he has felt the full force of our justice system, what will be remembered are the good people who were impacted by this tragedy,\" he said.Obama offered hugs, tears and sympathy to survivors of the shooting rampage and to families whose loved ones were shot dead during premiere of new Batman movie 'The Dark Knight Rises' at an Aurora theater in Denver, Colorado.The President paid visit - one by one - to families gathered at a hospital and wounded patients recovering in intensive care. He appeared before the TV cameras and kept his focus on the lives of the victims and the survivors, not the sole shooting suspect or his \"evil act\".\"I think that the reason stories like this have such an impact on us is because we can all understand what it would be to have somebody that we love taken from us in this fashion -- what it would be like and how it would impact us,\" he said.Obama said he confessed to the victims' families and friends that \"words are always inadequate in these kinds of situations\".The President said his main task was to serve as a representative of the entire country and let them know that they are thinking about them at this moment and will continue to think about them each and every day, and that the awareness that not only all of America but much of the world is thinking about them might serve as some comfort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15106484", "title": "Sushanth\u2019s new movie launch on July 28", "text": "Sushanth's new movie is titled \"Adda\" and the action entertainer is directed by Gajjala Sai Reddy. The movie, which has a caption 'Place to Love', is produced by Naga Susheela and Chintalapudi Srinivas. Sai Reddy earlier assisted Puri Jagannath for his films and is finally making his directorial debut.Adda is scheduled for a formal launch on July 28 at Annapurna Studios in Hyderabad. All Akkineni family members are likely to attend the opening ceremony. Kanal Kannan is composing the fights while Arun Kumar cranks the camera. The regular shooting of Adda is set to commence from August and the heroine is yet to be finalized although it's being buzzed as Shanvi (Lovely Fame). Anup Rubens is scoring the music of this flick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15099396", "title": "Officials told to speed up repair works", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Principal secretary, urban development, Pravir Kumar on Sunday instructed officials that roads which have been dug up for laying of underground sewage and water pipelines in the city and have caved in during the ongoing rainy season should be repaired within three days in order to facilitate smooth movement of pedestrians and motorists alike.The officer after arriving at Circuit House straightaway went to Civil Lines crossing and inspected the road and from there he went to Medical College crossing where local residents and corporators drew his attention towards the deteriorating condition of city roads.Expressing concern over the fact, the principal secretary, urban development said that repair work should be undertaken by the Public Works Department (PWD) as early as possible and efforts be made to make the city roads fit for use within 3 days.He also inspected the work related to construction of flyover at Bairana crossing and instructed the PWD officials to set up a camp office at the spot. From there he went to Boat Club to supervise the work related to construction of permanent ghats.When his attention was drawn towards the plight of locals in the wake of deteriorating condition of city roads and failure of concerned departments to initiate corrective measures, he said that the final inspection of the above works would be done after completion of the same.Earlier a local resident apprised the officer about the problem being faced by him in the wake of construction of Bairana flyover in the backdrop of the fact that his house was coming in between. On his part, the officer assured the resident that the department would look into the matter and do the needful.Due to construction work traffic jams have become a regular feature in Bairana locality.Local residents feel that the situation would improve only after the flyover is constructed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15100109", "title": "Youth robbed, killed in Bhestan", "text": "SURAT: A grocery store owner was murdered by unidentified miscreants at Bhestan in the city on Friday night. They also robbed him of his gold chain, mobile phone and cash.A passerby spotted the victim lying unconscious near Prince Industrial Society and informed police. The dying youth identified himself as Mangesh alias Pappu Madhukar Vagh, 25, a resident of Vrunadavan Township near Bhestan railway station.Vagh told police that he was attacked by five people and one of them stabbed him in the waist. The victim died shortly due to heavy bleeding. Police believe that he was stabbed at around 11 pm. His bike was found near his body.The victim's family members informed police that a gold chain, mobile phone and cash were missing from the deceased's body. They said Vagh used to return home from his grocery shop at Jamna Nagar, Pandesara at around 10.30 daily with cash.Family members suspected involvement of Hradaynath Mishra, a grocery shop owner, in the murder of Vagh as he suspected the deceased of having an affair with his daughter. Police questioned the suspect and claimed that he had no role to play in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104231", "title": "Dabangg\u2019s Bhojpuri avtaar!", "text": "Chulbul Pandey is all set to get his hyper desi avatar in Bhojpuri flick 'Rakhwala'. Bhojpuri film's notorious bad man Sanjay Pandey will be seen recreating Chulbul on the silver screen in his first ever positive role of a police inspector.The film will be directed by Aslam Sheikh and will also star Nirhuaa and Rinku Ghosh. Source: bhojpurimededia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15099896", "title": "New garbage transfer station in Rau", "text": "INDORE: Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) takes possession of nazool land at Rau for second transfer station for municipal solid waste (MSW) now tender for it will be issued in next few days. New transfer station for MSW be spread over 3.5 hectare land and MSW of zone 6, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 and 15 will be transfer from here to trenching ground at Devguraria. The new transfer station will help in improving the collection and transportation of municipal waste.IMC is carrying out solid waste management project under JNNURM and civic body had to construct two transfer stations. It had one transfer station at Kabitkhedi but it failed to come up with another transfer station. Now when funding from JNNURM for transfer station was allowed to lapse, civic body requested for land to district administration. A2Z Company which is looking after the collection, transportation and disposal of municipal solid waste was also demanding for another transfer station for better management of municipal waste.Kishor Solanki, project in-charge said that second transfer station is coming at Rau, tender for it will be called in next few days. He said that construction of transfer was delayed to unavailability of land for it.Earlier civic body was supposed to come with transfer station near Choithram Mandi, but the move was opposed by the president of the mandi and the local residents. Following which plan was shelved. Move to start transfer station at Rau was also opposed by local MLA Jitu Jirati saying that starting transfer station for municipal waste at Rau will affect the land value and it will benefit certain builders. However, civic body is finally go to have its another transfer station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15099587", "title": "2 workers suffocate to death in manhole", "text": "HUBLI: Two men asphyxiated to death in a newly constructed manhole in Chanakyapuri colony in Hubli on Sunday.The deceased are siblings Ramesh Lamani, 20, and Santosh Lamani, 24, of Nelur Tanda of Ron taluk of Gadag district.Police said that Ramesh got into the 12-ft manhole to clean it. When he did not return, Santosh, too, got into the manhole. Basavaraj who was working in another manhole in the same area, grew suspicious when both did not turn up even after half an hour. He too got into the manhole.When Basavaraj too took his time to return, his co-workers Bheemagowda Trikani and Ashwin, peeped into the manhole and saw all the three stuck inside. Bheemgowda pulled Basavaraj out of the manhole with the help of rope and alerted fire brigade personnel and police. Ramesh and Santosh were also pulled out of the manhole, but they were unconscious. The duo was declared brought dead by doctors in Karnataka Institute of Medical Science hospital.Bheemagowda, who managed to rescue Basavaraj, said that they were cleaning the new manholes.When contacted, Mohammed Kaleem Agah, executive engineer, North Karnataka Urban Sector Investment Programme (NKUSIP), said that as it was Sunday there was no work. Besides no UGD work is in progress in Chanakyapuri. The UGD work was completed eight months ago in Chanakyapuri area where the incident took place.H S Naregal, HDMC, special officer, said that the deceased were not employees of the Corporation. They were working for Eagle Construction company, which had taken the contract of completing UGD work under NKUSIP in the city.A case has been registered at Old Hubli police station.HDMC orders probe\"We have instructed Eagle Construction to pay compensation to the kin of Ramesh and Santosh,\" said HDMC Commissioner Y S Patil. We have ordered an inquiry into the incident. The executive engineer will conduct the inquiry and submit the report at the earliest, he added.They were the family's breadwinners: Mom\"They were the breadwinners of the family and they left the village to earn a decent life. Now there is no one to take care of us,\" wailed Devakki Lamani, mother of the deceased.Devakki who is in a state of shock is yet to come to terms with the tragedy. Both Ramesh and Santosh, had come to Hubli city a year ago to eke out a livelihood.Of the four sons, one is working in the village while the younger son is in school. They have been supporting the family, said Devakki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15102502", "title": "J &amp; K youth held for bar girl's murder", "text": "MUMBAI: The Chembur police recently arrested a science graduate from Jammu &amp; Kashmir after he fled away from Mumbai allegedly after killing a 32-year-old bar girl on April 24. Amanjit Singh (29) strangled the victim Payal Bharadwaj alias Indrajit when his repeated attempt failed to convince the victim to marry him.Singh claimed that he took the extreme step when realized his dream of flying to Australia was coming to an end. \"Singh has made a baseless statement to cover his crime. He said through his friends he learnt that he can easily become an Australian citizen and can get a job if he is married. When Bharadwaj denied his proposal he got annoyed and killed her,\" said Chembur police senior inspector Bhimdev Rathod.The incident occurred at midnight on April 24 in a chawl situated near Krishna Bakery in Chembur. The victim who also hailed from Jammu &amp; Kashmir was employed in bars in Chembur locality. The matter was observed when the owner of the bakery situated in the locality heard the victim screaming for help at midnight. The person immediately called the police control room.The Chembur police reached the spot and found the door locked from inside and there was no response from inside. Finally the cops entered the house after breaking the door and found Bharadwaj was strangled to dead. Initially the cops picked up a Pune resident with whom the victim had an affair. Later the cops let him go realizing he was not the accused in the crime.To crack the case, additional commissioner of police (East region) Quaiser Khalid ordered deputy commissioner of police (Zone VI) Manoj Lohiya to supervise the team of Chembur senior inspector Rathod, assistant inspector Milind Jadhav, sub-inspector Navnath Guge and arrested Singh from Jammu &amp; Kashmir on July 17. The team zeroed in on Singh after they got hold of his passport in the room where Bharadwaj was killed.Investigators also learnt that Singh originally hails from Jammu &amp; Kashmir and has managed to get an original passport from Amritsar submitting fake address proof. \"The team visited Amritsar, Chandigarh and finally he was held for J &amp; K. It is also learnt that Singh frequently visited Singapore and other Asian countries to show him a frequent traveller and can easily pass the test at the consulate office when applied for Australian visa,\" said the investigators.Singh was booked for murder. He is in custody till July 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15106422", "title": "IT spending in India to touch $43.57 billion in 2012: IDC", "text": "NEW DELHI: IT spending in the country is expected to grow by 16.3 per cent to $43.57 billion (Rs 2.43 lakh crore) in 2012, on increased spending by SMEs and rising investment in emerging technologies, research firm IDC said.According to IDC's report \" India IT Market Overview Report - 2012\", the total IT market in India is expected to grow to $43.57 billion in 2012 from $37.46 billion (Rs 2.09 lakh crore) in 2011.Despite lesser-than-expected GDP growth figures, India still commands a high growth rate, next only to China among BRIC countries, and higher than several developing economies, IDC said.It added that though Rupee depreciation and high inflation have slowed down consumer spending, but that is expected to be a temporary phenomenon.\"Cautious optimism will continue to be the order of the day for most enterprises. However, this is not expected to reduce IT investments.\"It merely indicates that future investments will undergo intense scrutiny and that effective financial and risk management will gain priority in the days to come,\" IDC India Research Manager (Consulting Group) Ravi Sharma said.According to the report, 38 per cent of the enterprise IT spending in 2011 was by the SME segment, which is expected to grow to 43 per cent by 2015.Traditional verticals like banking, financial services and insurance (BFSI), communication and media, government, manufacturing and IT/ITeS continued to be the highest spenders in 2011 with a moderate growth rate (2010-2015) of 14 to 18 per cent.Retail and wholesale, energy and utilities, along with healthcare witnessed tremendous growth (more than 23 per cent) in IT spending and the trend is expected to continue, it added.\"Market driven policies pertaining to e-Governance, financial inclusion and youth-driven entrepreneurship are enabling rural development.\"Sector driven policies in the areas of infrastructure, anufacturing and retail have steered industry growth. Political initiatives are increasingly driving demand for IT hardware,\" Sharma said.The report said investments on emerging technologies like social media, cloud, mobility and big data are also on the rise.\"Although at a nascent stage of adoption, Indian enterprises have started leveraging social technologies externally for customer engagement and internally to promote team collaboration and knowledge sharing,\" IDC India Senior Analyst (Consulting Group) Pavan Magge said.There is large demand for SaaS based applications among large enterprises and enterprise mobility is also at the top in terms of organisation focus and investments, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15100936", "title": "Arms dealer caught with smuggled pistols", "text": "PATIALA: A Ferozepur-based arms dealer was arrested on Sunday near Rajpura with 18 imported pistols and 300 live cartridges.The accused, Vaneet Dabra, runs Vaneet Armori, in Ferozepur. During police investigation, it came to light that he reused documents of his genuine customers to purchase these arms.He was involved in smuggling imported weapons and selling these on forged documents in Punjab, said IG Patiala Zone, Paramjeet Singh Gill.Police suspect the involvement of some government officers and are investigating this angle.A special team headed by Patiala range DIG L K Yadav has been set up to probe the scam.After getting delivery of pistols against documents of customers who purchased weapons from him some months back, he wrote fake numbers on pistols and forged all documents in the name of new customers.Police have started raids to arrest Chander Shekhar from Ghaziabad of UP, who allegedly supplied weapons to Dabra.He sold imported pistols for Rs 6-8 lakh bracket after purchasing these for Rs 1.40 lakh to 1.50 lakh and was in business since 2004.\"During our investigations, we have recovered 18 imported pistols of different bore. We have checked his record, and there is a possibility that he may have kept his customers in the dark to earn huge profits. We will act against those who connived with him,\" said IGP Gill.Punjab has 3,23,927 arm licences, out of which, 35,500 are issued in Bathinda. The details show that around 7,300 are of district-level category, 2.25 lakh licencees have permission to carry their weapons within the state and 62,705 can take their weapons anywhere in the country.Since Ferozepur is located on Indo-Pak border, cops suspect some narcotic smugglers might have also procured arms from him on forged documents.\"He got customers easily given the craze for weapons in Punjab,\" said DIG Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103391", "title": "Ceremonious beginning of RBI gallery", "text": "The RBI gallery was inaugurated by Dr Duvvuri Subbarao , governor of RBI, in the Indian Business Museum ( IBM ) at Indian Institute of Management Kozhikode (IIMK) on July 6.Dr Subbarao addressed the students of IIMK as he spoke about the significant leadership roles RBI has been playing since 1935. \"Balancing the inflation, the price stability and the financial security of the country is one of the key challenges the Reserve Bank faces,\" said Dr Subbarao while delivering the leadership series lecture.Dr Subbarao emphasised that the concept of the apex bank is not only to regulate the economy and financial stability of the country but also to reach out to the under privileged. He pointed out that the poor sections of the society should derive benefits from the banking sector such as hassle free financial transactions as well as access to credits.A post economic reform that the government has brought through RBI has helped the country boom and has fuelled India's aspiration to become a super power. India has moved from being a repressed country to an ever growing state.Dr Rao said that the inflation over the last two years has been 'imported inflation' related to the price of oil. He said, \"Whatever the reason for inflation, we have to stabilise the economy. We are trying to draw a parallel between the growth rate and inflation. The monetary policy of the RBI is the first line of defense to save the economy.\"The apex bank is also considering the introduction of polymer notes on a pilot basis in the country. \"These notes have been introduced in Singapore and Australia. Its longevity is one of its main advantages. An environmental study on the impact of the notes has already been conducted. Also, since it would be in circulation for a longer period, its impact to environment would be negligible,\" he added.Prof Debashis Chatterjee, director, IIMK presided over the function. He said, \"The RBI Gallery is indeed a welcome addition to the wealth of information in the museum and express hope that it will inspire the visitors with more insights on this important sector.\"Dr Subbarao applauded the institute and said, \"IIMK is a trailblaser in its endeavour to globalise Indian thought leadership with its efforts to guide and teach aspiring banking, financial professionals the origins of a strongly founded financial system.\"Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15100404", "title": "Women celebrate Haritalika Teej with joy to welcome monsoon", "text": "KANPUR: The festival of Haritalika Teej was celebrated by women on Sunday to welcome monsoon.The festival falls on 'Shukla paksh' of the pious month of Shravan and is mainly related to greenery. People, especially women dress up in green and wear green accessories like bangles and apply 'mehndi' to celebrate it.Many quiz and games were organized at various places to mark the festival. Students and teachers at Juhari Devi Girls College organized 'mehndi' competition. Girls put designer and traditional 'mehndi' on hands. The guests and visitors sang songs to celebrate the festival.People of Omar Vashya community organized a mass picnic to mark the monsoon and greenery festival. Women and kids danced on the occasion.Women celebrate the festival of 'Haritalika Teej' with joy and merriment. It is also called as 'swing festival', where decorated swings are hung from trees and women dressed in best attire swing on them.Heavy rush was witnessed at jewellery shops. A large number of women wanted to buy bangles. Shops and beauty parlours also witnessed rush.A woman getting 'mehndi' applied on hands at Naveen market said that the importance of 'Hartalika Teej' is that it is believed that unmarried women who observe fast on this day and worship Goddess Parvati are blessed with a husband like Lord Shiva. They enjoy a happy married life. The fast is kept by both the unmarried and married women.A special puja was organized at Rajasthan Hall by the people of 'Marwadi' community, who worshiped Radha-Parwati, Lord Jagganath, his brother and sister.\"It is believed that on this day, Goddess Parvati or Teejmata celebrated her union with Lord Shiva by swinging in the pleasant monsoon season. Therefore, the festival is dedicated to the daughters of the house. Married women keep fast on the day while unmarried girls seek blessings from the deity for a good husband,\" said Sonal, who observed fast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "15100489", "title": "Youth nabbed for robbing trader", "text": "MALDA: A youth was arrested from Malda's Harischandrapur on Saturday night for stealing more than Rs 5 lakh from a businessman in Rajasthan last month. Police nabbed the accused, Mirajul Islam, from his house by tracking his SIM card. Mirajul was produced in court on Sunday and Rajasthan Police has taken him in their custody for further interrogation.Mirajul worked as a driver for a Marwari businessman, Rajesh Agarwal, in Nahargar area of Jaipur. On July 1, Agarwal lodged a complaint with the local police station in which he stated that Mirajul had stolen a bag containing Rs 5.28 lakh kept in his godown on June 30 and . The youth had gone missing thereafter.Following the complaint, Rajasthan Police initiated a proben inquiry and started looking for Mirajul. The cops then located his mobile phone tower and traced him to Howrah. A team from Rajasthan Police, led by Jagdish Chandra, then reached Howrah.They tracked Mirajul to Malda and he with the help of Harischandrapur Police Mirajul was arrested him from his house in Mollabari village. The stolen money was, however, not recovered.SP Jayanta Pal said, \"A team of Rajasthan Police arrested one Mirajul Islam last night in a joint operation with Harichandrapur police station. They would take him in transit remand.\" TNNLocating the SIM card and mobile tower Rajasthan police arrested a youth, who had allegedly stolen more than Rs 5 lakh from the house of a businessman last month, from Harischandrapur. Mirajul Islam, the youth who had been arrested last night, was produced in court today and Rajasthan police appealed to take him into their custody.It has been learnt that Mirajul worked as a driver of a Marwari cooking utensil merchant Rajesh Agarwal, a resident of Purana Basti area of Nahargar in Jaipur, for long. On 1 July Agarwal lodged a complaint with local police station that Mirajul had stolen a bag containing Rs 5.28 lakh which was kept in his go-down on 30 June. Mirajul allegedly had absconded thereafter.Receiving the complaint Rajasthan police started an enquiry and started searching for Mirajul. Eventually a team of Rajasthan police led by an officer Jagdish Chandra reached Howrah locating the tower and SIM card of Mirajul's mobile phone.As they spotted Mirajul, they hired a private taxi and reached Malda yesterday. With the help of Harischandrapur police station, they finally nabbed Mirajul last night from his house at Mollabari village under Harischandrapur police station. However, the stolen money could not be recovered yet as learnt.Mirajul was produced in court today and it has been learnt Rajasthan police would take him into their custody for further interrogation.Superintendent of police Jayanta Pal said, \"A team of Rajasthan police arrested one Mirajul Islam last night in an operation jointly with Harichandrapur police station. They would take him in transit remand.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15099752", "title": "Belgaum takes a giant step towards fighting malnutrition", "text": "BELGAUM: There were smiles on the faces of nearly 670 malnourished children, who, along with their parents, had gathered at 13 different PHCs across the city on Sunday. The kids, mainly from economically weaker sections, beamed with joy as they received a food kit from deputy commissioner Anbu Kumar. The kit, apart from 5kg wheat, had other interesting things too - packs of nutrititious food of different brands including Horlicks, Complan, Bournvita, Cerelac and B-complex tablets and tonics.The kit will suffice for about three to four months, said Anbu Kumar. He hopes to continue supplying the kit periodically thereafter.\"By December, there should be no underweight children in Belgaum city. By consuming the nutrition food and vitamins, the identified children can put on weight and become healthy,\" he said.The ambitious programme is the brainchild of Anbu Kumar, who, with support from the district administration, is taking steps towards eradicating malnutrition among the children of the district. To begin with he has selected children of Belgaum city.He is raising funds from donors to purchase the food kits.According to a survey jointly conducted by the Belgaum City Corporation, the district administration and the zilla panchayat, of the 40,000 children in the 0-6 age group in the city, 670 are malnourished and underweight. On Sunday these children took home the kit of nutritious food and supplements.Malnutrition is a national concern and the DC hopes his initiative will help the cause of underweight children. He has plans to extend it to other taluks of the district at a later stage.If any of the identified children is suffering from any disease due to malnutrition, the child will be provided free treatment under Balasanjeevini yojane at the KLE hospital, said Anbu Kumar.For medical check up, the selected children will go to the PHCs once in 15 days. Health officials have advised parents to keep their premises clean and take care of their children's health and hygiene. \"It is a collective effort by the district administration, the ZP and the BCC to eradicate malnutrition in the city. It is a pilot project and it will be implemented in other parts of the district eventually,\" the DC said.B Dayanand, a parent who had brought his underweight child to one of the PHCs was all praise for the DC's initiative. \"It is a good project by the district administration. We provide regular food to children at home but what they lack is nutritious food, which families like ours can't afford. I am happy that the district administration is extending its helping hand to us,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098547", "title": "Suspect in Ajmera murder eludes cops", "text": "MUMBAI: It's been three months since builder Jayant Ajmera's 51-year-old wife Chetna was murdered in their Ghatkopar (E) home, but the police are yet to trace the main suspect-cook Ashok Maharaj.In the first week of May, Chetna, a resident of Vaishali apartment, was found dead with her throat slit. Diamond jewellery worth Rs 1.5 crore was missing from the house. Since then, the Ajmeras' former cook Maharaj has gone missing. The Pant Nagar police and crime branch unit 7 have launched a manhunt for Maharaj and even visited his hometown in Rajasthan on several occasions.Sources said that a crime branch team is still camping in Maharaj's hometown in the hope of nabbing him as the accused's wife is likely to deliver their baby in the first week of August. \"Our team is camping in Rajasthan, hoping to catch Maharaj when he comes to see his baby,'' said an officer.Sources revealed that Maharaj would have been caught last week itself had a police officer not alerted his family. A police officer, who after learning that another officer may succeed in catching Maharaj, called up to enquire about it at the home of the accused's wife, thus raising suspicion. Maharaj did not turn up and thus escaped the police. The infighting among police officers and the crime branch unit to take credit for solving sensational cases is to blame, the sources said.It is learnt that Maharaj used to stay with his wife in Mumbai. His wife has reportedly told the police that two weeks before the crime, Maharaj had dropped her at his parents' home in Rajasthan and left for Mumbai, saying he had some important work.\"We believe Maharaj had planned the robbery and that is why he left his wife with his parents in Rajasthan. He left for Mumbai to carry out the crime with his colleagues. Maharaj later told his wife that he had no intention of killing Chetna and that her murder was an accident,\" said an officer.The needle of suspicion pointed at Maharaj as he had had an argument with the Ajmeras over his salary and was also spotted in the building's vicinity by some neighbours a few days before Chetna's murder. The Ajmeras had sacked Maharaj in February this year.GRUESOME END* Chetna Ajmera (51) was found with her throat slit around 8.15pm when her husband returned home from work* Some workers, who had come to repair sliding windows, were in the flat till about 6.30pm. After they left, nobody heard any sound from the flat.* Wardrobes in the bedroom were found broken into and jewellery worth Rs 1.5 cr missing.* There was no CCTV in Vaishali Apartments where the Ajmeras have been living for over 15 years", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15102888", "title": "Rachna Banerjee shoots in Puri", "text": "It's been close to eight years since Rachna Banerjee shot in Puri. That's why it was special when they returned to shoot there for Arindam Dey's Bengali film titled \"Gogol\".Says Rachna, \"I have lost count of the number of Odia movies that I have shot in Puri. But this is the first time that I am shooting a Bengali film here. \"It's nice to speak in Odia again. In this film, I play Gogol's mother.\"Shamik Sinha, who is playing a negative character and is also the music composer of the movie, is shooting in Puri for the first time. \"I've come here on numerous occasions. But this is the first time that I am shooting in Puri.Meanwhile, Ahijit Ghosh, a class VI student, plays Gogol. This is his first film and Arindam is pretty happy with his protagonist's performance. Shooting for the film will be held in Puri and Konark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15103023", "title": "Cyber police dreads crimes that crosses national boundaries", "text": "AHMEDABAD: What makes the men in khaki dread cyber crimes? No, its not the ever-changing modus operandi or criminals themselves who have numerous virtual identities - it is the state and country borders that play the major deterrent for police officials investigating new-age crimes.The issue was discussed at recently-concluded two-day workshop on cyber crimes organized by Data Security Council of India (DSCI) and Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology in collaboration with Gujarat Forensic Sciences University (GFSU) at Gandhinagar.Talking in the event, D Suresh, inspector of cyber cell, Bangalore, said that the typical cases coming to cyber crime police stations involve social networking site misuse, data theft or Nigerian frauds. \"In most of the cases, servers of the websites are located outside India. The standard procedure includes mutual legal assistance treaty (MLAT) in which we have to send the detail to the state police head who gets in touch with Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA). The MHA officials provide details of the cases to INTERPOL that later asks specific government agency to investigate. When the reply eventually comes, it is no less than two years. By that time any case would be dead for investigation,\" he said.He added that there should be redressal mechanism with popular sites such as Google and Facebook by which they can help in quicker investigation of important cases. Other police officials shared their case studies with 200-plus participants mostly consisting of police officers and forensic scientists.\"Another deterrent comes in form of lack of data on part of private companies. In a case where we were asked to investigate the case of suspected data theft, the logs of that IT-enabled services company were no older than one month. While the data theft might have occurred three months back, there was no proof to substantiate the claim or further investigation. Same is the case with mobile phone companies that doesn't provide GPRS data of internet surfing by users beyond three months. They are also not in the same format that can be used for investigation,\" said a Gujarat police official. The police officials also discussed ever-changing technology and its misuse by the criminals.\"We are yet to get the 3G interceptors or decoders. While most of the forensic science tools at the moment deal with 2G spectrum, we are yet to upgrade ourselves as criminals have access to better technology,\" said a participant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15099103", "title": "Photo journalists can play a social role: Governor BL Joshi", "text": "LUCKNOW: Asserting that photos speak more than a thousand words, Governor BL Joshi said photo journalists can play a great role to help society get rid of evils. \"Photo journalists can play a social role,\" he said while speaking at the conclusion of a two-day photo exhibition organised by Uttar Pradesh Photographers Club in the memory of deceased photo journalists.Joshi cited the example of a photographer who wanted to click a picture of Winston Churchill . After trying many times, he did not get the required emotions on the face of Churchill. Suddenly photographer snatched the cigar from Churchill's mouth and clicked his picture in which the leader's anger was visible on his face. Joshi praised the photographs displayed in the exhibition. He also launched a monthly directory containing the phone numbers of photographers and cameramen.Joshi also felicitated photographers who had exhibited their work in the exhibition besides giving financial assistance cheques to kin of the deceased photo journalists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15098836", "title": "All quiet on road to Mughal-era ruins", "text": "NEW DELHI: Saturday night clashes between protesters and police had triggered chaos at the site believed to contain remains of the 17th-century Akbarabadi Masjid. But on Sunday, all was quiet at the disputed site as police had brought the situation under control.Broken shards of glass strewn all over the road, pieces of rock and bricks, charred vehicles and barricades were all that remained as grim reminder of the previous night's unrest.\"Everything is peaceful now. We have cooperation of the community people to maintain peace,\" said a senior police officer.Violence had started around 11.15pm on Saturday after a large group of people, police said, had tried to bulldoze their way into the site. When cops asked them to disperse, the mob turned violent and attacked the cops.Several policemen were injured when a hail of stones and bricks fell on them. The mob also set fire to police vehicles and vandalized other vehicles passing by.At this, police lobbed teargas shells and also led a truncheon charge to break up the crowd. Joint CP central range, Taj Hassan; Joint CP northern range, Tejender Luthra; and additional CP, central district, Devesh Chandra Srivastava, along with other DCPs of nearby districts, rushed to the spot to control the situation. Additional force from the nearby districts and police stations were called in too.Nine policemen, including a head constable, were injured in the attack, along with other people. They were all rushed to the Loknayak Hospital.Meanwhile, the police operation continued till 5am as people kept coming back to create unrest. Two people\u2014one from Bijnore and the other from Seelampur\u2014were arrested and several others detained.By Sunday, seven to eight police companies had been deployed at the site along with the Rapid Action Force. Cops were also conducting flag marches to keep trouble at bay. All together about 500 securitymen were at the trouble spot by evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104791", "title": "Madhuri invokes rain gods with her song", "text": "Bollywood diva Madhuri Dixit joined Punekars in their prayers to God for more rains to the water-starved city when she recited a few lines of a 'rain song' from one of her earlier movies.Madhuri recited the song 'koi ladki hai, jab wo hansti hai, baarish hoti hai....chak dhum dhum...' from the movie 'Dil Toh Pagal Hai', even as her husband Dr Sriram Nene sat in the audience listening to her.The song, featuring Madhuri and Shahrukh Khan , was a hit when the movie was released in 1997.Both Madhuri and her husband were attending a blood donation camp organised to mark the birthday of Maharashtra Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar.Lauding the gesture of the donors, Madhuri said, \"Since I am a doctor's wife, I fully understand the importance of blood donation.\"The camp, in which about 8,000 donors participated, was organised by NCP MLA Anil Bhosale who said the blood collected would be supplied to blood banks in rural Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15106054", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee should have been elected unanimously: Yeddyurappa", "text": "BANGALORE, Rubbing salt into the wounds of the BJP, smarting from cross-voting by some of its MLAs in the presidential poll, party strongman B S Yeddyurappa today said Pranab Mukherjee should have been elected unanimously and consensus eluded due to lack of foresight and divergent views.His statement in the Karnataka Legislative Assembly as members congratulated Mukherjee created a flutter in the BJP, coming a day after the poll in which 14 BJP MLAs cross-voted in favour of the UPA's presidential candidate.\"All parties should have come together and there should have been a thinking to elect him unanimously but because of lack of foresight, difference in opinion and other reasons, the election became inevitable,\" said Yeddyurappa, who recently virtually forced the BJP central leadership to make his nominee Jagadish Shettar the chief minister.The former Karnataka chief minister also made a strong appeal to the BJP-led NDA's losing candidate Purno A Sangma to refrain from \"misadventure\" of approaching the Supreme Court.Sangma yesterday did not rule out moving court on the election, saying its process was \"exceptionally partisan\" and alleging that the non-UPA ruled states were lured with packages and inducements and even given threats.\"I appeal to Sangma and also through this House (the Assembly) not to resort to such a misadventure. The world is watching us. It does not not behove anybody. It does not bring pride to anybody. I will also write letter to Sangma (against approaching SC),\" Yeddyurappa said.Mukherjee should have got support of 103 MLAs -- 71 of Congress, 26 of JDS and six independents -- but secured 117 votes in Karnataka as against 103 by Sangma despite the ruling BJP having 119 MLAs. Three votes were declared invalid.Yeddyurappa heaped praise on Mukherjee, saying he is a \"rare personality\" after former Presidents Rajendra Prasad , S Radhakrishnan and A P J Abdul Kalam .After the UPA cleared Mukherjee's name, Yeddyurappa said he personally favoured his candidature but made it clear he would toe the party line (on Sangma's candidature).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15100740", "title": "Doctors in Chandigarh to set breathing right with flute play", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Here, doctors will not ask you to swallow those bitter pills, but will tell you to play flute. This is to expand your lungs for a healthy breathing and prevent asthma or bronchitis. Both the doctors and patients will practice yoga not only to de-stress but also to prevent lifestyle diseases. In a unique initiative, the Indian Medical Association (IMA), Chandigarh, will be starting yoga as a holistic approach towards health. This will include doctors and yoga experts.This yoga will be different as there will be doctors to supervise those patients who have to remain cautious while crouching. \"We come across patients with arthritis and during yoga their condition worsens. They will be told about the right postures and correct way to work out,\" said Dr R S Bedi, president IMA, Chandigarh.Recognizing yoga as a technique which enables proper circulation of blood and breathing, the IMA is preparing a panel of doctors for the purpose. \"This will be open for public at IMA house in Sector 35 and will start from next month. The exact date will be decided after some deliberations with the members of the IMA,\" said Dr Bedi.More emphasis will be laid on preventive healthcare. For those who have a narrow chest (pigeon like) can be asked to play flute or mouth organ. In addition to making patients adopt yoga technique scientifically, the doctors will also learn the art. \"We also have a hectic schedule and cannot focus unless we remain calm. Deep inhalation and exhalation in yoga is recommended by many doctors. But there are some patients who don't follow the instructions properly and end up straining their muscles. We will monitor all these,\" said the IMA president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098769", "title": "Met officials: It will rain good news this week", "text": "MUMBAI: With two good rainfall days, the city finally received its normal quota of showers this week. The weather department had said last week that the monsoon had weakened a bit. But according to the weather bureau website, the city received normal rainfall till last Wednesday.Between Monday (July 16) and Sunday (July 22) this week, Colaba received about 86 mm of rainfall, while Santa Cruz received 139 mm of rainfall.However, according to the Met department, which calculates the weekly rainfall from Thursday to Wednesday, the weather week (from July 12 to 18) in both\u2014the island city and suburbs\u2014received normal rainfall. \"Between July 12 and 18, places like Mumbai, Raigad district and Ratnagiri received normal rainfall. But Thane, Nashik and Sangli received deficient rain, whereas Pune received scanty rainfall,\" said VK Rajeev, director of weather forecast at Indian Meteorological Department, Mumbai. As on Sunday, Colaba was still suffering from a deficiency of 568 mm while Santa Cruz needed 272 mm of rain to be considered normal. The season's total has been 534 mm for Colaba and 867 mm for Santa Cruz.According to the weather department, the off-shore trough, which ran from the Konkan coast to the Karnataka coast, gave good rainfall to the south Maharashtra areas all through the week. \"A low pressure area had formed over the Konkan coast on Friday, but within a day, it moved inland. It is thus, causing rain in areas like Chhattisgarh ,\" said Rajeev.On Sunday, Colaba received no rain, while Santa Cruz recorded only traces. While maximum temperature in both Colaba and Santa Cruz was recorded as 30.9 degree Celsius, the evening humidity levels were high with Colaba recording 81% and Santa Cruz recording 79%.The Met department has said the city is likely to get good rain in the second half of next week. \"A low pressure area is likely to build up by July 26 or 27 and should intensify. Mumbai should get some good rainfall because of this,\" said Rajeev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15098538", "title": "Jingles to create awareness about govt\u2019s labour policies", "text": "NEW DELHI: With an eye on the 2013 assembly polls, the labour department has come up with 10 jingles to create awareness among construction workers about the government's policies meant for them.The jingles give out details of plans under the Construction Worker's Act, 1996, and will be played on FM channels soon. Based on popular bollywood songs, these jingles narrate stories of helpless workers who find solutions to their problems after enrolling with the welfare board.One of the jingles is about a father who receives an education loan of Rs 60,000 for his son. Another jingle is about a labourer who builds a house after receiving a house loan of Rs 1.5 lakh.\"Our aim is to ensure that more construction workers come forward to enroll their name in the welfare board, after learning about the available schemes,\" said labour minister Ramakant Goswami.Out of almost 10 lakh construction workers in Delhi, barely 80,000 workers are registered with the welfare board. As per the Act, enrolled labourers can claim schemes like life insurance, pension, scholarship for children, loan at lesser interest rates, accident cover, etc. \"Last year, we gave Rs 10 crore as education loan for construction workers' kids. 14,272 students benefitted from our scholarship scheme,\" said Goswami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15099967", "title": "Utkal varsity rivals call truce after talks", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Peace seemed to have returned to Utkal University campus here on Sunday after the varsity authorities held parleys between the two warring student groups, who were at loggerheads for the past one week.The university's vice-chancellor, PG council chairman and police held talks with student representatives of the two sides and urged them to uphold the dignity of the premier institute, which often remained tense following students' unrest in the past. The latest skirmish erupted on July 12 following a brawl between the rival camps the previous night. The altercation had stemmed from establishment of a \"help desk\" in the institute. While one group was in favour of the desk to help newcomers on several issues, another group was opposing it tooth and nail. At least six students were injured in the clash allegedly involving outsiders.\"The student representatives have assured us to maintain peace on the campus. We will look into the demands of the students. Police are investigating into the July 12 violence,\" VC Prafulla Kumar Sahoo told TOI.\"I hope both the groups have been united. There was minor misunderstanding between them,\" said Dr Puspanjali Jena of Library Science department, who was present in the truce meeting.Varsity registrar Debendra Nath Jena reiterated that a five-member fact-finding committee would probe into the circumstances leading to the July 12 violence on the campus. The panel has been given 15 days to submit its report and suggest measures to prevent reoccurrence of such incidents in future. PG Council chairman Prafulla Chandra Mishra will chair the committee. Other panel members include Narottam Gaan (political science), Niranjan Pani (public administration), KB Das (commerce), J K Panigrahi (MBA) with administrative officer of PG Council as its convener.Meanwhile, a section of rival students, who were on hunger strike near chancellor M C Chandrakant Bhadare's residence (Raj Bhawan) since July 17, demanding arrest of their assaulters, withdrew their agitation on Sunday. They took out a huge bike rally and were indulged in a near-confrontation situation with the rival groups at entrance of the university.\"Though we are not satisfied over the talk process, the VC has assured us to take action against the students and non-students, who assaulted us. The VC has also assured to give us compensation towards the damage of our belongings,\" Sangram Patra, a student said. \"If the accused are not arrested within 15 days, we will protest,\" Patra said.Student union president Tanmay Swain demanded ouster of pass-outs, who have not vacated hostels in the university. \"Many non-students were behind the July 12 violence. They attacked us and torched vehicles,\" Swain said.\"We will crack the whip on illegal boarders in hostels. The ouster process will start from Monday,\" said PG council chairman Prafulla Chandra Mishra. Asked whether the varsity would now revoke its decision of cancelling the forthcoming students' union poll, Mishra said: \"We will look into it later.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15099857", "title": "Mysore City Corporation clueless about controversial building", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore City Corporation (MCC), which is the authority to issue licence for construction of buildings in the city, has no clue about the controversial under-construction building coming up next to Kukkarahalli lake.The urban body made this revelation when B Srinivas of Vinayak Nagar sought the details under the Right to Information Act.In the wake of controversy surrounding the construction of a building next to housing blocks attached to the university along a patch of land on Bogadhi Road, the applicant approached the MCC seeking information on July 5. In its reply dated July 9, the MCC assistant commissioner (zone 3) has stated that the issue does not come under its purview.\"It comes under the university limits and you can contact them,\" the reply said.Releasing the copies of the RTI reply, former chairman of Mysore Urban Development Authority (Muda) C Basavegowda on Sunday said: \"This is irresponsible. The MCC is the body tasked with implementing building bye laws.\"According to Basavegowda, the building is being constructed violating the Comprehensive Development Plan (CDP) devised by Muda.\"It was marked as open space in the CDP which is now being violated. Though I have intimated this to corporation commissioner M R Ravi 10 days ago, it has not stopped. Today, when I spoke to an engineer attached to the University of Mysore, he said the university is not building the structure and the land is handed over to the government,\" he said.When asked, Basavegowda said he is not aware as to who is building the structure. \"Even if it is built by the government or private persons, it violates the CDP,\" he said, setting July 25 deadline for the MCC to step in. \"If the civic body fails, we will hold a dharna at the site on July 26,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15102564", "title": "Brahmanandam turns Gaja Donga", "text": "Brahmanandam is back again in a full length hilarious role for a film \"Gaja Donga\". The movie was launched yesterday (July 22) at Ramanaidu Studios in Hyderabad. The film has Chaitanya and Prakruti in the lead roles while Brahmi's character will be carried all through the film.Gaja Donga is about how a thief brings together a separated couple and the difficulties he faces in the process. RS Suresh is directing this comedy entertainer produced by U Srinivas under Bhavani Media. The regular shooting of this film commences next month. Gaja Donga will be another Brahmi's film, in which the actor will be playing the title role after Jaffa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15100193", "title": "Land acquisition process for ring road yet to start", "text": "VARANASI: The fate of the ring-road project, sanctioned in 2000, may continue to hang in balance till the state government agrees to pay Rs 300 crore to complete the land acquisition process.The officials of National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) disclosed that after the formation of Samajwadi Party government, fresh correspondence had been made about two months back to draw its attention towards the basic requirements of the ring-road project. No official reply from the state government has been received so far. But, minister of state for PWD and irrigation Surendra Patel has assured that a major announcement in this regard can be made by the chief minister, whenever he would visit the city.Taking note of the ground realities of unplanned developed in the city, Union surface transport ministry reached a conclusion in 2001 that decongestion of the roads was the only solution to reduce the traffic problem in Varanasi. Checking the entry of heavy vehicles in the city by making direct connectivity of national highways on the outskirts was the basic objective of this project.The Union government sanctioned the project of ring road for Varanasi in the same year when it gifted roads in fast-track category (National Highway Development Project-I) to many other cities of the country. The projects for the other cities were completed but Varanasi still waits to see it coming on the floor.Bitter relationship between the then Mulayam Singh Yadav government and Union government was responsible for the delay in the project between 2002 and 2007. The state government was rigid that PWD would complete the project while Centre was not ready for it. This tug-of-war between state and the Union government continued until Mayawati came to power in 2007.Finally, the project was handed over to NHAI in 2009. Ring road for Varanasi was included in the NHAI's national highway development project plan-7. This development was followed by the appointment of consultant to conduct a survey for the alignment of the ring road. In 2010, the survey report was forwarded to the NHAI headquarters.Initially, when the PWD was handling this project, it had decided to complete it in three phases. In the first phase, land was to be acquired to link the highways leading to Jaunpur and Ghazipur districts with the fast-track road. The working agencies prepared a list of 34 villages. As per the land rate prevalent in 2000, a fund of Rs 14.5 crore was sanctioned for the land acquisition. But, as the land price escalated, a revised proposal of Rs 38 crore was forwarded to the government in 2007-2008.After getting the project, the NHAI decided that the entire project would be completed in one phase only. Apart from linking NH-2 (GT Road), NH-56 (Varanasi-Lucknow highway) and NH-29 (Varanasi-Gorakhpur highway) the construction of a four-lane bridge on Ganga is also proposed in the project.With the approval of the alignment, the NHAI had to start the process of acquiring 60-metre wide strip for 56 km ring road in 2010. At the same time, the officials revealed that the NHAI clarified that the cost of land required for the project would have to be borne by the state government.CM Akhilesh Yadav had not taken any decision in this regard. The NHAI officials say that until the process of land acquisition is completed, the floating of tender for the ring road construction is impossible. The new master plan prepared for the city's planned development in the next 20 years and forwarded to the state government for its approval by the town and country planning department in 2011, is based on the ring road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15102774", "title": "MHA declines security clearance to three Iranian banks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Home Ministry has declined security clearance to three Iranian banks intending to open branches in India which would have made easier for Indian companies trade with that country.Security clearance to Parsian Bank, Bank Pasargad and Eghtesad-e-Novin Bank has been denied fearing possibility of money laundering and terror financing in transactions through them, official sources said.The government move follows India accepting international guidelines set by the Financial Action Task Force (FATF), based in Paris.India, which became its member in 2010, is required to follow its international guidelines to check money laundering and terror-financing activities.Branches of Iranian banks in India may have helped oil and other companies which face difficulties in trade with Iranian companies in view of the US sanctions on Tehran.India exports rice, wheat, tea, yarn, textiles, fertilisers and machineries while it imports crude oil.The target fixed for import of crude oil from Iran for 2012-13 is approximately 15.5 million tons. Total crude oil imported from Iran by Indian companies during 2010-11 and 2011-12 was 18.50 million tons and 17.44 million tons respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15100174", "title": "In a first, 'life' recreated in computer", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists claim to have developed the world's first complete computer model of an organism, which can use computer-aided design for better diagnosis and treatment of diseases.A team of Stanford researchers , including an Indian, used data from more than 900 scientific papers to account for every molecular interaction that takes place in the life cycle of Mycoplasma genitalium, the world's smallest free-living bacterium.The model represents a stepping-stone toward the use of computer-aided design in bioengineering and medicine, according to the Journal 'Cell' .\"This achievement demonstrates a transforming approach to answering questions about fundamental biological processes,\" said James M Anderson, director National Institutes of Health Division of Program Coordination, Planning and Strategic Initiatives . \"Comprehensive computer models of entire cells have the potential to advance our understanding of cellular function and, ultimately, to inform new approaches for the diagnosis and treatment of disease,\" he said.Biology over the past two decades has been marked by the rise of high-throughout studies producing enormous troves of cellular information. A lack of experimental data is no longer the primary limiting factor for researchers . Instead, it's how to make sense of what they already know. \"Many of the issues we're interested in aren't single-gene problems,\" said Covert, adding \"they're the complex result of hundreds or thousands of genes interacting\" . \"This situation has resulted in a yawning gap between information and understanding that can only be addressed by \"bringing all of that data into one place and seeing how it fits together\" , said Stanford bioengineering graduate student and co-first author Jayodita Sanghvi.Mycoplasma genitalium is a humble parasitic bacterium known mainly for showing up uninvited in human urogenital and respiratory tracts. The pathogen also has the distinction of containing the smallest genome of any free-living organism - only 525 genes, as opposed to the 4,288 of E coli, a more traditional laboratory bacterium. The model will help to demonstrate a number approaches , including detailed investigations of DNA-binding protein dynamics and identification of new gene functions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15099785", "title": "State records surplus rainfall in last 48 hours", "text": "MANGALORE: The last 48 hours has seen Karnataka record surplus rainfall of 55% and 13% up to 8.30am on Saturday and Sunday, respectively, even as the state is facing an overall deficit of 38% for the period June 1 to July 22. Rainfall over Karnataka in the last 24 hours up to 8.30am on Sunday is considered as scattered, since 47% of hoblis and gram panchayats recorded rainfall more than or equal to 2.5mm.Rainfall was widespread in nine districts; fairly widespread in four; scattered in six; isolated in six others and negligible in five districts in the last 24 hours up to 8.30am on Sunday. Monsoon was vigorous in two districts; active in four, normal in 13, and weak in 11 districts. Three districts recorded very heavy rain; five heavy rain; four rather heavy rain; nine moderate rain; four light rain; and five districts very light rain.Shishila in Belthangady taluk in Dakshina Kannada district recorded a maximum rainfall of 226.5mm in the last 24 hours up to 8.30am on Sunday. Widespread, moderate to rather heavy rain was received in Uttara Kannada, Davangere, Kodagu, Udupi, Shimoga, Dakshina Kannada, Bidar, Chikmagalur and Haveri; fairly widespread, rather heavy rain in Hassan, Yadgir, Belgaum and Chitradurga, according to KSNDMC (Bangalore).As against a normal weighted average rainfall of 393.1mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, the state received 243.5mm rainfall from June 1 to July 22. For 24-hour period ending 8.30am on July 22, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 11.1mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 9.8mm. The coastal districts recorded deficit of 17% compared to other geographical regions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15099807", "title": "New food safety law norms to be effective from Aug 4", "text": "PATNA: Senior officials of Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) here on Saturday informed traders, food processors and industrialists of the state that newnorms of Food Safety Standards Act (FSSA) would come into force from August 4, 2012, under which, by that date, everyone in the food production and supply chain has to be registered and seek license from local area authorities, state and central government as per turnover and business.At a programme organized by the Bihar Industries Association (BIA) on its premises, the joint director, FSSAI, Kolkata, D P Guha, said everyone in the food supply chain, including small traders, hawkers, itinerant vendors, dhaba owners, roadside snack and tea stalls, apart from other small and big producers, traders and suppliers will have to get registered under the Act before August 4.He said the process of registration and getting license has been made simple, with the minimum registration fee for hawkers and small traders being Rs 100. The FSSA has enabled creation of self-compliance regime in which continuous correct operation and quality food supply would not invite inspection, but any complaint would lead to the FSSAI chasing the erring ones in the food supply chain, Guha said.Before this meet, the BIA had informed its members and others about the importance of FSSA, for which awareness at the national level was being created for about a year. The BIA had invited food producers, traders and also the avid consumers for the meet.Guha said all the Acts, Regulations and Orders for maintaining quality and standard of food items and services in the supply chain management had been amalgamated in the FSSA.Making a power-point presentation, FSSAI's consultant, Shridhar, said the FSSA has made exhaustive safety, sanitary and hygienic conditions mandatory for registration/licensing. He said the State Food Controller can designate any local area licensing/registration office at the municipal and panchayat level for registration and licensing. He said that even the 'prasad' offered and distributed at temples must be of standard and safe for human consumption and this has also been brought under the purview of FSSA, even though it's a non-profitable activity.He said FSSA provided for maintaining safety and standard at any stage of manufacture, processing and packaging of food products. He enumerated the provision of fees, as per the turnover of food processors and others in the food production and supply chain, to be realized as registration/licensing fees by the state and central licensing authorities. License of the food producer, supplier and others in the food supply chain would be suspended or cancelled on non-fulfilment of FSSA provisions for making the food safe and maintaining its standard, he said.The former state food controller and presently expert, Food Analytical laboratory, J K Singh, said 38 ADMs of the state have been trained in enforcement of FSSA to ensure that registration/licensing provisions are fulfilled and food items are safe, hygienic, wholesome and free of contaminants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15084161", "title": "Rakhis made on cartoon characters woo buyers", "text": "RANCHI: Handmade rakhis are the most favourite this season. Be it stone studded or sea-shell embedded, handmade rakhis are being sought after by girls to tie on their brothers' wrist this Raksha Bandhan on August 2.Trisha, a teenager who is buying a rakhi, said, \"Handmade rachis, even though they are costlier, have more perfection in them.\"Special rakhis are available for all age groups in the market. For children, rakhis based on cartoon characters are available and most of which are available with toys. \"We have rakhis based on Mario, Chhota Bheem, Winnie the Pooh and other cartoon characters. The latest introduction this year is the rakhi based on angry birds which is very popular among kids as well as youth. The kids' rakhis are available from Rs 5 to Rs 200\" said Ravi, a rakhi seller at Uppar Bazaar.The thin stone-studded rakhis ranging from Rs150 to Rs 300 are the most popular among the middle-aged women. \"The stone-studded rakhis look beautiful as well as mature,\" said Madhuri (37). \"This rakhi will really suit my brother's wrist.\"The lumba-rakhi set, a traditional rakhi for both brother and sister-in-law which is popular among Marwari families, are also available in the market in various designs and colours ranging from Rs 100 to Rs 599. Manoj, a rakhi seller said, \"We have lumbas studded with stones, sea shells and mirrors. In the set, both lumba and rakhi are of the same colour, and the dangles of lumba are of various sizes from small to big but the big ones are more popular.\"Pooja thali sets are also available in the market. Nihaal, a shopkeeper said, \"The thali includes everything from rakhi to rice and coconut and is available in the range of Rs 175 to Rs 300.\"These thalis are more popular among those girls whose brothers stay away from home. Supriya, a student of Women's College, said, \"My brother lives in Bangalore and I don't like sending him a plain rakhi so I will be sending a thali set to him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15099367", "title": "Ahmedabad's green heritage: City has maximum number of aging giant trees", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city is miserably low when it comes to number of trees per person. Surprisingly though, it is home to a huge number of big and old trees.A tree is called big when it has achieved a trunk girth of over 200 cm. The first ever tree count taken up by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation has revealed that there are 14,150 trees in its jurisdiction with a girth of about 200 to 250 cm and 6,420 trees of 251 to 300 cm. The count also revealed that there are 2,310 trees which have girth of over 300 cm.The average tree size in Ahmedabad is bigger than all other cities of Gujarat. Of the 6.18 lakh trees in the city, there are 22,880 with a girth of 200 cm and above. It is 3.7 per cent of the total tree count in the city and is much higher than the same figure for Gandinagar, the greenest city in India. In the eight municipal corporations of Gujarat, there are a total of 33,619 trees with girth of over 200 cm.Additional principal chief conservator of forest of Gujarat H S Singh said, \"In all eight municipal corporation, only 1.31 per cent of total trees have girth of over 200 cm. A heritage city, Ahmedabad has relatively more old trees than in the others.\"Certain areas such as Ahmedabad, and its satellite including Bopal, Sanand, and neighbouring Bhal region, are being filled up by concrete structures at the cost of wetlands, natural vegetation and agricultural lands, the official added.On the other hand, the average tree size much lower in Bhavnagar, which has overall higher count. This is due to a large number of small trees (Acacia Senegal) in Victoria Park in that city, said an official of forest department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15102677", "title": "NRIs' body NAPA protests against value based custom duty on gold", "text": "JALANDHAR: Expressing anger at the enforcement of 45 year old custom law which NRI women could carry gold jewellery worth Rs 20,000 and men only worth Rs 10,000 without paying custom North American Punjabi Association (NAPA) has said that any stipulation should be of weight.\"It is ridiculous to apply this 45 year old stipulation about value of the gold when there is several fold increase in the prices,\" said NAPA president Satnam Singh Chahal. \"Requests made by associations of NRIs have been ignored and India continues to charge custom duty based on the value of the gold instead of weight,\" he said.He held that as per this rule an NRI women could carry only 7.1 gm of gold jewellery and men could take only 3.5 gm of the precious metal into India without being subject to customs charges. \"This is a ridiculous proposition by the Indian law enforcers when it is common knowledge that an Indian woman generally wears gold ornaments weighing not less than 40-50 grams but now she can carry only a small ring without paying duty,\" Chahal argued.\"As per the new rules now an NRI carrying gold ornaments beyond the permitted limit will have to pay 10 percent of the value plus three percent of the duty as an education tax. Earlier, one had to pay only Rs 300 per10grams of gold jewellery. However, most homebound Indians who usually wear sizable amounts of gold jewellery were caught unawares at airports in India,\" he said.Chahal said that as per the information received in the NAPA Office one lady was carrying some gold ornaments as a wedding gift for a close relative's daughter. She was shocked when she was stopped at the Green Channel at the Kochi airport and asked to declare the jewellery in her possession. This lady did not want to pay the heavy customs duty, so she decided to deposit the gold jewellery at the airport, which she would bring back when she returns to the United Kingdom next month, he added. North American Punjabi Association(NAPA)called the move \"unrealistic and illogical.\" In a statement sent to Indian media outlets Mr Chahal said the government of India has intentionally introduced this tax mainly meant for NRIs, especially NRIs who return home frequently. \"This measure is illogical in the sense that the current duty-free import of gold and jewelry was fixed several decades ago, at a time when the price of gold was negligible,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15099975", "title": "Legal notices issued to 68 labour camps", "text": "KOCHI: The special squads of district health department on Saturday gave legal notices to 68 labour camps in the district due to unhygienic conditions.The action was taken after the surprise raids conducted by the squads in 194 labour camps where interstate migrant labourers brought for construction works were accommodated.Officials in the health department said the labour camps were unhygienic and lacked basic facilities including drinking water and toilets. The raids were conducted by the officials mainly in Kakkanad, Idachira and labour camps near Edappally. District rural health officer PN Sreenivasan said hygiene in labour camps is very poor and the drives were carried out in order to ensure cleanliness in the camps. \"Along with issuing legal notices to employers they have also asked to provide basic facilities to the labourers in a weeks' time,\" he said.The raids were conducted by the health department at camps mainly in Kakkanad, Idachira and Edappally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15103321", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee should reject Afzal Guru's plea, create history: Bal Thackeray", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray on Monday said that Pranab Mukherjee should begin his tenure as President by rejecting the mercy plea of Parliament attack convict Afzal Guru and create history.Congratulating Mukherjee on his election as the 13th President, Thackeray said we have great expectations from Pranab Mukherjee.\"First of all, reject Afzal's mercy petition and hang him. The terrorist who attacked the sovereignty of the country should not stay alive,\" Sena mouthpiece 'Samana' quoted Thackeray as saying.\"You (Pranab) will have to perform this sacred duty,\" he said.Recalling the contribution of 'Lal, Bal and Pal' (Lala Lajpat Rai, Balgangadhar Tilak and Bipin Chandra Pal) in the freedom struggle, he said even today the magic of this triumvirate remains.\"Lal's Punjab is occupying the Prime Ministerial post but the country has not got the required strength. This is because of the hollow functioning (of the government) under Sonia Gandhi's blessings. Nobody can occupy the place of Tilak. Now Pal's place is taken by Pranab Mukherjee. It is a matter of pride,\" Thackeray said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15099570", "title": "Kashinath Jhalmi passes away", "text": "PANAJI: Former minister and opposition leader Kashinath Jhalmi passed away on Sunday evening after a brief illness. He is survived by his wife Vidya and son Kurund. He was undergoing treatment at the Goa Medical College and hospital, Bambolim, for the past few days as he was suffering from cardiac problems.Former MGP colleague Ramakant Khalap said, \"Jhalmi's erudition and commitment to public causes was so intense that he would try to go to the root of the issue.\" MGP leader Pandurang Dhavalikar said Jhalmi was a dedicated member of the party and helped him take a bow into politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15101982", "title": "No Indian educational institution among top 30 in Asia", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: No Indian educational institution was able to make it among the top 30 in the recently released Asian institution rankings.\"QS Asian University 2012 rankings have just been released and no Indian educational institution has been able to make it among the top 30 Asian institutions,\" chairman- Board of Governors of Indian Institute of Technology, Gandhinagar, G N Mashelkar said, while speaking at the first Convocation of the institute here.The ranking was released around two weeks ago, he said adding only four Indian institutions have made it to top 50.Expressing concern over the trend, Mashelkar said none of our (Indian) educational institutions have occupied space ever in top one hundred in the global rankings released by Sanghai University.\"The global rankings is given by Sanghai University, and we have never been there in the top one hundred,\" he said.He pointed out that for an institute to rise to top, it should essentially have three virtues - innovation, passion and compassion.Chief guest on the occasion, Infosys chairman Emeritus Narayana Murthy told the students that they were passing out at a time when India was the cynosure of all eyes.\"The world expects India to be one of the leaders to solve global problems of politics and economics. India sits at the high table in major multilateral deliberations,\" Murthy said.\"We are also the most thin skinned people. We have to learn to take criticism objectively. Therefore, when somebody criticises you or India, do not loose temper. Sit down with him or her, ask for data and facts, and argue rationally,\" he advised the students.\"Remember that discipline, speed of decision making and velocity of action are necessary attributes for high performance. Every day, in whatever you do, just ask how you can make it cheaper, faster and better. I believe that innovation must become part of the DNA of every organisation from the janitor to the chairman,\" he said.Eighty-six students were awarded degrees in Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) at the convocation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15098496", "title": "Special team tails businessman\u2019s abductors", "text": "NOIDA: After TOI's report of fresh threat to Noida industrialist Kapil Gupta's life, a special team has been formed to nab his kidnappers who had recently sent a letter threatening him to withdraw the case filed against them.Senior police officers said that the accused are tech-savvy and have switched off their mobile phones so that their whereabouts cannot be traced. They are also not in touch with their families and were reportedly last seen in the NCR region.SSP Praveen Kumar said that the accused, Sunny Malik, Monu Gujjar and Kavita, all in their early 30s, are very good with technology.\"They know how to evade arrest technically. Around 25 days ago, we got a tip-off that Monu was spotted in Muzaffarnagar,\" Kumar said.Cops had raided the area, but Monu managed to escape. Even during Gupta's abduction, the criminals had been able to dupe the police technologically. Even though they were hiding in Uttar Pradesh, their location was showing as Dehradun in Uttarakhand.\"The three kidnappers are trying to get bail from the Allahabad high court. They are wanted in the case registered under Sections 364A and 120B of IPC with the Sector 20 police station. I am reeling under immense mental pressure and hope that they are arrested soon,\" Kapil Gupta told TOI.\"Gupta had paid a ransom of Rs 5 crore to escape from their clutches when he was kidnapped by them in September, 2011. The police managed to recover only Rs 4.15 crore. As a result, the criminals are financially sound to keep changing their location,\" said a source.SSP Praveen Kumar said, \"When the police looked at the modus operandi, it appeared that the criminals are very experienced in kidnappings. We believe that they were even involved in the abductions of businessman Saurabh Jain and Satender Narayan Tripathi, joint director in Petroleum Conservation Research Association, who was kidnapped on the intervening night of July 8 and 9.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103366", "title": "No personal dig at Bhansali: Ekta Kapoor", "text": "There have been reports that filmmaker Sanjay Leela Bhansali is miffed with the spoofs on 'Devdas' in 'Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum'.The film features a scene where Tusshar is dressed as Devdas and Neha Sharma and Sarah-Jane Dias as Chandramukhi and Paro respectively. It is believed that the ladies make a remark about battery-operated sex toys available in the market when Tusshar's character tries to convince Neha about falling for him instead of Sarah.Bhansali had been upset previously when Rohit Shetty had made fun of him in his ' Golmaal ' series.However producer Ekta Kapoor clarifies, \"A spoof is the best form of flattery. We've spoofed as many as five films including ' The Dirty Picture '. Everyone knows that the spoofs are in a light vein. There is no personal dig and I don't think Sanjay will be upset.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15106132", "title": "South-west monsoon again slips into deficit after weekend surplus", "text": "MANGALORE: After a good-run over the weekend, South-west monsoon again stepped into the negative clocking a deficit of 61% over the last 24-hours ending 8.30am on Monday. Rainfall was widespread in four districts, fairly widespread in four others, scattered in four more, isolated in 13 districts and negligible in five districts. South-west monsoon was normal in 10 districts and weak in 20 districts of Karnataka, Bangalore based KSNMDC stated.Heavy rain was recorded in five districts; rather heavy rain in three, moderate rain in eight; light Rain in nine and very light rain in five districts. Rainfall over Karnataka in the last 24-hours is considered s cattered since 27% of hoblis and gram panchayats recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm. Shishila in Belthangady t aluk in DK district recorded maximum rainfall of 111.50mm for the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Monday.Widespread, moderate to heavy rain was recorded in Kodagu, Udupi, Shimoga, Dakshina Kannada; fairly widespread, moderate to heavy raininUttara Kannada, Davanagere, Chikmagalur and Haveri; scattered, moderate to heavy raininChikkaballapur, Bangalore Rural, Hassan and Chitradurga; isolated, light to heavy raininBijapur, Gulbarga, Bellary, Bagalkot, Bangalore Urban, Mysore, Koppala, Ramanagara, Belgaum, Dharwad, Tumkur, Gadag and Kolar. D ry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state.Karnataka for the period June 1 to July 22 has recorded deficit rainfall of 38%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 403mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state received 248.1mm rainfall. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on July 23, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 3.9mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 9.9mm, a deficit of 61%, KSNDMC added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15100089", "title": "Buyers shying away from green buildings", "text": "SURAT: When Surat Builders Association (SBA) organized a property show in March, nearly 25 developers promised to come up with 51 green buildings, all residential, in the city.Nearly 30 buildings are under construction, but the developers are finding it difficult to sell them as buyers are not willing to pay additional cost incurred due to specific green building provisions. As result, the construction of green buildings has slowed down in the city.Velji Sheta, president of Surat Builders Association, said, \" We incur 12-15 per cent more expenses in green buildings. People are reluctant to buy in such schesms but now the awareness is gradually increasing.\"Green buildings concept assumes significance considering that Surat has city has just 8.4 per cent green cover, lowest among the big cities of western India.\"There is an additional cost factor involved in these projects and at times buyers are not willing to part with this hiked charges,\" said Tarun Rawal, who is planning green residential schemes in Parvat Patia and Vesu. \"Yes, we know we need to develop green buildings and townships for the future of the sustainable city. But first we need to educate people about such buildings, its benefits and advantages in the long run,\" added Rawal, who is the former president of SBA.If the houses have a green roof, temperatures can be brought down by at least three degrees Celsius. This was the view expressed by the experts of Indian Green Building Council (IGBC) in a seminar on - Green and Sustainable City Development organized by South Gujarat Chamber and Commerce and Industry. (SGon Saturday.The concept of green building is fairly new for our country and in 2010 India had just one green building but it has taken off well and today we have 1700 such buildings. Surat too has a known building at Hajira in form of L&T; building in the complex.Large number of diamond houses has come up with the new designs of their factory units which fit in the green building concepts of the city.\"Keeping environment in mind we designed our new factory building in such a way that it has direct rays of Sunlight, green cover and minimum use of air conditioners,\" said Govind Dholakiya, owner of Shree Ramkrishna Exports.\"Unless we have green building concept in our constructions, it will be very difficult to sustain the high economic growth engine of the city,\" said Ankur Sanghavi, an architect from a university in Arizona, US and member of Indian Green building Council (IGBC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15099972", "title": "Awareness seminar on monsoon held in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: The Ernakulam district committee of the Ayurveda Medical Association of India (AMAI) organized a one-day seminar in the city on Sunday for creating awareness on the prevention of monsoon diseases. The seminar, which was attended by 90 doctors from across the state, observed that monsoon diseases can be prevented by making changes to the diet during the three months period before the onset of monsoon. Addressing the seminar, associate professor, Kannur Ayurveda College, S Gopakumar emphasized on the need for creating awareness for preventing outbreak of monsoon diseases. The seminar was also attended by Dhatri managing director Sajikumar, Bhadra Kochi corporation mayor B deputy and MLA Hibi Eden .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15099273", "title": "Drugs drove Ahmedabad's rogue bikers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: They come from well-to-do families, have access to fast bikes and have money to splurge - meet the members of the 'bikers' gang of Ahmedabad that wreaked havoc on city roads on Thursday when a dozen bikes and scooters were set on fire by them, just for 'fun'.When the police officials questioned them about their acts, they were surprised to know that it was sheer peer pressure and the kick to see their acts in the media the next day that drove them to the acts.\"Most of the teens caught, live in posh areas and come from upper middle class families. Fathers of some of the teens own factories in eastern parts or have own business. Some of the teens used to get Rs 150 everyday as pocket money and were given access to bikes. The money played a major role as they got into habit of taking drugs for high. Contraband worked as bonding agent for the group as teens come from different areas, schools and social standing,\" said a senior police official.Officials said that the teens start off from their residence on pretext of meeting a friend or spending night at a friend's residence for studies. They would start off on bikes and then meet at various paan parlors in the city, which served as assembly point. \"What started off as camaraderie soon turned into peer pressure for some as they first tasted cigarette in such meets and then graduated to drugs,\" said the official.How the fire show started? Investigators said that the incident on July 19 was not the first for the group. They used to go out in groups of four to five bikes, sometimes high on drugs. During such periods, they first targeted parked cars on three to four occasions where they would pelt stones and flee from the spot. As they derived fun from it, they then once took out petrol from a parked bike and poured it over to set the vehicle ablaze. As the bike caught flames, they fled from the spot.\"The first few incidents took place on isolated spots around SG Road, the road they used to throng the most. However, as they were solitary incidents, nobody took notice or connected the dots. However, on July 19, they got out on large group and took route from the highway to interiors where they targeted random bikes and set them ablaze,\" said the official.Who is responsible for the act? Investigators said that an in-depth questioning is still to be done but they believe that the adults took leadership in such incidents and the others followed to stick with the group. \"We are hopeful of catching some more youths whose names are surfacing now,\" said Sharad Singhal, in-charge DCP, zone I.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104625", "title": "HIV may not up cervical cancer risk in women", "text": "HIV-infected and uninfected women with normal cervical cytology (Pap test) and a negative test result for oncogenic (tumor inducing) human papillomavirus DNA had a similar risk of cervical precancer and cancer, a study has found.Howard D. Strickler, M.D., M.P.H., of the Albert Einstein College of Medicine of Yeshiva University , New York , presented the findings of the study at a JAMA media briefing at the International AIDS Conference.\"U.S. cervical cancer screening guidelines for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-uninfected women 30 years or older have recently been revised, increasing the suggested interval between Papanicolaou (Pap) tests from 3 years to 5 years among those with normal cervical cytology results who test negative for oncogenic human papillomavirus (HPV). Whether a 3-year or 5-year screening interval could be used in HIV-infected women who are cytologically normal and oncogenic HPV-negative is unknown,\" the researchers noted.Dr. Strickler and colleagues conducted a study to examine the 3-year and 5-year risk of cervical precancer and cancer defined by cytology (i.e., high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion or greater [HSIL+]) and histology (cervical intraepithelial neoplasia 2 or greater [CIN-2+]), in HIV-infected women (n = 420) and HIV-uninfected women (n = 279).The participants, who at the beginning of the study had a normal Pap test result and were negative for oncogenic HPV, were enrolled in a multi-institutional U.S. cohort of the Women's Interagency HIV Study, between October 2001 and September 2002, with follow-up through April 2011. Semiannual visits at 6 clinical sites included Pap testing and, if indicated, cervical biopsy.Overall, no oncogenic HPV was detected in 369 (88 percent) of the HIV-infected women and 255 (91 per cent) of the HIV-uninfected women with normal cervical cytology at enrollment. Two cases of HSIL+ were observed during the 5 years of observation, 1 among the HIV-uninfected women and 1 among the HIV-infected women with a CD4 cell count of 500 cells/L or greater. Overall, the cumulative incidence of HSIL+ was 0.3 percent in HIV-infected women and 0.4 per cent in HIV-uninfected women.Based on a total of 15 cases, the researchers found that the cumulative incidence of CIN-2+ over 5 years of follow-up was 2 percent in HIV-infected women with CD4 cell count less than 350 cells/L, 2 per cent in those with CD4 cell count of 350 to 499 cells/L, 6 per cent in those women with CD4 cell count of 500 cells/L or greater, and 5 per cent in HIV-uninfected women.When the researchers combined the data among HIV-infected women, they found that the overall 5-year cumulative incidence of CIN-2+ in HIV-infected women was 5 percent.\"Of the CIN-2+ cases, 2 were CIN-3 (an HIV-infected woman with a baseline CD4 cell count of 350-499 cells/L, and an HIV-uninfected woman). The overall 5-year cumulative incidence of CIN-3+ was 0.5 per cent in HIV-infected women and 0.7 per cent in HIV-uninfected women. No cancers were observed,\" the researchers stated.\"In summary, the results of this prospective study suggest that HIV-infected women undergoing long-term clinical follow-up who are cytologically normal and oncogenic HPV-negative have a risk of cervical precancer similar to that in HIV-uninfected women through 5 years of follow-up.\"Additional observational studies or a randomized clinical trial may be necessary before clinical guideline committees consider whether to expand current recommendations regarding HPV co-testing to HIV-infected women. More broadly, the current investigation highlights the potential for a new era of molecular testing, including HPV as well as other biomarkers, to improve cervical cancer screening in HIV-infected women,\" they concluded.The study will appear in the July 25 issue of JAMA, a theme issue on HIV/AIDS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15100413", "title": "Kanpur gets first mobile blood donation van", "text": "KANPUR: The industrial city will soon get its first mobile blood donation van. The mega project of state health department and UP AIDS Control Society is seen as a step to increase blood donation, especially from the rural areas. This innovative idea will also work to remove myths related to blood donation among the rural population.The decision for the launch of the mobile blood donation van was taken in a divisional meeting held in the state capital on Friday. In this meeting, official of State health department, RK Singh had directed the Additional Directors Health and Family Welfare of three divisions including Lucknow, Kanpur and Faizabad to launch a mobile blood donation van in their regions (mandals) from the first week of August. This mobile van will help in increasing voluntary blood donation and reaching to the outskirts for organizing blood donation camps.\"It's for the first time that not only Kanpur but two other big regions will be receiving such a facility. This will help us in achieving our target of collecting maximum bottles of blood to save many lives,\" said UC Sinha, AD, health and family welfare, Kanpur.He added that the mobile blood donation van will consist of four donor coaches and is centrally air-conditioned with a refrigerator inside the van for blood storage. This van will be very helpful in collecting blood and holding blood donation camps in the interior parts of rural areas of the district which was a difficult task so far due to lack of infrastructure and logistics required to hold such drives.\"The date plan for the locomotion of van will be prepared in all the divisions respectively. The van will conduct voluntary blood donation camps in every division, two times in a month. The rounds to every area will be pre-scheduled,\" added UC Sinha.The van will also be holding a LCD TV in which films and power-point presentations will run to educate people about benefits of blood donation. The technicians and blood collectors will also be given special training to motivate people for blood donation and resolving their myths and queries.The divisional directors are ordered to make a plan for calling the van in particular village of their division which will run from first week of August. The officials are directed to locate the areas with large population where atleast 50 people will come for blood donation at a time. The health department is also planning to conduct pre-scheduled survey at the places where blood donation camps will be scheduled to set up. It would be done to increase the number of voluntary blood donors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15100926", "title": "Arrest of duo busts gangs of vehicle-lifters, snatchers", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police claim to have busted a gang of vehicle-lifters and snatchers with the arrest of two persons. The arrested gang members include Amandeep Singh alias Billa of Ratna village and Jaspal Singh alias Pala of Khadoor village in Ludhiana.Additional station house officer (ASHO), Sadar, Karnail Singh said, \"We nabbed the accused from Lalton area on July 16 and recovered three tractor trolleys, three motorcycles and Rs 5.50 lakh in cash. One of the gang members, Jaswinder Singh alias Binder is absconding.\" The SHO added, \"Among the list of crimes committed by the gang, one included snatching of a bag carrying Rs 6.50 lakh from the owner of Swani Motors showroom in February at Feroze Gandhi Market.The accused have confessed to their crime.\" A case was registered at Division no. 5 police station. Further, the ASHO said this gang had also targeted the employee of postal department and snatched Rs 86,000, a huge quantity of Indian Postal Orders and postal tickets in Mandi Ahmedgarh area. \"We also recovered Rs 24,700, IPOs and tickets from the accused.\" According to sources in police, the gang was active in city from many months. Search for the absconding accused is on, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15098629", "title": "This Nag Panchami, protect the snake", "text": "PUNE: Wildlife activists and snake catchers in the city will conduct a public awareness campaign and a drive to 'save snakes' in the city on Monday, on the occasion of Nag Panchami. The activists have appealed to citizens to use idols or replicas of snakes to worship instead of real ones. The intention of the drive, the activists said, is to create awareness about snakes and the wrong practices that people follow under the garb of religious practices.People worship snakes, especially the cobras, during Nag Panchami. Snake charmers and collectors bring snakes and cobras to public places and display them at snake shows. The reptiles are abused. Their fangs are removed, and they are starved so that they consume milk offered to them by the devotees. This kind of torture proves fatal for the snakes.Santosh Thorat, president of the Wild Animal and Snake Protection Society, said citizens can contact the organisation if they come across such practice. The organisation will send its volunteers not only in the city areas but also too talukas in the district.Anil Avachite, a snake catcher, said though awareness has increasing in using idols of snakes instead of using real ones in religious activities, more awareness is required. Avachite, who is associated with the organisation, People for the Animal, said the number of snakes he used to rescue from snake charmers on Nag Panchami has reduced. These days he rescues around eight snakes as against around 40 nearly 10 years ago. \"It shows a declining trend in using actual snakes for the puja, but awareness drives should continue till the number reaches zero,\" he said.The Pune Municipal Corporation has also planned to create awareness about snakes at the Rajiv Gandhi Zoological Park at Katraj, where public awareness talks will be conducted throughout the day. \"We appeal to students to visit the park, where the experts will proffer information on identifying snakes,\" said Ashwini Shitole, education officer, garden department, PMC.She said the park authorities will keep snake idols in the park so that if people want to worship it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15102597", "title": "Pseudo - Blood of Our Own releases this month", "text": "Calgary, AB based Canadian Bollywood Films is thrilled to announce the release of 'Pseudo - Blood Of Our Own', featuring top international British model and recently named in Eastern Eye magazine's list of World's Top 50 Sexiest men, Naresh K.In a city where streets are overrun by drug dealers, those who have sworn to uphold the law are breaking it to better suit their own needs. Four friends Cheema, Jamal, Johnny and Juggy who are high school friends only have one thing in mind (Fast Money). They all get into the drug trafficking industry for different reasons but a common goal - get rich fast. Helped by a friend, a cop nicknamed Sleaze, an officer whose methods of enforcing the law are questionable, they co-ordinate a series of raids against known drug dealers and steal from them.But when money and power is involved it doesn't take much to turn on each other. When it becomes clear to both the drug boss and Sleaze's hit squad that everyone is playing a dark game of lies and deceit, everyone suddenly feels himself in danger of being caught and exposed to the enemy and is in a race to uncover the true intention of the other man in time to save himself. But will either of them be willing to turn on friends and comrades they've made during their long years? 'Pseudo' follows Sleaze as he takes the law into his own hands and the power of money becomes obvious and the loyalty and trust among friends is put to test.A bold experiment in the growing genre of cross-cultural films, Pseudo is an action packed drama. The film is sure to push the boundaries of what people have come to expect from the conventional cross-cultural films. \"We wanted to make the film entertaining and worth the price of admission. Audience will be pleasantly surprised and find the film to be very different from what has come out of North-America in the name of cross-cultural films in the past\", says Harsimran Dhillon who is the producer. \"Even though the plot is fictional, we wanted to make the characters as real-life as possible\", adds Gursimran, the director of the film.Top international British model and recently named in Eastern Eye magazine's list of World's Top 50 Sexiest men, Naresh K plays the lead role of Sleaze. Toronto heartthrob and hip-hop artist TayShawn Prinse plays Jamal. An ensemble of upcoming local talent makes up rest of the cast led by Winder Gill, Paul Grewal, Thi Vo, Zarif Alibhai and Raji Samra.The film is directed by Gursimran Dhillon from a screenplay written by himself and Colin Drake. Gursimran, a reservist with the Canadian Forces, is a young aspiring director who has worked on numerous Punjabi music videos and is making his debut as a director with Pseudo. Gursimran's background of being able to work in different areas of the creative process, his knowledge of multiple languages and having lived in India and Canada gives him the edge and ability to make films of the cross-cultural genre.Harsimran Dhillon, an engineer by profession, who is the producer, has a lot of experience managing projects, both big and small. He has acted as production manager on various music videos and short films made by Canadian Bollywood Films.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15100848", "title": "New energy needs", "text": "EPFL's Solar Energy and Building Physics Laboratory in Switzerland is working with EPFL Middle East to implement a Swiss building energy consumption standard called 'Minergie' in the UAE. Franco Vigliotti, dean, EPFL, Middle East, talks to Tirna Ray .Why are energy-efficient buildings becoming important globally?Today, residential consumption alone accounts for about one third of the global energy demand , not even including buildings that host industry, businesses or services. In the UAE for example, an estimated 70% of the total energy demand currently goes to air conditioning. As emerging economies face new energy needs, it is expected that the global energy demand will increase by close to 50% by the middle of this century , and 80% of this increase will be urban as more than two thirds of mankind globally will soon live in cities. These transformations are underway , driven by the aspiration to improved prosperity and economic development. If we are really going to address the natural and climatic impact induced by our development as a global society, we need to first look at energy management and energy efficiency.Could you elaborate on the Minergie label?Currently, approximately 24,000 buildings have been certified Minergie since 1996, and the rate of adoption is increasing rapidly in the context of demanding government energy codes. Most of these buildings are located in Switzerland, but some are now in other parts of the world too. This wide-ranging adoption and success for new buildings has been mainly the result of the increased comfort for users, while reducing the energy demand by up to 70% compared to standard buildings. Minergie takes a different route: the choice of technologies that combine these assets - comfort , value and energy efficiency. This approach proved successful , influencing and driving the regular construction codes in Switzerland to significantly higher standards.What are the challenges you are likely to face to implement this standard in UAE?Our study shows that the introduction of Minergie in the UAE would cut the current residential energy demand by about 80% for new constructions - and of course improve significantly the comfort of use by reducing draft, noise, dust infiltration , avoiding mould and improving air quality. So, we feel the value is clear. We believe that the major challenge may be cultural. In Switzerland, it took a good decade of technical training for professionals , of systematic information for potential home owners, and of strong coordination between the professional associations of the building sector and government authorities . In the UAE, such coordination would be required as well, and we believe time would show the acceptance of such standards in the long run.It may require a strong will from the government authorities, to drive the construction industry to engage in a meaningful way. The first step and challenge will be of course to find project owners interested to build pilots.Could you elaborate on how EPFL UAE is working with the main EPFL?Two fairly recent buildings were chosen and monitored by EPFL Middle East in the UAE, in a controlled environment and over an entire year - one residential and one devoted to business activities. Local companies joined the project, contributing real-time information, including construction details, equipment specifications, meteorological data, and finally the effective consumption for these and similar buildings (for crossreferencing ). These data on the two test buildings were first collected and analysed locally. They were subsequently used by our partner and co-founder of the Minergie standard, Ruedi Kriesi, to design the main frame of a Minergie approach for these two buildings. The result of his work was then validated through the work of two master students in the Laboratory of Prof Jean-Louis Scartezzini at EPFL, with the additional support of EPFL Prof Claude-Alain Roulet.The results of the simulations for the existing buildings matched qualitatively and quantitatively the effective energy consumption, over the 12-month duration of the experiment, and the Minergie scheme was then introduced and validated in the calculations.For international scholarships and fellowships, log on to www.myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15098638", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation says river beds not encroached", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Friday claimed that river beds in city limits were completely free of encroachment.\"There are no encroachments on the Mula, Mutha and the Ramnadi that flow through city limits. Hence, the question of action against encroachments does not arise,\" the civic administration said before the general body (GB) meeting.The civic administration was responding to Shiv Sena corporator Prithviraj Sutar's query that came up for discussion on the July agenda of the GB meeting. Sutar had sought information on rivers, encroachments and the actions taken by the civic body. The administration made the claims in a written reply.As the GB meeting was adjourned on Friday to pay condolences to actor Rajesh Khanna and others who demised this month, the issue was not debated. However, the administration's answer evoked sharp reactions from opposition parties and civic activists.BJP city unit chief Vikas Mathkari said, \"The PMC's answer is shocking. We all know that rivers in city have been squeezed in by slum encroachments and illegal constructions. The civic administration has just shown its ignorance and apathy towards this serious issue\".\"If the PMC is unaware of encroachments, we are ready to help them identify the encroached parts of the rivers. In fact, in the entire state, Pune has maximum encroachments in rivers. It seems the PMC has shown complete ignorance while answering the question,\" said Sunil Joshi , convener of Jal Biradari.A survey conducted by the district collector and the PMC in 2007 had shown that the width of the Ramnadi had shrunk by eight to 20 metres and that direction of the river had changed drastically because of encroachments.Even moderate showers during monsoon see water from Ramnadi gushing into houses nearby. The activists working for the cause of rivers said this was happening because the rampant encroachments on the river bed has drastically reduced the water-carrying capacity of the river.Magsaysay award winner Rajendra Singh during his recent visit to the city had said that in Pune, demarcation of land was required to protect the river beds from encroachments.\"Earlier, rivers were treated like mothers, but now they have become garbage dumps,'' Singh had said, insisting that the civic body should stake harder steps to remove encroachments in river beds.Activists have repeatedly alleged that over the last few years, the river beds have seen rampant encroachments in the form of new structures. River beds are also being used as a ground to dump construction debris.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15105116", "title": "Har Har Mahadev", "text": "CreditsFilm : Har Har MahadevCast : Sanjay Narvekar, Arun Nalawade, Amita Khopkar, Rekha KamatDirector : Subhash PhadakeProducer : Sharad ShelarGenre : DramaHar Har Mahadev is upcoming Marathi movie. Sanjay Narvekar, Arun Nalawade, Amita Khopkar, Rekha Kamat are the stars in the movie. Presented under the banner of Shree Sankalp Film Production; the movie is produced by Sharad Shelar. Story screenplay and direction is by Subhash Phadake.Abhijeet Uday has given the music for the film. Nagesh Bhosale, Gauri Sukhatankar, Sahil Pimpale are the other stars in the movie. Editing is done by Dilip Kotlagi and cinematography is by Vishvanath Math.The movie is scheduled to release this month end!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15098384", "title": "High court upholds life terms to two for kidnapping minor for ransom", "text": "NEW DELHI: The life term awarded to two men by a city court for kidnapping a boy for a ransom of Rs 3 lakh more than seven years ago has been upheld by Delhi high court. HC, however, acquitted another man for lack of evidence.Concurring with the trial court order that the prosecution was able to prove its case, a bench of Justices S Ravindra Bhat and S P Garg upheld the life term awarded to Vijay and Jagbir for kidnapping the boy, aged five at the time of kidnapping.The bench said, \"The child also deposed about the beating given to him during his detention...The child was recovered pursuant to the arrest of Vijay and Jagbir and their disclosures.\" HC, however, set aside conviction of one Devender.The boy's father had lodged a complaint saying his son was missing from their residence in Sultanpuri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15099017", "title": "Use of unlicensed firearms to kill rises in Maharashtra", "text": "The police in Maharashtra seem to have another growing problem on their hands. According to the National Crime Records Bureau, the number of murders with unlicensed firearms increased in the state every year by more than 30% since 2009.An NCRB report showed that 37 people were killed in Maharashtra in 2009 with unlicensed firearms. The next year, the figure rose by 32% to 49. And the year after that, it reached 67, a rise of 37%. Altogether, from 2007 and 2011, more than 380 people were murdered in the state using illegal guns.Cops, not surprisingly, called the trend disturbing, particularly because Maharashtra was among the 10 worst states in this respect. In 2011, the most killings with unlicensed firearms were in Uttar Pradesh, which had a tally of 1,049. Next came Bihar (500), followed by Jharkhand (418), West Bengal (317), Madhya Pradesh (164) and Haryana (118).The NCRB report showed that high tally of murders with illegal guns did not always mean high tally of killings with licensed firearms and vice-versa. In Punjab, for instance, 15 people were shot dead with illegal firearms in 2011 but 60 with licensed guns. The same year, in Bihar, 500 people were murdered with unlicensed guns and seven with licensed ones.Closer home, in Mumbai, of the few cases where guns were used to kill people, the firearms were almost always unlicensed, according to police statistics. In 2009, the financial capital witnessed nine cases of murders with unlicensed guns. The tally remained the same the next year but grew to 12 in 2011. Till June 30 this year, one person was killed with an unlicensed firearm.Former police officers claimed unlicensed firearms are flowing into Mumbai mainly from Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. \"Many youngsters from these states join the world of crime in Mumbai. They then use their contacts back home to procure country-made guns called kattas,\" said former IPS officer-turned-lawyer Y P Singh. Alternatively, foreign-made guns are procured through underworld dons operating from outside the country.In other parts of Maharashtra, argued experts, illegal guns are pouring in from Bangladesh and Pakistan . Retired Thane police commissioner and state CID officer S P S Yadav said some illegal migrants from these neighbouring countries have been caught for \"gun-running, fake currency rackets and drug-running\".Both Singh and Yadav recommended stronger policing to stem the spread of unlicensed firearms. Singh felt the police should plant infiltrators in underworld gangs and create a vast network of informers. Yadav suggested the police should trace the guns to their source even they are outside the state. Once these sources are plugged, the distribution network will get disrupted, he said. Knife commonest murder weapon in MumbaiA study of figures compiled by the Mumbai police shows that knives, and not firearms, are the commonest weapons used to kill in the city.From 2007 to June 30 this year, the police recorded 165 cases where knives were used as the murder weapon. Next after knives were sharp objects (108), followed by blunt objects (95), wooden sticks (89), kerosene or petrol (83), \"fist blows\" (69) and stones (67). In comparison, during the same period, firearms were used to kill in 57 cases.Knife, police records show, has been the choice weapon employed to murder, more or less, since 2007. Its figures dropped only in 2011, when sharp objects were found to be on the top of the table. Indeed, the use of sharp objects to kill has been growing consistently since 2008. That year, they were used in eight murder cases. The tally rose to 18 in 2009, to 22 in 2010, and 30 the next year. The police recently accused Vijay Palande of killing aspiring producer Karankumar Kakkar with a chopper and a sickle.Experts said the murder weapons have changed along with the nature of killings. These days, \"most murders are due to family or personal reasons and not by professional criminals. The most easily available weapons for these murderers are knives, choppers, iron rods and the like,\" said former IPS officer-turned-lawyer Y P Singh.Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said that several gangs have been busted in Mumbai in the last few years and the trade of illegal weapons relatively staunched. \"These are the reasons why, in many cases, local goons and criminals are found using choppers and sharp objects to kill,\" said Roy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098446", "title": "83 years on, Urdu magazine has all letters to editor", "text": "MUMBAI: Wheel chair-bound Iftikhar Imam Siddiqui doesn't move much these days. But, last week, 62-year-old Siddiqui, who edits Urdu's oldest surviving literary magazine Shair, went to Y B Chavan Centre near Mantralaya to receive the State Urdu Sahitya Academi Award. Apart from being the oldest Urdu magazine, 83-year-old Shair is perhaps the only periodical in the world that has preserved all the letters to its editors\u2014over a lakh\u2014since its inception.Founded on February 15, 1930 at Agra by noted Urdu poet-author and Siddiqui's grandfather Seemab Akbarabadi, Shair moved to Mumbai in 1950 when Siddiqui's father Aijaz Siddiqui shifted to the city with his family. Tucked away on the third floor of ramshackle Deenath Building on Grant Road, Shair's one-room office is also its owner-editor's home. In a corner, in half a dozen gunny bags and a huge trunk are kept letters to the editor, which the editors have not disposed of.\"These letters are rough draft of Urdu's literary history. We have not destroyed them in the hope that one day we will be able to read and file them properly,\" says Siddiqui as his brothers and assistants Nazir Noaman and Hamid Iqbal nod. Siddiqui and his brothers could have found time to read those letters but a train accident in 2002 at Katni station in MP left Siddiqui crippled. \"The family has incurred heavy monetary loss and suffered trauma. We have to spend Rs 5,000 per month on bhai's treatment. Even I am not well,\" says Noaman.Comprising Rs 30,000 and a citation, the award comes to Siddiqui a tad late. The governments of Karnataka and MP awarded him a couple of years ago. So did a literary organization in Qatar (Doha). \"The Maharashtra government award is too little and too late,\" says an angry Siddiqui, adding that the Academy should have considered him for the award much earlier, and not in his \"autumn years\". A prolific writer, Siddiqui has to his credit 50,000 ghazals, 10,000 poems, 300 short stories, 500 interviews and 200 critical essays and reviews. Yet he has not come out with a collection so far. Why? \"The little energy that I have goes into keeping the magazine afloat. We cannot afford to hire staff with our shoestring budget,\" says Siddiqui.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "15100483", "title": "Doctors cease work in Midnapore hospital", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Junior doctors at the Midnapore Medical College and Hospital went on a have gone oncease work after relatives of a patient assaulted some doctors on Sunday morning. The hospital administration fears that if the agitating doctors do not join work soon, the patients would be at the receiving end.Trouble started after Umarani Ghosh died on Sunday. The Kharagpur resident was brought to was rushed tothe hospital on Saturday night with complaints of a snake bite. But after her death the relatives alleged that Umarani had died due to negligence on part of doctors. The attacked doctors and even vandalized the ward.TNN When the patient died expired on Sunday morning relatives cried foul. They alleged that Umarani died as she did not get proper treatment.The agitated relatives then prevented the hospital authority from conducting post mortem. When they tried to take the body away forcefully, some junior doctors and nurses stopped them. Hugely outnumbered, the relatives also reportedly attacked the doctors and vandalised the hospital ward. The attack stopped only after police rushed in. Police has arrested five including Umarani Ghosh's son.\"We are trying hard to convince the agitating doctors to join work,\" said hospital superintendent Dr Jugal Kar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15098610", "title": "Pune RTO will be upgraded: Ajit Pawar", "text": "PUNE: The Regional Transport Office (RTO) in Pune will be upgraded with various modern facilities, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar told the state Assembly on Friday.Replying to a discussion initiated by city BJP MLA Girish Bapat in the Assembly, Pawar said the proposal for decentralization of the office will be expedited and land for creating new sub-offices will soon be identified.Bapat, in a calling attention motion moved by him, said the present regional transport office in the city was inadequate to accommodate the increased work burden. \"The number of vehicles has increased and so has the work of issuing learner's licences and other transport related functions. The computer system was 16 years old. The premises are unclean and lack several basic facilities,\" Bapat said.The office at Alandi, too, does not have proper facilities. The government, he said, has not been able to get the lands required for setting up offices and centres for issuing learner's licences.State minister Gulabrao Devkar said the government was following up with the district collector for acquiring land at Hadapsar and Bavdhan for constructing new offices of the transport department. The government would also fill up the vacant posts of the RTO, he said.Replying to the discussion that lasted half an hour, Pawar said a meeting of the transport department will also be held to expedite the proposal, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15100022", "title": "Karkidakam gives a boost to pilgrim tourism", "text": "KOCHI: Karkidakam is known as the month of famine and scarcity. Old-timers call it panja masam (lean season). But this is also known as the 'Ramayana masam,' is normally dedicated to reading the Ramayana and there will be a rise in the number of devotees visiting temples. With a number of famous temples in and around the district, pilgrimage tourism gets a boost during this time in the city.\"The number of people visiting temples has registered a 40% increase this year, compared to the same period last year,\" said Vivekananda Tours and Travels manager Narendran. He said the number of NRIs visiting the temples has also increased.Karkidakam entails an obligatory visit to the Nalambalam (four temples), consisting the shrines of Lord Rama, Lakshmana, and Bharata and Shatrughna the celebrated quartet of the epic Ramayana. The temples that form the quartet are Thriprayar temple, Koodalmanikyam temple, Thirumoozhikkulam temple and Payammal temple. Visiting these temples on a single day during the holy month of Karkidakam is believed to shower blessings and ensure prosperity, and has become a popular with pilgrim tourists.\"March to May is the season of temple festivals in Kerala. But now July-August season is also getting attention, because of the observance of Ramayana masam and also it is a time closer to Onam and related festivities. Pilgrimage tourism has a lot of potential in Kerala and should be promoted in a better way,\" said M R Krishna Warrier, a tour consultant based in Kochi.With the inauguration of the international airport in Kochi the connectivity got better, and many tours start from the city.\"The discovery of a treasure in Sree Padmanabha Swami temple in Thiruvananthapuram might have taken some sheen off the city, but otherwise most of the pilgrim tours operate with Kochi as the base during the temple seasons in March-April and July-August,\" said Satish K, a city based tour operator.With a number of famous temples in and around the district, pilgrimage tourism gets a boost during this time in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15098718", "title": "Shivneris to Udaipur, Nagpur discontinued", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) has stopped operating AC bus services (Shivneri) on the Udaipur and Nagpur routes after receiving fewer passenger responses over the last few months.The Udaipur bus service was MSRTC's first multi-state AC bus service covering destinations in Gujarat and Rajasthan since January. The Nagpur bus was introduced to cater to Marathwada and Vidarbha region.\"Both services were running into losses in the past few months.Efforts were taken to improve the load factor. However, after registering no improvement in occupancy, we decided to discontinue operations,\" said a senior official from MSRTC's Pune division.The buses to Udaipur and Nagpur were operated by Pune and Nagpur divisions respectively.An official said both the routes continuously registered lower passenger response. The trips registered earnings below the operating cost. Both the routes on an average registered 30-40% occupancy, while the projected load factor was about 55-60%. The load factor hardly increased during the summer vacations, said an official.\"To improve the occupancy and to suit the convenience of passengers, MSRTC re-scheduled the timings and route of its Udaipur buses during the last couple of months. The service was also advertised. We have prepared a detailed report on the performance of both the services and have submitted it to the head office\", said an official.MSRTC officials claimed it would not be fair to say that all Shivneri routes are running in losses. Unlike Udaipur and Nagpur,Other Shivneri routes from Pune -- to Bangalore, Dadar, Borivali and Thane -- are running with good occupancy.According to sources, the passenger responses on both routes had remained low owing to MSRTC's high fare structures as compared to the private bus operators. Some passengers claimed private players on Nagpur route charge about Rs 200 lesser than MSRTC. A similar difference was witnessed on Udaipur route, too.\"The railway fare to destinations in Gujarat is much cheap than MSRTC bus fares. The authorities should work out attractive bus fares,\" said Suresh Jaju, a resident of Ravivar Peth.MSRTC officials claimed they offer safer journey to passengers and hold good provisions in fall out situations such as break down and cases of accidents.Counselors at depotsMSRTC has undertaken a drive to appoint psychological counselors across its depots in the state. There is a plan to appoint 63 counselors. Of this, a list of 30 counselors has already been finalized. The interviews for counselors in Pune and nearby districts will be conducted in the coming week, said an official. Psychological counselors will conduct timely sessions with drivers and conductors. The initiative has been taken up after MSRTC driver Santosh Mane at Swargate depot went on the rampage in January this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "asalwas (rewari)", "code": "15100871", "title": "Passengers bear brunt of road blockade", "text": "ASALWAS (REWARI): There was no escape for thousands of passengers who were left stranded on Delhi-Jaipur highway, which remained blocked for hours, as farmers clashed with cops on Sunday.A number of passengers were also injured as a violent mob went on a rampage and started torching vehicles.Farmers first gheraoed a Haryana roadway bus on way to Delhi from Jaipur and broke its windowpanes. On seeing the mob, the driver tried to take a U-turn to drive away but some youths burned it even as the passengers were rushing out of the bus. The bus driver and a woman suffered injuries when the protesters pelted stones and smashed the windows.A group of youngsters forced the passengers of another Haryana roadways bus and a Rajasthan roadways bus to de-board and then torched the vehicles.Some protesters set ablaze a fire tender and a motorcycle of a local mediaperson at some distance.Amit Kumar, a Rajasthan youth who was traveling to Delhi, told TOI that all the passengers had to hurry out of the bus.\"Within no minutes, the bus was engulfed in flames. It was really horrifying. I saw the driver and a woman bleeding and sitting on a rear seat after the windows were smashed,\" he said, adding that the passengers took an alternative route to reach Delhi.Hundreds of vehicles remained stuck in the road blockade on both sides on the Delhi-Jaipur highway. After around half-an-hour of the violence, the Rewari police started diverting the vehicles from Bawal to Rewari to reach Delhi and Gurgaon. The highway was blocked around 1.30pm and had not been opened till the filing of this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "asalwas (rewari)", "code": "15100745", "title": "Despite intelligence inputs, cops get outnumbered by farmers", "text": "ASALWAS (REWARI): Mahapanchayat of farmers in this village on Sunday over the land acquisition issue, which was attended by around 2,000 farmers from Haryana, UP and Rajasthan.The situation however went out of control due to an apparent strategy failure by police, which failed to comprehend the gravity of the situation. This was despite the police having intelligence inputs about the farmers' plans to block the national highway and its claims about deployment of adequate force on the other side of the highway, where the Mahapanchayat was being held.Against about 2,000 farmers, only around 400 cops were deployed by Haryana police, sources said.Though some speakers called upon farmers to keep their agitation peaceful, some leaders, including Rakesh Tikait, BJP's Gorakhpur MP Mahant Adityanath, INLD MLA Yogeshwar Dayal and pradhan of Bhumi Adhigrahan Sangarsh Samiti, Ram Kishan Mehalwal, gave the gathering a do-or-die call, directing them to sit in the middle of the road.Adityanath reportedly called on people attending the meeting that time has come to protect their lands in their own ways. \"If anyone sitting here has any weakness, he better leave his cowardice at this very spot, before hitting the road,\" Adityanath told the audience.Sangarsh Samiti pradhan Ram Kishan declared, \"Since the district administration has failed to heed to our deadline, further proceedings would be held at the highway. March on to the road\", he said, leading thousands of youths to the adjoining highway, connecting Delhi and Jaipur.Rakesh Tikait from UP, son of legendary farmer leader Mahender Singh Tikait, recalled several examples of farmers having brought the government on its knees. \"You have the strength. You don't need to fear anyone. Just throw everybody out of your land, who dare to step on the land. Don't be afraid of police cases,\" said Tikait.Just before the violence broke out, Rewari SP Abhishek Garg told TOI that police were all geared up to tackle the situation. \"We have information that farmers have set a deadline of 1 pm, but had not declared any further step. Adequate force has been deployed which would outnumber the agitators,\" he said. Asked about deployment of paramilitary forces, the SP stated that the force was capable of handling the protesters.Subsequent developments however indicated a strategic failure by police which had to flee, even after resorting to cane charging and firing on protesters. The cops also did not divert traffic at Bawal in time, though they had got inputs that farmers could resort to road blockade.Mediapersons attackedLike the cops, mediapersons also had to face the fury of mob, who thrashed them and also smashed their cameras. Around four personnel of electronic media were thrashed by both sides and the motorcycle of a journalist was also torched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15100718", "title": "Chandigarh to get control room to deal with disasters", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city is all set to gear up to deal with any chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear (CBRN) eventuality. An underground control room will be set up here soon to deal with any such attack. The UT had discussed the proposal with National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) and the details of the project will be worked out shortly.The deputy commissioner's office was directed to prepare a report on the disaster management plan for city after officials of the administration met NDMA members, who were here last week. Sources said the control room will house hi-tech devices like X-ray baggage scanners, jammers, explosive detectors, latest gadgets and various computer applications.A UT official said the administration is likely to seek help from Defence Research and Development Organization (DRDO) too. The Gwalior-based Defence Research and Development Establishment (DRDE) is the nodal body for developing all kinds of technology to deal with CBRN emergencies. Metros like Delhi and Mumbai have already set up such control rooms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15100501", "title": "Yuva Kendra makeover high on youth ministry list", "text": "KOLKATA: With the youth affairs minister Aroop Biswas planning to set up a new convention centre, Moulali Yuva Kendra will soon is going to get a new look. The minister of youth affairs, Aroop Biswas, is planning to set up a new convention centre in the Moulali Yuva Kendra.Biswas also has plans to revamp the present auditorium located on the ground floor of the building. A library named after Swami Vivekananda is also likely to be set up in the building. The building will also be housing a new library that will is going to be named after Swami Vivekananda.It The library will be housing text books for students of schools, colleges and universities. The minister wishes has also plans to set up online connections with all major libraries of the state so that youths availing of the utilising the facility can of Yuva Kendra will able to access other libraries online.The new convention centre will be housing about 120 seats and it will be of the international standard, said Biswas. The total overhaul will give a new look to the Yuva Kendra, as the present auditorium is in shambles.Moreover, Biswas has plans to set up a cyber cafe, which the students can use free of cost, is also on the cards. To begin with, initially 10 computers will be installed. For that at present he is going to install 10 computers.Biswas wants to hold computer and Spoken English classes at the use is also considering to use the centre for teaching computer and Spoken English, so that the students can confidently face the interview board.Arrangements for over a hundred additional seats for boarders , as the centre provides temporary accommodation to the students who come to the city to appear in various examinations will be made at the centre. Moreover now from this centre the students can book accommodation in various other youth hostels through online facilities.The minister complained that during the Left Front regime the Yuva Kendra was illegally occupied by people and thus his department has not been able to get control of the canteen space that was rented out at a meagre sum following a court order.There will also be a job information centre at the Yuva Kendra, along with where the minister is planning to set up a counseling centre for job seekers. Kiosks are likely to be placed at the centre which will display all government jobs, so that students with Madhyamik or HS qualifications get to know about the jobs for which they are eligible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15099214", "title": "Police stations to be computerised by 2014: Director general of police", "text": "LUCKNOW: Director general of police Ambrish Chand Sharma was on a one-day visit to Jhansi to inspect the smooth working of the department.In a press conference held in afternoon, he expressed satisfaction over the law and order situation in Jhansi, but showed displeasure for Jalaun and Lalitpur and pointed out various shortcomings. The director general of police said that by 2014 all the police stations will be computerized, which will help in establishing transparency and common man will have more accessibility towards their complaints and the data will be available for analysis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15100416", "title": "Judicial panel to start AMRI fire probe in August", "text": "KOLKATA: The judicial commission of Justice Tapan Mukherjee is likely to start the hearing for the AMRI fire case in August-end, as it has just started functioning.The commission was formed by governor M K Narayanan on December 15, after a fire broke out at AMRI hospital on December 9, in which over 90 people, most of them patients, were killed. Bengal's chief minister Mamata Banerjee had first made the announcement of the judicial commission at the state assembly. and had named Justice Mukherjee.But it took time for the commission to start functioning, as there was paucity of space. Finally, the state allotted space to the commission at Tantuj Bhavan in Salt Lake , where some other judicial panels are functioning now.This judicial commission will recommend legal action against those, who were responsible for flouting fire-safety measures, ascertain the cause of death and the extent of damage. In order to probe the cause of fire, the commission has asked the common people, who had either been affected due to the fire or were witnesses to the incident, to submit their versions to the panel. Based on the affidavits of the witnesses, the commission may start the hearing from August. An official of the commission said that it would be accepting petitions till the second week of August.The commission will investigate the lapses that led to the fire and the steps taken by the hospital authorities to minimize casualties. The commission will also probe if hazardous materials or explosives were stored in the hospital complex, violating fire safety norms.According to the police report, AMRI's basement had inflammable articles along with a radiology unit and oxygen cylinders. So, the commission will probe if the hospital had followed the norms of the Clinical Establishment Act. Whether the rules laid down by the Kolkata Municipal Corporation were followed will also be probed.Moreover, the commission will examine the actual indoor capacity the hospital had and the number of patients admitted on that fateful day.An official said that the commission is also seeking petitions from associations who would like to present their views to the commission, as there was mob fury after the incident at the Alipore court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15100094", "title": "Indigo looking to take wings from Surat by Diwali", "text": "SURAT: Surat is likely to get more air connectivity by Diwali.Looking at the success of the Spice Jet operations from the city, country's only profit-making private airline Indigo is likely to commence operations here by August-end.\"They have placed an emergency ladder at the airport for landing of the flights that can't land in Mumbai due to some emergency or other,\" said an officer at Surat airport. Emergency ladders are an indication that private airline is gearing up to start operations from here.An official from Indigo said, \"We are ready for Surat and awaiting for an official confirmation from Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA). We can announce the schedules only after that.\"Talking to TOI, Paresh Patel, president of South Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industries (SGsaid, \"Officials from Indigo have completed all the formalities and are waiting for the final approval from New Delhi.\"The airline is looking to start a morning flight in the morning on Delhi-Surat-Mumbai sector and similarly a flight on Mumbai-Surat-Delhi sector. In the late evening too, the airline will operate two flights - one going to Mumbai via Surat and other going to Delhi via Surat.At present, the city has a daily flight to and from Delhi and Mumbai operated by private carrier and is connected to Delhi by a daily afternoon Air India flight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15100042", "title": "Twisted road to Raisina Hill", "text": "NEW DELHI: The mood was light as Pranab Mukherjee unwound at his residence on Thursday after polling ended. \"Well sir, every time we send a Bill to Rashtrapati Bhavan for your approval, please don't correct the commas, language and grammar,\" joked a senior minister.The compliment to Mukherjee's reputation for reading the fine print raised a laugh. He could afford to be expansive with ministers Pawan Bansal and V Narayanasamy reporting that voting had gone to plan. But his journey to Rashtrapati Bhawan was not smooth. The last leg began about two months ago when Sonia Gandhi initiated discussions on who should replace Pratibha Patil. Given the unpredictable nature of allies like Mamata Banerjee and Mulayam Singh Yadav , the task wasn't easy. Some in the Congress argue Sonia could have preferred Hamid Ansari, others feel Mukherjee was on equal footing. PM Manmohan Singh pointed to his utility in government.There were indications that Mukherjee may not be prepared to carry on in government if he was overlooked yet again for President. It is unclear how far his subtle hints influenced the final decision. Mukherjee's record in UPA 2 was not seen as unblemished as in UPA 1, but the loyalty factor that has always been raised by his critics seemed to have lost sting. Sonia offered the choice of Ansari and Mukherjee to her allies and most opted for the latter, except Mamata, who vowed to stop Mukherjee. June 21, the longest day of the year, presented an equally lengthy and tense night for the Bengal leader. Rumours swirled that Mamata's had been a command performance and silence from AICC worsened matters. Some senior ministers reached Mukherjee's residence to assure him all was not lost. The arrival of a Sonia aide provided reassurance as Congress worked overtime to reach Mulayam, who had inexplicably joined forces with Mamata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15098407", "title": "Mutton price soars, feasting sours", "text": "HYDERABAD: The month of fasting and feasting may have many gastronomic delights in store to woo the denizen's taste buds but with mutton prices shooting up with the arrival of Ramzan, all recipes with meat as the key ingredient have invariably turned sour.While a kilogram of mutton with bones cost the consumer Rs 340 a fortnight ago in neighbourhoods such as First Lancer near Masab Tank, the rate is now as high as Rs 410. Also, the price is not uniform everywhere as it has escalated to nearly Rs 460 per kilogram for a kilogram of boneless mutton as against the earlier Rs 420 in posh places such as Banjara Hills.Citizens said that the hike has dampened their festive spirit. Syed Jahangir from Mir Alam Mandi said, \"Ramzan is the time when my family likes to prepare traditional mutton dishes. But with the price rise, we have to watch our craving.\"Wholesalers and retailers indicated that despite the increase in the number of sheep and goats being slaughtered at abattoirs in the city, there is shortage of meat which has precipitated the price rise by more than Rs 50 per kilogram. They attributed this to the increased consumption of mutton in households and the large scale supply to restaurants for making haleem. Wholesaler Abdul Ateeq from Burhan Meat Suppliers said, \"The shortage of meat is such that we are unable to cater to the needs of restaurants who order at least eight quintals of meat everyday from us. Apart from this, as much as one and a half quintals is sold to restaurants for other dishes like biryani.\" Another wholesaler from Ziaguda said that sheep bought at Rs 3,500 each in other months may cost Rs 500 more this Ramzan.According to Mohammed Saleem, contractor at the Chengicherla abattoir and president of Twin Cities Hotel Owner's Association, there are around 2,000 shops which sell mutton in the twin cities out of which around 1,300 operate in the Old City alone. \"The number of goat slaughtered is almost double during Ramzan. We expect more than 3,000 cattle to be slaughtered this month and expect a little over 50% to go to hotels for haleem,\" he said.While buying mutton may burn a hole in the consumer's pocket, the price of chicken is expected to fall due to Shravan in which a section of the population abstains from eating meat. Syed Faiyazuddin from Eagle Chicken and Fisheries in Chowk said, \"Due to Shravan, chicken price has come down to Rs 65 for a live bird from around Rs 90 a few days ago. Further, the consumption of red meat is more in Ramzan. This also has contributed to the decrease in price.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104652", "title": "Andrea sings for Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom", "text": "Andrea Jeremiah is one celebrity who has managed to strike a fine balance between her acting aspirations and her career as a singer. While she was last heard in the album of Billa II's Madura Ponnu..., composed by Yuvan Shankar Raja, she has recently lent her voice to a song in the small-budget film Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom (NKPK).NKPK , which is said to be based on a real-life incident (that happened in the life of the film's cinematographer Prem Kumar), is a humorous tale about a young man who forgets a few days of his life even as he is about to get married. Directed by newcomer Balaji Tharaneetharan, the film features Vijay Sethupathi and Gayathri (who is also acting in Ponmaalai Pozhuthu ) in lead roles. The music for the film is by debutant Ved Shankar, a product of A R Rahman's music school.Andrea has sung the melodious number O Crazy Minnal Azhagiya Kannil/ Achangal paravi polla parandhu pogum vinnil..., penned by lyricist Karthik Netha (of Poraaney Poraaney... fame).Meanwhile, the industry buzz is that her film with Ulaganayagan Kamal Haasan, Viswaroopam , in which she plays a crucial supporting role, is all set to release by August end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104087", "title": "Baba loves Aloo Posto: Abhijit Mukherjee", "text": "Son Abhijit Mukherjee shares the day's agenda \u2014 dinner with close ones and photos for posterity Zinia Sen.It's a big day. But you are not in Delhi to join your father in the celebrations... I will be there with him during the oath-taking ceremony on July 25. Apart from being Pranab Mukherjee's son, I'm also a Congress MLA. So, I am bound by certain responsibilities towards the party and my state. So, how is the family celebrating? I will be leaving for Delhi today. Thereafter, I plan to host a dinner in my father's honour. Not just my parents and kids, the entire family will be present at the event, including my father's friends. My father is extremely fond of fish orly and jumbo prawns and I'll have them on the menu. He also loves fish cutlet, but since it would be dinner, I don't think such an item can feature on the list. I would also like to take some family photographs and keep them for posterity. On the cards is sending thanks letters to all the MPs and MLAs \u2014 those who supported my father and even those who didn't. Aren't you going to help your father shift to Raisina Hill? Once he enters the Rashtrapati Bhavan, there will be too many protocols for him to follow. He will not be free anymore. Of course, I'll be there to help him shift, but as a policy call, I do not like staying elsewhere other than my own house. But I have a few plans for my father. He loves the food of a Bengali restaurant in Delhi. I plan to invite the chef over to the Rashtrapati Bhavan, so that he can teach the staff how to prepare Aloo Posto for my father. Baba can't do without his Aloo Posto meal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15099692", "title": "Bhopal students throng Kerwa dam for adventure activities", "text": "BHOPAL: Kerwa and its surroundings on the city outskirts seems to have become one of the most popular adventure activity zones with greenery and natural beauty in abundance . On Sunday, several students thronged the Kerwa dam to participate in the adventure activities, including bouldering, rock climbing among others.Eco Adventure Club and MP Sports Climbing Association organised the one-day event.Talking about the Kerwa, Barkatullah University's adventure cell in-charge Mukesh Sharma said it is the best location around Bhopal for conducting adventure activities. \"Lots of greenery and several good points for adventures activities have made Kerwa the most attractive place in Bhopal,\" Sharma said.Girls have also started showing keen interest in adventure activities. More girls are taking part in adventure activities for the past couple of years. \"There was a time when I had to convince them to join adventure activities. However, the time has changed going by the number of girls coming to find out more about the activities,\" Sharma claimed.\"Adventure without risk does not make any sense. I was also afraid before joining the adventure camp. But now I have realised the real fun,\" said Satya Sai College student Saroj Ketan. Interestingly, she won two prizes in the rock climbing organised on Sunday.Girls were keen on rock climbing. \"It was a little scary while reaching the top. However, once I reached the top the fear turned into fun. We were tied by ropes with complete safety measures,\" Saroj said.Another student, Amreen Khan said she would love to continue visiting the adventure camps in the future. \"It was the first experience,\" fifth semester student of MVM Amreen said. She participated in all adventure activities. Around 15 girls participated in rock climbing.Having experience of over 15 years in conducting adventure activities, Sharma said safety measures have been taken while conducting these activities.Boys were more keen for bouldering which is a style of rock climbing undertaken without a rope and normally limited to short climbs over a crash pad (called a bouldering mat) so that a fall will not result into serious injury. \"Both risk and adventure are involved in bouldering. It is real fun,\" BHEL college student Dilip Pandey said. In all, 70 boys participated in bouldering.Bouldering is typically practiced on large natural boulders or artificial boulders both in indoor and outdoor areas. However, it may also be practised at the base of larger rock faces or even on buildings or public architecture.A large number of spectators also gathered to watch the adventure activities.Around 90 students from Betul, Hoshangabad, Rajgarh and Bhopal participated in adventure events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "15100690", "title": "Delhi University to add two more hostels for girls", "text": "DELHI: Delhi University , with its ever-increasing number of outstation students, will be adding two more hostels for girls. While Maharaja Agrasen College (MAC), in east campus, will open its hostel to students from the current academic session , Hindu College in north campus, which has a boys' hostel only, is trying to speed up plans for the pending construction to begin this year.MAC is the first east Delhi college to have a hostel utility. It will open its new girls' hostel with a capacity of 60-100 students in the coming session. \"It was important to have a hostel utility as none of the colleges located in this zone have a hostel of their own. We have plans for building a boys' hostel next year,\" says Sunil Sondhi, principal, MAC.However, the new hostel building of Hindu College, for which the University Grants Commission (UGC) sanction came way back in 2007, was still in the pipeline due to clearance pending from various government agencies. \"The girls' hostel is on my priority list as 50% of students in the college are girls. It is one of the oldest colleges in the university, and with the number of women-students increasing over the years, a hostel for girls is a necessity,\" says Pradumn Kumar, principal, Hindu College.The hostel plan includes modern facilities like rooms equipped with latest infrastructure, wi-fi connection, indoor sports utility, a mini library and a computer room.Adding to this, Kumar says, we will request UGC to increase the budget to add on to the basic facilities in the new hostel. The number of girl-students enrolling at the university has increased for a number of factors. Over the last few years, the trend has been of more girls from out of Delhi applying for admission as well as the fact that girls have been scoring better in the CBSE exams for sometime now.College authorities are awaiting final clearance from the Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD), for the upcoming hostel, which will be able to accommodate about 100 students.\"Construction for the new building is expected to begin by September-end and it must be ready for the session beginning in 2014. We are speeding up the process of receiving clearance so that the work can start on time,\" adds Kumar.For campus stories, new courses, scholarships, visit www.myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103878", "title": "Nirahua Anjana Singh's Ek Bihari Sau Pe Bhari", "text": "Bhojpuri Super Star Dinesh Lal Yadav and actress Anjana Singh's Ek Bihari Sau Pe Bhari is now ready for release. The film is being directed by Jagdish Sharma and produced by Ravi S. Sharma. Anjana is playing Bengali girl and will be seen in a very glamorous role.According to Ravi Sharma Ek Bihari Sau Pe Bhari is action packed movie with romance. Sanjay Pandey is playing the role of a corrupt police inspector. Anara Gupta and Sangeeta Tiwari are also a part of this film and they will be seen in item numbers. The film is now ready for release!Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15098571", "title": "Human-bear conflict a concern in Maharashtra: Study", "text": "PUNE: Human-bear conflict, and not bear poaching, is the main cause of concern in parts of Maharashtra, which is the home to around 700 to 1,000 sloth bears. Around 97% of the bear population is in the Vidarbha region, and conflicts are reported mainly from Melghat, Buldhana, Chandrapur and Gondia districts, according to the state forest department.The bears attack in self-defence in event of human presence. They are hunted down because they usually attack the face, disfiguring victims. Bears are among the most feared animals in villages surrounding forest areas, as people are attacked when they go to collect minor forest produce. There have also been reports of bears entering villages because of habitat fragmentation or in search of food and attacking forest guards. They were also lured by the garbage dumped by villagers or hotels. These are some of the issues highlighted by the state forest department at a recent meeting held with the Wildlife Institute of India (WII) and the Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) in Nagpur.A nationwide survey, an initiative of the ministry of environment and forests, is being conducted by the WII and WTI, to collate information on distribution and threats to bears and suggest conservation measures in all the 26 bear-ranging states, including Maharashtra. A national bear conservation action plan will be subsequently worked out.S W H Naqvi, chief wildlife warden of the state, told TOI that an action plan for bear conservation will soon be taken up in Maharashtra. It will be a species-centric project for bear conservation, in addition to the tiger project, as Maharashtra is an important state in terms of bear population.\"The meeting discussed issues related to study of bears, identification of habitat, monitoring, threats, conflicts and long-term conservation measures. The deliberations will lead to state-wise action plans,\" he said.Prafulla Bhambhurkar, regional facilitator, WTI, said state action plans for all states will be drafted from the information collected from the state forest divisions of the 26 states. India will host the International Bear Association (IBA)Conference in New Delhi in November 2012, to be organised by the MoEF, WII and WTI, in collaboration with the International Association for Bear Research and Management. The national plan is slated for release at the international conference.Anil Mohan, additional principal chief conservator of forest (wildlife administration) said the forest department has highlighted the need to identify and protect the corridors used by bears. The corridors have to be protected from mining, fragmentation and canal work. Awareness campaign among adivasis is also needed as they go inside forest areas to collect minor forest produce and are at times attacked by bears. The other issues discussed were capacity building of the staff as the new recruits should be informed about the behaviour of bears and their habitat.He pointed out that bear is a threatened specie and there is a need for taking up bear count in the state. \"The count has to be taken up on a yearly basis, as we do not have the exact count of bears in the state. Fragmentation of bear habitat is also leading to cases like road kill and rail accidents,\" he said.Ajay Pillarisett assistant conservator of forest, the Tadoba Tiger Reserve, who has studied sloth bears, said for conservation of sloth bears, there is a need to plant shoots to ensure that the bears get adequate food. Bears eat termites by digging holes in the ground and thus assist faster germination of seeds. They are found both inside and outside protected areas, wherever there is good forestland, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15100701", "title": "Delhi University\u2019s new academic session", "text": "Delhi University is starting its new academic session on July 23. Dinesh Singh, vice-chancellor, had earlier issued a notification to all DU college principals that timetables for the new session should be put up a week in advance.College authorities have been asked to display timetables on the college websites as well as on the notice boards. This session, the course-wise timetable will mention each professor's name, time, and room number to spare students any confusion.Welcoming the freshers, the VC says, \"I wish every student the best as they begin a new journey and urge them to make the most of it through their participation in the university programmes. They must take advantage of the platform the university has created for them. They will see a host of cultural activities, exhibitions with increased number of sports events this year.\"On the first day, while students get acquainted to the college, faculty members and senior students , they will also have the option to join the various societies and clubs for extra-curricular activities based on their interest \u2014 be it theatre, music, dance, community service or sports.Membership to these societies is credit-based since every student is marked for attending the sessions they conduct. The attendance to these societies is necessary as it is counted towards the annual assessment.SK Garg, principal, Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College (DDUC) says, \"Extra-curricular activities play a significant role in grooming one's personality. I suggest that freshers must participate in one ECA and one sport. Also, they must get their focus right as to what kind of career they want to pursue. Besides academics , picking up skills by engaging in different activities will automatically get students good placement opportunities ,\" says Garg.Adding to this, Pratibha Jolly, principal, Miranda House, says that the three years of college are very important and besides having a good time, students must take it seriously as these are the transformational years of a student's life. \"This is the time to develop the skills required for one's future workplace and careers ahead. The university acts as an equaliser and students must take advantage of the several opportunities they will have here,\" she concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098276", "title": "\u2018Chavan met other accused on June 2, 2000\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The synopsis of the chargesheet filed by the CBI in the Adarsh case says that former CM Ashok Chavan returned Rs 69 lakh paid by the son of a close associate Jayant Shah. \"Of the said amount, Rs 55 lakh and Rs 14 lakh was returned after a PIL was filed in the matter on November 19, 2010,\" the chargesheet reads.The document also states that Madanlal Sharma, Chavan's father-in-law's brother, was not entitled to become a member of the society as he already owned a flat in his name in Andheri and this was a violation of a GR. The chargesheet says that Chavan had sought induction of civilian members in order to obtain favours for his close relatives. His sister-in-law, Seema Vinod Sharma, had made an application to become a member of the society. Her name figures in the list of 71 members prepared on August 23, 2002. She was allotted a flat in the society. Elaborating on Chavan's role, the chargesheet says that as state revenue minister he met with other accused\u2014chief promoter R C Thakur, president of Adarsh CHS Brigadier (retd) M M Wanchoo and then MLC Kanhaiyalal Gidwani \u2014 on June 2, 2000.\"This is evident from the letter dated June 2, 2000 submitted by the Adarsh society to Chavan immediately after the meeting along with the list of 31 members from the defence services and the willingness to accommodate 40% civilian members as against the original list of 40 members from defence service which was submitted on April 10 2000 to the city collector.'' This resulted in a change of complexion of the society and allowed the entry of civilians as members in the society.(Inputs by Rajshri Mehta)Nine of 150 witnesses give statements before magistrateOf the 150 witnesses, nine have given their statements before a magistrate which has more evidentiary value in the trial. Among them are Major General S S Jog who said he was \"intimidated\" by the then GOC and accused Major General A R Kumar into signing a letter addressed to the Mumbai collector, which was considered as an NOC from the ministry of defence for the construction of Adarsh societyAnother witness is Brig Ajay Saxena, who wrote to the collector seeking details from the society of approval given as the building could pose a security threat. Col L C Midha, administrative commandant during the tenure of then GOC and accused Maj Gen T K Kaul, Dattatraya Palkar, Ajit Kulkarni, Sudhakar Nangnure, who was the officer of special duty during accused Ramanand Tiwari's tenure as principal secretary UDD, S R Kini, who was the deputy secretary UDD during Tiwari's tenure, Ashok Shintre, chief engineer development plan department of the BMC, and Devendra Desai. Another witness is Nandkumar Narayan Narvekar, assistant town planner UDD, earlier arrested and released on bail in the related Adarsh missing files case. Sources said the CBI was contemplating options to close investigations in that case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15099545", "title": "Digvijaya Singh better than Rahul Gandhi for Prime Minister's post: Govindacharya", "text": "PATNA: Rashtriya Swabhiman Andolan (RSA) founder and patron K N Govindacharya dropped a bombshell here on Sunday, as he said AICC general secretary Digvijaya Singh would prove to be \"a better PM\" than the party's younger general secretary Rahul Gandhi . He also maintained that both Gujarat CM Narendra Modi and Bihar CM Nitish Kumar were simply engaged in \"self-promotion schemes\" for the post of PM.Govindacharya said Singh was a vastly experienced Congress leader with a clear-cut understanding of the national affairs, apart from having the experience of running administration as chief minister of Madhya Pradesh.Govindacharya, who was here to address a state-level workers' meeting of the RSA, was dismissive about the credentials of Rahul. \"It is an internal matter of the Congress that is in self-denial mode. Any thought about Rahul becoming the country's PM is a distant dream. He doesn't have it, and can't become the PM of the country,\" he said.He, in the same vein, said that talks about \"secular PM\" and controversy surrounding it, as first raised by Nitish and then equally readily lapped up by rival interested parties and groups were \"self-promotional schemes\" of Narendra Modi and Nitish. \"All these are their self-promotional schemes,\" he said.Govindacharya, who was expelled from the BJP in 2002 for saying that the then Union home minister L K Advani was calling the shots while PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee was only a 'mukhauta' (mask), was also critical of handling of the 2002 Gujarat riots by Modi. \"He (Modi) did not utilize state power, as vested in him in the capacity of CM, as sufficiently as he should have to control Gujarat riots,\" Govindacharya said.He said there were several other better claimants to the post of PM than Modi or Nitish, and mentioned the names of JD(U) national president Sharad Yadav, leader of opposition in the Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj and even Janata Party chief Subramanyam Swamy. \"They would make better PM than Modi or Nitish,\" he said.According to him, the central government has been toeing the line of big business, and also trying to create space and atmosphere for foreign investment, including in the retail sector. The recent visit of the US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was aimed at promoting US business interest in the retail sector. The US President Barack Obama's advisory to the Indian government on investment matters should be strongly protested, he said.Govindacharya said both the UPA and the NDA were playing competitive political games, as befitted rivalry between Coca Cola and PepsiCo, and adhered to similar economic policies in utter disregard of the poor and peasants. He described violent labour disturbances at Maruti Udyog as instances of anarchy. \"As the Congress forgot Mahatma Gandhi, the BJP has abandoned Deendayal Upadhyaya. Similarly, Ram Manohar Lohia has been forgotten by his disciples who rule in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar,\" the former BJP think-tank said.Govindacharya said the anti-corruption campaign of Team Anna and Yoga guru Baba Ramdev could not cross the boundary of middle class, while leaders of political parties had become protective about corruption in states run by their respective governments. \"The anti-corruption campaign has floundered. I am in agreement with them on issues, but I differ with them on the style of functioning of its leadership,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "15100658", "title": "Branded 'witch', woman flees home", "text": "MALDA: Branded 'witch', a tribal woman was forced to flee from home and is spending sleepless nights in fear of being attacked again by fellow tribe members. Though she had complained to police after being attacked by villagers twice, the former sent her back home with verbal assurances of taking care of her safety. did not bother to come to her rescue on Friday.Sarathi Baske, a resident of Oltar village under Habibpur police station, was first attacked by members of her tribe early last week. They even threatened to kill her. It was then that the woman had sought police help as her stays alone with her nephew. Her husband Tikka Soren works as a migrant labourer. Sarathi also owns 10 bighas of land. Labeled as witch a tribal woman flees from home and spending nights outside. Her house was already attacked twice and attempt was made to kill her. even complaining to police did not yield any result. Instead, she was given shelter by the youth congress activists. The incident took place at village Oltar under Habibpur police station.It is learnt that Saratthi Baske, wife of Tikka Soren, a migrated labourer, of the village used to live alone in the house with her nephew Rajib Baske, a Class X student. She had a land of 10 bigha.The village has stood witness to several baby deaths in recent times. Also, the villagers have been seen suffering from some ailments. Worried with the prevailing trend, the villagers Of late the village saw the ailment and death of number of babies. Some of the villagers led by Lolin Soren and Moti Murmu therefore visited the had been to jaanguru (soothsayer), pleading with him to find a solution to the crisis. to find way of this crisis.The soothsayer Lal Mahan reportedly labeled Sarathi as a 'witch' and held her responsible for the affliction in the village. all this ailments.Blinded by his prediction, the villagers stormed Sarathi's house. She returned back after police assurance. But on being attacked a second time, she fled fearing for life. It was later that some youth Congress activists gave shelter to the hapless woman. that Sarathi's house was attacked first time in last week. Sarathi managed to flee and lodge complaint to police. Although she returned home with the assurance of police, the villagers like Lolin or Moti who attacked her, were not arrested.Police are yet to arrest Lolin and Moti. On Friday night she was attacked again. But Sarathi scampered away and took the shelter with village Youth Congress workers. Now she is spending nights outside the village.Block development officer of Habibpur, Abhijit Ghosh, said, \"I've heard of the incident. Such incidents aren't rare in the tribal society and are triggered by property issues. I'll ask police to take action and provide security to the victim.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15099417", "title": "Make tree space mandatory in development plans", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The forest department, in order to improve environmental status of the city, has decided to convert wasteland or common land in urban spaces into well-planted green areas.If there was shortage of such land, a city could utilize the vacant land in the areas situated on the periphery, under the urban development authorities, an official from the department said.The official added that they were likely to suggest that expansion of a city or establishment of new society should be permitted after approval of tree plantation plan in adequate area, say about at least 15 per cent of the area under development. Also the social forestry department intended to permit terrace gardening to improve green space and also planting tall seedlings of suitable species in large pits. Frequent watering and application of fertilizer could ensure that plants turn into trees in two years.The existing patches of natural and man-made urban forest, like Victoria Park and Indroda Park, should be preserved and managed as important recreational and educational centres, the department has suggested.Areas like the natural riverfront, coming up in Gandhinagar, should be developed in other cities too. If any city did not have such space, a dense garden with large number of trees could still be developed there.The department wants that cultural forest like Punit Van in Gandhinagar or Mangalya at Amabji be grown in and around the city. \"In other words, every city should have dotted patches of tree groves or forest in the landscape of concrete jungle. Large chunks of land above 5 hectares should be identified in periphery of the urban areas or in peripheral villages for recreational forest or tree gardens.\"Small to medium sized tree species can be planted along the roads. River bank and lake side plantation should be raised in urban areas, the department has suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15098393", "title": "Land-owning agency can\u2019t seize private property: High court", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an order that will bring relief to property owners in the city, Delhi high court has said a land-owning agency can't take possession of private property just because it has unauthorized construction.Justice Sunil Gaur in a recent order quashed a show-cause notice issued by the L&DO; against flat owners in Patel Nagar colony. Citing unauthorized construction on the premises and breach of lease deed, the estate officer on behalf of L&DO; had issued re-entry orders to take back possession of the property.Appearing for the petitioner, advocate Prabhjit Jauhar drew the court's attention to the fact that the building belonged to his clients and argued that L&DO; could only seek possession of the property by filing a suit for possession. Justice Gaur then rejected the claim of L&DO; that it was empowered under the Public Premises Act to retake possession of the property and agreed with the petitioner, a private builder, that a land-owning agency like L&DO; has no authority to enter private property. HC, relying on a Supreme Court judgment, said the land-owning agency can't have recourse to summary proceedings under the Public Premises Act, 1971.Faced with the possibility of losing the building, the builder had filed a writ petition for quashing of proceedings by L&DO; and estate officer on the ground that the premises built on leased land is not public premises and the estate officer has no jurisdiction to pass any such order or initiate proceedings for recovery of flats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15100731", "title": "Setting the rhythm, Rajasthan way", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To give a perfect flavour to the festival in Chandigarh, home to more than 250 Rajasthani families, famous cooks were especially called in from the pink city for Teej to delight residents with traditional dishes including rabri ghewar, seetafal ice cream, dal mirch pakauri, mirchi vada kachauri and gatte ki sabzi. Rajnesh Jain, president of Rajisthan Parishad, said, \"On this day women of Rajasthan fast whole day and their husbands give them ghewar - quite similar to the tradition of giving sargi on Karvachauth. This fast is also observed for the well-being of husbands. This time we called in a cook from Rajasthan to prepare ghewar along with other Rajasthani delicacies.\"Seeta Ram, a cook from Ajmer in Rajasthan, said, \"For celebrating the festival we have cooked traditional Rajasthani dushes, Snacks include nargisi kofta and dal ke pakore, main course has gatte ki sabzi and ker sangri, and sweet dish includes special rabri ghewar, seetafal ice cream and rabri malpua.\" Adding colours to the festivity were young and old women dressed in traditional lehnga choli and men dressed in dhoti kurta. There were special dance performances by youngsters too. A fancy dress competition was also organized.\"This time we had a special prize to the best dressed male and female members who were in their 50's and 60's,\" Rajnesh added. On the occasion, women had also prepared rangoli to celebrate the Haryali festival. Talking about what Rajasthani families miss about the celebrations being away from home, Renu Agarwala, a resident, said, \"Back in Rajasthan, we take out a procession of an idol of the goddess, bedecked in red and gold clothing. On our way we sing hymns to symbolize the devotion of Parvati towards her husband, Lord Shiva.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15098883", "title": "Regal pomp, pageantry on display during Teej procession", "text": "JAIPUR: As part of the five-day Teej celebrations, the procession of Goddess Teej was taken out in all its regal pomp and pageantry from the Tripoliya Gate on Sunday.Passing through Tripolia Bazaar, Chhoti Chaupar and Gangauri Bazaar, the procession reached Chaugan Stadium.A similar procession will be taken out on Monday as well.Kalbeliya, Algoza, Bahrupia, Gair and Chakri performers danced their way to the stadium. Following them was the elephant with the symbol, while the Goddess's sawari was at the end of the procession.The procession was witnessed by large number of tourists besides the locals.One of the most popular festivals of Rajasthan, women prefer to wear sarees and traditional costumes with 'leheriya' prints.Sweetshops too saw a beeline for 'ghewar' and 'feeni' all through the day.The food and cultural fiesta organized at the Jawahar Kala Kendra on the occasion of Teej saw people turning up in huge numbers on Sunday.Puppet and magic shows were particularly popular with the children even as the food stalls serving Rajasthani cuisine also enjoyed brisk business.* Play on Lord Krishna stagedAs part of the Sawan Teej celebrations, a dance drama depicting Shree Krishna's life right from his birth to death was staged at the Jawahar Kala Kendra on Sunday. The dance drama was presented by the Shriram Bhartiya Kala Kendra from New Delhi.\"The drama tries to capture the fascinating personality of Lord Krishna. Be it teasing the 'gopis' for milk and serenading Radha or killing 'Kansa', the various shades of his persona are presented in the performance,\" said Shobha Deepak Singh, director-producer of the drama.* Israel Embassy plans cultural events in JaipurThe Embassy of Israel plans to start several events to introduce the Pink City to Israeli culture.On a day's visit to Jaipur, the spokesperson for the Embassy of Israel in India said, \"It's impressive how many festival are celebrated Rajasthan. Very soon (from October to January) the embassy is planning to invade Rajasthan with Israeli culture. Don't get me wrong, I only mean cultural events,\" quipped David Goldfarb.Elaborating on the details he said, \"We would be bringing an animation festival in October. We are also planning to mark presence at the Jaipur International Film Festival. We are planning to bring Michael Greilsammer and Yemen Blues for music besides an Israeli food festival to Jaipur.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098521", "title": "IIT to vet BMC's pay-n-park tech proposal", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC is awaiting Indian Institute of Technology's report on technology to be used at parking lots before finalizing the contract. The proposal to set up one centralized server that will store vehicle data recorded by hand-held devices at each of its 92 pay-and-park lots in the city will be tabled at the standing committee in a week and is aimed at preventing parking attendants from overcharging and fleecing motorists.\"IIT will study the technical and financial aspect of the proposal. They will give their estimation on the software and level of expertise needed for the purpose, whether BMC is paying the contractor excess amount for every transaction carried out,\" said additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta.The civic body has floated a single tender but the IIT report will decide on the level of expertise and man-month required to handle technology at parking lots. If IIT disapproves the contractor-quoted rates, the BMC will refloat tenders. The contractor's role will be to provide centralized server, hand-held devices, maintenance of system, supplying paper rolls and periodical data desired by the BMC. The contractor will charge the civic body per transaction, per car, per parking lot.Currently, parking attendants give out a receipt written manually and there have been widespread instances of overcharging.The civic body will make it compulsory for the contractor to use the hand-held device that will be directly connected to the centrally-located server. \"If a particular vehicle enters the parking lot, the hand-held device will record its entry the time, date and make of the car on a real-time basis. On exit, it will issue a computerized receipt which will state the duration for which it was parked. Charges will be levied based on corporation rates,\" said a civic official from BMC's traffic division.Once successful, it will be replicated in shopping malls in the second phase. The BMC also proposes to issue a pre-loaded card for car owners, which will help them pay parking charges and toll.\"This card will help motorists save time, as they will not have to stand in queues and pay. It will be like a debit card, preloaded, where motorists will swipe and the amount will be deducted from the card, everytime a car is parked. We have also requested MSRDC to use this card for toll payment at Sealink. We have got an in-principle approval for this card from Mantralaya,\" Gupta said.The Charges3-, 4-WheelersUp to 1 hr: Rs 151-3 hrs: Rs 203-6 hrs: Rs 306-12 hrs: Rs 55After 12 hrs: Rs 65Two-WheelersUp to 1 hr: Rs 21-3 hrs: Rs 103-6 hrs: Rs 156-12 hrs: Rs 20After 12 hrs: Rs 25Truck, BusUp to 1 hr: Rs 251-3 hrs: Rs 453-6 hrs: Rs 756-12 hrs: Rs 145After 12 hrs: Rs 180(All charges from Nov 2011-Nov 2013)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15105569", "title": "SC reduces govt's discretionary quota seats for Haj pilgrims", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday reduced the government's discretionary quota seats for Haj pilgrims to 300 from the 5,050 seats, proposed by it.A bench of justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana Prakash Desai limited the number of seats to be allocated under the discretionary quota by the President to 100, Vice-President to 75, Prime Minister to 75 and the external affairs minister to 50.The bench said 200 seats would be reserved for the Haj Committee of India (HCI).The court was informed that 11,000 seats have been reserved under government quota to be allocated for Haj 2012.After limiting the seats under dignitaries quota and the HCI, the bench said remaining seats would go to the Haj committees of various states and Union territories.It also said no high court will entertain any writ petition for registration of pilgrims for the Haj 2012.The bench said if any such petition by any pilgrim or private tour operator is filed in any high court, it will have to be transferred to the apex court.The bench passed the order after going through an affidavit filed by the government in compliance with the court's May 8 direction.The court on May 8 had asked the government to furnish details on how its discretionary quota seats for Haj pilgrims are allocated to applicants on recommendation by dignitaries and eminent persons.It had passed the order saying \"we have some initial reservations on allocation of seats on recommendation by dignitaries and eminent persons\".The apex court had also directed the government to phase out Haj subsidy within a period of 10 years, saying the sum can be more profitably used for social and educational development of the Muslim community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kushinagar (uttar pradesh)", "code": "15102768", "title": "Woman gang-raped in UP police station", "text": "Kushinagar (Uttar Pradesh): A woman was allegedly gang-raped within the premises of a police station in Khadda area here, police said today.The woman was taken to the police station on July 17 by a man Vijay Verma of her village Gainahi promising her help in getting a job but she was forcibly given liquor and a number of policemen allegedly raped her in a room, the woman said in her complaint yesterday.\"On the complaint of the woman, an FIR has been registered against Verma and sub-inspector Virendra Kumar. The woman will be sent for medical examination today,\" Circle Officer Vinod Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15099528", "title": "Sao Mathias locals lament poor medical, ferry services", "text": "PANAJI: Issues related to problems and inadequacies of public utility services, especially ferry, medical and basic infrastructure dominated the gram sabha of Sao Mathias panchayat, Malar on Sunday.The meeting, chaired by Gurudas Bhomkar, was attended by many islanders, who were unhappy about the arrangements due to lack of public address system and inadequate space for members.Members voiced the need for a ferry service at 6.15am at both points, Divar-Old Goa and Divar-Sao Pedro to facilitate transit of islanders to far off places of work.The issue of urgent repairs to the Divar-Sao Pedro ferry wharf, which has several potholes on both sides, was also discussed. The sarpanch assured that the road leading to Naroa ferry point would be widened.Regarding the need for dredging of ferry wharf at Vanxim, the sarpanch assured that a suggestion has already been forwarded to the government.After members complained about the discontinuation of 108 ambulance service, the sarpanch assured that he would strive to get the vehicle parked once again on the island. It was also suggested that at least a weekly visit by a doctor be arranged for islanders of Vanxim, as no services of one are available.It was also proposed that a community hall and premises to house a bank be constructed to generate income for the panchayat. In a related matter, villagers suggested hiking of fees on lease of space in panchayat compound to BSNL, stating that the annual returns of 17,000 from it were poor.A few proposals related to the needs of Vanxim islanders were taken up through the association of Ilha de Vanxim by president Maggie Silveira and others. A resolution to protect the eco-senstivie areas of the small island, including mangroves, paddy fields, sluice gates, khazan land and mudflat was adopted.Ajit Morajkar, Agnelo and Albert Menezes,Prisca Fernandes, Francis Vaz and Pradip Chodepkar were among those who took up various issues. It was also suggested that chief minister Manohar Parrikar be invited to lay the foundation stone for a building to house the health centre so that islanders problems could be put up to him.Silveira suggested that panchayat members of Sao Mathias and Goltim-Navelim hold a joint meeting to discuss problems faced by the islanders and then call a public meeting for collective decision-making.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15099925", "title": "Stressed out on the road", "text": "BANGALORE: Shivrudrappa (name changed), a sub-inspector (SI) attached with the Bangalore traffic police, leaves home around 8 am every day. He is on his feet, literally, for the next 12 hours at least. By the time he returns home, his three-year-old son would have hit the sack. His wife, employed with a private company, serves him dinner before crashing out.SI Shivrudrappa has to wait for 14 days to spend quality time with his family, because like all officers of his rank he gets a day off only twice a month. Even his subordinates, constables, are better placed as they work in shifts and have their weekly offs.Life is a bundle of stress for traffic assistant SIs, SIs and inspectors. They are forever dealing with frayed tempers of motorists, reckless drivers and foolhardy jaywalkers. Else, they are busy with the thankless job of providing bandobast to VIPs. Work stresses them out, affecting their health.Thirty-one-year-old Pushpavathi (name changed), also an SI, said: \"I just get two offs every month. We have 15 days of casual leave a year, but we don't get to avail of it when we require it. We get leave only when our bosses feel like giving it to us. Working for long hours without a break is affecting our health.\"Citing a colleague's example, Pushpavathi said: \"She is unable to give her 3-year-old daughter the required attention. Her husband has single-handedly taken care of the kid's needs. And she's missing at family outings.\"On an average a Bangalore traffic police officer mans about 1,000 vehicles every day in a non-conducive environment, which is full of dust and pollution. The nature of the job is a perfect recipe for onset of obesity, heart ailments and diabetes.Additional commissioner of police, traffic, M A Saleem told TOI: \"The 600-odd assistant sub-inspectors, sub-inspectors and inspectors too have weekly offs. But most of them don't take it as they earn Rs 100 extra for working on a weekly off. But we have made it compulsory for all of them to take two days off a month.\"The officers on the road dispute Saleem's claim. \"We don't get weekly offs. All we can take is two days off every month that too subject to circumstances. If there is a VIP visiting the city, we can't even take leave,\" an SI said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15099903", "title": "Two women attempt suicide in Indore, one dies", "text": "INDORE: In two separate incidents of attempting suicide, one woman died while another is battling for life in a hospital.According to the police, a woman identified as Komal, 31, a resident of Ganeshdham Colony hanged herself to the ceiling. When her husband Sunderlal Chauhan found her hanging she was rushed to MY hospital where she was declared brought dead.Quoting Sunderlal, police said 'it was hard to decipher the reason why his wife took the extreme step'. Police said that the couple took dinner together and went to sleep. The incident came to fore when Sunderlal woke up early in the morning to find her hanging. No suicide note was recovered from the deceased possession.In another incident, a woman in depression, attempted suicide by consuming poison in Pithampur area late on Saturday night.The woman identified as Shashi, is wife of Chandresh Prajapati. The incident took place when the couple had a dispute over family issues and Chandresh left the house with children. He reportedly went to his relative's place based in Jabalpur.The woman was said to be depressed as her husband refused to return home. In a rage of sadness she therefore, tried to end her life. She was then admitted to a private hospital, where her condition is stated to be critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "st john's", "code": "15102620", "title": "Chris Gayle returns to West Indies Test squad", "text": "ST JOHN'S: Having made peace with the West Indies Cricket Board, explosive batsman Chris Gayle on Sunday returned to the country's Test side after more than 18 months.Gayle has been named in the West Indies squad for the first Test against New Zealand starting on Wednesday.Gayle last played Test cricket during the tour of Sri Lanka in December 2010. Also back in the squad is Shivnarine Chanderpaul , who missed the final Test against England due to a side strain.The selectors have left out an injured Darren Bravo from the 13-man squad. Bravo sustained the injury during the England tour.The first Test against New Zealand will be played in Antigua before the teams head to Jamaica for the second and final Test.The squad: Darren Sammy (Capt.), Chris Gayle, Adrian Barath, Kieran Powell, Assad Fudadin, Shivnarine Chanderpaul, Marlon Samuels, Narsingh Deonarine, Denesh Ramdin, Tino Best , Kemar Roach, Ravi Rampaul, Sunil Narine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15105036", "title": "Pakado Pakado promo song from Julayi released", "text": "The promo song \"Pakado Pakado\" from stylish star Allu Arjun's forthcoming film Julayi was released yesterday (July 22) officially. With the movie slated for August 9 release, the makers have escalated the publicity stunt by unveiling the much awaited promo song.The unit of \"Julayi\" has arranged a press conference in Hyderabad and released 'Pakado Pakdo' video song to media. The song, which was composed by Devi Sri Prasad and sung by Malagadi Shubha, was filmed on Allu Arjun and music director DSP.Trivikram, Producer Radhakrishna, DVV Satynarayana, Allu Arjun, Allu Aravind, Devi Sri Prasad, etc took part in this this event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "15099051", "title": "CBI yet to get any clue in 10-year-old murder case", "text": "JAISALMER: The CBI, investigating the Harish Prajapat murder case which took place 10 years ago, is unable to reach any conclusion despite the time limit of three months given by the high court which ended last week. It is said the agency will submit its progress report to the court and may seek more time to investigate the case.On January 18, 2002, a youth, Harish Prajapat, was murdered and his body was thrown into Gadisar Lake. The body was recovered on January 19 but the local police could not make any breakthrough following which the state government handed over the case to CBI. CBI too could not make any arrest and closed the case by filing the final report in June 2006.The ACJM court on October 4, 2007 accepted the final report. Later on April 4, 2012, the high court ordered reopening of the case and asked CBI to submit a report within three months.After the order, a team of eight members headed by a DSP reached Jaisalmer and started an inquiry by calling many people.CBI sources said that as the case is 10 years old, lot of problems are being faced in solving it.Sources said that although CBI did not get any evidences, they are making all efforts. Sagtaram, the father of the victim said the CBI was forced to file the final report as the murderers could not be caught due to political pressure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "jangipur", "code": "15100422", "title": "Jangipur remembers Dada's contribution", "text": "JANGIPUR: For someone who had been a Rajya Sabha MP for decades and did not contest a real election till he was 69, it was but natural that nursing a constituency would be alien to Pranab Mukherjee. He had even acquired the nickname 'rootless wanderer'. Mukherjee had acknowledged as much when he appealed to the people of Murshidabad: \"It will be nice if you give me a root.\"Murshidabad welcomed the idea of him contesting the Lok Sabha elections from Jangipur but did not pin much hope of his victory ushering in major changes in the district. After all, his track record showed a very conservative politician who had made it big by dint of his own capabilities but done nothing much for his home Birbhum.\"It was an honour to have Pranab Babu contest the first 'real' polls from Jangipur. But we didn't expect much beyond Jangipur figuring on national map,\" confessed a Congressman in Behrampore. How wrong he proved to be. Over the next eight years, Mukherjee worked in the constituency with unprecedented zeal, leaving behind a lasting legacy. He may not be as revered as the late Ghani Khan Chowdhury is in Malda, but he has surely proved detractors wrong.By 2009, he had cemented his ties and won the second term on the merit of his work.One person though, had faith in 'Dada'. Murshidabad heavyweight Adhir Chowdhury had asked the people to welcome Mukherjee as a guest and display their large-heartedness. \"If we ensure Pranabda's victory, he will either be No. 2 or 3 in the ministry and has the capability to ring in major changes that will completely metamorphose the district,\" he had said in the run-up to the pre-election campaign in 2004.Mukherjee won comfortably, thanks to Chowdhury's unstinted support in a district he zealously guards as a Congress bastion. Two years later, he allotted Rs 50 crore for Malda and Murshidabad to curb Ganga erosion. He also allotted Rs 330 crore to repair the embankments along the twin rivers.Prior to Mukherjee's election, Chowdhury had undertaken a 135-km rally from Farakka to Jalangi, urging the Centre to step in and curb erosion that threatened to swallow big chunks of the district. Before 2000, Akheriganj under Bhagangola police station - an entire gram panchayat comprising nearly 10 villages - had been washed away. In 2005, before embankment protection work could begin, two villages - Parashpur and Taltali - were washed away.Since embankment repair work got underway, there has been no significant erosion in the district. Last year, around 10 houses were damaged or lost in Moya, Lalgola, and some parts of Sagardighi and Raghunathganj got affected. But the damage is not severe.\"Erosion has been successfully arrested,\" said SUCI-backed Ganga Bhangan Pratirodh Committee's Khadija Bano.Flooding was another major problem that plagued Murshidabad. In Kandi, five rivers - Dwaraka, Brahmani, Mayurakshi, Kunye, Babla - wrecked havoc, flooding large swathes of land on either banks.In this year's Budget, Mukherjee has allotted Rs 439 crore for Kandi masterplan under which 70 canals and waterbodies will be dredged. something that has not happened in four decades. Also embankment will be repaired and their height increased if needed.\"Many years ago, Mukherjee's father Kamodakinkar Mukhopadhyay had campaigned to dredge Langolhata waterbody. Though several decades passed thereafter, it was finally his son who made it happen,\" said Chowdhury. Incidentally, an intra-district football tournament has been christened in Mukhopadhyay's honour.Another major infrastructure project that Mukherjee helped undertake was the Lashipur-Azimganj railway bridge that had been destroyed in World War II. The rebuilding of the bridge will improve network between Eastern and South-Eastern Railway.People of Murshidabad will not only remember Mukherjee for curbing the flood and erosion,He has also left an imprint in education sector with a central management institute in Mathurapur under Raghunathganj PS in his constituency. He has also allotted Rs 50 crore for Aligarh Muslim University at Sutir Ahiron. Though a land dispute is yet to be sorted out, classes have begun at Mangaljon in Raghunathganj PS area.But more than the university and the B-school, it is the college that Mukherjee started in Sagardighi two years ago that people are most thankful for. Earlier, there was no centre of higher study in the locality and students had to go either to Behrampore or Jangipur. Mukherjee also persuaded a cellphone company to collaborate and improve infrastructure at 12 primary schools in Murshidabad and two schools in Birbhum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15103633", "title": "App to check auto, taxi meter tampering", "text": "MUMBAI: A mobile app that works like a rickshaw or taxi meter has come out. Meant for Android phones, the app, called Auto Taxi Meter &amp; Card, is free and can be downloaded from Google Play Store.Developed by Smart Shehar, a mobile downloads firm, the app works using GPS. \"We are not making any profit out of it,\" said Chetan Temkar of the firm. \"Since meter tampering is rampant in Mumbai's suburbs, we are offering the technology to every harried commuter free of cost. It is a public service and I hope errant drivers are caught red-handed with the help of our app.\"Transport expert Ashok Datar has written to transport commissioner V N More, asking him to organise public demos of the app by RTO officials. \"The tool will in effect tell a commuter if the meter of the auto or taxi hired by him or her is tampered,\" Datar said. \"In case there is a sizeable difference between the fare shown by the vehicle's meter and that arrived at by the app, the commuter will be confidently able to take up the issue with the driver and even lodge a complaint with the RTO or the traffic police.\"The parallel e-meter concept (meter apps) is a great boon for commuters. We no longer have to depend completely on the meter fitted by auto or taxi drivers.\"\"The latest app is easy to use. After you start the cellphone e-meter at the beginning of your journey, it keeps showing the distance covered and what the correct meter reading should be.\"The app computes the distance covered on the basis of geographical coordinates of starting and finishing points obtained through GPS. Thus, at the end of journey, the cellphone e-meter shows the exact distance in km, waiting time (if any) and the fare as per the latest RTO-approved tariff card. The app will automatically update tariff cards depending on fare hikes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15099966", "title": "RTO to push automatic test yard project", "text": "KOCHI: The Ernakulam Regional Transport Officer (RTO) would submit a detailed project proposal to the district collector to expedite the construction of automatic driving test tracks in the district.RTO will also request the district administration to hand over the two acres of land, identified in Thoothiyur near Kakkanad, to the department.Once the district administration hands over the land to the Motor Vehicles Department, the work would begin soon, said RTO T J Thomas.\"Currently the land identified is marshy and it needs to be filled and leveled before we begin the construction. Once we get the clearance from the administration we would be able to complete the test tracks and control rooms a year's time,\" said the RTO.The department is currently planning to construct the driving test track in the same way the first automated test tracks have been constructed at Chevayoor in Kozhikode.The department has already installed an automatic testing track in Kozhikode and plans to introduce such tracks in Kannur, Thrissur, Ernakulam, and Thiruvananthapuram soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098741", "title": "Businessman found dead in railway yard", "text": "MUMBAI: A 55-year-old businessman was found dead in a railway yard in Bhayander late on Saturday. Santosh Shetty stayed at Motilal Nagar in Goregaon and used to run a garments business, Shreelaxmi Enterprises, from his residence.Shetty left his home on Saturday afternoon. His family tried to contact him, but his cellphone was switched off. His body was found in the railway yard near Bhayander station around 11.30pm on Saturday. A train ticket from Goregaon to Bhayandar was found his pocket. His cellphone was also recovered,\" an officer said. Shetty's body was sent for an autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15105023", "title": "Nair's 'Reluctant Fundamentalist' to open Venice film fest", "text": "NRI filmmaker Mira Nair's latest thriller 'The Reluctant Fundamentalist', starring Shabana Azmi and Om Puri, will open the 69th edition of Venice film festival next month.An adaptation of Pakistani writer Mohsin Hamid's book of the same name, the film will have its world premiere in an out-of-competition screening at the festival which runs from August 29 August to September 8, the official website of the festival said.A riveting international political thriller, the film follows the story of a young Pakistani man, chasing corporate success on Wall Street, who ultimately finds himself embroiled in a conflict between his American Dream, a hostage crisis, and the enduring call of his family's homeland.Apart from Azmi, the film also stars Hollywood actor Kate Hudson , Kiefer Sutherland and Liev Schreiber. Actor Riz Ahmed, who was last seen in Freida Pinto starrer 'Trishna' , has been cast by Nair to play the lead 'Changez'.Festival director Alberto Barbera said they decided to open the festival with Nair's film because it is an \"exemplary film adaptation of a novel that deals with the topical issue of fundamentalism of any kind or nature.\"\"The Festival's opening night will feature a film that provides much food for thought. It is a choice that intends to highlight the growing role of female creativity in all spheres of culture and contemporary society.\"...With great sensitivity, subtlety and remarkable sense of cinematic narrative, the director is never reluctant to take a difficult stand, inspired by profound ethical and moral reasons that, although choosing to face reality, still reject its compromises and aberrations,\" Barbera added.Adapted by William Wheeler and produced by Lydia Dean Pilcher, the film was shot in the cities of Lahore, Delhi, Istanbul, New York and Atlanta.Nair, the Golden Lion winner in 2001 for 'Monsoon Wedding', is returning to the festival for the fifth time. She has previously presented 'Mississippi Masala' and 'Vanity Fair' at the festival.The India-born director made her debut in 1988 with Oscar nominated 'Salaam Bombay!' and went on to make internationally acclaimed movies like 'Mississippi Masala', 'The Perez Family', 'Kama Sutra: A Tale of Love', 'My Own Country', 'Monsoon Wedding', 'Hysterical Blindness', 'Vanity Fair', 'The Namesake', 'New York, I Love You' and 'Amelia'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15100843", "title": "This monsoon, keep the \u2018itch\u2019 away from pets", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Lustrous fur and skin free from any problem is the dream of every dog owner. But this dream is invariably shattered during monsoon months as high humidity and moderate to high temperature during monsoon is a very good environment for ectoparasites and other infectious agents that are responsible for skin diseases, to flourish. After the intense summer heat a good spell of rain is welcome by our furry friends too but bacteria and viruses multiply rapidly in this season. While its impossible not to take your pet for a walk at least twice a day, there's no stopping them once they're out.\"Pets are most prone to waterborne diseases, pododermatitis (inflammation of the skin of the paws) and ear infections in the monsoon,\" says Dr Ravinder Singh , a Chandigarh-based veterinarian in Sector 26.\"The ectoparasites include ticks, fleas, lice and mites while infectious agents consist of bacteria and fungi. Moreover, the environmental conditions during monsoon are excellent for fungal infections,\" says Dr Toor, a Sector 11 based veterinary.Fungal infections, especially in the ears, are also widespread in this season since in many breeds the ears are covered and don't get much air to keep dry. The digits of the paws are also potential areas for fungal infections if they are not cleaned properly after the dog's walk. There are anti-fungal powders that can be used after grooming the dog.Skin diseases in dogs occur due to various factors like bacteria, fungus, parasites and food allergies. Pet owners should take certain precautions to ensure that their pets remain healthy. They should avoid taking the dog in the sun - early morning and evening is ideal for walking your dog.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15098952", "title": "Vidarbha villagers backtrack in black buck poaching case", "text": "NAGPUR: The case of the black buck poaching that happened in Washim district of Vidarbha has gained a new twist with the villagers submitting to the Ansing police station that they do not have any complaints against the accused.\"The villagers had seen the accused in the village for a few days and were anxious about their activities, and that is why they approached us. Now, the villagers have given it in writing that they don't have any problem with them,\" said Kishor Markad, a constable of the Ansing police station.He also added that when they searched the vehicle of the accused no body of the dead animal was found. \"The villagers just brought the corpse, but we do not know from where,\" Markad said.But activists say that it is the political pressure that is making the villagers backtrack. One of the accused, Anil Naik, is the nephew of state minister Manohar Naik who it is being said is using his powers to pressure the villagers into giving up the matter.On Saturday, the Satpuda Foundation and the honorary wildlife wardens of the five districts of Vidarbha had felicitated the villagers for their bravery in getting hold of the poachers .But the Satpuda Foundation informed that the villagers refused to take part in it and even the sarpanch of the village, Jambharun refused to be a part of the function. The villagers reportedly told the organizers of the function not to conduct it as they are facing tremendous pressure.\"The minister is using his influence. The villagers had done an admirable job by catching the poachers, but as one of the prime accused is a relative of a minister and no proper action is being taken,\" said Kundan Hate, honorary wildlife warden of Nagpur.\"If the villagers take action in this case, their development will be hampered, this is the way they are being threatened,\" Hate said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104341", "title": "Sukhwinder to revive R D Burman songs", "text": "Sukhwinder Singh might have not been in the limelight for some time now, but he never ceases to mesmerize his audience with his voice. For someone who has given us numerous songs to remember, is now planning to don a different cap. He now is working for his upcoming film as a music director, but its with a twist. He is going to revamp R D Burman's songs, give it a new flavor and present it in a new light.Talking about the venture Sukhwinder says, \"I will be reviving the melodies of R D Burman songs. I am working on giving it a new life while retaining the essence of the songs. It's not going to be an easy job as reviving old classics is a huge responsibility. Unless you do it with proper care, it will sound like a copy and I don't want that to happen.\" He adds, \"And the credits will show R D Burman as the music director. It's his songs and I want the credit to go to him.\"Sukhwinder, who also featured in three songs that had a hook like from an old song says this is a welcome trend as Bollywood is going global these days and that if such a thing is done it will only take the old melodies to a wider audience that has lost touch with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15099902", "title": "Kusma remarks on RTE students irk Peoples Union for Civil Liberties", "text": "MYSORE: Peoples Union for Civil Liberties (PUCL) state general secretary V Lakshminarayan on Sunday came down heavily on the Karnataka State Unaided Private Schools Association (Kusma) office-bearers for allegedly making racist and derogatory remarks about children seeking admission under the RTE quota.He took strong exception to the alleged statement that admitting children to their schools under RTE is like letting sewage into sea, and urged the government to take action against them.He flayed the government's move directing priests of muzrai temples to offer special pujas to appease the rain god and described it as \"most unscientific and irrational suggestion by this fundamentalist BJP government\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15106503", "title": "It\u2019s take-two for FTII!", "text": "The Film and Television Institute of India is leaving all the politics, protest and complaints of the last couple of years behind. It's eyeing a productive and positive future, away from issues which plagued it recently, including lack of workshops, seminars, reduction in the course fee, etc. And, to add to the positive route the institute will tread, it will now have an all new glam avatar and the national film awards for students to boost it up.\"The glam factor was missing for over three decades. People would say things like 'We can't see anything. Where are the actors?' The face of FTII was missing it seems,\" says D J Narain, the director of the institute. But now the institute will admit students who are high on the glam quotient to the acting course post its revival. \"Most of our alumni are behind the scenes so people don't notice them. We will have the likes of Shabana Azmi and Jaya Bachchan again. We will include the latest trends keeping the industry in mind. Talks are also on with international film schools for an exchange programme,\" Narain adds. And to add to it, the authorities are also contemplating to institute a National Film Award for Students to promote and encourage students of films from across the country. It will be held on February 2013 in the FTII campus followed by a National Students Film Festival.The Save FTII campaign Oscar winner Resul Pookutty, who is presently in Los Angeles, had launched a Save FTII campaign a year ago and had even urged Rahul Gandhi to save the institute. A year has passed and he wants the school to be 'free from interference from the government now'. \"In five years, it will emerge as the best school in the world. It's a challenge. Give it to me, I will run it and show the world how good a film school FTII can be,\" says Resul.FTII back with spunkWhy There's Hope In terms of programmes, curriculum and equipment, FTII is a leader. Comparing FTII to private institutes, Resul says, \"Let us be real. None of the private film schools have better equipment than FTII. None of them have better programmes than FTII. The only better thing they have is the fees per student,\" adds Resul. Gautam Nair, a student who recently bagged a national award for the best audiography for the film One Two, says, \"The equipment is much better than in private colleges and it has also improved in the past few years.\" Actor Pitobash agrees, \"We could hardly bank upon the softwares back in 2008. But things are better now.\"Issues Resolved Hostel accommodation was a problem for every new batch that joined the institute. Lack of rooms and unclean toilets are a thing of the past now. A new hostel has been constructed opposite the campus. \"The year 2013 will be one of restructuring. We are all set to clear the backlogs of three batches in a single year,\" says Narain. Subsequently, 36 diploma films and 36 music videos will be showcased. \"FTII will receive ` 80 crore from the government which may be increased if required. Earlier we had demanded a budget of ` 138 crore. We have also increased the man power in terms of faculty and have included 12 extra posts. For a long time the technical design and acting courses were disconnected. They will have a whole new look by next year,\" Narain adds.The Government Tag Veteran actor Anupam Kher isn't an alumni of FTII but has conducted several workshops at the institute. \"All government institutes require oxygen and blood transfusion,\" he says. Kher is upset with the \"lack of energy\" that FTII has. \"But I believe it is in a process of revival,\" he adds. According to Resul, \"We have to fight the mindset that all public institutions are bad. The real problem is the red tape around the functioning of the institute.\" Pitobash Tripathy, an FTII alumni who has made a mark in Bollywood with a couple of films, says, \"The government should sit together and look for solutions on what is lacking in such an iconic place instead of playing politics.\"Acting Course Revived \"The institute wound up the acting course in 1978. With a lot of effort, a theatre graduate course was restarted in 1996. And in 2004 it was introduced again. We are planning a one year foundation course, a part of the integrated programme followed by a specialisation, from next year,\" informs S Chandramohan Nair, Head, Department of Acting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15104562", "title": "All India Trade Union Congress to back demands of beedi workers on Thursday", "text": "MANGALORE: All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC) has announced its intent to lay siege to office of deputy commissioner here on July 26 to press for resolution of various demands of beedi workers. These include delay in release of scholarship amount to children of beedi workers for past three years; and move to shift onus of distributing scholarship from office of commissioner for beedi workers welfare to department of education.HV Ananatha Subba Rao, general secretary of AITUC told reporters here on Monday that the authorities concerned have reduced the number of beneficiaries eligible for scholarship from the academic years 2009-10 and 2010-11. Nearly 75% of children of beedi workers are not receiving the scholarship, he said, adding problem has aggravated ever since it was decided to credit the scholarship amount to joint account of student and parents.The state government is now contemplating to vest the responsibility of distribution of the scholarship to education department on grounds that number of beneficiaries is increasing each year, he said. Terming this retrograde step, Subba Rao said instead the government must focus on empowering office of commissioner for beedi workers welfare, and shift this office to a place where the concentration of beedi workers is most in the state.Observing that majority of beedi workers were found in coastal districts of DK and Udupi, numbering around 5-lakh, he said it would be ideal if commissioner's office was located here. Schools are receiving belated instructions from the commissioner's office directing students to apply for scholarships. The government instead must come up with a fixed calendar in this regard and ensure timely payment of scholarships to children of beedi workers.Move to deny scholarship to children below 14-years citing free and compulsory education guaranteed under Right to Education Act too is retrograde step. The plight of beedi workers has no improved by any means of imagination and even now struggle to get the minimum wages prescribed by the state government from respective beedi companies, he said, adding that the state government must drop this move which he said is \"anti-education.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15100018", "title": "Kochi registers 300% rise in traffic offences", "text": "KOCHI: It is really suicidal to be on the city roads as Kochiites continue to be worst drivers who give scant regard to traffic rules. There has been a 300% rise in the number of traffic offences in the four-year period from 2008. The only positive development during the period is that there was a drop in number of drunken driving cases.According to the data with the city traffic police, while 1,436 rash driving cases were registered in 2008, it increased to 5,982 in 2011. Similarly, the number of traffic obstruction cases has also increased to 1,753 in 2011 from 157 in 2008.However, the number of drunken driving cases has fallen to 4,795 in 2011 from 5,397 in 2008.\"We have intensified the drive against drunken drivers and it has a deterrent effect. People have started to avoid driving vehicles after consuming alcohol,\" said a senior traffic police officer.The officer said that police teams were deployed specifically to check drunken driving. \"We want the people to be sensible when it comes to following traffic rules. The fall in cases is the result of stringent checking,\" the officer said.Police officials said that they used to nab a minimum of 15 persons a day for drunken driving and more people were nabbed during the time between 4pm and 9pm.In 2011, the maximum number of drunken driving cases were reported in the month of January (615) and the least in December (224). A total 167 persons were killed road accidents in main parts of the city (areas excluding the roads under Traffic East station) in the 2011 while it was 166 in 2010, 154 in 2009 and 173 in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15100442", "title": "Bangalore cops in a spot over extra-marital affair", "text": "BANGALORE: Two constables have been suspended after a man complained to the deputy commissioner of police (central) BR Ravikanthe Gowda that his wife had been allegedly raped.The woman is said to be the daughter of a slain rowdy, Palani Raju.Gowda confirmed the suspensions but said there was no case of rape. He said it was a case of extra-marital affair involving one of the suspended policemen. The second policeman has been suspended for abetting the affair. Gowda, however, declined to name the policemen.The victim's mother, Revathi Palani Raju, denied the charges. \"There have been problems in my daughter's marriage and the couple has gone to police,\" she said.Revathi denied there was any rape. She said her son-in-law was concocting a story based on phone records. Palani was killed in early 2006 when he was attacked in Hosmat Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15099408", "title": "Neem rules again in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Neem, scientific name Azadirachta Indica, has once again emerged as the favourite tree in the eight municipal corporations of the state. It is followed by asopalav trees. The tree census revealed that of the 33 lakh trees in the eight municipal corporations, neem constitutes good 13.17, with asopalav trees contributing 7.1 per cent.Ahmedabad city alone has nearly 34 per cent of the neem and asopalav trees. Asopalav or Pendula is a common species in the garden and private compound as they occupy less space but attain a good height.Gando baval has invaded in some areas, especially in the fringes of the cities and along rivers and streams. Deshi baval is a common species and its presence is good in majority of the cities and towns.Pipado or Ficus Tsila, is another important species, which though not found in great numbers in Gujarat, appears dominant in some cities due its canopy dimension.A few exotic species like Prosopis chilensis, Eucalyptus, Su-baval, Israeli baval and Saptapari are among the twenty trees in the urban areas. Pipal (30,890) and Vad or banyan tree (24,830) do not appear in the list of twenty main species but their presence is felt.Over 240 tree species were encountered during the enumeration in urban areas of Gujarat. The main tree species in order of their number are: Neem (Azadirachta Indica), asopalav (Pollyalthia Longifolia), deshi baval (Acacia Nilotica), gando baval (Prosopis Chilensis), amaltas or garmalo (Casia Fistula), peltrofurum (Peltroforum Ferruginieum), kasid (Casia Siamea), sirus (Albizia Lebbek), gulmohar (Delonix regia), ardusa (Ailanthus Excels), saptparni (Alstonia Scholaris), pendula (Polyalthia Pendula), Eucalyptus, Prosopis chilensis, kanji (Pongamia pinnata), and mango (Mangifera indica). The number of Ficus species - Vad (Ficus Benghalensis), pipado (Ficus Tsiela) and peepal (Ficus Religiosa) are noticeable too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15100118", "title": "Supporters gear up for Keshubhai Patel 's birthday", "text": "SURAT: Supporters of former chief minister Keshubhai Patel and Mahagujarat Janta Party (MJP) organised a rally in Varachha area on Sunday afternoon to garner support for the BJP veteran's birthday celebrations planned in the city on Tuesday.Nearly 2,000 people participated in the rally, which moved around in parts of Varachha and railway station.Sources said that most of the participants were from the Patel community from Saurashtra. Considering Keshubhai's popularity among the Patels from Saurashtra, the event has been planned in Punagam area which is adjoining to Varachha.Flaunting banners reading \"Bas have to Parivartan (All that we want is change). Keshubhai was shown holding a torch in the banner. To make the rally successful, society-level meetings were carried out in Varachha, Katargam, Kapodra and Punagam areas.Just a couple of days before Keshubhai's birthday bash, BJP-ruled Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) announced giving land for community hospital for Patels in Katargam area for Re 1 token rent. The announcement was made on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15099542", "title": "Let panchayats decide real estate permissions: Orlim village panchayat", "text": "MARGAO: The recent judgement by the Supreme Court which held that panchayats could challenge government decisions before the high court found an echo at the gram sabha of the Orlim village panchayat held on Sunday, as the meeting adopted a resolution demanding reinstatement of the village panchayats as the authority to whom applications for construction permissions within the panchayat area shall be submitted first, in order to comply with Section 66 of the Goa Panchayat Raj Act, 1994.In view of the said apex court judgements, a resolution demanding revocation of the recent amendment to the Goa Panchayat Raj Act, 1994, which empowered the panchayat secretary to implement directions/orders of the director of panchayats, was also passed by the gram sabha.A resolution demanding that all construction approvals/NOCs must have necessary clearance from water resources, agriculture and health department was also adopted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15100644", "title": "Journalism as a career option", "text": "Pen is mightier than the sword. Even today, the younger generation is attracted to journalism. Everyday, there are several events happening across the world \u2014 political , cultural, religious, educational, social and natural events, etc. We come to know about these events sitting in our houses. How is that possible? Through mass communication, providing information to a large crowd at the same time. But, for this, someone has to collect the information as well as present it. This is the main aim of journalism. Journalism includes investigating, analysing and reporting local as well as world events, trends, current affairs, and so on.QUALIFICATIONJournalism courses are offered at graduation and postgraduation levels. To become a journalist, one can complete a Bachelor's in mass communication/ mass media/journalism after +2. After completion in a related graduation field, one may complete a Master's in journalism or mass communication. A graduate (who has a flair for writing) from any other field can also opt for a postgraduate course in journalism.SKILLS REQUIREDInquisitive and investigative mind Alertness Adaptive and tolerant of changing and difficult situations Good communication skills Also, command over language , confidence, enthusiasm, patience and perseverance, the ability to differentiate between fact and fiction, adhering to deadlines, team cohesiveness, sensitivity to different views and lifestyles, in-depth knowledge about various fields such as politics, culture, religion, social and current affairs. The most important fact is that people generally feel that journalism is all about writing. It is. However, it is also about reading and most importantly, the ability to express one's thoughts on varied topics. Journalism is for people who are ready to explore various opportunities 24/7, without the constraints of cultural upbringing , gender, and are also ready to go beyond geographical boundaries.JOB PROSPECTSThere are different categories in which the media industry can be divided \u2014 print and electronic. As the name suggests , everything that is printed comes under print media, which includes newspapers, magazines, journals, tabloids, dailies and books. On the other hand, electronic media includes content on television , radio and the internet. With changes in the society , even this field has undergone a radical change. A journalist has to cover stories/features on various aspects of life i.e. political, financial , leisure, crime, sports, entertainment, spiritual, educational , infrastructure, technological , medical, and so on. Not to forget, along with the newspapers , there has been an increase in the number of magazines too. Specialised magazines are available in the field of fashion, beauty, family, for youth, travel, medical, technological , lifestyle, education, sports, etc. They can be in many languages. Some of the work opportunities are in the areas of advertising agencies; educational institutes , magazines, news papers, portals/websites of publications , publishing houses, radio channels as well as television channels. While there are opportunities in this field, it is a competitive field. Therefore, one has to perform at the highest level and be able to work under difficult situations. However , if one persists with hard work and passion, a career in journalism can be a fulfiling and lucrative option.For more stories, visit www.myeducationtimes. com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15105060", "title": "Indian racer shines in Germany", "text": "KOLKATA: Fortec Motorsports racer India's Shahaan Engineer rocketed back into the top 10 of the Formula Renault 2.0 Northern European Cup driver standings at Oschersleben in Germany after securing ninth, eighth and seventh place finishes in the latest three rounds of the season.The 16-year-old, who is in only his first full season of car racing and is the youngest driver in the championship, delivered a consistently competitive series of performances throughout the event to surge from 17th in the points table to 10th - just nine points behind the top eight.Seventh place in the third and final race of round eight marked Shahaan's best finish of the 2012 campaign so far. He also confirmed his front-running pace with the sixth fastest lap of the encounter, a time of 1m28.034 seconds just 0.4 seconds shy of the best of all.\"It's been a fantastic weekend\", said the teenager, \"I learned a lot of race craft, improving my result in each race, but most importantly for me I was consistent and finished all three races. I've gained some good track time at Oschersleben which is what I need as I haven't had much testing in Europe compared to the others.\"Assen in The Netherlands will host the fourth race of the Formula Renault 2.0 Northern European Cup season over the weekend on August 4 and 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kokrajhar (assam)", "code": "15105986", "title": "Assam violence: Toll rises to 19, Rajdhani Express stopped in Kokrajhar", "text": "Kokrajhar (Assam): Two more bodies were recovered on Monday taking the toll to 19 in the violence in Assam's Bodoland Territorial Administered Districts (BTAD), as the Rajdhani Express was stopped by protesters in Kokrajhar district, police said.The bodies were recovered from the banks of river Gouranga on Monday morning, they said.Police personnel fired in the air when the bandh supporters tried to forcibly close down shops in Golokgunj and Gauripur towns in Dhubri district during a 12-hour bandh, called by the All Assam Minority Students' Union(AAMSU) to protest attacks on the minorities in BTAD districts, Superintendent of Police Pradip Saloi said.Bandh supporters also ransacked the office of Bodoland Peoples' Front in Gauripur town.The AAMSU subsequently withdrew the bandh following an appeal by ministers.The Delhi-bound Rajdhani Express was stopped at Pratapkhat between Kokrajhar and Gossaigaon by people from nearby villages who alleged that their houses were damaged by miscreants when they moved to relief camps, IGP(BTAD) S N Singh said.Trains were controlled at different points as a result.An additional nine companies of paramilitary forces were deployed in the district while the army was assisting in maintaining law and order, Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15105857", "title": "Captain Lakshmi Sehgal serves till the very last, donates eyes and body", "text": "LUCKNOW: Legendary freedom fighter Captain Lakshmi Sehgal, who was part of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose's Indian National Army (INA), died on Monday. She breathed her last at 11.20 am. She was admitted to a private hospital on July 19 after a massive heart attack at her residence in Civil Lines area and was kept on life support system. The 97-year-old revolutionary turned social activist served the country all her life. Even after death, as per her will, her eyes and body were donated to medical college. The eyes will give vision to visually challenged and the body will be used for medical studies.Born on October 24, 1914, in Madras Presidency (Chennai), British India, Captain Lakshmi's father Dr S Swaminathan, a lawyer at Madras High Court and mother AV Ammukutty was a social worker. Captain Lakshmi chose to study medicine. She got MBBS degree from Madras Medical College in 1938 and later did diploma in gynaecology and obstetrics.In 1940, she left for Singapore, where she opened a clinic for the poor, most of whom were Indian migrant laborers. In 1942, during World War II, after surrender of Singapore by the British to the Japanese, Captain Lakshmi treated wounded prisoners of war. When Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose arrived in Singapore on July 2, 1943, she joined the INA and was made head of Rani Jhansi regiment, a one of its kind women army unit. She was also made minister women affairs in the Azad Hind government formed by Netaji in exile after declaring war against British.Captain Lakshmi was taken prisoner in Burma after INA's defeat. After independence, Captain Lakshmi married Colonel Prem Kumar Sahgal, who also served in INA, in 1947. The couple settled in Kanpur. Captain Lakshmi continued with her medical practice and aided the refugees who were arriving in large numbers following the partition of India.In 1971, Captain Lakshmi joined the Communist Party of India (Marxist) and was elected for the Rajya Sabha. During the Bangladesh crisis, she organized relief camps and medical aid in Calcutta for refugees who streamed into India from Bangladesh. She was awarded Padma Vibhushan in 1998. In 2002, the Left parties nominated Captain Lakshmi as a candidate in the presidential elections against APJ Abdul Kalam backed by BJP and Congress. Though she lost, she showed her fighting spirit. Captain Lakshmi's daughter Subhashini Ali, is a communist leader.Subhashini Ali said her mother's first love was always her profession. \"Just weeks before falling ill, she used to regularly sit in her clinic to see patients, \" she said, adding that Sehgal would treat everyone who came to her, regardless of whether the patient had money or not.Vice President Hamid Ansari and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh condoled the death of Captain Lakshmi saying that the nation has lost an icon of selfless service. Ansari described her as a noted freedom fighter and tireless campaigner for women's rights and social causes. In his condolence message, prime minister said, \"Nation has lost an icon of liberal values and selfless service.\" UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said that Captain Lakshmi contribution to the country would always be remembered. CPI (M) leader Brinda Karat remembered Captain Lakshmi as a motivated human being who fought injustice wherever she saw it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "15098573", "title": "8k litres of oil seized near Vashi shore", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Four men travelling in a boat near the Vashi-Mankhurd bridge were arrested and over 8,000 litres of oil was seized from them.Fishermen spotted the boat moving suspiciously around 10.30am on Sunday. According to the Vashi police, the accused stole oil from tankers docked at Mumbai and sold it to other operators in the hinterland. Cops have ordered an inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15098679", "title": "Blood donation camp collects 8,000 bags", "text": "PUNE: The blood donation camp held at the Sambhaji Park on Sunday received an overwhelming response.A record 8,000 bags of blood were collected in the camp, held in coordination with 30 blood banks.The camp was organised by the Sarvoday Pratishthan, run by MLC Anil Bhosale and corporator Balasaheb Bodake. The highlight of the event was Bollywood actor Madhuri Dixit , who visited the camp accompanied by her doctor husband Shriram Nene.\"We have been organising the camp for the last four years. This year, it has created a record of sorts,\" said Bhosale, who organised the camp on the birthday of deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar.Elaborating, Ram Bangad, who coordinated the entire management of the blood banks, said, \"This was the most successful voluntary blood donation camp held in Pune so far. Last year, we had collected 7001 bags. This camp broke all previous records of blood collection and raised the bar far too high. This camp has set a new record of blood collection.\"The camp saw crowd turning up from early morning hours till late afternoon. Many were standing in a long serpentine queue, which started from the pedestrian stretch of the Sambhaji Park to the stretch surrounding the Balgandharva auditorium.\"The scheduled time for donating blood was between 7 am and 3 pm. We exhausted the storage capacity by 3 pm and we had to politely refuse donors who were pouring in,\" Bangad said.Almost 90 % of blood donors were students in 18 to 25 years age group. Five physically-challenged people also donated blood. An 18 year old boy who could not donate blood last year as he was underage donated blood this time. \" I lost my both legs in an accident few months ago. I know the importance of blood. That's why I came to donate blood,\" he said.Thirty blood banks, along with 200 volunteers came together to conduct the camp. Besides 10 blood banks in Pune, blood banks from Aurangabad, Solapur, Malegaon, Nashik, Kolhapur, Karad, Ahmednagar, Washim and Akola also participated.\"Blood banks from other cities took away 4500 blood bags. Blood banks in Pune had the remaining 3500 blood bags,\" Bangad said. An arrangement of 450 beds was made. A 8GB pen-drive was given to each donor as a token of gratitude along with a participation certificate.Mahduri Dixit inspires the crowdThe fans went berserk and started shouting when actor Mahduri Dixit turned up the venue at the Sambhaji Park on Sunday, which was jammed-packed with blood donors and fans of the star. \"I'm wife of a doctor and very well understand the importance of blood donation. It's extremely overwhelming to see so many people, especially youths, come forward to do their social duty of donating blood,\" said Madhuri flashing her million dollar smile.The crowd was in for a who had gathered in huge numbers to get a glimpse of dhak-dhak girl got a sweet surprise when she started crooning the song 'Chak dhum fhum...' from the film Dil Toh Pagal Hai. \"Since the song was filmed during rains, I really pray to rain God to shower the rains as we all are eagerly waiting for it,\" popular actor said. She also did not forget to mention that \"since I have many relatives in Pune, in that sense I feel all Puneites are my relatives.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "miriti", "code": "15100417", "title": "Simple village boy with big dreams", "text": "MIRITI: His village remembers him as a quiet, unassuming youngster who was curious about the world and obsessed with ministers. He was not exceptionally brilliant, but had a strong common sense, an urge to explore and an uncanny ability to make colleagues rally around him.When he was just five, Pranab Mukherjee made his elder brother Pijush walk with him from their village Miriti to a political rally at Kirnahar, three miles away. When the siblings arrived, weary and panting, the meeting had started and the minister was on the dais. The little boy stared at the speaker intently, trying to make sense of his words. And then exclaimed: \"He is dressed so ordinarily.\"\"Pranab had not expected a minister to be dressed in a plain dhoti-kurta. He was intrigued by the fact that even the minister's orderlies were wearing fancy robes and turbans. Perhaps that first encounter with a minister made him more curious about them, and subsequently politics,\" said Pijush Mukherjee.While there was little scope to meet ministers in Miriti, he would urge his father Kamada Kinkar Mukherjee - an active Congressman - to get one of them to visit their home. \"It did happen but much later, when Prafulla Sen visited our home. Pranab was in high school then. Sen patted him on his back and told him that he had come to meet him. Pranab believed it and was thrilled,\" recalled his elder brother.But it was his love for the village and his attachment with it that eventually drove him to politics, say those knew him as a youngster. They still recall a tiny, frail boy, clad in a towel, trudging through waist-deep slush and muck to school. The village had no pucca road then and would turn into a lake in monsoon. \"Pranab would carry his school uniform wrapped in banana leaves and would slip into them after wading to school. He never complained,\" said Amar Datta, who taught him at Kirnahar School. Years later, when he became a Union minister, one of the first things he did was to build a road connecting Miriti with Kirnahar. It changed the village.Mukherjee was never an exceptional student. In fact, when he was in junior school, he would often be absent due to poor health. \"But he always managed to do very well in exams. He was not the first boy in class but was always among the top few,\" said Pijush.Mukherjee remained an ordinary village boy, playing football with friends, going on picnics with the family and gustily celebrating the Durga puja (he still presides over the puja at his home). But he dreamt. \"Honestly, there was no hint that he would be the President or even a minister one day. He just kept going like any other member of the family or the village. Even after he joined politics, we didn't imagine that he would make it this big. But he has always been sincere and had great perseverance. He would strive to go deep into everything that he did. It helped him excel,\" said elder sister Annapurna Banerjee.It was not till the early Eighties when he became Union finance minister that the family realized he was perhaps destined for even greater things, she said.Mukherjee's link with Miriti got weaker after he left the village to join college in Suri. He would visit regularly, though. \"He has kept in touch with us for nearly 50 years, though he has seldom spent more than a day here. He has an amazing ability to remember people. He never forgot the village or anyone here,\" said Rabi Chattoraj, a neighbour and long-time associate.Mukherjee also has a big circle of friends in Suri, said Paresh Mondol, who would be a part of his \"gang\". \"We would chat for hours. He was very intelligent and stood out in the group. What impressed us most about him was his focus. He was also very diligent and would make sure that he got to the bottom of every issue. In politics, this is what has carried him to the highest office in the country. He deserved to get there,\" said Mondol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103622", "title": "Prince Harry wants to become a \u2018Top Gun\u2019 trainer", "text": "Prince Harry reportedly wants to live in California and hopes to work as a consultant or \" Top Gun\" style training technician for the Naval Air Facility El Centro .The 27-year-old, who is now a fully qualified co-pilot and gunner on Apache helicopters, had been preparing to return to Afghanistan but security issues have made it difficult for him to be treated like a \"normal soldier.\"The Royal is aware that he is a major terrorist target and due to security considerations, his military career may be short.Yet he wants to utilize the training and combat skills that he has gained.Instructors awarded him the highest honour of \"best front seat pilot\" last year after he successfully completed the US course.A role at El Centro and at Gila Bend Auxiliary Air Force Base in Arizona would have given him the chance to do that in a secure environment.\"Harry cannot go on lengthy tours of duty, he is too much of a target and threat for other soldiers,\" the Daily Express quoted a royal source as saying.\"He is a skilled pilot and gunner and the bases in the US would love to have him as a consultant or instructor. It would make sense too from a protection point of view,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15105778", "title": "Shop owners held for cheating mobile companies", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch registered cases against two shop owners for allegedly issuing mobile sim cards to customers on bogus names. The incident came to light following the arrest of Rajat alias Kunal Ranjit Saha (19) of Tathawade.Saha, who was working as a security guard in a company at Tathawade attempted to extort money from the owner of the company and other officials by making threatening calls. During the sustained interrogation Saha revealed that he had purchased the sim cards from a medical shop in Bopkhel without furnishing any identity proofs.\"When we questioned the shop owner Vishal Shankar Goyal, he revealed that he has not maintained any record of the sim cards issued by him,\" inspector of the anti-extortion cell Sachin Sawant said. Sawant said that the police then contacted the telecom company. The company officials informed the police that the sim card used by Saha was in the name of one woman in Bopkhel.\"When we contacted the woman, she told the police that she was not using the sim card of that particular telecom company,\" Sawant said. The police then registered the case against Goyal and handed him over to the Bhosari police station for further investigations.In another case of extortion attempt registered with the Kothrud police station, the suspect had purchased the sim card from a shop owner without furnishing the document. The police have booked the shop owner Sukhram Meghawal and handed him over the Kothrud police station. The police have appealed to the shop owners that they should sell sim card only after verifying all the necessary documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15099414", "title": "Rita Bahuguna Joshi turns 63, supporters cut cake, pray for her long life", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The 63rd birthday of Uttar Pradesh Congress president, Dr Rita Bahuguna Joshi was celebrated with enthusiasm and fervour by party workers in the city who assembled at Subhash Crossing in Civil Lines on Sunday. Party workers led by PCC member, Vijay Bahadur Singh cut a cake , which was distributed to the passersby and they prayed for the long life of the state party chief.Addressing party workers, Singh said that during her 18 years of political life, Joshi has scaled new heights at regular intervals and discharged her duties assigned with utmost sincerity and devotion. They included national president of All India Women's Congress and thereafter UPCC chief.Stating that the Congress party in the state has marched towards growth in the state under Joshi's leadership, UPCC spokesperson, Jawed Urfi said that for ordinary party workers Joshi is a role model whom they want to emulate in political life.Likewise senior Congress leader, Abhay Awasthi and PCC member, Kishore Varshney also recalled the contribution of state Congress chief towards the party during her 18 years of political life and expressed their best wishes on her 63rd birthday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "giridih(jharkhand)", "code": "15105432", "title": "Maoists attack under-construction police lines in Jharkhand, kill two", "text": "Giridih(Jharkhand): Scared of the upcoming police lines on the outskirts of Giridih town, the Maoists attacked it in the wee hours on Monday, killing two labourers and damaging buildings.The roof of an under-construction building caved in when the Maoists exploded bombs at the police lines, killing two labourers, superintendent of police A V Homkar told reporters here.While one died on the spot, another succumbed to his injuries on way to hospital, he said, adding that an unexploded IED weighing 30 kg was recovered and defused.However, an executive engineer with the Central Public Works Department, Alok Srivastav, said that the damage to a couple of buildings was repairable.The Maoists were scared of the construction of the Rs 30-crore police line spread over 72 acres on the outskirts as their movement would be restricted, a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103728", "title": "Looking after elders makes workers fear losing job", "text": "One person in seven fears that they will get the sack for staying at home to care for their elderly relatives, a new study has revealed.According to a study by Engage Mutual Assurance, around 14 per cent of 40-65-year-olds believe that employers regard taking off such time as absenteeism.The lack of employer flexibility comes despite rising numbers of the middle-aged having to care for ageing parents.Nearly a quarter of the 1,000 surveyed said they provided elderly parents with daily support.The poll also found when people have only one parent the probability of them having to do odd jobs in the garden and about the home rises by more than 50 per cent.Engage Mutual director Karl Elliot claimed that if employers were as accepting of the need for people to take time off to care for their elderly parents as they are of child care it would ease the stress on careers.He said the fear of getting fired was placing careers under unnecessary strain.Only 21 per cent of people believe employers would be supportive of caring roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15099476", "title": "Mysore Zoo loses a white tigress to cancer", "text": "MYSORE: A tigress, which was diagnosed with cancer last week, died at the Mysore Zoo on Sunday night.Reetha, who was 17 years old, was diagnosed with cancer on July 14 and the zoo authorities were planning surgical intervention. But she died around 8.30 pm, sources said.Reetha had stopped taking food two days ago. The zoo was apprehensive that surgery could prove disastrous. The cancer had affected the mammary glands on her left. The tigress was born on September 23, 1993, to Darshan and Priyadarshini at the conservation centre. She was among the two white tigress' in the Zoo. With her death the number of tigers in the zoo has come down to nine, including two cubs. The life expectancy of tigers is 12 years in the wild, but in captivity they can live up to years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103788", "title": "Short-term intestinal worms may curb diabetes", "text": "Researchers including one of Indian origin have found that short-term infection with intestinal worms may provide long-term protection against type I diabetes (TID), a new study has suggested.The incidence of TID\u2014a form of the disease in which the body's own immune cells attack the insulin-producing islet cells of the pancreas\u2014is relatively low in developing countries.One explanation for this phenomenon is the prevalence of chronic intestinal worm infections, which dampen the self-aggressive T cells that cause diabetes and other autoimmune diseases.Understanding how T cells are tamed during worm infection could lead to new strategies to control these inflammatory diseases.William Gause and his colleagues at the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey-New Jersey Medical School, including Pankaj Mishra and David Bleich, now shows that a two-week infection with the intestinal worm H. polygyrus (cured using oral drugs) prompted T cells to produce the cytokines interleukin (IL)-4 and IL-10, which acted independently to provide lasting protection against TID in mice.A similar approach using eggs from another parasitic worm, Trichuris suis, is currently being tested in clinical trials in patients with Crohn's disease and multiple sclerosis.The studies presented in this paper now provide potential mechanisms explaining the potency of parasite-induced control of inflammatory diseases.The study has been published in the journal Mucosal Immunology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103326", "title": "I admire the culture of Allahabad: Mahima Chaudhary", "text": "Actress Mahima Chaudhary may not be doing any movie these days but she surely knows how to remain in limelight. The Pardes actress who has been quite regular at NGO functions, was in the Sangam city to attend a function and chose to speak her heart out.\"This is my second visit and I have always admired the culture and the warmth of the people here,\" claimed the actress who paid short visits to some private stores to choose winner of a recently held competition in front of the thousands of people gathered to get a glimpse of the actress.Although, the actress refused to talk to media, on being asked about the upcoming Bollywood projects, she clarified that she is not doing any project as of now. \"I am not doing any movie right now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15105530", "title": "Shatrughan Sinha to stay in hospital for few days", "text": "Veteran actor and BJP leader Shatrughan Sinha who underwent bypass surgery last week is doing well but will continue to stay in hospital for few days.The 66-year-old actor-turned-politician had been admitted to Kokilaben Hospital in suburban Andheri on July 2 after he complained of breathlessness following some paint work at his residence.Later, blockages were discovered in the coronary arteries and based on medical advice Sinha underwent a bypass surgery on July 18. He is out of ICU now.\"He is doing well and should be going home in a few days,\" Kokilaben hospital COO Dr Ram Narain told PTI.Sinha made his Bollywood debut in 1969 with 'Sajan' and has acted in over 200 Hindi films, besides some Bengali and Punjabi movies.Known for his powerful dialogues, some of his famous Hindi films include 'Kalicharan', 'Vishwanath', 'Blackmail', 'Dostana', 'Shaan' and 'Kala Patthar'.Later, he ventured into politics and is currently BJP's Lok Sabha member from Patna Sahib in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "15099753", "title": "A new craze sends daredevils up the wall", "text": "DAVANAGERE: Artificial wall climbing is the rage in Davanagere. Karnataka has three officially established training centers in Davanagere, Bangalore and Mysore.The 58 feet high artificial wall in the city was built and inaugurated on February 11, 2002. But it is only in recent years that the trend has caught up, says D Santhosh, an instructor. This sport comes under the jurisdiction of General Thimmaiah National Adventure Academy, Bangalore, a part of sports and youth services, Karnataka government.Santhosh is at the stadium at the crack of dawn every day, from 6am to 8.30am and again from 5pm to 6.30 pm. He has 110 persons, including 10 girls, training under him. But only 20 are being regularly trained. Punith, a Class VII student from Basaveshwara School, Anil S M and John of Mothi Veerappa High School, Laxmi H M, a I year BBM student from J H Patel College for Business Studies, Arjun, a I PUC student are his regular students. He also has a senior doctor training under him. There is no entry fee or registration fee. All the equipment including harness, rope, screw gates, carry mats, holds, shoes are provided during the training.Speed climbers, lead climbers, and boarding are the three types of competitions normally held.The competitions are held in three grades, based on the age: Sub-juniors cadre: 6 to 13 years; juniors cadre: 13- 18 years; seniors: over 18 years.A state-level artificial wall climbing competition is being planned in Davanagere on August 13 and 14.Santhosh says that the training comes handy for military, police and fire force personnel. Training in wall climbing gives one an edge during mountaineering and trekking, he feels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15099760", "title": "Expansion at Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd reaches another level", "text": "MANGALORE: The phase III refinery expansion and upgradation project of Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd achieved a another milestone, when the feed in to hydrogen generation unit of Phase III was accomplished in the presence of GC Chaturvedi, secretary, Union ministry of petroleum and natural gas. Sudhir Vasudeva, CMD, ONGC, and chairman, MRPL, PP Upadhya, MD and Vishnu Agarwal, director (finance) were present.Chaturvedhi, who was on his maiden visit to MRPL, highlighted the challenges faced by standalone refineries like MRPL. He appreciated MRPL team for its efforts in executing the the phase III project.Further, he advised it to commission all units in a phased manner at the earliest. Sudhir Vasudeva too congratulated MRPL team for the achievement of this milestone and spelt the future growth plans of MRPL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15100759", "title": "Vinod Shah re-elected district cricket panel chief, Sameer Rakte secy", "text": "NASHIK: The triennial elections that have always create a storm and stirred the sports field in the city, for a change saw no drama this time around, as no panel has dared field candidates against the Nashik District Cricket Association's (NDCA) existing managing committee led by Vinod Shah.Shah has been declared elected unopposed for the post of chairman along with selectors Ramesh Vaidya, Deepak Kelkar and Shekhar Gawali.Sameer Rakte, who served as treasurer for two terms, has been elevated to secretary in place of Ratan Kuite, who opted out of the race to devote time to administrative work. Hemant Deshpande, a managing committee member, was promoted to treasurer. Yogesh Hiray and Baba Shetty, joint secretaries in the erstwhile committee, have retained their posts.Elections to the 10-member managing committee have become unavoidable as 12 members have shown interest in contesting on July 28 at the Tupsakhare Lawns.This is the fourth term for Vinod Shah, whose \"solid and fundamental work\" in the last nine years, has made Nashik a strong cricket force in the Maharashtra Cricket Association. \"We made the NDCA very strong infrastructure and financial-wise. Our juniors are performing exceedingly well in state and national cricket,\" Shah said, and added, \"In a couple of years, you will find more youngsters coming up and one or two players vying for a place in the state Ranji team.\"The committee once again expressed faith in the selection committee triumvirate of Ramesh Vaidya, Deepak Kelkar and Shekhar Gawali, by asking them to continue for a further three years. \"We are happy for the continued support by members and the committee. Junior cricket in Nashik is on a strong footing and we are committed to unearthing new talent and giving maximum exposure to them,\" said Vaidya.Rakte and Deshpande expressed gratitude to the members and chairman and said they would help make NDCA stronger and bigger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15099267", "title": "Women from Muzaffarnagar villages burn jeans and tops", "text": "LUCKNOW: Hundreds of girls from Dudaherdi village and its adjoining areas in Muzaffarnagar burnt heaps of jeans and tops that they had collected from local girls as a symbol of their resolve not to wear the outfits which are not traditionally Indian and which, they believe, add to the possibilities of girls being subjected to eve-teasing, molestation and rape.The event marked the opening of another all-women panchayat held by Dudaherdi village with participation from Moghpur, Mansoorpur and another half a dozen adjoining villages in the district. Held a day after the mahapanchayat in Aasara village of Baghpat, the all-women gathering in Muzaffarnagar approved the mahapanchayat decisions and outlined the importance of the code of conduct for women.Bharatiya Kisan Union (BKU) leader Sohanviri, who has been mobilizing support for boycott of jeans and cellphones, by young women and is seen as the brains behind the tirade, once again appealed to the womenfolk to adhere the resolve which was, according to her, in the interest of women of the particular social environment they live in. The gathering expressed surprise over \"the manner in which certain sections of the media were virtually determined to see the women dressed shabbily and in western attires for reasons best known to them\".Referring to a series of talk shows on news channels about the whole issue, Sunita, a resident of Mansoorpur village who attended the function, said: \"We have never ever gone out and told anyone to wear shalwar kurtas. It is their choice and so let them wear what they want to. I am surprised how people have got together to object to the decision that we had taken. How can they? Why can't they mind their own business, like we do ours.\"Sohanviori, who too had participated in a couple of these shows said: \"Jeans and tops are not traditional Indian clothing. There (western countries) they don't wear sarees and shalwar kurtas, but we copy them merely because of this sense of being inferior to them is so deep-rooted in our minds. How can someone's attire define if he or she is from a progressive society or not?\" she questioned as the gathering answered her questions with thunderous applause.Last week, a panchyat in Asara village of Baghpat announced some restrictions for women below 40 years which included the use of mobile phones and venturing out alone. While there was an outcry over the announcements, the mahpanchayat of 360 villages endorsed them. Meanwhile, some all-women panchayats from western UP also came out in support of the code of conduct for women and announced that women will burn jeans, tops and other un-Indian outfits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15098726", "title": "3 women duped in the name of housing scheme", "text": "NAGPUR: Three women, seemingly from weak economic background, were tricked by a con man who pretended to help the victims get benefits of Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT's) housing scheme meant for poorer sections of the society. The women were duped to the tune of Rs 2.70 lakh.Police said accused Sunil Chapke frequented the tea stall near Variety Square, owned by the Pandey family. He was learnt to have earned the trust of tea stall owner Sneha Pandey during his visit by claiming that his uncle was an officer in NIT who can help get housing scheme benefits. Promising Sneha and her two acquaintances of providing benefits, Chapke asked them to deposit certain amount in his account at the Munje Chowk branch of Bank of Maharashtra . This way, police said, Chapke ensured that he got nearly Rs 2.70 lakh from the three women in his bank account between March and July.Sitabuldi police have registered an offence of cheating after the Pandeys approached the cops. No arrests have been made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "15099055", "title": "Stolen mobile phone recovered using technology", "text": "AKOLA: Vaibhav (20), son of police department employee Sanjay Charpe, was robbed of his mobile by two youths hailing from Nanded while he was returning home on July 6. During investigation, railway police managed to get clues about the two thieves by tracing the stolen mobile phone. The cops arrested Piraji Menthkan (24) and Lakhan Waghmare (22), residents of Chinkhalwadi, Nanded, Marathwada, on Saturday. Both of them were remanded to police custody for two days. The railway police also recovered the stolen mobile from the thieves.Interestingly, after the complaint, the cops had refused to take complaint and were disputing the jurisdiction of the police station. However, railway police took the initiative and solved the crime with two arrests.In-laws booked for murder, cruelty in woman's deathOffences of murder, cruelty against women and criminal intimidation were registered against the in-laws after they caused grievous injuries to one Shakuntala Tiwale on Saturday. Those booked include her husband Narayan Tiwale, his father Sitaram Tiwale and mother Nanda Tiwale. Shakuntala received 91% burn injuries on July 17 at Ashtul village. Her dying declaration was taken on Saturday. She stated that her in-laws had set her afire. Further investigation is on. No arrest has been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15099599", "title": "Medical store at airport soon", "text": "PATNA: The Jayaprakash Narayan International Airport here will have a medical store on its premises.The airport has a clinic for passengers but it has no medical store for providing necessary medicines. An airport official said a few months back a passenger had forgot to bring his medicines which he used to take every day. He could not find them at the airport clinic. This happens every other day at the airport. So, it was decided to open a medical store at the airport, he said.Arvind Dubey, director, JPNI airport said, \"According to the Bihar's economic survey 2011-2012, Patna airport has emerged No. 1 among 46 airports in the country in terms of the number of domestic passengers. We always try to provide the passengers the maximum comfort within our available resources.\"He said the growth in traffic at Patna airport was unprecedented despite the fact that the Airports Authority of India has declared it dangerous due to its short runway.Earlier, a team of doctors from the Jagdish Memorial Hospital used to treat the travelling patients at the airport. In emergency, they called an ambulance and shifted the patient to the hospital. \"Two doctors and a ward boy are always available at the existing clinic. But the clinic cannot keep all the medicines like a medical store. So, if all goes well, the new medical store will be opened in August,\" Dubey said. Magadh Hospital used to handle the patients at the airport clinic before Jagdish Memorial Hospital was assigned the job.The economic survey revealed that the number of domestic passengers at Patna airport jumped from 1.76 lakh in 2004-05 to 8.38 lakh in 2010-11. Till August last year, the movement of approximately 7.7 lakh passengers was recorded.According to the Airports Authority of India figures, Patna airport handled 5,52,542 domestic passengers in 2009-10, 60.4% more than the corresponding figure of 3,44,446 for 2008-09, which was the highest in the country. Amritsar airport with a domestic passenger growth rate of 51.8% during the same period was second followed by Dibrugarh with a corresponding figure of 47.4% growth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi/kochi", "code": "15099271", "title": "CPM rebel\u2019s murder: VS gets away with mild rap", "text": "NEW DELHI/KOCHI: Former Kerala chief minister V S Achuthanandan, who annoyed the dominant party faction in the state by his public comments, has got away with a rap. The party's central committee on Sunday decided to publicly censure Achuthanandan but rejected his rivals' demand for stronger punishment for the veteran who had criticized Kerala unit's response to the killing of a rebel allegedly by party supporters.The outcome followed a warning by Achuthanandan that he would be forced to quit the party if the leadership did not rein in \"anti-communist\" activities of the state unit controlled by his rival Pinarayi Vijayan.At the end of the two-day meeting of the central committee, CPM's top decision-making body, the party said Achuthanandan was publicly censured for \"wrong remarks and violation of party norms\". Speaking to reporters, CPM general secretary Prakash Karat said, \"It's not a happy thing.\" The party also said, \"VS self-critically told the committee that his remarks and actions were incorrect and could have been avoided.\"The stricture may upset Kerala's senior-most CPM, but pales in comparison to Vijayan's demand for his expulsion from the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15099392", "title": "Museum puts up sports exhibits to encourage athletes before Olympics", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Ahead of the 2012 London Olympics, the Allahabad Museum has decided to exhibit medals, trophies, certificates and other paraphernalia of Arjuna awardee and former Olympian Abhinn Shyam Gupta. The Museum has also displayed the mementoes and medals of Dronacharya awardee and national gymnastics coach D K Rathore. Museum director Rajesh Purohit said that the reason for this display was to boost the motivation and spirit of Indian athletes who are going to compete in the London Olympic Games.The exhibition will be inaugurated on July 26 on the eve of the Olympic Games. The inauguration of the exhibition will be followed by a discussion. Exhibition will be convened by OA Wankhede, assistant keeper (exhibitions), while Pradeep Kumar Srivastava of the photography section will coordinate. The exhibition will be open to the public from July 27.Meanwhile, on the eve of the birth anniversary of the freedom fighter Chandrasekhar Azad, a seminar was organised on Sunday in the Allahabad Museum. Professor Amar Singh , ex-HOD of the department of English, AU delivered the keynote address on the occasion. Prof Singh said Chandrasekhar Azad was a true fighter. His devotion to the cause of freedom and love for youth of the country is unparallel and should be a source of inspiration for all. On this occasion, director of the museum, Rajesh Purohit said that the story of Chandrasekhar Azad should motivate the youngsters. Dr Gupta said that the Azad united revolution of India from West Bengal to Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104870", "title": "'Dark Knight Rises' earns $162m on opening weekend", "text": "Despite the mass shooting at a Colorado movie theatre during a midnight screening, 'The Dark Knight Rises' took in about 162 million dollars in North America.According to the New York Times, Warner Bros. announced that it would hold off reporting the film's opening grosses until Monday, but the information was leaked to several media outlets.\"Out of respect for the victims and their families,\" ABC News quoted the studio as saying in a statement.\"Warner Bros. Pictures will not be reporting box office numbers for 'The Dark Knight Rises' throughout the weekend. Box office numbers will be released on Monday,\" it said.This is an unprecedented move because the practice of releasing box office numbers for an opening weekend is standard for Warner Bros. and most major Hollywood studios.Despite the tragedy, movie industry watchers said the film is likely to do well at the box office over the weekend.Much of the weekend has been pre-sold. The movie made 30 million dollars in presale tickets and shows in many cities are sold out through Sunday.Some box-office analysts previously believed the final instalment of director Christopher Nolan's trilogy could top the record-breaking, 207.4-million-dollar debut of 'The Avengers'.'The Dark Knight', the second movie in Nolan's 'Batman' trilogy, made 158 million dollars during its 2008 opening weekend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15098697", "title": "Team Anna gives call to fast", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Team Anna set to go on a hunger strike from Wednesday, a car and bike rally was organized in the city on Sunday to call out to supporters to join them in Jantar Mantar.The rally, led by Arvind Kejriwal, Manish Sisodia and Gopal Rai \u2014 expected to sit on the fast, saw hundreds of supporters converging at Jantar Mantar on Sunday evening. The rally had started from different points in the city, and then headed to Jantar Mantar from Rajghat.Cries of \"July 25 ko Jantar Mantar\" filled the air as supporters rode around 1,000 vehicles to the protest venue. While supporters sported white T-shirts saying 'Being Anna' and 'I am against corruption. What about you?' families and students from far-flung corners of Rohini, Bawana, Mehrauli, Peeragarhi, Uttam Nagar, Azadpur and Dilshad Garden took part in the rally.Other key members, including Shanti Bhushan, Prashant Bhushan, Kumar Vishwas, Sanjay Singh, Arvind Gaur and Sunita Godara, were also present at the protest. Anna Hazare is expected to come to Delhi to support the movement, but will not sit on fast due to health restrictions.\"We want a committee to be set up to probe the charges of corruption against 15 ministers, including the just-elected President Pranab Mukherjee and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. We don't want CBI to probe the matter as it is a government agency,\" Kejriwal told the crowd.\"I have been summoned to a court in Bulandshahr on Thursday for saying that in our Parliament, there are 162 MPs against whom serious allegations like murder and kidnapping are there. If that is against the nation, let them punish me,\" he said.He also urged supporters to show their support on a special-page created on Facebook for the protest movement from July 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15099723", "title": "Momo: a street food star is born", "text": "It originated in the Han province of China, the word meaning 'steamed bun', and now it's selling quicker than hot cakes on the highways and byways of Patna. The momo is the hot new fast-food choice of Biharipolis, and it's not uncommon to see a bevy of 17-year-olds in the bustling Maurya Complex wolfing down the steaming hot meat-filled dough-balls with all the determination of ghouls from the Twilight zone.Food court or food cart, the momo is the hot new number on display. It now vies with that classic Bihari favourite, the 'khasta litti', on the 'food cart' outside the Patna Women's College. It is proudly served in 'authentic' style with a chef's twist at the Ghar Angan Resort.It's been a long trek for that humble steamed dumpling that is a staple in the hills of Darjeeling, Nepal and Tibet, considering the fact that you would hardly see it around the town a decade ago.It was in 1998 that a small eatery in the Darjeeling style opened up in the lane opposite A N College. Ming's Chimney, started by a retired UNICEF driver and his son Robert Wadforth, catered to the taste buds of the Patliputra Colony folk, and its USP was 'authentic Tibetan food'. The menu featured the chicken and the vegetable momos, served with hot clear soup and a generous helping of fiery 'khorsani' sauce.The momo explosion took place a decade later, imported via Delhi. \"I would say that hundreds of Bihari students, including me, were lured by the momo carts on the JNU campus,\" says Beauty Yadav, a lecturer at a local college, who has sampled the various varieties on offer all over Patna. Her favourites are the chicken momos at Yo China! where they are served in their own steaming basket.For the 'bad boys' of Kurji-Patliputra, the momo carts outside the P&M; Mall serve the most delicious and affordable treats. \"The vegetable momos are for Rs 30 a plate and the chicken ones for Rs 40. For a hundred bucks we can have a nice treat, and the chutney made with tomatoes and chilli is great,\" says 17-year-old Prem.Shruti, a student of J D Women's College, doesn't eat much 'street food', but prefers to indulge her obsession at the food court inside P&M; Mall. \"When my uncle was posted in Darjeeling for a year, he fell in love with the momo. He actually learned to cook momos. Fried momos are the family favourite,\" she says.\"I have counted 15 roadside momo vendors from the Dak Bungalow crossing till Digha, running through Boring Road. I have come across 'Tibet Momo', 'Darjeeling Momo', 'Rajesh Momo Stall', 'Chines Momo' and 'New Darjling Momo'.These roadside vendors are cheap, and the asking price is between Rs 30 and Rs 50, cheaper than the rates in the smaller restaurants,\" Anjani Dhar, a local lensman, says, adding his momo obsession started in Delhi's North campus five years ago.It is on the street, rather than in the air-conditioned restaurant, where the momo has begun to take on a unique Bihari flavour, with a hint of local spices in the mix.In the month of Sawan, there are a few stalls which have switched to 'veg momos without onions', and the chilli sauces have become more creative with the addition of coriander and mint.In the wet season, a steaming plate of momos may be just the thing to brighten up grey day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15100595", "title": "650 litres of illicit liqour seized", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The excise officials seized 650 litres of illicit liquor that was being taken in a car at near Poojapura here on Sunday.The spirit was stored in 19 small cans hidden under a black cloth. The officials recovered the cans from the back seat and from the boot of the car.The car was spotted at Pallichal on Sunday morning. Following a tip-off, when the officials tried to stop the car, driver sped away without stopping. The team of officials led by excise inspector S Sudhir chased the car down near the Kundamankadavu bridge. However the driver escaped leaving the car behind.According to the officials the seized spirit costs around Rs 4 lakhs. The car that was caught was found to be using a fake number plate. The officials later found that it has a Kottayam registration.The officials said that the search for the driver is already on.Assistant excise inspector Jayakumar, preventive officer Madhu, excise guards Harikrishnan and Venu were also part of the excise team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15100851", "title": "Career Information &amp; Guidance", "text": "Nose for newsI want to become a journalist. Which course should I pursue immediately after I complete my class XII this year? Could you guide me on the college and courses in journalism that I could opt for later?Tushar GillWhile you can pursue a Bachelor's in journalism/mass communication and several universities do offer them, it is certainly not the only route to a career in journalism. In fact, your graduation can be in any stream - science /commerce/humanities - and you can still make a career in journalism as long as you have good written communication skills and some of the personal attributes required to be a journalist - nose for news, work well under pressure, unfazed by deadlines, aggressive, don't give up easily, inquisitive and curious about things. While doing your graduation, try and intern with a local newspaper, or even a magazine; write for your college magazine; set-up a blog; and also submit articles to publications. After completing your graduation, join a PG course in journalism/mass communication where you will learn the basics and the 'rules' and techniques in different types of journalism.Unravel DNAI am a student of class XII. I have taken physics, chemistry, math and biology because I love all of them. I have heard of a field called biophysics. Could you tell me more about this area?Ritesh AhujaBiophysics applies the principles of mathematics, chemistry, biology and physics to the study of living cells and organisms including structures and fine structures, bioelectric phenomena, radiation effects, molecular behaviour, photosynthesis, membranes and modelling.Breakthroughs in unravelling the DNA have made it possible to study the inner workings of biological systems with unprecedented precision to investigate how the brain processes and stores information , how the heart pumps blood, how muscles contract , etc.The goal of modern research in drug discovery is to develop drugs that act in a specific way with minimal side effects while being demonstrably better than the existing therapies. Conventional approaches of drug discovery end up being a long and expensive process. Hundreds of thousands of samples need to be screened before reaching some potential compounds with desired properties. Not just that, it ends up taking dozens of years and millions of dollars . However, with the advances in protein structure determination, structure-based drug design has emerged as a powerful and swifter tool to develop new drugs with specific properties and minimal side effects. In structure based drug design, the three-dimensional structure of a drug target interacting with small molecules is used for drug discovery.Biophysicists work in universities, industry, medical centres, research institutes and government.The applications of biophysics are quite significant in biochemistry, nanotechnology, bioengineering and systems biology but its range of research is vast and includes topics such as structural biology or enzyme kinetics etc.Like any other field of research, be prepared for extended study-a PhD and perhaps even post-doctoral research to make a headway in this field.MSc biophysics is offered at Panjab University, Chandigarh, All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi, University of Mumbai, University of Madras among others.The department of biophysics, at AIIMS is a centre of drug discovery and clinical proteomics, which seamlessly combines structural biology, bioinformatics and proteomics. Eligibility: BSc (H) with minimum 60% aggregate. Selection is on the basis of an entrance exam (90 minutes with 90 objective-type questions).Get your doubts cleared, post your query on the Counsellor Forum on www.myeducationtimes.comPervin Malhotra Director, CARING Career Information &amp; Guidance, New Delhi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15100496", "title": "Two more held in auto molest case", "text": "KOLKATA: Two more persons were have been arrested in connection with the molestation and assault of a woman by an auto driver on Thursday evening at Bhawanipore in south Kolkata. Police said that Parul Mondal, a middle-aged woman and a resident of Pyarabagan slum, and another auto driver Chanchal Nayek came to the police station on Saturday and surrendered before the police on Saturday. The duo was accompanied by an advocate. came to the police station along with Chanchal Nayek, another local auto driver.They were immediately arrested by police and several charges slapped on them. The duo has been booked under the same sections as prime accused Bikash Shah, said police. Later, they were produced in Alipore court and the acting judicial magistrate Mintu Mallick granted them bail against Rs 500 bonds. Duo came with an advocate and surrendered before the police. Soon after surrender, duo were arrested and tagged with the case registered against the prime accused Bikash Shah and were produced before Alipore court.The acting chief Judicial magistrate Mintu Mullick granted bail in Rs 500 bail bond.Police added said that duo wasn't named in the FIR lodged by the woman. The victim had identified the two as Shah's aides after seeing the television footages. Based on her statement, police had tagged them as accused. identified as the aides of Shah from television footage and according to her statement, police tagged duo as accused.It may be recalled that the woman and her husband were travelling along Sarat Bose Road on Thursday when an auto brushed past their car. A wheel of the car was damaged and when the woman protested, instead of being apologetic, Shah retorted with a flurry of invectives. This lead to the heated altercation between the couple and the auto driver. Meanwhile, several other auto drivers who had gathered at the spot, started beating up the husband. The woman, on the other hand, was forced into an auto by Parul and Shah and taken to Pyarabagan slum. There she was molested and assaulted by a group of slum dwellers. where she was assaulted and molested. Meanwhile, her husband was roughed up by a group of auto drivers at the Sarat Bose Road and Chakraberia Road crossing. On Thursday the victim woman was travelling in a car along with her husband. An auto reportedly rammed into their car near Sarat Bose Road and Chakraberia Road crossing. A wheel of the car was damaged due to the collision and the victim woman got down from the car. She protested against the rash driving of the auto driver what led towards a hot altercation.The victim alleged that soon the auto driver turned violent and dragged her into the auto. Some other auto drivers by then gathered near the spot and started beating her husband. The accused auto driver then forcibly took her into the nearby slum in the vehicle and a crowd of auto drivers and some women assaulted her there.The victim and her husband, later, lodged a complaint with Bhawanipore police stating the number of the auto. and could provide the number of the auto.Though police registered an FIR, the charges slapped on Shah were was charged under all bailable. No sooner did the accused surrender before court, he was granted bail on a bail bond of Rs 600. section and the prime accused gt bail agter he surrendered before the court. Similarly these two other accused was also granted bail.Legal experts, however, believe that police had enough scope to book the accused under more stringent sections considering the gravity of the case. Instead, police ignored theBut police ignored the importance of the matter and initiated a case under some and just started the case under some bailable sections, paving way for accused's bail.Police could not reply why they could not round up the accused even after three days of the incident. Because they had television footage of the accused. The role of police raised question in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15102493", "title": "Tarli Digital presents Digitaal", "text": "Through a meticulous work ethic and music cultivated over a decade Tarli Digital has forged his name as one of the most sought after producers around. Primarily down to his crisp, always innovative sound that he maintains and brings to the table each and every time.Inventively titled DigiTaal and presented by Organised Rhyme, Tarli Digital's brand new, 4th studio album packs 11 immersive tracks that when put side by side, react in a way that stir the senses and make for an eclectic listening experience. Expect persuasive percussion, svelte string pieces and heady rhythms led by catchy compositions, which are countered delicately by vivid lyrical content and an inspired presence of mind to make DigiTaal a remarkably well-rounded album accommodating for many an ear.Never shy to expanding his horizons, DigiTaal once more sees an assortment of vocal talents handpicked by the Midlands-based producer that go against the usual grain with the imperious Balwinder Safri, Angrej Ali, The Dhol Foundation and Bollwood supremo Rahat Fateh Ali Khan being joined by burgeoning talents Nishawn Bhullar, Des-C and Aman Sandhu as well as a couple of relatively unknown yet genuinely exciting entities in the form of Balraj Bilga and Rozer Sandhu.No Tarli Digital album would be complete without an appearance from long-time collaborator Dalvinder Singh. DigiTaal proves no different with the pair joining forces on not one but three very different songs that further validate the inherent chemistry the two share. The three tracks, 'Mittran De Naa Karde', 'Saun Mahina' and 'Gal Sunja' demonstrate a capacity for dexterity in both artists' craft.DigiTaal embodies all that is good about Tarli Digital; a producer with his finger on the pulse capable of floor-fillers yet also having the wherewithal to shape something that is refined and will appeal to the discerning consumer. With every release to date Tarli Digital has continually striven to put his ever-expanding repertoire to the test and thus, in turn, the latest project lines up as his most mature and compelling yet. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "15100753", "title": "Say no to ragging", "text": "DELHI: A phone call could make life a lot easier for freshers in Delhi University this year. Those afraid of calling the authorities for help against harassment can now seek help from students themselves. Apart from the antiragging squads constituted by the university authorities, Delhi University Student's Union (DUSU) has decided to launch a helpline for freshers in distress.The students' union members have a welcome plan in place for freshers. Student leaders will visit each college and greet the freshmen with flowers and chocolates.\"We thought of greeting the freshers personally to make them feel comfortable and confident on their first day in college. We already have anti-ragging squads represented by students and we will come up with a helpline as well. Contacts of all DUSU members will be displayed on the college notice boards, which freshers can call in case they need help,\" says Vikas Choudhary, vice-president , DUSU.According to Usha Rao, proctor, DU, the uni versity has a zero-tolerance policy against ragging. All colleges including those out-ofcampus have a policy against ragging and a sexual harassment cell in place.\"This year, to make the antragging mechanism more robust , we are coming up with a new booklet, which will have all women helpline numbers. The booklet will also contain details as to how to avert an incident of ragging or sexual harassment and where to call for immediate help,\" says Rao.The university will have anti-ragging posters and warnings to be put up by each college as well as on the democracy wall on both North and South campus. Police officials in plain clothes will be deployed around the Vishwavidyalaya metro station, where there have been issues of eve teasing in the past.\"We had a couple of meetings with police officials of all the regions and provosts of all hostels to make on-campus , and in particular, off-campus colleges safe for students. We have worked out a concrete anti-ragging policy with the university officials and college representatives to avoid even a single incident this year. Also, we will make sure students from the Northeast do not have to face any such problems,\" adds Rao.Most colleges have a CCTV surveillance mechanism in place and the staff and hostel authorities have been alerted in advance. In fact, Hindu College has increased its CCTV surveillance by installing 16 more cameras in and around the main location to ensure greater security.\"We decided to install more cameras in order to avoid any incident of ragging. We have also involved the senior students in this process of keeping a check on any such instances in the college,\" says Pradumn Kumar, principal, Hindu College.GS Sodhi, senior faculty, SGTB Khalsa College says, \"Though our college has never had problems of ragging, we have made the faculty members alert on the issue . The college has an anti-ragging committee and we encourage freshers to report to it in case of a problem.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "15098843", "title": "Bhandara collector stresses on human development", "text": "BHANDARA: Measures will be taken to raise the human development index (HDI) as well as per capita income of citizens in the district, which at present is the lowest in the state, said collector Sachhindra Pratap Singh, addressing mediapersons in his office on Saturday.Though paddy has been the main crop in Bhandara, horticulture, floriculture and dairy farming will be promoted so that farmers can benefit financially. This will also result in increase in HDI and GDP of the district, said Singh.Singh assumed charge of the collector of Bhandara on Friday from outgoing collector Pradeep Kalbhor, who has been transferred to Gondia as collector. and he was holding additional charge of Bhandara district collector.Singh said that relying on single crop of paddy won't economically uplift the common people, underlining that ample water, fertile land and human resources are the key to affluence. Horticulture, floriculture and dairy farming will be the main thrust of his activity, he said.Though Bawanthadi inter-state irrigation project has been completed and canals are ready, the awards of acquired land have not been cleared. Same is the case with Karachkheda lift irrigation scheme. Singh assured that he would look into the matter personally and would try to resolve the vexed issues. About Gosikhurd irrigation project which is completed, but farmers of the command area are not getting water, he said that rehabilitation of villages in Nagpur district has been the main hurdle. He said that he would take up matter with his counterpart in Nagpur.Health, education are the segments where more attention and monitoring is needed. Funds are also being pumped into the district from corporate social responsibility funds from heavy industries of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15098254", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation yet to wake up to bio meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: The prestigious XI Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity is just two months away from kick-off, but the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) is yet to get its act together. The result: crucial work required to provide the much-needed facelift to Hyderabad before it rolls out the red carpet for over 8,000 delegates, including several heads of state, from 194 nations, is way behind schedule.This despite chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy fixing May end as the deadline for GHMC to complete the tender process and finalize contractors to execute the works. Also, though a list of key civic repair and beautification works was proposed a few months ago, only 20% of the work has been completed so far thanks to GHMC's inability to wind up even the tender process. \"The only works that have begun are art works and murals on flyovers like Telugu Thalli flyover and greenery works under flyovers,\" said a senior GHMC official.As part of the COP-11 preparation, GHMC had decided to re-carpet arterial roads leading from the airport as well as major hotels and tourist spots to the venue - HICC - totalling over 100 kms, in addition to correcting dividers, repairing broken central medians and pavements by replacing tiles as well as improving storm water drainage systems along the identified stretches on top priority.While poor response from contractors has held up some drain improvement and road work tenders, especially those costing between Rs 50 lakh to Rs 1 crore, the task of erecting signages on 17 roads and key locations is expected to be delayed as one of the firms that lost out on a tender has challenged GHMC's decision in the AP high court. And while the proposed revival of 25 defunct fountains at key locations is yet to be started, the basic work of removing hanging cables and electricity wires, old signages, flexies, ad boards and posters, which make the roads look ugly and pose a threat to the motorists, has begun half-heartedly in a few locations.The ongoing monsoons are expected to be another major dampner to GHMC even if it does wake up at the last minute because certain jobs like re-carpeting, painting as well as lane marking on roads cannot be taken up during rains, especially when even slight showers are enough to leave the city's bitumen roads ridden with potholes, as officials themselves admit.While GHMC chief engineer K Suresh Kumar claimed they would complete all the work during dry spells before the COP 11 begins on October 1 despite all hurdles, GHMC officials admit it may be too late not only to complete all the scheduled work before September end, but the quality of work too may not be up to the mark, sending a lot of public money down the drain.\"Even if the tenders are finalized now, drain improvement works will take over two months to complete. Road works cannot be taken up now due to rains and even if roads were to be refurbished in September just before the convention there is no guarantee the roads would be intact because of monsoon,\" a senior GHMC official said.Even Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA), which has been sanctioned Rs 15 crore for beautification of Necklace Road area under Budha Purnima Project Authority is yet to wake up from its slumber and start drawing up project estimates.Caught napping, GHMC officials put the blame squarely on the state government. They point out that the primary reason for the current disarray is the inadequate funding by the state government as well as delays in releasing the funds.While GHMC had sought Rs 400 crore for uplift and beautification of the city, GoAP sanctioned a paltry Rs 125 crore and that too the funds were released only in the first week of July. To tide over the cash-crunch, desperate GHMC authorities are understood to have over the past couple of weeks roped in nearly 22 corporates to sponsor beautification work like rotary refurbishment, murals, road greening and fountains. It is also learnt that the Centre snubbed the state government's plea for Rs 800 crore funding for the city as it is hosting such a big ticket international event for the first time.GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu too seems to have woken up belatedly. Sources said he held a review meeting on COP 11 two-three days ago and asked the zonal commissioner to finalize tenders for drain improvement works immediately, even pulling up the engineering wing officials for shoddy work done in laying a pipeline for underground cables on Mehdipatnam road and admonishing officials for the cables dangling at SD Eye hospital near Masab Tank. But this burst of enthusiasm may be a case of too little, too late. A pity considering that this was an ideal opportunity for a T-struck Andhra Pradesh and Hyderabad in particular to put its best foot forward and impress upon the world that it still continues to be a force to reckon with as a global investment destination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15100797", "title": "Rs 4.5L fine for building norm violations?", "text": "NASHIK: The district administration plans to impose a fine of Rs 4.5 lakh on the edcational insitute Sandip Foudation on probing allegations of irregularities in the construction of Sandip Foundation, an educational structure on the Nashik-Trimbakeshwar road, after discovering irregularities in the building's construction.\"The district administration has found the foundation guilty of constructing structures on more space than sanctioned and is therefore planning to impose a fine of Rs 45 lakh on the institute,\" a collectorate official said .The administration probed the construction after a complaint filed by MLA Nitin Bhosale (MNS), over alleged norm violations. The foundation said: alleging that the institute had violated construction permissions laid down by the town planning department, the administration visited the Foundation recently and discovered that the allegations were true.The construction violates the existing norms applicable to the building, admitted a source from the Foundation on the condition of anonymity saying that the construction exceeds 12 meter norm at present but is well under the 15 meter-norm of the new regional plan. The sources also added that the permission for the same have been sought under the new regional plan which is on anvil.While issued by the Foundation stated.\"In 2008, we have moved a the proposal with the town planning department for the foundation's inclusion under the special educational zone or allow the construction of 0.5 floor space index in addition to ground floor and two storeys or construction up to 15 meters in height from the current 12-meter restriction. in the year 2008 itself.It is awaiting sanction from the chief minister.\"The sources claim all the concerned departments have cleared the file except the chief minister who holds the portfolio and that is the only reason that the institute is held in the dock.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15098748", "title": "Woman dies after fall at government medical college in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: A 47-year-old woman succumbed to head injuries after she fell unconscious near the porch of Government Medical College and Hospital on Sunday morning. Sanghamitra Khobragade was going to her residence at Vishwakarma Nagar to bring breakfast for her ailing husband Roshan, who is admitted in GMCH.The woman used to support her family with tailoring work. It is learnt that Roshan has been admitted at the hospital and is slated to undergo surgery. Sanghamitra had also been taking care her husband through his ailment.Police said Sanghamitra felt dizzy as she was walking out of the hospital. Unable to balance herself, she fell to the ground. She was immediately rushed to the intensive care unit, where doctors declared her dead. Ajni police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15098415", "title": "There\u2019s cilantro in my dal-chawal", "text": "If only dal were part of the GRE exam, they would have realised it had more than one colour. But, unfortunately, that just isn't the type of information that you'd find beside a tiny empty square waiting to be ticked on a question paper. None of those all-important entrance tests ask for things like the American name for 'coriander' or promise scholarships if you know whether chickpeas need to be soaked overnight before they are boiled. Naturally, within days of bidding a teary, monsoon farewell to their kids at the departure terminal, many Indian mothers are forced to call out entire recipes over depleting cellphone batteries while God has to get busy undoing aromas of failure emanating from the rented, international kitchens of these immigrants.It is in these uncomfortable truths of sudden independence that local cooking classes have discovered a new market segment: customized courses to inject virgin kitchen entrants with an intangible ingredient called experience before they fly. Here, in the course of rolling out round chapatis and slicing onions, students learn everything from the names of various dals to how to recycle leftover food. They also are privy to advice that isn't readily available on Google\u2014such as, for instance, how carrying a bagful of Maggi Noodles to the US is redundant and that you should not carry a pressure cooker to France.\"I used to start with the basics, as some of them did not even know how to hold a knife,\" says Khar-based food and hospitality expert Marilyn Thakur. Besides teaching students how to blanch, chop, peel and puree, Thakur would even offer tips on healthy eating. (\"Pav bhaji is easy to make and extremely healthy\") and give students a vegetarian alternative for every non-vegetarian dish as well as photocopies of recipes and a glossary of English names for Indian spices.Faiqua Khan of Thane's Magnificence Cooking Classes, who started a course for students going abroad over two years ago, generally tells them to stuff their refrigerators with vegetables, fruit and onion, ginger and garlic pastes. She then asks them to chop the vegetables over the weekend so that they only need to be stir-fried on the day they are to be eaten. \"There are Indian stores abroad, but they are expensive so we advise students to carry spices and dried pulses from India. The idea is to save their money as well as time,\" says Khan.As the students are faced with the daunting prospect of doing even household chores on their own, most of these courses, such as Nagpur's Neeraj Jain's 'Abroad Course', focus on \"quick microwave dishes\", from vegetarian sandwiches to speedy biryanis. Her tips, which include \"drafting a mental food plan the previous night by taking an inventory of the ingredients\" and \"mixing leftover vegetables with dough\" have pumped Nagpur's Megha Nagpal with enough confidence for her impending two-year stint in Florida. Nagpal, a vegetarian, was \"concerned abouut not finding enough options outside\", but has learned invaluable things from Jain like how to make paneer butter masala minus butter and even grill dal baati in the microwave.Kalyan's 19-year-old Muqsit Pirzada, who is pursuing his second year at the Institute of Chemical Technology, has decided to start preparing for his foreign sojourn much in advance. Pirzada learnt from Thane's Faiqua Kazi that alcohol as a food ingredient could be substituted with vinegar and gelatine with the vegetarian agar agar\u2014tips that will come in handy abroad as his religion does not permit the use of alcohol and halal. Pirzada also knows now that carrying cumin seeds to the US is not allowed.His gender too, he says, earns him easy compliments from friends. Last Saturday, for instance, after gobbling down chocolate and lemon tarts made by him, they had only one thing to say to him: \"Your wife is going to be very lucky.\"Students going to foreign universities are increasingly taking 'abroad classes' to survive without Ma's cooking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15099573", "title": "10 kg of silver lifted from jewellery show in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: A gang robbed a Chennai-based jeweller of 10 kg of silver ornaments on Saturday night. A three-day jewellery show is being hosted in the city and many jewellers and other service providers of gold trade have come from different parts of the country for the show. Under these circumstances, Akshay Salmalini (27), a Chennai-based jeweller, participated in the show, displaying silver ornaments. He brought 75 kg of silver ornaments from Chennai for the purpose. On Saturday night, some miscreants attacked his car driver and fled with the car containing 10 kg of silver ornaments worth Rs 5 lakh. However, the stolen car was found abandoned near Madura Coats Bridge on Sunday morning with its tyre flattened. But the ornaments were found missing.Police sources said Akshay asked his driver A Kamalakannan (22) of Perambur in Chennai to keep 10 kg of silver ornaments in the car and went for dinner. The ornaments had to be kept in the car as the chest provided by the organizers of the show could contain only 65 kg of silver. When he returned, he found the car and the driver missing and filed a complaint with the police. Police also caught hold of the driver, Kamalakannan who claimed that he was attacked by a gang and pushed away from the car before the gang fled with the vehicle.Police officials said Kamalakannan claimed that he went to fill air in the tyres and a gang intercepted him near Bibikulam and attacked him with a beer bottle. He claimed he was pushed away from the vehicle and the miscreants fled with the car. \"We are interrogating the driver as we suspect something fishy in his version. Normally, robbers do not attack with beer bottles, but with weapons. A team has also left to Chennai for a background check on the driver, as Akshay claimed he had rented the vehicle from a travel agency in Chennai. The driver was sent by the travel agency. We will arrest the miscreants very soon,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "hambantota", "code": "15104671", "title": "2nd ODI: Upbeat India aim to maintain momentum against Sri Lanka", "text": "HAMBANTOTA: After starting the new season with a comfortable victory, favourites India will be aiming to keep up the momentum when they take on hosts Sri Lanka in the second ODI on Tuesday.India cruised to a 21-run win against the islanders in the opening ODI -- courtesy the in-form Virat Kohli who smashed 106 and senior batsman Virender Sehwag who made a significant contribution with an innings of 96.The strip at the Mahinda Rajapaksa Stadium where the first ODI was played seemed to be a typical limited overs pitch where the batsmen have a field day once they get their eye in.It is a wicket where 'win the toss and bat first' is the mantra for all captains and Mahendra Singh Dhoni was no different on the other day.Although the windy conditions initially help the swing bowlers but primarily it's the batsmen who dominate in these conditions.For India, it will be an advantage of sorts as Sri Lanka's most consistent new-ball bowler in recent times, Nuwan Kulasekara is out of the series with a groin injury sustained while trying to attempt a catch during the first ODI.All eyes will again be on man-of-the-moment Kohli who has now scored four centuries in his last five appearances and is in the form of his life.It would certainly boost his confidence that he has started the new season with a flawless century.Ditto for Virender Sehwag, who had skipped the Asia Cup due to injury and was keen to get a head start as it is supposed to be a long and hard season for Team India.Gautam Gambhir will be keen to shrug off the disappointment of getting out cheaply in the first match and make amends in Tuesday's game.Suresh Raina and skipper Dhoni have always been pretty consistent in the shorter formats and their valuable contribution at the death overs certainly made a lot of difference.Rohit Sharma's indifferent form, however, sticks out like a sore thumb amid the good batting form of his teammates.Having scored only two centuries in 81 ODIs certainly doesn't do justice to his enormous promise. A poor average of 32-plus is something that should definitely worry Rohit as he goes about trying to transform talent into match-winning performances.However, it is unlikely that the Indian team management would tinker with the playing XI for at least another couple of matches unless they are forced to due to injury concerns.Skipper Dhoni will, however, want his bowlers to up the ante after being penalised for slow over-rate in the last match.All-rounder Irfan Pathan's presence in the side lends the necessary balance. Although his pace has dropped considerably but his ability to get movement with the new ball is something that adds dimension to the attack considering Sri Lanka has an attacking batsmen in Tillakaratne Dilshan at the top of the order.The Indians will also have to counter Kumar Sangakkara who hit a splendid 133 in the last match but ran out of partners.Dilshan and skipper Mahela Jayawardene are the players who are not known to go through prolonged bad patch and on their day can destroy any bowling attack in world cricket.Senior pacer Zaheer Khan and young Umesh Yadav got a bit of stick in the earlier match and would strive to be more economical.Off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin had the best figures in the match and did an admirable job to contain the batsmen in the middle overs.Comeback man Pragyan Ojha did get hit by Sangakkara but getting the valuable wicket of Jayawardene would have certainly done his confidence a world of good.Teams (from):India: Mahendra Singh Dhoni (Capt.), Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir, Virat Kohli (vice-Capt.), Rohit Sharma , Suresh Raina, Irfan Pathan , Ravichandran Ashwin, Zaheer Khan, Umesh Yadav, Pragyan Ojha, Ajinkya Rahane, Manoj Tiwary, Rahul Sharma, Ashok Dinda.Sri Lanka: Mahela Jayawardene (Capt.), Angelo Mathews (vice-Capt.), Tillakaratne Dilshan, Kumar Sangakkara, Upul Tharanga, Dinesh Chandimal, Thisara Perera, Lahiru Thirimanne, Lasith Malinga, Chamara Kapugedera, Rangana Herath, Sachithra Senanayake, Jeevan Mendis, Isuru Udana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103359", "title": "AISFM signs MoU with JNAFAU", "text": "AISFM signs MoU with JNAFAU to offer degree and master's courses in filmmakingAnnapurna International School of Film and Media (AISFM) recently signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Jawaharlal Nehru Architecture and Fine Arts University (JNAFAU) to offer degree and master's courses in film and media.Students can earn a government recognised degree, while receiving technical training in various aspects of film and media including editing, cinematography, directing, scriptwriting, producing as well as animation and visual effects (VFX). The MoU is for a period of four years. Speaking on the occasion, Akkineni Nagarjuna, president of AISFM, said, \"The Indian film industry has been pursuing a dream for decades that students can gain technical film and media skills as part of a recognised degree. The partnership between AISFM and JNAFAU realises that dream.\"AISFM is associated with popular filmmakers, actors and directors such as Farah Khan, Karan Johar, Hema Malini , Maniratnam, Kamal Hassan , Sonu Sood, Tabu and Anurag Kashyap. These eminent personalities will be a part of the academic advisory council and provide their valuable guidance in designing the academic curriculum, recommendations on faculty and curriculum content . Chris Higgins, VP of AISFM, said, \"This represents a groundbreaking step forward for Indian film and media education. Indian students can, for the first time, access degree and master's courses in media that match the standards of the world's best film schools.\"JNAFAU is a first-of-its-kind in the country and is established in Andhra Pradesh with the College of Fine Arts exclusively devoted for the development of applied art, painting, sculpture, photography and animation.R M Dobriyal, vice chancellor, JNAFAU, shared, \"This MoU paves the way for exciting developments in the filmmaking industry in India. Currently India is facing a dearth of quality education options for students who want to study technical aspects of film and media. We are happy to partner with AISFM and taking an important step towards broadening the creative and fine art options available to youngsters.\"Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15098483", "title": "Bhagidari Atta to be back soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi residents will have some reprieve from rising prices as the government is set to revive the sale of Bhagidari Fortified Atta ( wheat flour).The food and supply department has started the tendering process for fixing the price of the flour; a 10kg bag of the flour was sold for Rs 139 till October 2011. \"The minister of state for food and civil supplies, KV Thomas, agreed to CM Sheila Dikshit's request to provide Delhi with an additional quota of subsidized wheat. The plan was earlier put on hold,\" said a senior official.Food and supply minister Haroon Yusuf said the scheme will be implemented in a month. However, the exact price of the flour bags will be determined after the tendering process is over.Sources said a 10 kg bag is likely to cost about Rs 130-140 against the market rate of Rs 180-250.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15098560", "title": "Education institutions harvest rainwater for non-drinking purposes", "text": "PUNE: Many educational institutions in the city have taken up rain harvesting for water conservation and minimize their dependence on the civic water supply.The harvested water is mostly used for watering plants and trees, gardens, kitchen gardens and play grounds.At the Sevasadan English Medium School run by the Pune Sevasadan Society in Kothrud, the rainwater harvesting arrangement comprises a borewell, a filter and a sedimentation pit that will be constantly recharged by the rainwater collected from the rooftop and storm water drains covering an area of 1675 sq m. The recharge potential of the well is estimated at approximate 1.7 million litre per annum. The system was set up in March last year.The rainwater collected on the terrace is channelized to the sedimentation pit. Chambers have been constructed and connected to the borewell. The system not only recharges the ground water, but also helps the school in several ways to save drinking water.The school has a one-acre ground on which water needs to be sprinkled everyday. \"Rainwater harvesting has helped us in a big way to reduce the load on the drinking water supply as a lot of water is consumed for watering this ground. Besides, we have a kitchen garden where students do their projects. Here also we use the rainwater,\" said Nitin Lele, trustee, Pune Sevasadan Society.At the Nowrosjee Wadia College, the recharge potential of the rainwater harvesting system is 45 million litre water.M N Andar, who headed the execution of the project at the college, said the water crisis was a global challenge that required immediate attention. \"It is our responsibility to educate people, especially the youth, about conserving water. I would like to urge my students and teachers to act as catalysts and encourage the community at large to take up projects like rain water harvesting.\"The project aims to provide adequate water for non-drinking purposes and recharge groundwater on the entire campus. The set-up includes rainwater harvesting structures in five buildings, two soak pits, two water collection trenches and a filtration pit to recharge the existing well.The college has selected the rooftops of the buildings of examination department, mechanical department, physics department and college of engineering for harvesting rainwater.\"Rainwater is collected through downtakes and trenches. It then undergoes a filtering process before it is collected in the well.\" said Andar.The well is the college's main source of water for all purposes except drinking. The water is mainly used to water the plants and the college ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15099668", "title": "TMC men mob Congress leader's house after Facebook post", "text": "KOLKATA: Think twice before posting any political comment on Facebook.Shatadru Roy Chattopadhyay, the convener of the state Congress's cyber cell, learnt it the hard way. He chose to post a poser on chief minister Mamata Banerjee's Facebook wall questioning the presence of Manish Gupta on the martyrs' day dais and within hours, a mob of Trinamool Congress supporters gathered in front of his house and raised slogans against him. His septuagenarian mother was alone at home at that time.In his post, Shatadru rem-inded that it was Gupta, who, as the home secretary, had ratified the police firing that killed 13 people in 1993.After a couple of hours, around 8.30pm, when Shatadru was at a public meeting with senior Congress leaders, he received a call from his mother. She said that nearly 60 Trinamool supporters had gathered in front of his home and threatening him. She repeatedly told Shatadru to stay away from home. \"She has high blood pressure and diabetes. I was worried whether she'll be able to withstand the shock. I called up the Kasba OC and he advised me to lodge a complaint first. Then I called a senior officer, who finally sent forces to my home,\" he said.Shatadru also alleged that he was neither given a copy of the complaint filed nor any general diary number. He got it only on Sunday morning. DCP (south suburban division), Sujay Chanda, said, \"A complaint has been lodged.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15098766", "title": "Baby born in train to be Metro\u2019s mascot", "text": "NEW DELHI: When nine-month pregnant Juli Devi boarded the Metro train from Badarpur on Sunday morning, little did she know that she would be making history. Juli (27) went into labour en route to the hospital and delivered a girl child in the train. She became the first woman to deliver a child in a Metro train, which prompted Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) to declare the infant as its mascot.Juli, a resident of Faridabad, gave birth to the baby at 7.28am near the Khan Market station, a week before her due date on July 30. She was being taken for a routine check up to Safdarjung Hospital. She was to undergo a surgery on July 30 as the unborn baby was reportedly in breach position. However, on the way, she developed severe labour pains and delivered the baby with the help of two women passengers. Juli had boarded the Metro train with her husband Ranjeet Singh and brother-in-law Sanjeet Singh from Badarpur. The new-born is the couple's third girl child.\"Juli started complaining of labour pains soon after boarding the train. We informed the Metro staff about her condition near Khan Market. They immediately stopped the train at the station, but could not arrange for an ambulance or a nurse and decided to rush us to Central Secretariat. In the meantime, the baby had been delivered,\" said Ranjeet Singh, a native of Bihar, who runs a tea stall in Sarvpriya Vihar.At Central Secretariat station, Metro staff had arranged for a wheelchair and an ambulance. Devi was immediately taken to Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital.Doctors at RML Hospital said the mother and baby are fine and will soon be discharged. \"The baby weighs around 3.6 kilograms, which is normal,\" said a doctor.Singh said he was grateful to the two women passengers who came forward to help Devi. \"While we were at a loss as to what to do, two middle-aged women came forward and took charge of things. One of them covered Devi with her dupatta and the other one helped deliver the baby,\" said Singh.Meanwhile, DMRC announced in a press statement that they would foot the medical bills incurred by the family at the hospital. \"The Metro authorities took care of all the necessary formalities at the hospital. Initially, the non-availability of nursery for the baby was a cause for concern at the hospital. However, the Metro staff immediately contacted the hospital authorities and sought their cooperation in admitting the baby,\" said Anuj Dayal, DMRC spokesperson. Dayal confirmed that DMRC was planning to make the baby girl their mascot.Initially, when Devi's family had not arrived at the hospital, DMRC also stationed two women employees to take care of the mother and child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098410", "title": "Slow market? Firm strikes Rs 21.5k/sq ft deal", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when Mumbai's office market is witnessing sluggish demand, FMCG major Marico has purchased approximately 60,000 sq ft of space in Grande Palladium, a nine-storey Grade A building at Kalina. The company, which currently operates from Rang Sharada at Bandra (W), will shift to its new corporate headquarters within a few months.The Rs 130-crore deal, which translates to approximately Rs 21,500 per sq ft, is slightly higher on per sq ft rate basis than the Rs 400-crore deal (approximately Rs 18,000 a sq ft) struck by Edelweiss in 2010 for 2.5 lakh sq ft space in Lotus Midtown at Kalina. Confirming the deal, Marico said they needed the space to cater to the growing infrastructural needs of the FMCG group.Nikhil Bhatia, head of the western region of global property consultants CBRE, said, \"Unlike in other areas, Kalina is not facing an oversupply of office space. As per our data, approximately 3 lakh sq ft of office space is lying vacant against 1.9 million sq ft space being constructed in Kalina. In that context, the price paid by Marico seems at par with the prevailing rate in that area.\"Property consultants say that despite the poor infrastructure facilities in the area, real estate prices in Kalina are on the higher side. \"The reason is Kalina's proximity to the banking district of Bandra Kurla Complex (BKC). As a result, many companies who can't afford the high prices of BKC prefer to purchase or rent space nearby,\" a broker said.In 2009, Rustomjee sold 1.42 lakh sq ft of office space in Andheri (E) to public sector firm SBI Life insurance for Rs 211 crore, close to Rs 15,000 per sq ft, and Motilal Oswal bought 1 lakh sq ft of commercial space from K Raheja Universal at Prabhadevi for Rs 160 crore.However, the biggest deal recorded so far was when multinational bank Standard Chartered bought close to 2.5 lakh sq ft of office space in BKC for Rs 750 crore in late 2008. The bank bought the property from developer P D Developers at around Rs 30,000 per sq ft.In early 2008, the British Council bought commercial property from Naman Developers for around Rs 45,000 per sq ft in BKC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103560", "title": "Fake tan ups cancer, infertility risk", "text": "Fake tan users can be afflicted with fertility problems and cancer, due to toxins present in the cosmetic, experts have revealed.Danger ingredients in it include hormone-disrupting compounds known as gender benders along with carcinogens.Other components in the chemical cocktail included allergy-causing skin irritants and substances which released toxins including cancer-causing formaldehyde and nitrosamines.Pregnant women who applied the tanning lotions have been told that they could face a higher risk of birth defects.According to experts, men and women could suffer fertility problems and stars like 'TOWIE' girl Lauren Goodger using the lotions may also be exposed to an increased cancer risk.\"It would be prudent to take a precautionary approach to many of these chemicals until their effects are more fully understood,\" the Sun quoted Jacqueline McGlade, executive director of the European Environment Agency .\"They may be a contributing factor behind the significant increases in cancers, diabetes and obesity and falling fertility. It's the cocktail effect,\" she said.And Elizabeth Salter-Green, of the UK charity the Chem Trust, said that many of the chemicals in fake tan were toxic to reproduction and could harm a foetus.The effects are thought to be greater than for other cosmetics as the tan is applied all over the body several times a week.Fake tan sales are worth 100 million pounds a year in the UK and are the fastest-growing area for cosmetic sales. A third of women and one in ten men admitted to using it.Most tans contain dihydroxyacetone (DHA) which reacts with the amino acids present on the skin's surface to turn it brown.\"There are chemicals such as formaldehyde, MSG and tartrazine amongst others, which could cause concern for allergy sufferers, if used on a regular basis and especially over a long period,\" Lindsey McManus, Deputy CEO, Allergy UK said:Alyson Hogg of Vita Liberata, a UK firm that has developed the only fake tan free from dangerous chemicals, said that firms used them as they were \"cheap and easy.\"Cosmetics manufacturers have insisted that all the ingredients were safe.\"There are stringent EU laws covering the manufacture of cosmetic products,\" Dr Chris Flower, director general of the Cosmetics, Toiletry and Perfumery Association, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15099977", "title": "Woman killed in road accident", "text": "INDORE: A 49-year-old woman was crushed to death and her son sustained injuries in a road accident when a mini bus hit their motor bike in Rajendra Nagar area.The deceased identified as Manju Singh, was the resident of Dhanwantri Nagar.The incident took place when Manju with her son was going home.When they were passing through the Ret Mandi near Rajendra Nagar railway crossing a bus bearing the number MP09GF3449 hit their bike from behind. In the accident, son Jitendra was thrown far away and the woman came under the wheels of the bus, police said. Police have impounded the bus while the driver managed to escape.Police have sent the body to district hospital for post-mortem and the investigations were underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103893", "title": "My next is a romantic thriller: Debarati Gupta", "text": "Debarati Gupta's next is about a man who has suicidal tendenciesDebarati Gupta is busy with the post-production of \" Hoichoi \" and is eyeing a release at the end of this year. Ask the director if her film is inspired by any real life theatre personalities and she says, \"It's not directly inspired that way but you may find resemblances with any theatre group and its dynamics. My movie is about how individuality affects and influences the spirit of any organization. It is about a new-age group with its desperation, ambition and affection towards life.\"Gupta has cast filmmaker Shekhar Das in the film that also stars Paoli Dam , Priyanka, Rahul, Rudranil, Vikram and Nitya Ganguly. \"Shekhar-da played the role of the director of a well-established theatre group where Paoli Rahul Priyanka started their career. Then Paoli gets out of the group and forms her own with Rahul, Priyanka and calls it Hoichoi. My film is about this chaos,\" she says.In the pipeline is a romantic thriller. \"I have begun to pen the script. It is about a man of 30 years who attempts suicide and how his father tries to explore what drove him to this state,\" the director signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15105853", "title": "UP govt changes names of eight districts", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Monday changed the names of the eight districts which had been renamed by the previous Mayawati regime, official sources said.The decision in this regard was taken at a cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav .While Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Nagar, formerly known as Amethi, will now be known as Gauriganj, Rambai Nagar will be called Kanpur dehat.The names of Bheem Nagar, Prabuddha Nagar and Pancheel Nagar have been changed to Bahjoi, Shamli and Hapur respectively, they said.Similarly names of Kanshiram Nagar, Mahamaya Nagar and JP Nagar have been changed to Kasganj, Hathras and Amroha respectively.The cabinet also restored the name of King George's Medical University (KGMU), which was changed to Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University in the BSP regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104555", "title": "Step Up Revolution", "text": "CreditsDirector: Scott Speer Cast: Kathryn McCormick, Ryan Guzman, Misha Gabriel, Peter Gallagher &amp; Steven Screenplay: Jenny Mayer Release Date: August 3, 2012SynopsisIn the fourth installment of the dance flick Step Up, Step Up Revolution , Kathryn McCormick of dance reality show So You Think You Can Dance fame backed up by an entourage , sets the streets of Miami on fire with their jazziest moves. Step Up Revolution features the latest trend of flash mobs that seems to have captured dance enthusiasts across the globe creating a virtual frenzy on the internet! The movie will be releasing in both 2D and 3D across all major cities.Emily arrives in Miami with aspirations of becoming a professional dancer and soon falls in love with Sean, a young man who leads a dance crew in elaborate, cutting-edge flash mobs, called 'The Mob'. When a wealthy business man threatens to develop The Mob's historic neighbourhood and displace thousands of people, Emily must band together with Sean and The Mob to turn their performance art into protest art, and risk losing their dreams to fight for a greater cause. Step Up Revolution will see Kathryn McCormick matching steps with supermodel Ryan Guzman in the lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15100672", "title": "How India can achieve its target of gross enrolment ratio in higher education", "text": "Every sector of the economy is feeling the heat of global slowdown, but one segment, which remains unaffected by difficult times, globally, is higher education. This is because higher education is linked with the aspirations of people.In the last two decades, the number of engineering colleges, business schools and enrolments has gone up phenomenally in India. This is so because there is demand from people and industry. There is a link between what industry wants and what parents send their children to colleges for.The government has set a target of gross enrolment ratio (GER) in higher education of 30% by 2020 With a current GER of 20% already achieved, this target appears eminently attainable. However, India should aspire for a higher GER considering that this ratio in developed countries is 50-60 %.Private sector is increasingly being exhorted by the government to step up investment in this field but, we should remember that almost 85-90 % funding for professional colleges in our country even today is from private sector. These are self-financing colleges. But no money has gone in to public-private partnerships. Funds from government are skewed towards central institutes while state institutes are starved of resources. State governments do not provide funds for their universities and instead expect them to make do with fees. Given the shortage of funds, private sector investment should be facilitated.Two, trying to increase GER will be impossible without teachers. There is a universal shortage of faculty in both public and private institutes. To overcome this, teacher qualification norms should be relaxed . The National Knowledge Commission has pointed out that an MTech may not be required for teaching and that BTech graduates may be hired with a commitment to do an MTech within three to four years of their joining.We have to give teachers, who join without adequate higher qualifications, access to further studies through distance education. There have to be avenues for top 10 courses through distance mode. People coming from industry may not be PhDs, but they have more practical knowledge. Similar relaxation has to be given for humanities courses.When it comes to research, we have to learn to differentiate between the requirements for research and teaching. Everybody need not do research. Industry requires a large number of people at graduate level \u2014 production, operations, monitoring, etc. It does not require too many research candidates. We have to see where it is relevant. Auto sector has done a lot of research in recent years. Ten years ago, it was zero. Pharma is doing it. Industry will not invest in research unless there is a requirement.Another hot topic of discussion these days is the so called low-employability quotient of our graduates. The main reason for this is low focus on communication skills. In small towns and rural areas, children at school level are taught in the local language and there is little attention to English. When they enter higher education , language, therefore, becomes a major issue. To address this, communication skill training should start at the school level. Students should be enabled , at least from higher secondary level, to acquire proficiency in presentation and writing skills, in both English and local languages.One more reason for low-employability of graduates is poor linkages between academia and industry . We at CII are conscious of the fact that as the country's largest industry organisation, we carry the onerous responsibility of working on bridging this gap. Towards that end we have set up a University-Industry Congress under which we are doing a survey of engineering colleges, along with the All India Council for Technical Education, to map their linkages with industry.The way forward is deregulation. There are too many restrictions, which need to be removed. The system should be allowed to grow from demand. After all, it is paid for by the parents, not the government . It should therefore be deregulated to a point where there is enough competition to bring down the cost for students. Online content can be used to bring down costs. E-learning has to be increased . There is also a need to involve reputed overseas higher education providers in the Indian education system. This will stem the tide of students going overseas and preserve foreign exchange.It will also add competition internally and bring new ideas and methods into higher education . There is enough space for several models to operate in the best interests of our talented students. Universities need to be given complete autonomy. The law allows it. Due to a variety of supplemental instructions, this has been taken away.Unlike Right to Education ( RTE), any new mechanism should not end up creating more problems for parents. More deregulation, use of technology, simplification of rules, allowing colleges to compete and co-operate , greater incentives for private sector participation in higher education and liberal terms for entering into publicprivate partnerships are the way forward in higher education.For more expert views, click on 'Expert Eye' on www.myeducationtimes. com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15099710", "title": "Bhopal mayor celebrates Hariyali Teej Mahotsav", "text": "BHOPAL: Mayor Krishna Gaur celebrated Hariyali Teej Mahotsav at her residence on Sunday with fervour and gaiety. More than 100 women from all over the state participated in the function. Most of the women corporators and prominent women politicians of the BJP were present at her residence.The mayor enjoyed the swing wearing red and green attire. There were many stalls of mehendi and merry-go-round at her residence. The function commenced at 4 pm.The festival is marked as a symbol of happiness and is celebrated a few days before Rakshabandhan. It takes place on the third day of Shukla Paksha (bright moon fortnight) of the Shraavana or Saawan month of Hindu calendar that normally falls from late July to early September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103495", "title": "Insights into the Higher Education and Research Bill", "text": "Recently, lawyers across India participated in protests against the proposed Higher Education and Research Bill (HER). Their contention\u2014the bill will usurp the Bar Council of India's (BCI's) control over legal education. However, not all lawyers in the country support the strike or demands to exclude legal education from the purview of the bill. Anand Grover, senior advocate, Supreme Court, opines, \"Though the Bar Council has failed in modernising the legal system, it does represent the body of lawyers in a democratic manner. The new bill seeks to take away the power of the BCI and vest it in bureaucrats. We need a mix of the two systems.\" Concurs Mumtaz Bandukwala, partner, Junarkar and Associates, \"Protests and strikes affect people such as litigants who are not responsible for situations like these. BCI should only be concerned about administrative powers and legal ethics. Education should be looked at on a different, national level.\"For the uninitiated, the BCI plays a crucial role in legal education in India under The Advocates Act, 1961. As per this act, the BCI defines standards of legal education in consultation with the universities in India imparting legal education and State Bar Councils. The council inspects and recognises universities, the degree of which is considered a qualification for enrolment as an advocate. It also recognises, on a reciprocal basis, the foreign qualifications in law obtained outside India for the purpose of admission as an advocate in India. However, most academicians maintain that the BCI has not fulfilled its duties appropriately. Shamnad Basheer, Ministry of HRD professor in IP Law, NUJS, West Bengal , says, \"Unfortunately, the Bar Council has never consulted legal academics meaningfully. Rather, it has gone on to make derogatory remarks against the capabilities of legal academics in its recent submission to the Parliamentary Committee reviewing HER. It is high time the BCI appreciated that legal education norms are best framed by those that engage in legal education full-time. To the extent that the HER seeks to endorse this philosophy, it is a welcome move.\"The HER will strip the BCI of all its educational regulatory powers. If the bill is passed, a National Commission for Higher Education and Research (NCHER) will be set up to facilitate determination and maintenance of standards of higher education and research in all areas except agricultural education. A General Council (GC) will be appointed to advise the NCHER on issues such as access, adequacy of funding and quality. The GC will consist of members of the NCHER, representatives of State Higher Education Council, heads of each professional body (including the BCI) and research council, one director each from IIT, IIM and national law universities. The NCHER may, with prior approval of the GC, make regulations specifying requirements for award of a degree or diploma, standards for appointment of vice-chancellors, norms of academic quality for accreditation, norms for establishment and winding up of educational institutions, and regulation for entry of foreign educational institutions.The HRD ministry however, has maintained that the BCI's autonomy in so far as specifying standards of higher education concerning practice in courts shall not be affected as a result of this bill.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15102850", "title": "G V Prakash's 'home' run!", "text": "Looks like G V Prakash is planning to stick to his roots while composing music for his forthcoming projects. Reason? He feels the tunes that he composed in studios abroad didn't garner much attention!A source in the knows says, \"G V has been consistent in coming up with good music, and most of the tunes have been composed at his studio in the city. But, for some movies, he had toured abroad. For instance, he composed the tunes for MUK in China. But, the songs were just average hits, and the film didn't fare well at the BO. He is quite sentimental and has now decided that he will work only in his studio while composing tunes.\"meanwhile, the young music composer has already finished working on his Annakodiyum Kodiveeranum, and has come up with very rural tunes. Work on Thaandavam is also almost complete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15098516", "title": "Supply-demand gap cause of milk adulteration: Food and Drug Administration", "text": "PUNE: A delicate balance between supply and demand is the cause for adulteration of milk in the state, say Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) officials.Officials said that a number of small groups spread across large geographical areas are involved in adulteration which makes it difficult to trace them. Besides, it is almost impossible to know the source of adulteration because a huge population of farmers is involved in supplying milk. Also, the collection process is very tedious since minimum supply from one source can be as little as two to three liters per day.Since the shelf-life of milk is very short, the entire process of collection, quality check, registration and supply to nearby chilling centre or dairy has to be completed in record time. \"Unscrupulous elements take advantage of this run against time and mix water or chemicals,\" said the officials.Speaking to TOI on the condition of anonymity, an official from the state dairy development department said, \"Rising demand for milk and milk products, and very little increase in supply opens a window of opportunity for adulterators. They add water or mixing a milk-like fluid made from chemicals. As a result, the nutritional value of milk goes down.\" Such adulterated milk is brought to the collection centres or dairies where it gets mixed with the non-adulterated milk. Thus it becomes difficult to trace the source of adulteration.The state Food and Drugs Administration department and local police officials have conducted raids in Kopargaon, Shrirampur (Ahmednagar) and Baramati and in some areas near Indapur tehsils (Pune) and seized sizeable volume of chemicals used for adulteration, said the official. The eastern parts of Pune district, north Ahmednagar district, parts of Solapur and Beed have reported several incidents of adulteration. In contrast, prosperous areas like Kolhapur and western parts of Satara and Sangli districts have reported fewer cases of milk adulteration. This because availability of fodder and water is sufficient here.Measures have been taken like giving identity cards to suppliers and registering them and transport vehicles, but it is still impossible to stop the malpractice completely, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15099239", "title": "Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited orders probe into girl's electrocution", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited has constituted an enquiry into electrocution of a six-year-old girl in Jai Prakash Nagar. The girl died after she touched the earthing wire, which apparently had current flowing into it and was attached to the pole on Saturday.UPPCL chairman, Avanish Awasthi on Sunday said that chief engineer, Lucknow Electricity Supply Administration has been asked to submit a report within three days. He also ordered compensation of Rs 2 lakh to the aggrieved family. The incident, which exposed the grave callousness on the part of Lesa, happened when the six-year-old was playing with her younger brother.Awasthi said that various managing directors of distribution companies have been asked to see that transmission and distribution wires are proper. \"Any information of dilapidated distribution system should be taken up immediately and resolved,\" he said. The corporation in a statement said that it is committed to provide adequate power to people in UP. The corporation has been purchasing power worth Rs 7 crore for the past few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15100460", "title": "2 men suffocate to death in manhole in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: Two persons asphyxiated to death in a manhole in Chanakyapuri colony in Hubli on Sunday.The deceased are Ramesh Lamani, 20, and Santosh Lamani, 24, of Nelur Tanda of Ron taluk of Gadag district.Police said Ramesh got into the 12-ft manhole to clean it. When he did not return, Santosh followed. Basavaraj who was working in another manhole in the same area, grew suspicious when both did not turn up even after half an hour. He then got into the manhole.When Basavaraj, too, took his time to return, his co-workers Bheemagowda Trikani and Ashwin, peeped into the manhole and saw all three stuck inside. Bheemagowda pulled Basavaraj out with the help of a rope and alerted fire brigade and police.Ramesh and Santosh were also pulled out, but they were unconscious. The duo was declared brought dead in Karnataka Institute of Medical Science hospital . The two worked for Eagle Construction company, which had taken the contract of completing drainage work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15105266", "title": "Dashami", "text": "CreditsFilm: Dashami or Doshomi Cast : Indraneil and Koel Director : Suman Maitra Producer : Cine 9 Genre : Drama Release Date : 27th July,2012Synopsis : Doshomi as the name suggests revolves around the navratri days. Tuli(Koel)and Abhi(Indraneil), who have spent their childhood together share a strong love bond.Tuli moves abroad for further studies and various situations force Indraneil to quit education.Tuli comes to India to celebrate Dashami with her relatives and meets Indraneil again. It is during these days that their relationship takes a new turn.To know these twists and turns visit your nearest cinema hall on 27th July!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098605", "title": "Sena sees red over series with Pakistan", "text": "MUMBAI: In an editorial in Saamna on Wednesday, Balasaheb Thackeray has slammed the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) for planning the India-Pakistan Test series in the country.If the pain of the 26/11 attack on Mumbai persists and if the fire of patriotism hasn't died down then not a single Indian will go to watch the India-Pakistan cricket match. Let Rajiv Shukla and Sharad Pawar sit through the Test series,'' said Saamna.The Sena daily accused the BCCI of showing disrespect to the memory of over 160 people who died in the 26/11 serial blasts in Mumbai...The BCCI has hosted the India-Pak Test series with an eye on money.'' Thackeray is the editor of Saamna.Saamna pooh-poohed the BCCI explanation that cricket would help cement friendly ties between the two neighbouring countires. Many Test matches have been played down the decades and nothing has come out of it. Pakistan continues to sponsor terrorist attacks on India. The ruling Congress party lacks the courage and spunk to take action against Islamabad ... India flies pigeons of peace in the air, while Pakistan fires bullets at us,'' the Sena mouthpiece stated.When it comes to playing cricket with Pakistan, the Congress-led Union government conveniently forgets patriotism and self-dignity,'' Saamna remarked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15098978", "title": "2 new water tanks become operational in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: After a delay of almost two years, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has completed the work on two of the 24 water service reservoirs, commonly known as overhead water tanks. With these two tanks getting operational, water supply may improve to some extent in east and south Nagpur.Executive engineer Prakash Urade told TOI that the tanks, technically called as elevated service reservoir (ESR), are situated at Shanti Nagar and Sakkardara. \"The tanks, which became operational a few days ago, have been connected to the main network of Kanhan water treatment plant,\" he said.Leader of the ruling party Praveen Datke said two more tanks are set to become operational. \"Work on GSR constructed at Jaitala and ESR at Pratap Nagar has been completed and would be used to supply water in the next few days. Work on 10 more ESRs at Bastarwari, Indora, Nandanvan, Hanuman Nagar and other places is expected to be completed by December,\" he said.The Centre had given approval for the construction of 24 tanks, including 22 overhead water tanks (ESR) and two underground water tanks (GSR), under the ambitious JNNURM on December 28, 2006. Funds worth Rs39.30 crore were approved for 24 tanks. The work on 24 tanks was to be completed by December 2010. But NMC could complete only two tanks till date. NMC has not been able to start work on four tanks till date, citing various problems.In fact, the tanks were not to be connected to the existing water network and part of Pench IV water treatment plant being constructed, also under JNNURM. To improve the quantity and quality of water supply, the Centre had approved the new water treatment plant with an installed capacity of 115 million litres per day (MLD) at a cost of Rs79.24 crore. It was to be the sixth water treatment plant of NMC. The work on the plant was to complete by September 2010. But the NMC completed 44% work till June end.The city was to get 115 MLD additional water with the commissioning of the plant. The water was to be supplied to 24 tanks and also distributed to the households. The delay in its construction forced the officials to connect these two overhead water tanks to the existing network. A senior NMC official said the two tanks will continue to be connected to Kanhan water treatment plant and not Pench IV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104950", "title": "Katie Holmes finds solace in ex-boyfriend Chris Klein", "text": "Katie Holmes, who recently filed for divorce from Tom Cruise , has been relying on her \"solid friend\" and former flame Chris Klein for support lately.Holmes and Klein were engaged before the actress got together with 'Top Gun' star.\"Chris has been a huge source of support. They've stayed on good terms since they broke up and he's one of Katie's few really solid friends,\" News quoted an insider as telling Heat magazine.The 33-year-old star and the 'American Pie' actor stayed in touch after their break-up and she is said to feel indebted to him following his recent help.\"Because of Tom she was really isolated. She only hung out with people who Tom and the [Scientology] Church had pre-approved, so she hardly has any friends,\" the source revealed.\"Having Chris as a shoulder to cry on has been a huge help for Katie. It wouldn't surprise anyone if they became more than just friends,\" the insider added,\" the insider added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15099922", "title": "Mamata smiles on Pranab win, will attend swearing-in ceremony", "text": "KOLKATA: For once the political fault-lines in Bengal dissipated on Sunday as the enormity of the first Bengali occupant at Raisina Hill started to sink in. Mamata Banerjee called up Pranab Mukherjee after it was clear that he has got an unassailable lead and congratulated him. Mukherjee thanked her and requested her to be part of his July 25 swearing-in, which Mamata \"graciously\" accepted.Trinamool's Rajya Sabha MP Derek O'Brien confirmed, \"Yes, Mamatadi had called up Pranabbabu to congratulate him on being elected the country's 13th President. Pranabbabu thanked her and requested her to be present during the swearing-in ceremony. Mamatadi has accepted the invite.\" This capped the day-long celebrations from the bursting of fire-crackers and garlanding a huge portrait of Pranab Mukherjee at the PCC headquarters, to an eclectic gathering at the cool environs of a plush hotel to celebrate Mukherjee's victory. Governor M K Narayanan said, \"Bengal and the whole of India hail the victory. \"The celebrations at the PCC headquarters started when counting began. From 10am, supporters started gathering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15098651", "title": "Cash and gold looted from bungalow in Mulshi", "text": "PUNE: A gang of six suspects looted cash and gold ornaments from a bungalow at Shirwali village in Mulshi taluka, after severely thrashing four persons including the 76-year old owner of the bungalow. The incident took place late on Saturday night.The suspects tied the owner, K K Longani, and three women - Sugandh Gavkar, Shevanti Gavkar and Vasanti Gavkar - who were staying in the bungalow, and fled after taking the valuables. The incident came to light when one of the women managed to untangle herself and raised an alarm.Police inspector Ganesh More of the Paud police station said that Longani, who was working as an international travel agent, had been residing in the bungalow at Shirwali for the last 20 years. The three women were also staying in the bungalow.On Saturday at around 10.30 pm, six unidentified persons entered the bungalow. They severely thrashed Longani and the women and looted their gold ornaments. \"The suspects then took the gold ornaments and cash from a cupboard,\" More said.The suspects tied all of them with a rope and locked them in a room of the bungalow and fled. Sugandh managed to untie Shevanti's hands. Shevanti then untied all of them and raised an alarm for help. \"The neighbours rushed to the bungalow and unlocked the room,\" More said.More said that the neighbours informed the police and rushed the victims to the Sassoon General Hospital. \"We are yet to ascertain the exact value of the booty,\" More added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15098658", "title": "South Delhi fire kills elderly woman", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 67-year-old woman was killed and her domestic help was injured when a fire broke out in a three-storey building in Lajpat Nagar area of south-east Delhi.Police said the fire was reported from a car accessories shop in B block of Lajpat Nagar-I at around 3.30 pm. Eyewitness said the blaze started at the ground floor of the building and quickly spread to the upper floors. Eight fire tenders were rushed to douse the flames.The deceased has been identified as Sushila Puri, Ex-Dean of Ahilyabai College of Nursing. She reportedly died of suffocation. Puri was at the first floor of the house along with her domestic help Rizwana Khatoon (30) who too fell unconscious.\"There was a lot of smoke and the elderly woman and her help could not find a way out. The elderly woman died of asphyxia. Rizwana is critical,\" said a hospital source.The cause of the fire has not been found out yet but prima facie it seems like a short circuit was the reason, police said. An eyewitness said he saw fire erupting in the cables at the shop.As the fire spread to first and the second floor people rushed to the rescue. But as the blaze had engulfed the whole building, it was hard for the rescuers to come out of the building. Three people were trapped including Puri and Rizwana.Eyewitnesses said a sub inspector of Delhi Police, Rohit, displayed exemplary courage and entered the house and rescued those trapped inside including Puri and Rizwana. The victims were rushed to Moolchand Hospital where Puri was declared dead and Rizwana is stated to be critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "15099501", "title": "Heavy rain lash Canacona taluka", "text": "CANACONA: Incessant rain lashed most parts of Canacona taluka on Saturday damaging houses, uprooting trees, triggering minor landslides and throwing normal life out of gear.Heavy rains triggered minor landslides at Sadolxem-Didketar near Panyefond, causing hardships to the local residents and school students.Ramakant Naik Gaonkar, chairperson of Canacona municipal council (CMC), said that although landslides are taking place at Panayefond for the last three years, the government has not taken any initiative to construct a protection wall. He requested the Canacona mamlatdar and deputy collector to take measures to prevent landslides in future.A huge cashew tree landed on the residential house of Velip at Gaondongrem, Canacona, and caused damage to two rooms besides the roof, causing a loss to the tune of 30,000.In an incident which took place at Loliem, Mahadev Lolienkar suffered a loss of around 35,000, when a coconut tree came crashing on his residential house.An old tree fell on the house of Vithobha Gaonkar at Khola damaging the entire house, informed Canacona fire brigade personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104985", "title": "Miranda Kerr and Orlando Bloom headed for split?", "text": "Miranda Kerr and Orlando Bloom have sparked rumours that they are headed for a split after being spotted sans their wedding rings.The 29-year-old supermodel was spotted in New York last week without the bling, while Bloom has also been photographed recently without his.A friend of the duo has told Famous magazine that the relationship \"might be in trouble\", the Daily Telegraph reported.\"She's not wearing her ring, and she's had a lot on her plate - it could be that somewhere along the way her relationship with Orlando may have slipped between the cracks,\" the source said.The couple has an 18-month-old child together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098279", "title": "'P V Deshmukh conspired with three others'", "text": "MUMBAI: With respect to P V Deshmukh, who was working as a deputy secretary in the Urban Development Department, the Adarsh chargesheet states he conspired with Thakur, Wanchoo and Gidwani and with dishonest intention wrote a letter in 2002 to the secretary, MoEF, intimating the stategovernment had proposed to allot some land to Adarsh and requested their NOC for development of the plot.The CBI alleged this communication was made even before the letter of intent was issued to Adarsh. Deshmukh allegedly also wrote similar letters to other departments saying the MoEF had communicated its NOC to allow a residential development in an area otherwise which falls in the CRZ-Category II. Deshmukh was allotted a flat in 2003.According to the document, Ramanand Tiwari, principal secretary of the UD department in 2004, suggested the FSI of the neighbouring BEST plot could be made available for Adarsh only if a deletion was made in the reservation of the plot made available for BEST. A proposal was made by the society members for deletion of the BEST plot and this application was sent to then CM Sushil Kumar Shinde's office. Final recommendation was made by Tiwari, who in turn got his son Omkar Tiwari inducted as a member in the society.The synopsis says Pradeep Vyas, who was a city collector from 2002 to 2005 allegedly abused his position and recommended names of 27 members, who otherwise would not have been eligible for a flat in Adarsh. His wife Seema was subsequently allotted a flat as quid pro quo, the chargesheet says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15100287", "title": "Bangalore clueless about pollen allergens", "text": "The BBMP ban on planting flowering saplings in its parks from now on may not please the aesthetic Bangalorean. But it's nothing but the administration pressing the panic button.The directive has been prompted by the increasing pollen count in Bangalore. In fact, the civic agency is clueless on the scale of the threat as no study has been conducted on the city's pollen count for 10 years.After Shripad N Agashe, former head of the botany department and aerobiologist, Bangalore University, retired in 2002, no pollen study was commissioned. Agashe had pioneered pollen-related studies in the city. After his retirement, no similar work has been taken up by researchers.\"From 1973 to 2002, we conducted studies and updated the pollen calendar every year. But that has stopped now,\" Agashe, now 73, told TOI. Agashe published the pollen calendar in national dailies to create awareness among people. A pollen calendar chalks out the time when different plant pollens peak, causing allergies.He visited every nook and corner of the city to research on pollen allergens and came out with a weekly report on which locality was the worst hit by the pollen count. Agashe said he took up the studies on his own volition. Agashe believes the BBMP's blanket ban on flowering saplings is a kneejerk reaction.\"The Palike must screen plants before banning them from its parks. Not every flowering plant has allergic pollens. What BBMP must avoid is plants like Parthenium, Alpizia Lebbeck (Sirsi tree), and Casuarina tree (Gaali mara), which are prolific in pollen allergens. Alpizia Lebbeck and Casuarina trees grow rapidly. I had written to the BBMP to stop growing such plants on either side of the road. Yet Casuarina trees are still seen along Yeshwantpur main road,\" he said.But Dr H Paramesh, peadiatric pulmonologist and director of Lakeside Medical Centre and College, said the pollen count is not as high as it was 10 years ago as the city has become a dense concrete jungle now.\"However, allergic pollens become 50 times stronger when diesel particles or automobile emissions are deposited on them. The lack of a pollen study has left us clueless on the status of the potential of allergens. We doctors do not have any researchers giving us inputs on pollen watch,\" said Dr Paramesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15100161", "title": "Gurdwara agrees to give part of land for BRTS route", "text": "INDORE: A day after lodging protest against the district administration's move of demolishing boundary wall of LIG Gurdwara, committee members of the Gurdwara reportedly reached an agreement with the district administration on Sunday. The gurdwara committee reportedly agreed to part with a portion of land for the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor and district administration, in return, promised to construct new boundary wall and entry gate at the venue. Work on removal of portion of structure is expected to start from Monday.District collector Akash Tripathi achieved a big success in removal of obstacles coming in the way of BRTS project, which had held up the project for last two and half years. With positive outcome on Gurdwara issues, now four religious structures or portions were removed. Now, around 10 religious places coming in the way of project are yet to be removed.The district administration held a meeting with the committee member of the Gurdwara where it was agreed that Gurdwara would give 20 feet land from the LIG Crossing side and 12 feet land from side of nullah. Front boundary wall of Gurdwara will be removed and a new entry gate will be constructed from the nullah side. Right now, the entry gate is from AB Road side. Besides, the Indore Development Authority (IDA) will construct new boundary wall from AB Road side and it will have iron grille so that people passing through AB Road can see inside the Gurdwara. The administration has also promised to construct concrete slab over nullah and arrange for parking of Gurdwara.With the removal of portion of Gurudwara pending work on construction of remaining vehicle lane, cycle tract and footpath will be constructed. However, service road, green belt and outer footpath will not be constructed as it required 40 feet of land and right now Gurdwara is giving only 20 feet of land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15102960", "title": "Why is Asin unhappy?", "text": "Asin is unhappy... and here's why! It seems that actress is concerned that there are many fake profiles of her on the Internet sites such as Facebook and Twitter. The Dasavatharam actress reportedly says, \"I am not there in any such site.\" Currently, Asin is busy with films in the Hindi industry.Adds the Ghajini actress, \"Many fake profiles of mine are circulating. Due to updates there, some people get an impression that I am posting them.\"It looks like Asin wants a lot of time for herself. \"I don't want the whole world to know what I am doing each and every minute,\" is her opinion.The actress has been missing from action from Kollywood for quite a while. She did Kaavalan with Vijay quite a while ago and is now said to be eyeing Tamil too, even as she is busy with her Bollywood flicks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15099129", "title": "Income Tax dept to run mobile vans to reach out to tax payers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Income Tax department is now planning to run mobile vans in the city to reach out to tax payers in the different corners of the city. This has been done after the tax kiosks have been a huge hit. The Income Tax department has organised tax kiosks at different places in the city to help tax payers in filing their I-T returns.\"Though we can not tell the exact number of tax assessees who came at the kiosks right now, as there are two more days to go, but there has been a huge turnout of people,\" said an I-T officer. The department has been organising the kiosks since July 19 at different places in the city.On Monday, the kiosk will be held at SGPGI and on Tuesday at CSM Medical College from 12.00 noon to 4.00 pm. On Monday, the department will finalise the plan to run mobile vans. \"The idea is to reach out to more people,\" said an officer. The department is getting in touch with market associations to find out the locations where maximum tax payers can be reached.The mobile vans will run on two days, in all possibilities, on Tuesday and Wednesday. The final decision on this will be taken on Monday. \"At kiosks we are registering people on 26As and educating them on e-filing. The vans will also do the same job,\" said the officer. However, the number of vans and the duration for which they will be on-road, has to be decided by the department.The last date of filing the returns is July 31. In order to reach out to tax payers in places other than Lucknow, kiosks will be organised at Barabanki and Unnao also. The kiosks have been organised to help people file the returns electronically. In fact, at the kiosks, so far, many tax payers have been helped to file e-returns.Apart from the I-T officers, tax return preparers, professionals authorised by the I-T department to help people file I-T returns free of cost, are also present at the kiosks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15099755", "title": "Higher education department releases sports calendar", "text": "BHOPAL: The higher education department has released the sports calendar for the year 2012-13 here on Sunday. The department has strictly directed the government educational institutions to follow the calendar.According to the department, the college level sports events will start from September 10 while the district level events are scheduled to begin from September 15. Later, the divisional level sports activities will be organised from September 21 whereas the state level events are to start from September 27.The department has selected 22 games in which the competitions will be organised. The divisional sports events will be organised in Bhopal (athletics, volleyball), Gwalior (football, badminton), Indore (basketball, table tennis), Jabalpur (cricket), Rewa (kabaddi, kho-kho), Sagar (chess) and Ujjain (judo).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103615", "title": "Rahman works with Raghav", "text": "A R Rahman is one composer who has always been collaborating with musicians from across the world. That he had an international celebrity like Madonna expressing her wish to work with him is a proof of the esteem in which his peers in the West hold him.Now, the latest musician with whom Rahman has joined hands is Indian origin Canadian singer Raghav, who is best known for his single Angel Eyes... which peaked at number 7 in the UK in 2005.\"Had fun working with @raghavworldwide He is very talented and humorousWishing him all the best for his new album with @ultrarecords USA,\" tweeted the Mozart Of Madras on his micro-blogging page.Though the maestro did not give out details regarding the project in which he has worked on, it is strongly believed that it is for Raghav's single Fire... , for which the musician and the Ultra team are busy prepping a July release across the US and the UK. The single, which can be found on his latest album The Phoenix , has already been certified gold in Raghav's native Canada.Meanwhile, Rahman was recently thanked by internationally-renowned composer Hans Zimmer in the end credits of the latest Batman film The Dark Knight Rises , for which Zimmer has composed the score.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15099831", "title": "Chief minister opens Indian Council for Cultural Relations\u2019 19th regional centre", "text": "PATNA: If the upcoming Nalanda University (NU) in Bihar is destined to pull towards it East Asian and South East Asian nations, like in the past, then can Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) headed by Karan Singh eschew its role in the state of a promoter and facilitator of cultural exchanges and bonding between India, specially Bihar, and these nations?The answer is an obvious 'no', and CM Nitish Kumar realized it without wasting any time.On Saturday, while inaugurating the 19th centre of the ICCR here, he directed building construction department principal secretary Sudhir Kumar to earnestly find the required land for constructing the ICCR complex here in consultation with its senior functionaries.On the occasion, ICCR chief and Rajya Sabha member Karan Singh was also present. The CM also said the state government and he himself would always remain ready to help to see that the ICCR centre in Patna developed and grew into a reputed institution.Earlier, here on Friday, at the inauguration ceremony of the three-day international seminar on 'Civilizational Dialogue between India and ASEAN', he had appealed to Singh to develop the ICCR centre in Patna into a \"good one\" - implying, aesthetically pleasing, and marked by sufficient infrastructural and manpower support to carry out its activities.With the establishment of the ICCR branch here, not only artistic activities would expand and get an edge but artists from the state would also get ample opportunities to show their excellence in art and cultural activities, Nitish said, adding that they would definitely lend their skill and talent to promoting relation with the member countries of ASEAN by dedicated participation in cultural exchange.Pointing out that Bihar has had a glorious past, the CM said that people of the state would take inspiration from the past to rebuild their future.According to him, scholar participants in the three-day international seminar being held here have been referring to the things Indian that had roots in Bihar, a matter of pride and inspiration for the people of the state, and opening of NU itself would spur a number of activities in the state.On the occasion, the chief minister also released the magazine, 'Patna Kalam', brought out by the department of art, culture and sports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15105801", "title": "Pakhi, Rani and Rinku in Ganga Jamna Saraswati", "text": "Three superhit actresses of Bhojpuri movie, Pakhi Hegde, Rani Chatterjee and Rinku Ghosh are coming together in Ganga Jamna Saraswati.The movie is the most expensive movie of Bhojpuri industry till date. Pakhi Hegde is paired opposite Dineshlal; Rani is paired opposite Ravi Kishan and Rinku Ghosh will be seen romancing Manoj Tiwari. This film is produced by Alok Kumar under the banner of Sanyogita Films. The entire industry has high expectations from the film.Source: bhojpuriyacinema.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15099434", "title": "Helping children swim against tide", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For more than three years, Manan Patel (4), spent his days crying in a corner of his house. His doctor-father didn't know how to make Manan, suffering from autism, talk and play like other children. Today, however, he is an avid swimmer, has friends and can't stop talking about school and teachers.Manan is one of many children suffering from various disorders, who are paddling for a better life, thanks to Dr Ketan Patel and swimming coach Amal Upadhyay. In the last 18 months, Upadhyay's team of coaches has used 'swimming therapy' to help children suffering from autism, cerebral palsy, sclerosis, amputation and mental retardation among others.\"Our therapy without a name does wonders. Kids, who couldn't talk earlier. have changed after a few dips,\" says Upadhyay, who quit as a marketing executive to become a full-time swimming coach. He has trained more than 20 children and is working on a special programme for children with disorders.\"Water exercises improve blood circulation and metabolism. Swimming involves all forms of yoga and helps improve functioning of eyes and ears too,\" says Patel. The coaches have seen tears of joy roll down the parents' eyes when their child calls out to them from the pool after four or five years of silence. \"But many parents still try to hide their disabled child,\" Patel says. \"Society should stop treating disability as a stigma.\"(Some names have been changed to protect the identity of the children)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15099965", "title": "IB-police standoff on airport posting", "text": "KOCHI: A stand-off has developed between the Intelligence Bureau and Kerala police on posting personnel to man the immigration counters at the Cochin airport.Nearly 250 officials from the Kerala police, who had been manning these counters before the IB took over the immigration wing early this year, had applied to join the bureau on deputation.The IB had selected 74 of these officials in the first phase and was planning to release another list of 75 people. However, the IB is known to have rejected the names of about 100 state police personnel whose track record were not up to the mark. Meanwhile, some of the leaders of the Kerala Police Association had allegedly persuaded the state home department to clear all the 250 names. At their insistence, the state government officials had informed the Intelligence Bureau that they would only relieve approved officials on deputation if the remaining 100 officials were also taken on board.Now, even those who have been cleared are not officially posted on deputation and are continuing to operate on working arrangement.While the IB has not yet accepted this position, they have also not been able to find adequate staff from within so far.Only 17 personnel, including ministerial staff, from the IB have so far joined the Cochin airport immigration wing, which at present has a sanctioned staff strength of over 300 personnel at various levels. The IB had in fact put out an all-India level notice inviting applications from staff who were ready to work at the Cochin airport.Top officials of the state police sought to undermine the differences and said they had only suggested those state police officials who were working at the immigration counters can be allowed to continue.Around 600 police personnel were required to man immigration counters at the three airports in Kerala, and drawing these many officials from other assignments would be difficult, they said. The Intelligence Bureau officials insist that they were looking for people with better track records.Only 17 personnel from the IB have so far joined the Cochin airport immigration wing, which has a sanctioned staff strength of 300 personnel at various levels. Nearly 250 officials from the Kerala police were manning these counters before IB took over the wing early this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15100019", "title": "Kerala State Road Transport Corporation to start 12 more Kochi services next week", "text": "KOCHI: The motor vehicles department (MVD) has issued permits for 12 KSRTC buses to solve the traffic woes in the city. New Vyttila-Vyttila buses are expected to start services from next week.\"The regional transport authority (RTA) had granted the permits in 2010 and 2011. But the KSRTC couldn't start the services due to shortage of buses then. Now, they are starting the services,'' said T J Thomas, RTO, Ernakulam. \"We have issued them the time schedule as well,'' he said.The KSRTC authorities said that the new services were expected to be launched next week.\"The buses are ready and of the 12 buses, six will be low-floor non-A/C buses. There isn't enough space at the bus station but the work of the yard at Karikkamuri is progressing fast.So, we expect that the services can be started by the end of next week,\" said C Venugopalan, area transport officer, KSRTC, Kochi.In the meeting of RTA held the other day, district collector P I Sheik Pareeth asked KSRTC authorities to ensure that the services are conducted without any disruption.\"As all Thiru-Kochi services began in July 2010, buses have to be taken for renewal of fitness certificate during this month. So, there was a shortage of buses,'' Venugopalan said.\"Of the 40 Thiru-Kochi buses operating from Ernakulam KSRTC station, only five more buses are to get fitness certificates. We expect that the process would be over within a week. Then there will not be any break in the services,'' he said.The buses are ready and of the 12 buses, six will be low-floor non-A/C buses", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104776", "title": "Premgi says he\u2019s no playboy!", "text": "Some recent pictures of Sona and Premgi have surfaced on Twitter. So what's brewing? Premgi has always been to known to party but recent pictures show him going a little overboard with actress Sona. When we asked Premgi about this, he said, \"These pictures are old and I am a fun guy. I don't know why people misunderstand me.\" So is he a playboy? He laughed and said, \"No, I am not. All is I do is play - the play station 3!\" apparently, people who don't know him have been spreading tales about him. Ask him about the Pia Bajpai rumour and he clarifies saying that it was a prank they pulled during the Goa shoot and somehow it stuck on. Premgi has been seen in all of his brother Venkat Prabhu's films and is even known to compose and sing songs. We wonder why this talented guy seems to be known more for his partying ways than for his films. Ennai kodumai saar idhu!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15100399", "title": "Presidential election: For BJP, another blow from within", "text": "BANGALORE: For a party of many factions, finding the suspect bunch which cross-voted in the Presidential election should be an exercise in confusion.Was it the Yeddyurappa faction, the Gowda group, Jarkiholi lot or Karunakara Reddy and his loyals? Cross-voting by the MLAs should not really come as a surprise - former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa had expressed his support for UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee , rather than NDA nominee PA Sangma.After the damage was done, he retracted the statement, saying it was his personal view, that he was bound by the party diktat, and that he would vote for Sangma. Yeddyurappa had made the statement during his campaign to unseat DV Sadananda Gowda.The cross-voting is also being seen as revenge by a group of ministers loyal to Gowda, who was unceremoniously removed as CM on caste lines. Municipal administration minister Balachandra L Jarkiholi and his group of eight MLAs were accused of crossvoting by the Yeddyurappa group during polls to the Upper House. The group, led by excise minister MP Renukach arya, had demanded that the party should not give them ministerial berths, and instead , expel them. As Jarkiholi was close to Gowda, action was not initiated and the issue forgotten as the leadership change issue dominated the scenario.PRICE FOR PORTFOLIOSInsiders in the party suspect the Jarkiholi group of doing Mukherjee a favour as they are unhappy with the portfolios given by chief minister Jagadish Shettar. Around 55 MLAs, including 12 ministers, had expressed support to Gowda the day he was removed as BJP legislature party leader.Jarkiholi squarely denied that he or his group cross-voted for the UPA nominee. \"I haven't done it and won't do it any time. Though I have differences with a few persons in the party, I will never indulge in anti-party activities,\" he said.Though rebel MLA Belur Gopalakrishna has maintained that he is a loyal soldier of the party and voted for Sangma, the party has cast doubts on him and 20 other dissident MLAs, including former minister G Karunakara Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15098903", "title": "South west monsoon revives; Rajasthan experiences moderate showers", "text": "JAIPUR: After a lull of almost a week, the south west monsoon has been revived in the state on Sunday giving respite to people in eastern and northern Rajasthan where mild to moderate showers were experienced.Jaipurities woke up to a pleasant morning with a minimum temperature of 24.3 degrees Celsius, almost one degree below the normal temperature. The afternoon was a bit sultry with humidity levels up to 90 per cent and a maximum temperature of 34.7 degrees Celsius. In the evening, mild showers were witnessed; however, it was scattered all across the city.Pink City witnessed a rainfall of 10.3 mm and the Met office forecast mild to moderate showers for Monday.It may be recalled that the state has been witnessing a dry spell since July 11 as no rain was reported anywhere from the city.The south west monsoon also brought cheers to the farmers in Churu, Jhunjhunu, Sikar, Baran, Kota, Dausa and Karauli districts where good amount of moderate rainfall was witnessed.Rajgarh in Churu district experienced the highest rainfall on Sunday in the state at 11 cm. It was followed by Mangrai, Shahbad, Vanasthali and Nohar that received a rainfall of 8 cm each, Hanumangarh and Baswa 7 cm each, Pilani and Sriganganagar 6 cmseach, Bansur, Karuali and Nadbadi 5 cm each. A rainfall of 3 to 1 cm was also recorded from many places in the state.Attributing the revival of the south west monsoon to the upper air cyclonic circulation and the northerly winds, the Met office said the mild to moderate showers would be witnessed at many places in the eastern and northern Rajasthan in the next 24 hours.The Jaipur Met office said the monsoon activity has strengthened in the state and in the coming week, good amount of rainfall is expected especially in the northern and eastern parts of the state. Western Rajasthan which has been dry so far is also expected to get good amount of rains too.Rainfall at a glanceRajgarh (Churu) - 11 cmMangrai and Shahbad (Baran) - 8 cmHanumangarh and Bawa (Dausa) - 7 cmPilani (Jhunjhunu) and Sriganganagar - 6 cmSeveral other places in the state - 4 cm to 2 cm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15103237", "title": "Captain Lakshmi Sahgal passes away", "text": "KANPUR: Captain Lakshmi Sehgal, who was part of Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose's Indian National Army, died here on Monday following a brief illness.Sehgal (97), breathed her last at a private hospital at 11.20am, her daughter and noted CPM leader Subhashini Ali said.Sehgal, who was ill for some time, was admitted to the hospital on July 19 after she suffered a heart attack at her residence in Civil Lines area here. She was kept on life support system.She was very active during the Independence movement and had commanded the 'Rani of Jhansi Regiment' of the INA formed by Bose.A doctor by profession, Sehgal was working as a medical practitioner and a social worker. She was awarded Padma Vibhushan in 1998.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15099423", "title": "After saving lives, 108 sets out to give vision to blind", "text": "CHENNAI: Riding strong on their popularity, 108 ambulance services after branching out to cater to emergencies for neo-natal babies, will now help blind people.In the event of a death , relatives can call 108 if they wish to donate the eyes of the deceased. Tens of thousands of people in the state live with reversible blindness due to shortage of donor eyes even as many prospective eye donors don't know who to call.According to the 108 plan, the call will be diverted to the nearest eye bank, private or government. A medical team would then go to harvest the eyes. \"We will not be using our ambulance for the service. Since the number 108 is already popular, the government requested us to provide the call centre facility for donating eyes,\" said a source from 108.The system will start functioning in two months across the state. \"We are now in the process of developing the software and identifying eye banks in the city. It will be ready in about 45 days,\" said the source. \"We are still working out the logistics. We plan to put a system of first-come-first-serve for eye banks if the demand from one area is high,\" he said.108's call centre handles around 18,000 calls a day across the state. Officials say the extra calls will not burden their existing system. \"I expect we will get 50 to 100 calls a day,\" said the source.The idea was mooted by a Bangalore-based non-governmental organisation, Nayana Jyothi. \"The country has around 15 lakh blind people who's vision can be fixed with a corneal implant. Last year, there were 75 lakh cases from which cornea could have been harvested. Though there is a potential to bridge this gap, there is no system in place to channelise resources. This system, I hope, will do that,\" said Jayaraman, who founded the NGO.According to data available with the National Programme for Control of Blindness, Tamil Nadu has done well in collecting cornea. While the target for 2011-12 was 8,500, the state as on May 30 collected 8,796 corneas. Last year, the state collected 11,820 corneas against a target of 8,500. Officials say the target is a generic one and the actual demand is higher. \"We are leading in terms of corneas collected, but there is much work to be done. The quality of tissues is important. Only 50% of corneas collected are useable,\" said A P Irungavel, medical sociologist and manager for patient education and counselling for the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104649", "title": "Genes behind common childhood brain tumour identified", "text": "Researchers have identified several gene mutations responsible for the most common childhood brain tumor, called medulloblastoma.The findings by researchers at the Stanford University School of Medicine and Lucile Packard Children's Hospital add evidence to the theory that the diagnosis is a group of genetically distinct cancers with different prognoses.These and accompanying findings are likely to lead to less-toxic, better-targeted treatment approaches over the next two years, the researchers said.\"We tend to treat all medulloblastomas as one disease without taking into account how heterogeneous the tumours are at the molecular level,\" said Yoon-Jae Cho, MD, an assistant professor of neurology and neurological sciences at Stanford, a pediatric neurologist at Packard Children's and the senior author of the new research.\"This paper represents a finer-grained view of the genetic landscape of these tumors and provides us with some leads on how to develop new therapies,\" Cho stated.The research is part of a large, ongoing effort to characterize genetic errors in medulloblastoma.Current treatment for medulloblastoma, which originates in the cerebellum and affects about 250 U.S. children each year, begins with surgery to remove as much of the tumor as possible. Patients then receive a combination of radiation and chemotherapy, but the treatments are not tailored to the tumor's genetic characteristics.Cho's team extracted DNA from 92 medulloblastoma tumors and compared it with DNA from matched blood samples from the same patients, uncovering 12 significant \"point mutations\" \u2014 single-letter errors in the genetic code \u2014 that occurred frequently in the brain cancer. A handful of the mutations had been previously identified in smaller studies of medulloblastoma, but several mutations were novel in both medulloblastoma and in cancer.Among the newly identified mutations was one in an RNA helicase gene, DDX3X, which Cho said is the second-most common mutation in medulloblastoma tumors.\"Mutations in this gene have now also been identified in other tumor types, such as chronic lymphocytic leukemia, and head and neck tumors,\" he said.However, the researchers found that it was rare for the same gene mutated in several different patients' tumors. More commonly, mutations involving a set of genes regulating a single biological pathway were found in the tumors \u2014 a pattern that is emerging across cancer genome sequencing efforts.Though no single tumor in the study carried all 12 mutations, the researchers were able to categorize the tumors according to which mutations they possessed.\"We now understand that there are certain tumors with particular genetic signatures that are really resistant to standard treatments,\" Cho said.Children with medulloblastoma do not routinely have their tumors' genetic signatures characterized, but Cho believes that such characterization coupled with targeted therapies could greatly enhance tumor treatment.About two-thirds of medulloblastoma patients now survive five years past diagnosis, but many survivors suffer lasting physical or intellectual side effects from their cancer treatments. Drugs tailored to a tumor's genetic profile have the potential to save more patients while reducing side effects, Cho said.Several of the mutations discovered affect cellular signals that switch large groups of genes on and off.\"The dysregulation of these 'epigenetic programs' is becoming a common theme not only in medulloblastoma but across cancer,\" Cho said.Such pathways may be good targets for cancer drugs; indeed, drugs targeting one such pathway (histone methyltransferases) are currently in pre-clinical development, while agents against another pathway (Hedgehog signaling pathway) are entering phase-2 clinical trials for medulloblastoma.The research appeared online in Nature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15099898", "title": "Expert for change in cheetahs' diet", "text": "MYSORE: The dietary habits of African hunting cheetah cubs at the Mysore Zoo will now be changed.Expert veterinarian Pampapathi from Bangalore, who on Sunday examined the cubs housed at the zoo hospital, directed the authorities to change their dietary habits and provide special nutritional supplements. Dr Pampapathi was at the zoo following a request by the Zoo Authority of Karnataka, the custodian of the Mysore facility for examining cheetah Maya's cubs who are in focus after two of their siblings died.The cubs were offered chicken and rabbit meat. After the six-year-old Maya died on June 12 due to an infection, two of her cubs have died. Her three cubs, which are being hand-reared since Maya's death, are in focus since July 18 when another cub died.Dr Pampapathi said the cubs are facing problems following the sudden death of their mother.His visit comes ahead of the meeting of the health committee on July 26 which will audit the recent deaths at the zoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15100755", "title": "Panjab University\u2019s new VC to join today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Expressing his will to join as the new vice-chancellor of Panjab University in a low-key affair, Arun Grover will formally assume office on Monday at 9am.Ending speculations of his \"informal interaction\" with the physics department faculty members on Sunday before he formally joins, the new VC has reportedly said he'll be attending to the tasks that needs his attention first.\"He will be dropping in department of physics as he finds time to meet his old colleagues, but there is no informal meeting planned yet,\" said an official at the PU VC office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15100588", "title": "Max Planck Gesellschaft to open international centre", "text": "Max Planck Gesellschaft (MPG) will open an International Centre dedicated to nanosciences at EPFL. With EPFL, the institution will establish the Max Planck-EPFL Centre for Nanosciences and Molecular Technologies. The partnership includes the creation of a laboratory in Lausanne, the organisation of joint summer schools and conferences, and funding for projects and theses that will be co-directed by the two institutions. The agreement was signed on July 16.The principal objective of the partnership is to educate the next generation of scientists in the field of nanosciences. The partnership will have two main axes: fundamental nanosciences, in order to better understand and control the behaviour and interactions of matter at very small scales; and bio-nanotechnological approaches that are promising in areas such as pharmacology.The joint Max-Planck-EPFL Laboratory for Molecular Nanosciences will be the cornerstone of the partnership programme. Located on the EPFL campus, it will initially include one scientist and two PhD students when it opens in early 2013.Twenty PhD students will eventually participate in the partnership and the two institutions are planning to fund six PhD positions on a permanent basis. The theses will be co-directed, which will prepare the next generation of scientists under collaborative conditions between Germany and Switzerland. The programme will also include the same number of postdoctoral researchers.Four Max Planck Institutes in Germany will constitute the core of the partnership with Lausanne.In its first year, the programme's budget will be 960,000 euros and from the third year, 1.4 million euros. The partnership will get off the ground this summer with a first call for proposals for joint projects in the nanosciences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15100163", "title": "Lost &amp; found: 10,000-year-old Africa aquifer can last 400 years", "text": "LONDON: One of the driest areas in sub-Saharan Africa is set to benefit from a newly discovered water source which went unnoticed for 10,000 years and is capable of supplying the area for the next 400 years. The aquifer could bolster development in Namibia with water thought to be cleaner to drink than many of its alternative sources.Scientists say the water is up to 10,000 years old and the amount stored in the new source is enough to cater for north Namibia for 400 years, the BBC News reported.\"The amount of stored water would equal the current supply of this area in northern Namibia for 400 years, which has about 40% of the nation's population,\" said the BBC project manager Martin Quinger.\"What we can say is that the huge amount of stored water will always be enough for a back up for an area that is currently supplied only by surface water,\" Quinger said. \"If the water (has spent) 10,000 years underground, it means it was recharged at a time when environmental pollution was not yet an issue, so on average it can be a lot better than water that infiltrates in cycles of years,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15099499", "title": "Mega projects, mining dominate 6-hr-long Benaulim gram sabha", "text": "MARGAO: In what could be termed as a marathon meeting that lasted for nearly six hours, the first gram sabha of village panchayat of Benaulim witnessed serious deliberations over a host of issues, including mega projects, illegal land filling, garbage menace, mining, environmental degradation, et al.The gram sabha members adopted a resolution to the effect that no group housing projects/multi-housing projects be allowed within the panchayat area \"until the basic infrastructure issues are addressed to the satisfaction of the gram sabha\". The resolution moved by a gram sabha member, Rudolf Barreto, was adopted unanimously.The gram sabha also placed on record its appreciation of the efforts of activist Carmen Miranda \"for briefing a British MP regarding the environmental destruction of Goa being brought about by mining activity\".The gram sabha also adopted a resolution demanding that no filling of low-lying areas, water bodies or nullahs may be permitted by the panchayat in the village, until a thorough scientific study is carried out to look into the issues of flooding and erosion caused due to the siltation of river Sal. It was also decided that the panchayat shall take all necessary measures to ensure that illegally filled lands and water bodies in the village are restored to their original state.Resolutions demanding devolution of powers to panchayats and gram sabhas in light of the recent judgment of the Supreme Court which held that the panchayats could challenge the government authority decisions before the high court, were also adopted at the gram sabha. Benaulim MLA Caetano D'Silva who was also present at the gram sabha, explained to the people the various projects being initiated for Benaulim village, prominent among them being the beautification of the 'komlla tollem'. Sarpanch Royla Fernandes chaired the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15099084", "title": "BDS student hangs herself in hostel", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 21-year-old BDS student of a private dental college allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself in her hostel room in Chinhat on Sunday. The third year student was identified by cops as Ritika Singh, from Sant Kabir Nagar district near Gorakhpur.Police said the exact reason why Ritika took the extreme step could not be ascertained. No suicide note was found from the spot, police said.According to reports, Ritika, who was residing at Saraswati Dental College hostel room number 33, had asked for water from another hostel inmate. When she returned with water after 10 minutes, she found Ritika's door was locked from inside. After failing to get any response from Ritika, she called up other hostelmates who managed to open the door and found Ritika hanging from the ceiling fan rod. The college management then informed police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15098990", "title": "Road digging continues in Nagpur despite mayor's orders", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has not learnt any lessons from the series of mishaps that occurred due to poor condition of roads during last year's monsoon. This year too it has continued with digging of roads even after arrival of monsoon. This is being done despite strict directives by mayor Anil Sole a week ago.Roads are prone to accidents if they are not repaired/ asphalted before monsoon. It is the responsibility of the civic body to ensure that roads are in good condition by undertaking works in pre-monsoon period. However, it seems the NMC thinks the opposite way. It did not bother to repair roads before the arrival of the monsoon, especially busy routes like West High Court road, Central Bazaar road, Great Nag road, ST Stand road etc. Moreover, reclamation of the roads dug up for various purposes was also not done in many parts. Thus, these roads remained in bad condition to make the monsoon miserable for citizens.As if this was not enough, the NMC also allowed digging of roads for various works even after the arrival of monsoon. This includes West High Court road, Ring Road, Abhyankar road, Ramnagar square-Ravinagar square road, Hill Top road, Tukdoji Putla road, Great Nag road, South Ambazari road etc. Now, stretches on these roads have not been concreted or asphalted, putting citizens at a risk.In pre-monsoon meeting held in June, the then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal had directed officials not to take up digging of roads from June itself.Taking cognisance of this situation and following complaints from corporators and citizens, Sole held a meeting last week and directed officials to properly reclaim stretches of roads where digging was done. Sole also directed the officials not to undertake any digging work till the end of monsoon.However, defying Sole's orders, NMC administration has continued with digging roads in some parts, resulting into minor mishaps. Digging work has been undertaken on the road between VRC Square and Shraddhanand Peth Square, near Sole's residence. The road has been dug up on both sides increasing chances of mishaps.Condemning this negligent attitude, corporator Prakash Gajbhiye said citizens from his wards are badly affected. \"Digging work is underway not only on the main roads but also in internal parts of Abhyankar Nagar, Gandhi Nagar, Ramnagar, Hill Top etc. Citizens will have to come out on streets in protest if this continues,\" he said.According to corporator Kishor Gajbhiye, the busy road between Wanjari Nagar water tank and Ajni Police station was dug up a few days ago. \"Concreting on this stretch has not been done till date. But the road from Wanjari Nagar water tank to Tukdoji Putla is being dug up for last couple of days. Even the contractor has not taken permission to cut and dig the road by paying the fees. I will lodge complaint with the police if the same is not corrected,\" he said.Sole told TOI that it is a serious issue if digging work continued despite his orders. \"I will visit these roads and take action against the officials and contractors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15099575", "title": "Police brass anxious over chief minister's review", "text": "PATNA: Senior officers at the police headquarters are in anxious mode ever since they learnt that chief minister Nitish Kumar will review the functioning of their respective departments.All ADGs, who head different departments under the DGP, are burning midnight oil so that they don't falter or get in soup during interaction with the CM, who is considered a hard taskmaster.Recalling an incident, an ADG-rank officer told TOI that at one such meting a few years back, everyone was prepared with figures, including that of year-wise crime, to impress on the CM that the crime trend was coming down. But everyone was stumped when the CM asked, \"When crime graph is showing a southward trend, what is the reason behind rape incidents going up?\" Senior police officers were left looking sideways with no ready reply. A team was then constituted to find out the reason.Once bitten twice shy, they say. No wonder, senior police officials are preparing as if they have to appear in a major examination. One officer was seen finding out total area of the state, and exact length of border with Nepal and states like Uttar Pradesh and Jharkhand. \"You never know what question will the CM fire. So, better prepare for the day,\" he said.The date of review meeting has not been announced. But the police officers have been asked to be in ready mode. They do not know if it would be one-to-one meeting or questions would be tossed in a general meeting with officers.Meanwhile, the CM on Sunday called up the officers of Bihar Fire Service and home guards at his residence, 1 Anne Marg, to review the functioning of Fire Service in the state. He directed the officers to develop a mechanism so that the fire service could reach all those needing it. He also directed to keep fire extinguishers ready in every police station of the state.Apart from chief secretary Navin Kumar and DGP Abhayanand, who also holds the additional charge of fire services and home guards, IG Alok Raj, DIG Malar Vizhi, principal secretary, home, Amir Subhani, principal secretary, health, Vyasji and PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal were also present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15100080", "title": "UK businessmen urge PM to ease student visa norms", "text": "LONDON: British business leaders are increasing pressure on PM David Cameron to loosen the recently hardened immigration policy towards overseas students aspiring to read in UK. In an open letter signed by 37 captains of industry , they wrote, \"The UK is a favoured destination for international students and we Amust protect this position. We, therefore, back the call for international university students to be removed from the domestic net migration statistics for policy purposes.\"The letter published inthe British media has among its signatories Lord Karan Bilimoria of Cobra Beer; Sir Martin Sorrell, WPP head and chairman or chief executive of Centrica, Unilever, KPMG; and, Stephen Carter of Ashridge Business School. Stewards of Institute of Directors and the British Chambers of Commerce, too, have lent their signatures.Cameron is set to water down some of the measures which include scrapping of post-study visa. The businessmen acknowledged that bogus applicants enter in the garb of higher studies; and supported a lockdown on such illegality. Nevertheless, they said, the government should \"send a clear message that genuine international students are welcome to study here (the UK).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15099854", "title": "Cycling a family affair here", "text": "MYSORE: When Prashanth M P, who owns a software firm, and wife Padmini went to a bicycle shop to gift their five-year-old son his dream vehicle, little did they think that they would also fall in love with the eco-friendly gaadi.They were literally spoilt for choice. Keeping in mind the sky-rocketing prices of fuel, they invested Rs 24,000 and brought home three cycles for each of them.\"True, it is fashionable to have a costly bicycle at home. But primary concern is health and fuel prices. During the school and college days,we used to cycle,\" Prashanth, who owns Webnock Technologies, says. The couple's mantra is simple. Use cycles to nearby places; stay fit and save fuel.Though they own cars and motorbikes, 34-year-old Prashanth cycles to his clients' place. Padmini, who is working with the JSS University, is planning to pedal to office.According to Prashanth, parking cycles near shops and parks is not safe. The district administration must provide parking lots for bicycle users, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15098311", "title": "Rs 90 crore for development of 9 villages", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) has got an approval from the state government sanctioning an expenditure of Rs 90 crore for the development of nine villages falling under the corporation limits on Saturday.The municipal corporation will have the responsibility for the progressive development of the villages as well as for providing basic infrastructure like sewerage, water, roads and electricity in the villages.This was after a proposal was sent to the state by the local agency for approving pending orders. The total money sanctioned is Rs 9,012.44 lakh.According to Gurgaon Mayor Vimal Yadav, the orders for collective development of these nine villages - Tigra, Samaspur, Fazilpur, Jharsa, Tigri, Begampur Khatola, Garhauli Khurd, Sihi, Badshapur and Dundahera - had been pending since long.These urban villages comprise not only local population but a large number of migrant labour populations who are engaged in either in the ongoing construction activities around the city or in the industries.Most of these villages have no sewage disposal system and thanks to an unchecked population growth, they are heavily dependent on ground water for their domestic purpose.According to the sanctioned plan, the highest expenditure amount has been sanctioned for Dundahera village, at a sum of Rs 16.65 crore. This village is located near Kapeshera border and has an estimated population of close to 20,000. Begampur Khatola and Garhauli Khurd villages have been sanctioned Rs 8.97 crore and 8.49 crore respectively. Tigra has been sanctioned the lowest amount of Rs 2.63 crore.The move is expected to improve the pitiable living conditions of the villagers as well as the migrant population who have been crying neglect from the corporation ever since these panchayats were taken under the MCG and all funds were transferred to the corporation corpus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15098566", "title": "Peak-hour tariff for industrial power", "text": "NEW DELHI: With electricity demand in the city touching new highs, Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission is looking to power-guzzling industries and commercial sectors for capping consumption. The regulator has introduced time-of-the-day (ToD) metering for non-domestic consumers with a connected/sanctioned load of over 300kW in the new tariff order, with the aim to reduce peak-hour demand.The ToD concept allows for higher tariff during pre-defined peak hours; tariff is lower during the remaining hours as an incentive. \"On a trial basis, the concept has been introduced for consumers with a load of over 300kW,\" said DERC chairman P D Sudhakar.Malls, hospitals, shopping complexes, industries, and commercial complexes will all be covered under the scheme. A senior official said the usage pattern in commercial/industrial sectors will help determine whether ToD can be extended to the domestic category as well. \"Till now, both discoms and domestic consumers have been vehemently opposed to this scheme. We hope that introducing the scheme in commercial/industrial categories will not only help reduce peak-hour electricity consumption, but will also encourage domestic consumers,\" said an official.According to the tariff order for 2012-13, a system of incentives to promote use in non-peak hours and surcharge to discourage peak-hour consumption is expected to reduce requirement of peak power, and thus, reduce overall power purchase costs.\"Power consumption this year has surpassed all expectations and there is an urgent need to take steps for reducing consumption wherever possible. The first step would be to target power-guzzling malls and industries and provide them with incentives to reduce peak-hour usage. In a few months, we will be able to see whether the ToD concept has helped or not,'' said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15102544", "title": "College students held for eve-teasing", "text": "MUMBAI: The RAK Marg police Wednesday night arrested two diploma college students (aged 21 and 19 years) allegedly for misbehaving and eve-teasing a woman while she was riding on her motorcycle at Wadala on July 5 around 4pm. The two accused was tracked down from Sewri and Wadala locality with the help of their Honda Activa scooter registration number on Wednesday. The two were booked for their act around 7pm and an hour later they were arrested.The police carried out an investigation after the Mumbai Commissioner of Police Arup Patnaik ordered the RAK Marg police to conduct an enquiry on the written complaint received from the victim Sheetal Wadekar (name changed), a Wadala resident.Investigators managed to track down the two accused with the help of registration number of Honda Activa scooter (MH 01-1227) which was given to the police by the complainant. \"Based on the partial information of the vehicle the victim provided to us we zeroed in on six Honda Activa scooters that is owned in Central and South Mumbai locality. The owners of the six scooters with similar numbers (MH-01 and MH-02) were called to the police station around 4pm on Wednesday. The victim identified the two college students and even they (accused) recognized the victim. Accordingly they were arrested around 8pm,\" said RAK Marg police senior inspector Balkrishna Garule.According to Wadekar, she and her friends were riding on the motorcycle when the two accused, who were also riding on the same route, misbehaved with her and fled away from the spot. \"The victim, in her complaint, said that two accused teased her by saying \"look old woman\". The accused passed the comments on seeing the victim's grey hair. When she enquired the accused they repeatedly abused her and passed lewd comments,\" said assistant commissioner of police (Sion &amp; Matunga Divisions) Rajdoot Rupwate.The two has been booked under IPC sections for 34 (common intention), 323 (hurt), 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of the peace) and 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman). They were released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15099601", "title": "Principal died of excess bleeding: Police", "text": "PATNA: The post-mortem report of slain school principal, Nilam Sharma, states that she died of excessive bleeding due to multiple injuries on her chest and lungs.Nilam sustained grievous injuries after a group of criminals barged in her school cum house, known as Mathura Lodge, at Rajiv Nagar on July 20 and mercilessly assaulted her. Later, they escaped with cash and valuables. The injured Nilam was admitted to a private nursing home, where she succumbed to her injuries.City SP, Patna , Jayant Kant on Sunday said the post-mortem report stated that she sustained internal injuries which led to excessive bleeding. She died due to haemorrhage and shock as the criminals had hit her hard on abdomen and chest.The City SP said police have detained nine persons for interrogation in this connection. Raids were on to arrest the assailants. He said on Saturday, DSP (law &amp; order) Vivekanand and DSP (town) Manoj Tiwary had searched the hutments close to Mathura Lodge to elicit information whether the assailants were known to anyone of them. The local police are investigating the case with all possible angles, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15099145", "title": "Gujarat riots: Dipda Darwaza case verdict likely on July 30", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A designated court is likely to pronounce its verdict on July 30 against 83 people, including a sitting Gujarat BJP MLA, accused of killing 11 members of a family at Dipda Darwaza area in Mehsana district in the aftermath of the 2002 Godhra train carnage. \"Designated Judge S C Srivastava has set July 30 for the pronouncement of judgment in the case,\" said special prosecutor Mukesh K Brahmabhatt.A mob had killed 11 members of a single family, including two children and a 65-year-old woman, on March 1, 2002 of Visnagar town in Mehsana district. Initially charges had been framed against 83 persons, but later the court allowed the application of the complainant, Mohammad Iqbal Baloch, listing BJP MLA Prahlad Gosa and former investigating officer of the case M K Patel, as additional accused in the case taking the total number to 85. ptiWhile the court ordered a juvenile court to run the trial of one of the accused who was found to be minor at the time of the crime, another accused died during the course of trial.\"The verdict will be pronounced against 83 accused who have been charged under sections 302 (murder), 307 (attempted murder), 323, 324, 325 (causing grievous hurt with deadly weapons), 367 (kidnapping in order to cause grievous hurt) of Indian Penal Code among other sections,\" said Brahmabhatt.Dipda Darwaja is one of the nine cases, including the Godhra train burning case, which were probed by the Special Investigation Team on orders of the Supreme Court. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15098314", "title": "9 snakes rescued ahead of Nag Panchami", "text": "HYDERABAD: The anti-poaching squad of the forest department along with organisations working for animal welfare have their hands full with action plans devised to track down snake charmers and rescue snakes ahead of Nag Panchami on July 24.Authorities who are taking all necessary steps including visiting the major activity hubs of snake charmers and stationing men at bus stations across the city, said that this time the number of snake charmers has reduced significantly. Mahesh Agarwal, member of Animal Welfare Board and founder of Sahyog, an animal protection organization, said, \"So far, we have managed to rescue nine snakes -- five from Karmanghat, two from Rajendranagar, one from Shivarampally and another from Kattedan. Of these snakes, three were cobras and one a rat snake.\"\"Every year by this time we usually manage to nab around 20 snake charmers. This year the number is very low.\" Talking about the steps being taking to keep snake charmers in check, he said that teams of officials have been visiting areas considered the den of snake charmers, such as Esamia Bazaar, Dhoolpet, Gulzar Houz, Ibrahimpatnam, Alwal, Secunderabad Clock Tower and Monda Market. He further added that they have manned major bus terminals like the Imliban bus stand and Jubilee bus stand to nab snake charmers coming from districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15100982", "title": "2 killed as train hits tractor at unmanned crossing", "text": "Two persons were killed on the spot as a running train hit a tractor at an unmanned railway crossing near Mansa on Sunday. Manga Singh of Sher Khan village, along with another person, was going towards Mansa when the Ferozepur-Hisar passenger train hit their tractor at the unmanned crossing No C-203 near Jawaharke village. The collision was so strong that the tractor was thrown to a distance, resulting in both the persons dying on the spot. The other person has not been identified yet. The mishap occurred at about 12 noon and train had to halt for about an hour before resuming journey.Man among 5 held for killing parents: Bathinda Police on Sunday arrested five persons for killing an elderly couple in Mour village of this district. Among those arrested is the deceased couple's son Malkit Singh and his wife Jaswinder Kaur. The couple had hired Nirmal Singh, Dharmender and Sikender to kill Mahender Singh, 70, and Gurmeet Kaur, 65, for their property. The assailants had used batons to kill the victims on Friday night.BJP to protest fertilizer price hike: Former BJP president Rajnath Singh on Sunday attended a \"krishi sammelan\" to deliberate upon the spiraling prices of agriculture inputs in the country. Speaking on the occasion, Singh said that farmers will agitate on August 8 in all districts across the country against the spiraling rates of fertilizers. \"We will agitate in Delhi on August 21 at Jantar Mantar. But before that, farmers will agitate in their respective districts on August 8,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15099882", "title": "Ethnically Bengali, politically man of the Centre", "text": "Selecting the greatest Indian since the Mahatma was always a daunting project in a pathologically argumentative country. But for the organizers of this exercise, there were two particularly awkward moments and both, predictably, were Bengali creations.First, there was the legitimate query, as to why Satyendra Nath Bose, after whom the 'boson' of the Higgs boson or \"God particle\" derives its name, was not considered. Secondly, there was the inevitable question: why has Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose been omitted? The organizers could hardly respond that Netaji died in 1945 in an air-crash because that would have resurrected the controversy over his death\u2014a controversy not lacking in conspiracy theories. Strange as it may appear to outsiders, a huge section of Bengalis are inclined to view the history of the past 100 years as a monumental conspiracy by first, the British, and then a Delhi-centric political class, to deny them recognition and justice. This colourful saga of unending victimhood that has created a permanently aggrieved people, is personified by the mercurial Mamata Banerjee .When the diminutive Pranab Mukherjee, dressed hopefully in his hallmark dhoti rather than an incongruous achkan-churidar, takes his oath of office on Wednesday morning, will the Bengali sense of hurt be assuaged? Will the first Bengali in Rashtrapati Bhavan be seen as the Congress party's atonement for Subhas Bose's removal as Congress president by a wily Mahatma Gandhi in 1939? That incidentally was the last occasion a Bengali made it to the very top. There are few reasons to believe that Bengalis will melt in gratitude at being finally offered this ceremonial lollipop. In an interview last month on TV, Mamata was asked about her views of Pranab\u2014a \"son of Bengal\"\u2014 as the next President of India. \"Son of Bengal?\" she asked incredulously, \"He is a son of the world.\"The message couldn't have been clearer. To the rest of India, Pranab babu with his unmistakable Bengali accent may be the quintessential bhadrolok. In a cultural sense he undoubtedly is. Politically, however, his roots have never been in state politics but in Lutyens' Delhi. Ethnically he is a Bengali but politically he is a man of the Centre.To Bengal this matters. The tallest Congress leader of Bengal was, by a long shot, Dr B C Roy who was chief minister from 1948 to 1962. His fame stemmed not only from his legendary skills as a medical doctor or his no-nonsense style. Dr Roy is regarded as the man who gave West Bengal whatever little post-Independence economic development it experienced. From the steel plant in Durgapur, the barrage in Farakka and the development of Salt Lake , most of the public investment in Bengal is attributed to Dr Roy.The only person who came close to the legendary chief minister was A B A Ghani Khan Choudhury who, as railways minister, nurtured the development of his home district of Malda. The reputation of Barkat Da, as he was affectionately called, has invariably been juxtaposed with that of Pranab babu\u2014and the results have not been edifying for India's President-designate.Politically, Mukherjee was always of greater significance than the portly patriarch from Malda. Yet, it has been suggested that he didn't leverage his enormous clout at the Centre to do anything special for Bengal. In a phoney war between a proud people and a heartless imperial authority, Mukherjee has often been painted as a collaborator.The dominant intellectual current in Bengal has never been separatist. Despite the endless of charges of discrimination by the Centre, Bengalis haven't even considered a future outside India. Yet, ironically, the folk heroes of Bengal have invariably been upholders of local pride. Chittaranjan Das and Bose were hero-worshipped for their sacrifice and, above all, their opposition to Gandhi; Dr Roy was admired because he kept Nehru (who he addressed as Jawaharlal) at an arm's length; Jyoti Basu earned respect for being culturally detached from the Hindi heartland; and Mamata is indulged because she doesn't care a fig for authority. By contrast, Pranab Mukherjee has got where he is by playing by the rules set by lesser beings in Delhi. In Bengal, that makes him an oddball.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15098765", "title": "Armed miscreants attack, rob teacher", "text": "NAGPUR: A 35-year-old woman was attacked and robbed by two armed goons at Ashok Nagar on Saturday evening. Chhaya Shinde, a teacher by profession, was heading towards a doctor's clinic with her son on foot when she was robbed. Police have rounded up the main accused in the case.This is the second such case in city within a couple of days. Earlier, a senior citizen was stabbed by robbers before decamping with his two-wheeler and a cash of Rs800 at Shastri Layout on Jaitala Road. Rana Pratap Nagar police are still clueless.Two-bike borne robbers, one of them identified as Dadu Ingle, took Chhaya and her son by surprise by demanding valuables from them. Chhaya initially tried to resist the robbers. Police said Ingle brandished a knife and attacked Chhaya, injuring her left hand fingers. The robbers decamped with Chhaya's purse in which she had kept Rs16,000 in cash, to be paid to a colleague.Chhaya and some passers-by resisted robbers before they fled the spot. They also noted down Ingle's bike registration number (MH 40 M 3805). Sources in Pachpaoli police station said Ingle had criminal record till 2009. He was also involved in robberies.Sub-inspector Nitin Levarkar said police nabbed Ingle while his accomplice is still at large. Police have started the formality of arrest and recovery of the robbed booty from Ingle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15100017", "title": "Corp, motor vehicles department to seek more Kochi permits for autos", "text": "KOCHI: The motor vehicles department (MVD) and the corporation have decided to seek government approval for issuing more permits to autorickshaws.According to officials, MVD authorities can issue only up to 4,000 city permits. To issue additional permits, the department will have to obtain government approval.Ernakulam regional transport officer (RTO) T J Thomas said the corporation and department would jointly write to the government in this regard.\"We have already discussed the issues with the mayor and have forward a note to the corporation which would eventually send the letter to the government,\" he said.Thomas said once the state government gives its approval, the corporation would make a list of autorickshaws for which permits have to be issued.\"Based on the list, we will issue permits to autos plying in the city after motor vehicle inspectors inspect these vehicles,\" RTO said.When contacted, mayor Tony Chammany said the letter would be forwarded to the government in a couple of days. \"A final list of auto stands and autos eligible for permits will be finalized in the meeting on July 24,\" said mayor. The RTO, in the meanwhile, said many trade unions were trying to exploit this situation and promising auto drivers city permits.\"We have come across several notices distributed by trade unions calling for a meeting of auto drivers who require city permits. We have initiated an inquiry into the incident and action will be taken if required,\" Thomas said.According to officials, MVD authorities can issue only up to 4,000 city permits. To issue additional permits, the department will have to obtain government approval", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15099110", "title": "Six booked for abetting tax officer's suicide", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Six persons have been accused of driving another sales tax officer to suicide. The accused include the in-charge regional transport officer of Rajkot and four sales tax officers.The case pertains to Harshad Pandya, 49, who, allegedly oppressed by the accused, hanged himself to death at his home in Shastrinagar on June 24. A complaint of abetment to suicide was lodged with Naranpura police on Sunday.At the time of suicide, Pandya's wife Neelam and son were not at home. Neelam told police that Pandya was very tense for the last four months. However, she could not tell the reason.When police searched Pandya's house they recovered a suicide note. The note was addressed to joint commissioner of police Ajay Tomar. Pandya named his six tormentors and accused them of mental harassment and threats to kill him. Pandya also alleged that they had forced him to sign a letter detailing some corrupt practices in his office. The group continued to hound him even after he paid them. Pandya stated this as the reason for his suicide.The six who were named by Pandya are - in-charge RTO of Rajkot D R Patel, a resident of Sola; fake journalist Anil Patel, who stays in Nava Vadaj; and four sales tax officers - Navin Mehta, Harshad Patel, Mahindra Prajapati, and Raju Sandya.\"We first sent the letter for forensic examination. A couple of days back we got the report confirming that it was indeed Pandya's suicide note. After this the six were booked for abetment to suicide,\" said a Naranpura police official.The fake journalist used to be supplied with information by the five others on corrupt practices in various government offices. Anil Patel used to file an RTI application on the basis of this tip-off and then mount pressure on the targeted officer. Later, the other five gang members used to get involved in the deal posing as mediators and well-wishers of the victim.Finally, the five used to get the victim to sign a written confession with the promise that they shall mediate on the matter with Patel. Then this letter was used to force the victim to pay up hefty sums. to keep the matter under wraps. Pandya, who used to earlier work at RTO Ahmedabad, too was blackmailed in this manner. \"Though he paid the blackmailers once, the six continued to blackmail him,\" said a cop. Sales tax office sources said that in the past too, some written complaints were made against the six and their blackmailing tactics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098405", "title": "Horses tied up at Dadar beach battle rising tide", "text": "MUMBAI: Acting on a tip-off that several horses being used for Victorias have been tied up at Dadar chowpatty by their owners, animal rights activists rushed to the spot on Sunday and were shocked to see at least 10 horses battling the rising sea waves at high tide.\"The horses are regularly left tied up at the Dadar beach, which is cruel and illegal. During the monsoon, the tide rises much higher than normal and these animals struggle to stay afloat. They don't even have proper stables to relax in,\" said Rachel Koyama of the Mumbai for Horses citizens' movement.Mumbai for Horses has already collected over 10,000 signatures of Mumbaikars in order to pressurize authorities to ban Victorias in the city.\"The handlers of the horses tied on the beach got aggressive when we tried to take pictures of the mess, as they know what they are doing is illegal. These horses are forced to pull Victoria carriages all day, and then made to 'rest' like this. Many of them have skin infections and maggots on their hoofs as they are exposed to muck and saline water,\" said activist Ambika Hiranandani.Koyama has now sent a complaint letter along with the pictures to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) and the Bombay Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (BSPCA) in order to rescue these horses from their current, despicable condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15100011", "title": "Madhya Pradesh govt invites Maruti-Suzuki to state", "text": "INDORE: At a time when Maruti-Suzuki, India's car major, declared a lock-out at its Manesar plant in Haryana following a workers' violent protest and the death of an official, the Madhya Pradesh government has written to the auto firm inviting it to set up its plant in the state.Talking to TOI, Kailash Vijayavargiya, the state industry and information technology minister, said, \"We have written to the company in this connection and awaiting a reply from them. We are ready to offer 4,000-5,000 acre of land to the company in 2-3 districts of the state. Also, we have sent a copy of state's automotive policy to them.\"If things work out well and Maruti-Suzuki accepts the invitation of the state government, it will be a major boost to the economic growth of the state, the minister said. In order to attract more investment to the state, the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government is gearing up to hold the global investors' meet in Indore in October this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15098687", "title": "Torrential rain inundate over 30 villages in Yavatmal", "text": "YAVATMAL: Torrential rain since Saturday midnight have either marooned or cut off over 30 villages from the rest of the district. District administration has started evacuating people from these villages to safer locations and also distributing food packets and drinking water.According to district collector, Ashwin Mudgal, at least 30 villages in Arni, Darwha, Yavatmal and Ralegaon tehsils are flooded. People from eight villages have been shifted to safer places since Sunday morning, he said.\"The bridge between Yavatmal and Arni at Yeola village is submerged. Same is the case with the bridge between Arni and Mahur. As a result, Arni town and surrounding villages are cut off from the rest of the district,\" Mudgal said. The administration has also alerted villages along banks of major rivers and nullahs so that people can be evacuated in time.Several trees have been uprooted while many houses in low lying areas are under water. \"No casualty has been reported so far and damages are yet to be ascertained,\" the collector added.The flood situation in Arni and Yavatmal Tehsil remains unchanged while water is reportedly receding in Darwha, Ralegaon and other parts of the district. Heavy rains are still lashing most of the affected villages.\"Till 8am on Sunday, the district recorded 70-75mm average rainfall but it picked up afterwards causing flooding of many areas,\" Mudgal said adding that a final report is awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15105365", "title": "Seminar on importance of quality in laboratories", "text": "PUNE: The Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) in association with The National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories (NABL) and the Indian Medical Association (IMA) organised a seminar on the importance of quality in lab practice at the IMA House here on July 22.Laboratories including Metropolis Healthcare Ltd., Lal Pathlabs and Oncquest Laboratories came on a common platform with an aim to maximise excellence in laboratory services, under the banner of FICCI diagnostic committee chaired by Ameera Shah managing director and chief executive officer, Metropolis Healthcare Ltd.Jatinder Bhatia, chief oflab services North India, Metropolis Healthcare Ltd, conducted panel discussion to reiterate the need for customer satisfaction, quality, accreditation, regulations and standardisation of lab services in India.Bhatia said \"NABL accreditation for a laboratory is equivalent to an ISI mark on manufactured goods. However with awareness about the importance of accreditation lacking amongst the users of lab services, government needs to take necessary steps to ensure that lab accreditation is made mandatory.\"The concepts of the NABL were elaborated on by speakers like Devaki Devi, grade one accreditation officer, NABL and Uttara Joshi, consultant pathologist, Golwilkar Metropolis Health Services (I) Pvt. Ltd.Such seminars will be held in different cities on regular basis to sensitise physicians who are the key stakeholders in these laboratory services for their patients.The size of pathology industry in India is around Rs 10,000 crore and out of this about Rs 1000 crore is handled by organised sector comprising handful of top laboratories. The remaining 90% of the work is handled by the unorganized fragmented sector.Among the 50,000 pathology and diagnostic labs in India, only 300 laboratories are accredited by NABL or College of American Pathologists (CAP) which symbolizes a benchmark of quality in laboratory medicine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15102618", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee is the apt man for the post: Prosenjit Chatterjee", "text": "Tollywood is happy as Pranab Mukherjee is the first Bengali to become President.I feel proud as Pranab Mukherjee is the first Bengali to become President. It is a historic moment for us. All through his political career he's held important ministerial portfolios and I am sure that as President too, he will make his mark felt. Let Bengal celebrate his victory in a grand way Soumitra Chatterjee, ActorI don't have words to express my joy for Pranab Mukherjee. He is the apt man for the post. To him age is just a number. It's just amazing how he works day in and day out at this age. I know Pranabdapersonally and respect him greatly as he's very down to earth Prosenjit Chatterjee, ActorI am happy and proud today. Pranab Mukherjee's long years in Indian politics makes him the most suitable man for this post. His winning by such a big margin is also something to be cherished by all Bengalis. I wish him all the best in his new role Prabhat Roy, DirectorHis road to Rashtrapati Bhavan is something all Bengalis should be proud of. For me, it is a little more, as we both are 'Mukherjee'. The tag 'first Bengali President' before his name is itself a high. As a finance minister he was very efficient and as President, too, he will do wonders S rijit Mukherji, DirectorCan there be any news better than this? A Bengali becoming President and that too a popular leader of the stature of Pranab Mukherjee! I feel proud. I met Pranabdaat a function long time back and realized that he is a man with a sea of knowledge, but is also extremely humble  Rituparna Sengupta , ActorIt is a glorious moment for all Bengalis. I've known him for a long time and there couldn't have been a better candidate. When we used to campaign together, Pranabda would say, \"Let me speak first. If you speak before me, the crowd will vanish.\" He has a subtle sense of humour Satabdi Roy, Actor And MpCompiled by Ruman Ganguly", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098688", "title": "Stone-pelting near Andheri station after hawkers clash", "text": "MUMBAI: Two hawkers\u2014Ayub Yakub Chauhan (31) and Afsar Nisar Baig (52)\u2014were arrested outside Andheri (W) station on Sunday for creating a ruckus and assaulting each other.\"Hawkers were setting up stalls on Sunday for Ramzan when a scuffle broke out. This led to stone-pelting and three persons were hurt,\" said shopkeeper Roshan Lal Joshi.The spot where Sunday's incident took place was outside Dev Laxmi stores, where Roshanlal Joshi was bashed by hawkers in September, 2011. Joshi used to oppose illegal hawkers, who blocked the front of authorized shops. The BMC had given the choice of adopting footpaths in front of shops to ensure encroachers don't return. But the proposal never saw the light of day as shopkeepers refused to beautify the footpaths. \"The K(west) United Federation chose to adopt footpaths after the BMC beautifies it. But the ward officer said there was no fund for it,\" said Aftab Siddique, member, K(w) United Federation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104299", "title": "Mirattal ready to hit screens", "text": "The Vinay and Santhanam starrer will release on August 2. The director, Madhesh, guarantees that the audience can be assured of entertainment in the film. It is said that the movie will be a laugh riot from the first scene till the end. The chemistry between Vinay and Santhanam will be talked about, according to sources in the unit.This is not the first time that Vinay and Santhanam are teaming up; they already rocked in Jayamkondan . It's said that Mirattal will be a landmark in their performance and that Santhanam will steal the show.While the music of the flick is by Pravin Mani, the leading lady is Sharmila Mandre.Although it is high on comic element, the flick is also said to have elaborate fight sequences. These have been shot at London's famous landmarks and the cinematography in these segments will be good as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15099516", "title": "Decision on new party in 10 days: Keshubhai Patel", "text": "VADODARA: BJP dissidents will take a decision to float a new political party in the next 10 days and the new front will contest all 182 seats, former chief minister (CM) Keshubhai Patel said here on Sunday.\"In next 10 days, we will decide whether to float a new party or join MJP,\" said Patel, addressing media persons after the sammelan, adding that this front will contest all the 182 assembly seats with public support.Patel was in the city to attend the fifth 'Parivartan sammelan' organized by detractors of chief minister Narendra Modi said this here on Sunday.Besides attacking Modi, Patel even targeted central BJP leaders L K Advani and former party president M Venkaiah Naidu in his speech at Sir Sayajirao Nagargruh in Akota. Former chief minister Suresh Mehta, former union minister Kashiram Rana , president of Mahagujarat Janta Party (MJP) Gordhan Zadaphia among others were present at the event.Ahead of the sammelan, Zadaphia on Saturday had hinted that a new political party may not be formed and dissidents may eventually become a part of the MJP as there was little time to form a new party.Patel said both Advani and Naidu had promised him in 2006 that they will change Modi.\"I had undergone knee operation but they had insisted that I should reach Mumbai where the core committee had held its meeting. During tea break, both of them came to meet and informed me that the core committee had already taken the decision to remove Modi in two months. Later, however they did not keep their promise on changing leadership in Gujarat,\" said Patel.The senior BJP leader reiterated that Modi had \"blackmailed\" the top brass of BJP to secure the chief minister post for himself. \"He had threatened to commit suicide by staging a hunger strike at Advani's residence,\" he said.Interestingly, a group of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) workers also attended the function that witnessed presence of former minister and retired IPS officer Jaspal Singh who was suspended from BJP last year, veteran RSS pracharak and former national convener of Swadeshi Jagran Manch Lalji Patel and president of Gujarat Rajya Shala Sanchalak Mandal Ambubhai Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15099558", "title": "Madurai cops arrest notorious gang", "text": "MADURAI: District police arrested a notorious gang of robbers recently who were experts in chain-snatching. Their targets were women and couples riding two-wheelers. The gang was also into murders for gain. The members were nabbed in a special operation ordered by the district police, under pressure to solve pending cases of murder, burglaries and chain-snatching in the district.During intensified surveillance by the police, they caught hold of two persons in Thirumangalam on Saturday under suspicion and their interrogation revealed that one among them was the kingpin behind a number of chain snatchings and burglaries. The kingpin, V Duraimurugan from Pudukkottai district, and his accomplice R Mohan from Aruldaspuram in Madurai were arrested by police. Further investigation revealed that K Karnan from Ramanathapuram, E Arumugam alias Das from Tirunelveli and R Ravi, younger brother of Mohan, were the other gang members. Together, they were involved in more than 25 violent crimes in the city and district limits including murders for gain.Addressing media persons on Sunday, Madurai SP V Balakrishnan said the modus operandi of the gang was to attack women and couples riding two wheelers or women walking alone. \"They used to follow victims for some distance and intercept them to rob them of their ornaments by threatening. If unable to snatch jewels by this method, they rammed the two-wheelers, making the riders fall to the ground and then snatching their valuables,\" he said. The gang was involved in nine cases of chain-snatching and robberies in the city limits and 15 cases in the rural limits. \"In an incident at Chittampatti, a woman was killed as she sustained serious injuries when the gang attacked her and her husband on a two wheeler, just for their gold ornaments,\" the SP said.Recently, the gang managed to snatch 56 sovereigns of gold ornaments from a girl in Thirumangalam who was the daughter of a sub-inspector. This led to the formation of special teams to nab the culprits. The special teams were led b ASP Myilvahanan. The arrest of Duraimurugan and his accomplices on Saturday was a major breakthrough, the police said.\"They bought powerful Yamaha motorcycles for the sole purpose of chain-snatching and managed to snatch away 200 sovereigns of gold ornaments from victims over the last six months. They had handed over all the gold jewels to R Suresh from Kakkathoppu in Madurai. All of them including Suresh have been arrested by the police. We have seized 200 sovereigns of gold and motorcycles from the gang,\" Balakrishnan said. A number of murders and theft cases are pending against Duraimurugan, Karnan and Arumugam in Tirunelveli, Tuticorin and Tiruvannamalai districts, the police said. SP Balakrishnan appreciated the special team for arresting such a notorious gang.Strange sentiment of the gangIn spite of being notorious criminals who had not hesitated to kill for valuables, the gang seemed to be wanted to steer clear of women travelling with children. The gang, especially the kingpin Duraimurugan had a special sentiment towards women and couples riding with children and chose only single women riders or couples, the police said.Recently, Duraimurugan happened to come across a woman and child standing on the road during late hours in Thirunagar as the two-wheeler they were travelling in got punctured. The woman's husband had to leave them to fix the tyre. He helped the mother and child by dropping them in a safe place and returned to help the husband fix the vehicle, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15102146", "title": "Amarnath Yatra: Nine pilgrims die; toll touches 97", "text": "SRINAGAR: Nine more pilgrims, including a couple from Odisha, died en route to the 3,880-metre high holy shrine of Amarnath in south Kashmir Himalayas during the last 24 hours, taking the death toll in the ongoing yatra to 97.Raghunath Singh and Umesh Shah from Punjab and Lalita Daand from West Bengal died at a hospital after developing complications during the yatra, officials said on Sunday.H P Buryani (65), a resident of Madhya Pradesh, died of heart attack at Baltal.The bodies of two unidentified Sadhus were recovered from camps near the holy cave and at Panjtarni on the traditional Pahalgam route.A pilgrim couple from Orissa, identified as Lakhsmi Priya Sanapati and Kulmani Sanapati, died in an accident near Pathan Colony at Zakoora in the outskirts of the city, the officials said.Fifty-year-old Ram Babu, a resident of Maharashtra, died of cardiac arrest at Railpathri on shorter Baltal route.Concerned over the rising number of casualties and lack of basic amenities, the Supreme Court had on July 20 set up a high-powered panel to recommend measures to prevent more deaths.Jammu and Kashmir governor and the chairman of Shri Amarnath Shrine Board would chair the panel and submit its report by August 10.Officials said the yatra was going on smoothly and so far over 5.75 lakh pilgrims have offered prayers at the cave shrine housing the naturally formed ice 'shivlingam' since the pilgrimage commenced on June 25.A total of 5,64,179 pilgrims had visited the cave shrine by last evening, the officials added.The Amarnath yatra will conclude on August 2, coinciding with Raksha Bandhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15102747", "title": "Guwahati molestation case: Prime accused Amar Jyoti Kalita traced near Kolkata", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amar Jyoti Kalita, the prime accused in the Guwahati molestation case, has been traced to a location near Kolkata, TV channels reported.Police have announced Rs one lakh cash award for information on the whereabouts of main accused Amar Jyoti Kalita.The special investigation team of state police, entrusted with the case, has sent two-three teams outside Assam to trace Kalita.12 persons have been arrested so far on the charge of being involved in the molestation.The incident took place July 9 when a 17-year-old girl, who was looking for an auto, was molested by a mob. It was caught on camera and went viral on the net. It also flashed across various news channels and caused outrage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15102297", "title": "Ayushman Khurana to shoot for Ravan Leela", "text": "For his debut film, Ayushman Khurana chose to portray an offbeat character, that of a sperm donor. Looks like the actor's fascination for the unconventional has carried forth to his second venture - the first co-production of Ramesh Sippy (Ramesh Sippy Entertainment Pvt Ltd) and T-Series honcho Bhushan Kumar.We spotted the actor shooting for the mahurat shot of the Rohan Sippy directed movie outside Metro Cinema in Marine Lines, sporting long tresses and wearing what appeared to be a knight's cape.With Ayushman, was Kunal Roy Kapoor dressed as a new age Hanuman and holding an ornate club. \"They started shooting past midnight on Saturday. It continued till Sunday afternoon. The scene revolved around Ayushman's character visiting the theatre to act in a play,\" an eyewitness revealed. With a big banner that read Ravan Leela behind, we could only imagine what the play must've been like.Apart from the director, producer Bhushan Kumar was also present on the sets for the mahurat shot of his venture.Apart from Ayushman and Kunal, newcomer Pooja Salvi, who makes her debut with the film, was also present on the first day of shoot. Draped in a white and red saree, Pooja was seen riding a scooter with Kunal as the pillion rider.The film is a remake of the French film Apres Vous. It is co-written and directed by Pierre Salvadari.- Raju Shelar and Mehul S Thakkar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15106218", "title": "'No Entry Mein Entry' to have nine heroines", "text": "Director Anees Bazmee's sequel to 'No Entry' will have a plethora of heroines and three male leads - Salman Khan , Anil Kapoor and Fardeen Khan , who will play double roles.The film titled 'No Entry Mein Entry' is a sequel to the 2005 hit comedy film 'No Entry' in which all the leading men will play double roles and to accompany them there will be nine heroines.\"As far as the heroes are concerned, we have not changed the star cast - Salman, Anil and Fardeen will be part of the sequel. But they will have double roles. We would have as many as nine heroines in the film but I can't reveal much, as we are on the final stage of scripting,\" Bazmee told PTI.\"With double roles and nine heroines there will be more misunderstanding, confusion...all this will lead to a humorous situation,\" he said.'No Entry' featured Salman, Anil, Fardeen, Esha Deol , Lara Dutta and Bipasha Basu in the lead.\"We might retain few actresses from the first part. There will be established heroines and one or two newcomers. But it is too early to confirm anything now. We will reveal their names hopefully by next month,\" Bazmee said.\"All the nine heroines have a good and concrete role in the film. The script demands nine heroines...it is not like they are just there for the heck of it,\" he said.The director is likely to finish with his script in another 15-20 days.\"As the film has a huge star cast so we want to lock the dates of all of them before we go on floors. The shooting will start either by the end of this year or early next year,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15099237", "title": "Aspirations build civilizations: Narayana Murthy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Hopes ran high and optimism was in the air as Indian Institute of Technology-Gandhinagar (IIT-Gn) held its first convocation on Sunday at the campus of Vishwakarma Government Engineering College, Chandkheda, where the institute is functioning since 2008. The new campus for the institute is on anvil.N R Narayana Murthy, chairman emeritus of Infosys Technologies , was the chief guest who presided over the convocation of 86 students of chemical, electrical and mechanical engineering.In his address, Murthy called the attention of the students that they were graduating at a time when India is the cynosure of all eyes. \"The world expects India to be one of the leaders to solve global problems of politics and economics. India sits at the high table in most multilateral deliberations. What India says is heard with attention and seriousness,\" he said.He exhorted the students to develop high aspirations in matters of public good and pointed out that aspirations build civilizations. He wished the IIT-Gn to become number one among all the IITs within a decade.The graduating batch comprised of 20 students from Chemical Engineering, 41 from Electrical Engineering, and 25 from Mechanical Engineering.Sudhir Jain, director of the institute, gave an overview of the journey from its inception and future plans. He hoped to get the new campus ready for the students in near future and stated that despite all odds, the institute has made name for itself in a very short span with research and development, collaboration with top universities and institutes in India and abroad and innovative activities for students.\"I am often asked, what is the biggest challenge in front of IIT-Gandhinagar, and my answer is always the same - how to convince different stake-holders that the institute has the potential to be a great university that the country and the world will look up to,\" he said. He also remembered R A Mashelkar, first director of the institute, on the occasion.While the institute has a very less number of Gujarati students in the first batch, a few Gujaratis were happy to have an IIT at their doorstep.\"I was a bit skeptical about the institute when I was asked to give my preference after IIT-JEE in 2008. I gave Gandhinagar as one of the choices as given the fact that Vadodara is my hometown, the institute would be only two hours away from there. I had a great time in the IIT as being the first batch, we had a lot to contribute to the ongoing process, be it course or subjects or organizing events,\" said Amit Asher, an electronic engineering student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15098885", "title": "President poll over, Congress looks to mollify sulking Sharad Pawar", "text": "NEW DELHI: The euphoria over Pranab Mukherjee's win may prove short-lived as ally NCP is flexing muscles over being ignored in decision-making in the ruling coalition. A shift of the popular eye from celebrations in the party to a sulking NCP chief Sharad Pawar in a day's time may not be a script of the ruling party's choice, but will keep the latter on the defensive.The Congress brass is keen to resolve the rift with Pawar as it wants to press on with some brisk decision-making to arrest a declining economy and speed up governance projects. The party is aware the next 3-4 months will be key in recouping lost ground. Pawar is aware of his ally's compulsions and, according to NCP sources, has taken a tough line on his demand that he wants to be closely consulted in decision-making at the Centre and in the state.Pawar may not walk out of UPA but his revolt punctured the \"feel-good\" Congress rediscovered after taming Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee . The PM is keen to get Pawar back to active Cabinet duties as he sees the agriculture minister as a valuable ally in backing reforms. However, says the NCP, a settled Congress will only marginalize allies and is even thinking of coordinating its moves with other partners. NCP's tough stand serves as a signal to parties that Congress remains vulnerable and there might be virtues in keeping it off balance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15099783", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee wins the race to Raisina Hill, may take some key calls soon", "text": "What's so special about Pranab Mukherjee becoming President? A hint came from what the leader himself said during his presidential campaign in Agartala. \"Though the President's post is virtually the constitutional head of the country, it plays a very vital role during complicated political situations.\"It was a brief remark, but a rare one from a cautious veteran of many political battles. And political observers are already speculating what it might mean to have a hardcore politician with an independent base in Rashtrapati Bhavan after so many years.It has been a long hiatus, during which the house on Raisina Hill has been occupied by a missile man (APJ Abdul Kalam ), a former diplomat (K R Narayanan) and a low-key career politician ( Pratibha Patil ). Earlier Presidents who came from the Congress, such as R Venkataraman and V V Giri, held office in the days of single-party rule. Mukherjee's presidency comes in the era of coalitions.As a Congress leader said: \"Mukherjee is one man who has spent 50 years in politics and could have been the Prime Minister. This sets him apart.\"How a \"political president\" will impact the presidency is anybody's guess. The spotlight invariably shifts to the high office after every LS election because no party is expected to get a majority. But controversies have been rare. In recent years, the scope for a \"creative presidency\" has been circumscribed by well-settled precedents and intense public scrutiny. For instance, no President can ignore the claim of the largest pre-poll coalition to form government. Kalam, whose presidency was backed by NDA, lost no time in inviting Sonia Gandhi to form government in 2004. And, as his autobiography revealed, there were no reservations about swearing in the Italian-born Congress chief either.Similarly, S D Sharma \u2014a Congress veteran\u2014invited A B Vajpayee to form his 13-day government, despite the controversy over the decision. But the present state of political flux can throw up situations that the founding fathers could not have conceived six decades ago. Here, a President who knows his politics and Constitution \u2014or has a political grudge\u2014can turn the textbook notion of a \"ceremonial presidency\" on its head. After all, Zail Singh was able to rattle PM Rajiv Gandhi , who commanded a brute majority in LS but led a fractious Congress. He simply sat over the Postal Bill, pre-empting a second recommendation that would have forced him to give his assent.Clearly, the President's job can be as tricky as it is ceremonial. Mukherjee's elevation is seen as crucial with Lok Sabha polls slated for 2014. If Congress loses, it would like to believe that it has a veteran leader with a handle over the government. But, this does not mean Congress has a sure advantage.Despite the bonhomie on display, many believe Mukherjee may not be as beholden to his party as it may appear. After all, Congress had reservations about fulfilling Mukherjee's wish, but a complex chain of events forced its hand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15099181", "title": "Gunrunner, 6 customers held", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 19-year-old gunrunner, Atul Yadav, and six of his customers were arrested by the city crime branch on Sunday. No less than 10 high quality pistols and a country made revolver were seized in the operation which Atul sold at Rs 2 lakh each.Every evening Atul used to set up his handcart to sell paani-puri near Akshar Party Plot in Naranpura and did brisk business. This was a front for the behind-the-scene gunrunning racket.Police inspector Bhavesh Rozia of crime branch said, \"We had got a tip-off about Atul's activities. He was arrested from his house with two .32 mm pistols and 11 cartridges. He told us that these weapons had been given to him by Vijay Sakaya, 38, a resident of Chandkheda.\"Cops raided Vijay's house and recovered a 9mm pistol and four cartridges. During joint interrogation of the duo the real picture emerged. \"Atul's father Ram Laxman Yadav, who stays in Rajkot, also ran a roadside snack stall. Atul had first come to Ahmedabad six years ago to study and then started his own business,\" said a crime branch official.It was then that Vijay and Atul joined hands. Vijay had contacts in Bhind district of Madhya Pradesh and helped smuggle guns from there. Atul was responsible for finding customers from within the city and other parts of the state. \"Since he had spent some time in Gondal, Rajkot; Atul knew several gangsters there. He supplied the firearms to them. The duo used to purchase the weapons at prices ranging between Rs 25,000 and Rs 40,000 and sold them for anywhere between Rs 1.5 and Rs 2 lakh to customers in Gujarat,\" said a crime branch official.Based on their confession, the officials picked up several of their customers - Kinal Patel, 26, a resident of Naranpura was arrested and a country made revolver along with four cartridges were seized from him. Vikram Bharwad, 25, a resident of Gota, was arrested with a pistol and eight cartridges while Raju Thakore, 30, a resident of Vejalpur was nabbed with a pistol and a cartridge.The cops also nabbed Jignesh Dodiya and Jayesh Kareliya with one and two pistols, respectively. \"They also confessed having sold weapons to customers with a history - Vijay Jadav and Kirpalsinh Jadeja. Jadeja, a resident of Gondal was caught with two country made revolvers and a pistol. Vijay, who had been arrested on murder charges, is still at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15099209", "title": "Gujarat BJP to hold party workers' meetings", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat BJP has decided to hold meetings of party workers across the state between July 23 and 30 as part of preparations for the coming state assembly elections.\"With an aim to win majority seats in the state elections, we have decided to launch 'mahavijay abhiyan', where party leaders will hold meetings with workers and BJP sympathizers in all the 182 constituencies of the state,\" BJP spokesperson Jagdish Bhavsar said.\"The meeting will be held between July 23 and 30. They will focus on teaching party workers on how to counter the negative campaign of the Congress party against the Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi-led government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15099045", "title": "Government prepares contingency plans after less rain", "text": "JAIPUR: With the possibility of a weak monsoon this year, the state government has geared up and initiated the process of making contingency plans. A high-level meeting of the state disaster management authority (SDMA) chaired by chief minister Ashok Gehlot was also held in this regard on Friday.To ensure drinking water, fodder, power, livelihood and employment to the poor remains in a constant flow, the chief minister has asked all the departments concerned to make necessary arrangements.For MNREGA workers, the government has sent a proposal to the Centre for providing labour for 100 more days to those who have finished their scheduled days. A provision of three-fourth payment through wheat has been included in the proposal.\"If it rains, it is well and good. Otherwise the government is all geared up to handle any sort of situation,\" said chief secretary C K Mathew. \"We won't have a major problem as far as employment is concerned as MNREGA will take care of it. However, drinking water, cattle conservation and fodder may face some issue but we will deal them. The chief minister has already issued instructions to chalk out strategies and every department is working on it,\" he said.With shift in monsoon pattern, the agriculture department is working on plans of sowing short-duration pulses. \"As an advisory that we have received from the Centre, we are working on our alternative plans. Only those oilseeds, pulses and fodder whose growing period is less and needs less amount of water will be sowed,\" an official said.The rainfed area authority of the Planning Commission has also asked the state government to prepare a contingency plan. The letter, \"contingency plan for rainfall anomaly for July 15 to 31,\" is largely for states like Maharashtra and Karnataka but Rajasthan has also been asked to gear up for the situation.Meanwhile, the weather watch group that reports to the government and predicted for wide spread rainfall from July 22 onwards turned out to be partially right.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15099904", "title": "Private company adopts tigress at Nandankanan Zoological Park", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The animal adoption scheme is picking up momentum at the Nandankanan Zoological Park here. A Royal Bengal Tigress from the zoo, Rebati, is the latest animal to be adopted by the management of Confidence Factory, which has paid Rs one lakh for a year.\"A lot is happening for saving tigers across the country. Besides, the tiger has been our mascot since we started the company in 2004. Every year we churn out around 2000 students and this initiative will help in creating awareness about the nobel cause of saving the animal,\" said Sangramjit Pujari of Confidence Factory, a soft skills and pre-placement training institute.The amount would be utilized by the zoo for the male tiger's upkeep, including its daily food, while the adopters receive a customized adoption certificate and one free entry ticket for each animal adopted. In addition, the adopters name is displayed on a special board and a special mention in the annual report of the zoo, zoo officials said. Funds received under the programme are also used to provide quality food to all animals to meet their nutritional requirements, for buying medicines and equipment and for enclosure upgrade and biodiversity enrichment, a zoo officer said.\"We adopted the animal not for attracting eyeballs or raising brand equity, but our aim was to create awareness about the animal, the number of which is fast reducing in India,\" Pujari added.About four years ago, the zoo had launched the 'adopt and animal' programme with an aim to help involve the public in animal conservation and raise money, but there were not many takers due to poor publicity of the scheme by the zoo officials. However, now the scene has changed.Rebati is the third animal from the big cat family to be adopted in the zoo. Among the major adopters the State Bank of India had donated Rs 500,000 to adopt six endangered animals including a one-horned rhinoceros, a white tiger, chimpanzee, and orangutan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15100112", "title": "US man arrested for posting ad seeking rapist for wife", "text": "WASHINGTON: A 32-year-old man from the state of Idaho in United States has been arrested after he posted an advertisement on a website seeking a man to enter his home and rape his wife.The ad was posted in the 'Casual Encounters' section of Craigslist and was headlined simply 'Want to help me' Idaho's Twin Falls county police officer Justin Dimond said in the arrest warrant , according to CNN.The husband has been charged with solicitation of rape and burglary. He admitted to having sent e-mails to one Michael Combs asking that he rape his wife.Combs told police that he responded to the person who posted the ad, who said his wife 'wanted to be forcibly raped as that was a fantasy of hers' and urged him 'not to stop no matter how much she resisted\", the CNN reported. Police responded to a distress call from the couple's house, where they found the woman holding Combs at gunpoint and arrested him.The incident marked the second time in two days last week that police were called to the house. Earlier, the woman, who was also not identified, had struggled with another man who fled after pulling the gun out of the woman's hand, according to the warrant. The man who posted the ad was being held on $100,000 bond, with a hearing scheduled for this month. Neither Combs not the husband and wife could be reached for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15100577", "title": "Tourism department to make Kovalam a garbage-free destination", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A project, planned as part of tourism department's 'Kerala waste free destination' campaign, to make Kovalam a garbage free tourism destination, is awaiting government clearance.Kerala Tourism and Suchitwa Mission have joined hands to provide biogas plants and different composting technologies to all houses in the area at 25% subsidy.\"We want to make the bio-gas apparatus affordable to the public. The subsidy is likely to be offered by the tourism department, corporation and the Suchitwa Mission. Smaller houses will be provided with pipe-composting,\" said Suchitwa Mission executive director George Chakacherry.The departments have developed a package for Kovalam which will incorporate various methods of waste management including vermi, ring and pipe composting. The biggest worry of the mission is to get the hotels to implement the project. \"No decision has been taken regarding allocation of subsidy to hotels as they have been mandated to set up waste treatment plants by way of Kerala Municipality (Second Amendment) Ordinance, 2011. The best we can do is to check that the hotels adhere to the law,\" he said.A plastic shredder will also be installed on the beach very soon. \"There is already a plastic collection scheme in place but it can be strengthened only by deploying more Kudumbasree workers in the area,\" said tourism secretary Suman Billa.However, promise of making the destination plastic free, still hangs in limbo. \"The ban which came into effect in November last year has made no difference. Tourism minister Anil Kumar and the DTPC have held meetings about making Eve's beach plastic free but nothing has happened so far. The government has to enforce the ban strongly ensuring that an alternative such as water filters, bags made of cloth and jute etc. are available,\" said Jameela Prakasham, Kovalam MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098772", "title": "Man \u2018forces\u2019 teen to abort child, held", "text": "MUMBAI: A 28-year-old man was arrested by the Nehru Nagar police in Kurla for allegedly raping a teenager and later forcing her to abort their child. The police have also booked the doctor who had carried out the abortion at his clinic in Saki Naka, Andheri.The accused, Arjun Dhere, is a resident of Shramjeevi colony in Kurla (E). He met the 19-year-old victim through a common friend. The girl is a resident of Saibaba Nagar in Kurla (E). Dhere got into a physical relationship with the girl after promising to marry her. The girl later discovered she was pregnant and informed Dhere, who refused to tie the knot with her. \"On Friday, the girl left her home and did not return. Her parents registered a missing complaint with us on Saturday,\" a police officer said.The girl returned home by Saturday night. The police quizzed her about her disappearing act and learnt that she had gone to a clinic after being forced to abort her three-month-old baby. The abortion was reportedly carried out at a clinic in Saki Naka.The girl's parents then registered a case against Dhere. The police arrested him under sections 376 (rape), 315 (act done with intention to prevent child being born alive or to cause it to die after birth), 201 (causing disappearance of evidence of offence or giving false information to screen offender) of the Indian Penal Code.Dhere has been remanded in police custody. The police refused to disclose the name of the doctor. \"We need to find out the extent of the doctor's involvement in the case. We will check documents related to his registration,\" senior inspector Dhananjay Bagayatkar said.Abortions are termed legal only when performed by a medical practitioner approved by the Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act. The abortion must be carried out at a place approved under the Act. Pregnancies can be terminated up to 20 weeks gestation.(with inputs by Pratibha Masand)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104312", "title": "How to prevent embarrassing medical conditions", "text": "Embarrassing medical conditions can turn you into a pariah. Here's a quick-fix guideYour foul breath is as distressing to a prospective lover as a stranger's fart. Common conditions such as halitosis are not life threatening but are difficult to hide and cause as much suffering in a social setting. The good news is that by maintaining precaution you can almost get rid of them. Read on:FlatulenceCase in point: Passing wind in public and giving others a clue of what you ate in the morning.Some people get worse gas than others because of being lactose intolerant. In such a case, your body is unable to break down the lactose in glucose. Thus eating sweets, cakes and pastries can make you very windy.Piece of advice: Food with sulphides, such as cauliflower and eggs, are quite notorious for producing smelly farts. Avoid eating them before an important meeting. Eat slowly as you can trap lot of air and create gas when gulping down food in a hurry. See a doctor to rule out underlying medical causes.Painful sexCase in point: You keep dodging him because intercourse hurts.There can be gynaecological reasons for painful sex. Diseases such as endometriosis cause abnormal tissue development in the ovaries, fallopian tubes or intestines leading to pelvic pain. Fibroid and cervical polyps \u2014 non-cancerous tumours growing on the wall and lower part of the uterus, respectively \u2014 are another cause of excessive menstrual bleeding and pelvic pain. Sexually transmitted bacteria, such as chlamydia , also result in pain accompanied with a burning sensation while passing of urine.Piece of advice: By not exploring your symptoms further, you could be missing a significant diagnosis. Consult a gynaecologist and rule these out. Check for psychological elements that may be causing trouble.IncontinenceCase in point : Wetting yourself in public can be upsetting. This seems to be a big issue in women over 40.In an emergency, the pelvic floor muscles squeeze tight to hold up the urine in the bladder. However, these muscles weaken after child birth and with age. If you forget to do your pelvic floor exercises, you could develop urge or stress incontinence. Urge incontinence is the involuntary loss of urine occurring when a person has a sudden need to urinate. Stress incontinence is losing urine without meaning to during physical activity, such as sneezing or exercise.Piece of advice: Incontinence is a physical problem (caused by weak pelvic muscles) and not normally neurological. But you do need to check that it's not multiple sclerosis or something more serious. Your physician might suggest pelvic floor muscle training, bladder training or reducing your caffeine intake. Do this simple exercise the next time you are in the loo \u2014 stop the flow of urine, count to five and start again. Do this six to seven times in one session to strengthen the pelvic muscles.BunionsCase in point: Wearing tight fitting shoes with a narrow toe box every day.Wearing constraining footwear causes the front of the foot to be pushed with force into the narrow toe box. When the toes are squeezed together for a long duration of time, they become adapted to the new position and lead to a deformity known as bunion. It appears as a bony lump at the base of the big toe. Bunions can turn your toes inward at right angles to the foot and make it difficult you to walk. PIECE OF ADVICE: If you don't treat bunions as you get older, you can get arthritis in them and run the risk of becoming immobile.If they get bad, surgical removal is the only alternative but a podiatrist would be the best person to ask about your options. They would look at your gait, how you walk, advise you on what shoes to wear and also give you a special device to put in your footwear, which takes the pressure off the bunion.HalitosisCase in point: Instant attraction, common interests and inexplicable chemistry. You couldn't have found anyone more perfect than this. You were about to seal it with a kiss when her/his putrid breath blew you away.For most people, the cause of bad breath is poor dental hygiene. Diet can also be one reason if you have been consuming stinky stuff such as onions, garlic and tobacco. On digestion, the by products of food items enter your bloodstream, so you are actually breathing the odours out via your lungs three to four hours later. Health issues such as a sinus problem or acid reflux can also be the cause.Piece of advice: Only brushing your teeth won't rid you of bad breath. Breaking down of food leaves a coating of sulphur compounds on the tongue which must be scraped off everyday to ward of fetid breath. Also, as food can get jammed in between your teeth, you need to remove it with floss afterwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103956", "title": "Dinesh Yadav's debut in Bhojpuri films", "text": "Journalist turned director Dinesh Yadav's association with Bhojpuri films just got another boost. The director will now be seen as an actor as well.  Dinesh will debut as an actor in Bhojpuri films with Dhadkela Tohre Nave Karejwa Hamar . Apart from Dinesh's first time ever stint with acting , the film also has a string of fresh talent on offer. Regional singer Vijay Verma too will debut in Bhojpuri film industry with this movie.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15102275", "title": "Defence minister commissioned Indian Navy warship 'INS Sahyadri'", "text": "MUMBAI: The defence minister AK Antony on July 21 commissioned warship 'INS Sahyadri' into the Indian Navy. The warship Sahyadri is the third of the indigenously designed and constructed stealth frigates of the Shivalik Class, built by Mazgaon Dock Limited in Mumbai.Defence officials said that this class of ships has been named after the Sahyadri Mountain range which extends from the Gujarat-Maharashtra border south of river 'Tapti' to Kanyakumari across Karnataka and Kerala. \"The earlier ships were named after Shivalik and Satpura mountain ranges. This momentous occasion is a 'red-letter' day for the Navy, and is a tribute to the indigenous ship building industry which further strengthens the Navy's resolve to move from a 'Buyer's Navy' to a 'Builder's Navy',\" said the officials.The defence minister was received by the chief of naval staff. He inspected a 50-man ceremonial guard of honour and was introduced to the ship's commanding officer before proceeding to the helo deck of the Sahyadri. The CMD of Mazgaon Docks and the chief of naval staff addressed the gathering after which the commanding officer (desig) captain Sanjay Vatsayan read out the commissioning warrant. INS Sahyadri, along with other ships in the naval dockyard, was dressed overall with colourful flags. The raksha mantri unveiled the ship's name plaque and released a special cover to mark the occasion.AK Antony stated that the need for a strong and vigilant navy to defend our mainland, island territories, offshore assets, exclusive economic zone along our vast coastline needs no emphasis. The maintenance of a strong and credible Navy and strengthening co-operation and friendship with other countries to promote regional and global stability is the need of the hour\" he said. \"Commissioning of the third stealth frigate of Shivalik Class therefore marks yet another significant step in securing our maritime goals\" he added.He emphasized the need for our shipyards to not only meet the domestic demands but also match international standards in quality and build period, he highlighted that we must be able to produce 'quality ships' in a 'shorter time frame at competitive costs'.INS Sahyadri is armed with a formidable array of surface, sub-surface and air-defence weapons. These include long range anti-ship missiles, anti-aircraft missiles and anti-missile defence systems, which can detect and engage the enemy at extended ranges, thereby giving her significant combat power. The two multi-role helicopters that are embarked on Sahyadri provide enhanced surveillance and attack capability.INS Sahyadri has been conceived and designed by an Indian naval design team. This class of ships will be the mainstay frigates of the Indian Navy in the first half of the 21st century. The incorporation of numerous new design features aboard INS Sahyadri effectively reduces the probability of her being detected at sea.Among the dignitaries present at today's ceremony were minister of state for communications &amp; IT Sachin Pilot and Murali Deora, admiral Nirmal Verma the chief of naval staff, vice admiral DK Joshi, flag officer commanding-in-chief western naval command, Shashi Kant Sharma, defence secretary and rear admiral (retd) RK Shrawat, chairman and managing director (CMD) Mazgaon Dock Limited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103857", "title": "Eva Grover enjoys writing diary!", "text": "Eva Grover who essayed the role of Niharika, a manipulative mother in the popular show Bade Acche Lagte Hain is a very calm and sorted person in real life and is into writing a diary almost on a daily basis.She feels it is a good way to express herself. She says, \"I write my experiences, thoughts and the happenings that touches my heart. It helps me in knowing myself and understanding the happenings in the right perspective. It gives me clarity of thoughts and according to me it is the best way to unwind after hard day work. I just love spending time with myself and enjoy solitude. People who don't enjoy being alone they don't know what they are missing out on\".Well Eva for sure other actors can take a cue from you and try out writing and maintaining a diary to maintain the zest for their life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15099221", "title": "Met officials still hopeful of rain in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If the weather conditions persist, there is a likelihood of light showers to thundershowers this week in the city and state.The spell might end worries of the people and policymakers alike who are worried about the rain scarcity in this monsoon.As per the forecast by Indian Meteorological Department's (IMD) Ahmedabad office, light moderate to heavy rain or thundershowers may occur at many places across all districts of Gujarat, Diu, Daman, Dadra and Nagar Haveli. For the city, the forecasts predict one or two spells of rain or thundershower.\"Off shore trough on sea level, which extends from Gujarat coast to Kerala, persists. Also persisting is the upper air cyclonic circulation over south-west Rajasthan and adjoining Gujarat region extending from 0.9 km to 3.1 km above the sea level. These two factors can bring the showers for the state,\" said an IMD official.For the past three weeks, people are eagerly awaiting rains to end their water woes. Many prayers and religious rituals have been performed by devotees of different faiths as the state is among the ones having least seasonal rain this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103714", "title": "Trisha spends Rs 25 lakh for staircase!", "text": "This might sound like taking one's indulgence to the extreme but if reports are to be believed, actress Trisha has spent over Rs 25 lakh for a staircase in her house!According to vernacular dailies, the Manmadhan Ambu actress has built a 13-step staircase in her home that leads to her room. And, allegedly, each stair is made of expensive marble that cost around Rs 2 lakh each. In addition to these stairs, the top actress has also beautified her room with designer marbles to make her feel cosy and comfortable in her private space.The actress is currently part of three films \u2014 Vishal's Tamil-Telugu bilingual Samar , Jayam Ravi's Boologam produced by Aascar Ravichandran and Endrendrum Punnagai with Jiiva, which is being directed by Vaamanan director Ahmed. Interestingly, this is the first time that she is being pairing up with all these three young heroes .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15099027", "title": "Government agrees to finance restructure of discoms with riders", "text": "JAIPUR: The debt-ridden power distribution companies (dicoms) in the state will get some breathing space with the state government agreeing after dillydallying for a long time on the financial restructure plan (FRP), proposed by the Centre.As per the new plans, the state government will take half of the short-term loans of discoms that are outstanding as on March 31, 2012 after they issue bonds to lenders. The maturity period of these bonds will be 15 years. The remaining half of the liabilities will be rescheduled by banks and financial institutions, which would have moratorium of three years for payment of the principal amount along with the interest.However, the restructuring plans come with certain conditions. The state government will have to ensure that electricity tariffs are revised and that transmission and distribution losses are curbed. To ensure that the state complies with the FRP, the Centre has attached incentives with it.\"We will have to revise our tariff plans on a yearly basis. Also private players will now be allowed in the power distribution as we asked for roping them in,\" a senior discom official said. He added, \"After the financial restructuring plan, we will have to present our growth and revenue generation target for te next three to five years.\" With the current restructuring, Rajasthan will be the biggest beneficiary, officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15100412", "title": "Special courts on accident claims, land grab cases", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two specials courts to deal with motor vehicle accident claim cases and land grab cases were inaugurated by Madras high court Chief Justice MY Eqbal on Sunday. Delivering his speech after the inauguration, Eqbal said that lawyers tend to focus on the percentage of compensation in accident claim cases. He advised them to change their attitude. Their prime duty is to get maximum compensation for the victim's family. The kin of accident victims should be protected, he said.He advised lawyers not to seek adjournments. Insurance firms should not make unnecessary appeals. Insurance firms should settle claims immediately and must not contest in court. Firms should not be rigid when settling compensation, he said. The compensation amount may increase manifold with additional interest if the insurance firm constantly delays making payment to the victim, said Eqbal.The chief justice pointed out that as many as 3000 motor vehicle accident claim cases are pending in Coimbatore. District courts and sub-courts are presently dealing with the claim cases. \"Hereafter, the cases should be transferred to the newly created special court and III and IV additional district courts. These three courts will deal with all claim cases. I hope by the end of this year, there will be no claim cases pending in Coimbatore,\" said Eqbal.State Law Minister CV Shanmugam said that a new government law college is being constructed in Sri Rangam. Coimbatore Bar Association President P Nandhakumar said that the district administration could use the 'Kudiraivandi court land to construct the South Taluk office. \"Meanwhile, the district administration should allot South Taluk office land to us. We are seeking some space for parking vehicles,\" he said. He also sought a court to deal with rent control cases in Coimbatore.Agriculture Minsiter S Damodaran, District Collector M Karunagaran, principal district judge Aathinathan and other judicial officers participated in the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104559", "title": "Anti-HIV drugs may pass to baby in womb", "text": "Researchers including one of Indian origin have used hair and blood samples from three-month old infants born to HIV-positive mothers to measure the uninfected babies' exposure \u2014 both in the womb and from breast-feeding \u2014 to antiretroviral medications their mothers were taking. According to researchers from the University of California , San Francisco (UCSF) and Makerere University in Uganda, the results are surprising. \"We found high levels of exposure to three antiretroviral medications in the hair samples of HIV uninfected infants at twelve weeks of life,\" Monica Gandhi, senior author of the study, said. \"From looking at plasma level data at the same time point, we believe that transfer of two of the medicines from mother to baby occurs exclusively in the womb and transfer of the third medication occurs both in the womb and through breastfeeding,\" she said. The findings could lead to new ways to protect infants from HIV transmission and to better understand the development of toxicities and resistance to the drugs, the researchers said. A single plasma level of a medication reflects drug exposure over approximately 24 hours. Measuring the concentrations of antiretrovirals in a small hair sample reveals exposure over the past month. The team therefore measured both plasma and hair levels of medications in babies whose mothers were taking HIV medications to get a better idea of when drugs are being passed from mother to baby. \"Since foetuses start growing hair in the womb, hair sampling gives us an opportunity to examine exposures to drug before birth,\" Gandhi said. In the study, the team took hair and blood samples from two groups of HIV-positive mothers, all of whom breast-fed their infants. For 45 mother/infant pairs, the mothers' antiretroviral regimens included a protease inhibitor, lopinavir, boosted by ritonavir, another antiretroviral medication. The other 64 mothers were on an efavirenz-based regimen. Infants in the lopinavir group had levels of the drug in their hair that measured 87 percent of the levels found in their mothers' hair. The levels of ritonavir were about 45 percent of the levels found in their mothers' hair. When the researchers looked at the drug levels in the blood drawn from the mothers and infants at 12 weeks, they found the expected levels of lopinavir and ritonavir in the mothers, but none of either in the blood of the infants. \"The inability to find drug in the infants' blood at 12 weeks tells us that the lopinavir and ritonavir in their hair is not due to recent exposure, so breast-feeding did not transfer these drugs to the infants. Our conclusion is that the lopinavir and ritonavir were transferred to the babies in the womb, and lopinavir at quite a high level,\" Gandhi said. In the efavirenz group, researchers found infant drug levels in hair samples that were about 40 percent of the levels found in their mothers. Additionally, they found that infants had levels in their blood that were about 15 percent of what was found in their mothers. These findings indicate a moderate transfer of efavirenz both in the womb and during breastfeeding said Gandhi. \"Our findings, as we verify them, will have important implications. One, being able to measure drug exposures of foetuses in the womb and during breast-feeding can help us understand how to better protect infants from HIV transmission from HIV-positive mothers during pregnancy, birth and after birth. \"Antiretroviral medications are delivered prophylactically to HIV-positive mothers and newborns to prevent transmission, and fetuses derive protection from transmission if their HIV-positive mothers are on an antiretroviral regimen. \"Second, the development of resistance to antiretroviral medications in infants is an important issue. HIV develops resistant mutations after fairly low levels of exposure to the class of medications to which efavirenz belongs,non-nucleoside transcriptase inhibitors (NNRTIs). Additionally, hair sampling for antiretroviral exposure levels will ultimately help us monitor toxicities associated with these medications in infants,\" she added. The findings of the study were presented during the 4th International Workshop on HIV Pediatrics, Washington, D.C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15099779", "title": "Choked drains may add to monsoon woes in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: With the monsoon is expected to revive soon, city residents, especially those who are living in the low-lying areas of the city, have to brace for flooding and water logging during heavy rains as the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) is yet to complete the works of channelling the five major sewerage lines in the city.More over, the civic body is yet to begin the work of clearing the sewerage lines and all the sewerage lines remain choked with filth and garbage.Even the residents are surprised over the lax attitude of the BMC in chanelling and clearing the drains even as the monsoon has already started. People said that the first rain in the city itself had exposed the unpreparedness of the civic body to manage monsoon.\"Clearing the drains of filth and removing the blockade are absolutely necessary, as the water needs to run constantly during monsoon to prevent water logging and flooding,\" Amit Mathur, a resident of Arera Colony, said.\"Clearing the sewerage system would help keep the lakes of the city clean. Initially, all these drains were opened to the water bodies in the city. Now they are being directed outside the city and the lakes can be saved from getting polluted,\" AK Dubey, a resident of Shahpura said.The BMC claims that the Rs 32-crore project of channeling the major drains will be completed in a couple of months. This project commenced in 2006 under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal System (JNNURM). \"The Rs 32 crore project comes under the JNNURM scheme. Under this, the BMC is channelling the drains towards the outskirts of the city,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava told TOI. \"We have completed nearly 60% of the work and it will be completed in a couple of months,\" he added.The civic body has shortlisted five major sewerage lines in the city. They will be connected and diverted to the outskirts of the city. This prevents the city's water bodies from getting polluted. There are as many as 618 small and big drain lines in the city.A few of these sewerage lines are passing through the posh residential areas including Arera Colony, Rewera Town (opposite MANIT), 1100 Quarters, Gauatm Nagar and Govindpura areas of the city. On condition of anonymity, BMC officials said that the channelling the drain was to be completed by 2011. However, with no contractors willing to take up the works, this project was delayed.The central government bears 50% of the project cost while the remaining 50% is divided between the state and the civic body. The state is funding 30% and the remaining 20% funds are raised by the BMC.BMC has already received three installments from the Centre. However, due to delay in the completion of the work, the Centre has deducted 10% of it's share.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15105137", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee to be sworn-in as 13th President on Wednesday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pranab Mukherjee will be sworn in as the country's 13th President on Wednesday at a special ceremony in the Central Hall of Parliament.Chief Justice of India SH Kapadia will administer the oath to Mukherjee at 11:30 am in the presence of Vice President Hamid Ansari , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar , UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi , Union ministers, Governors, chief ministers and a host of dignitaries, a home ministry communique said.The function will begin with the arrival of President Pratibha Patil and President-elect Mukherjee in a ceremonial procession from the Rashtrapati Bhawan to the Parliament Building. They will be received by Kapadia, Ansari and Kumar and escorted to the Central Hall.After Mukherjee takes over, he will be given a 21-gun salute, address the gathering and then leave for the Rashtrapati Bhawan with Patil.Mukherjee will be given an inter-services guard of honour in the forecourt of the Presidential palace.He will then escort Patil to her temporary accommodation on Tughlak Lane where she will stay till her post-retirement home in Pune is ready.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15100180", "title": "Two Kanwariyas among four drown", "text": "VARANASI: In two separate incidents four boys, including two Kanwariyas, drowned in Sonebhadra and Mirzapur districts on Sunday.A group of 50 Kanwariyas from Robertsganj had gone to Patwadh village, falling under the jurisdiction of Chopan police, to collect water from Sone river in Sonebhadra to offer Jalabhishek at Dandayit Mahadeo temple. During bathing in Sone river, Rishi Jaiswal (12) and Ankit (11) slipped in deep water. Before other Kanwariyas could rescue the two boys drowned. The local divers managed to fish out the bodies after three hours.In Mirzapur, two boys drowned in a waterlogged area adjacent to a brick kiln in Gadesar village, in the jurisdiction of Vindhyachal police, on Sunday morning. Some boys were playing in the waterlogged area near a brick kiln. Two of them identified as Pramod Tiwari (14) and Ajit Yadav (12) slipped and drowned. The villagers fished out their bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15105380", "title": "I'd love to do something like Sathiya: Aditi Sarangdhar", "text": "Talented Marathi actress Aditi Sarangdhar talks about her recent release 'Aik', Mumbai monsoon and ideal monsoon getaway!'Aik' is receiving good review from the audience, as a cast member how are you feeling? After working for so many years, I have learned not to take too much stress. Doing Yoga has helped me a lot in achieving it. I prefer taking tension during the filming as it helps you perform better. I don't even watch movies at the premieres. During 'Aik' premiere, I was sitting in the lobby waiting anxiously for the audience reaction which was overwhelming.How was the overall experience shooting for a horror movie? The entire team was young so we bonded well on the sets. Shooting was fun. This is the first time any Marathi movie was shot in Ratnagiri's 'Thiba Palace', so the location added to the plus point of the movie. It was the perfect combination of unusual setting and like-minded people. I enjoyed it a lot!As an actress, after comedy, drama which genre you would like to tap in future? I haven't done a hardcore romantic movie in my career. I am eager to do a full-fledged romantic movie like 'Saathiya'.How do you enjoy Mumbai monsoon in your hectic schedule? At the moment, I am enjoying monsoon only while traveling for the shoots. Luckily for me, both my houses in Goregaon and Chembur are quite spacious and surrounded with greenery. Sitting at home when it's raining heavily outside and cool breeze running from each and every window of the house, is awesome. I enjoy monsoon better at both my homes.If given a chance where you would prefer to go for a short monsoon outing? Lonvala is my favourite place during monsoon. I love to go for a long drive in the rain to Malshej Ghat, sit under the waterfalls there, and eat garma-garam Vada Paav with a cutting chai...!!Which is your favourite monsoon track? There are many songs which I love to listen as one can't choose just one song during the rains. Its very difficult to choose from so many songs which compliments monsoon's romantic mood but one I just remembered is from Marathi play 'Shri Tashi Sau' - 'Sar Sar Shirve Gheun Aala Veda Paus Vaara'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15098346", "title": "BSNL staff tried to hush up call data leak: Cops", "text": "HYDERABAD: Staffers with BSNL, Nagpur, who had unknowingly played into the hands of certain conspirators by leaking the call data record (CDR) of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) joint director VV Lakshminarayana, had made every attempt to cover up the scandal after waking up to their folly.Crime Investigation Department (CID) sleuths said that initially, the main conspirators had managed to hide their true designs from the telecom employees who suspected nothing amiss.\"At that point of time, instead of leaving the issue there, the BSNL employee and another businessman tried to cover up the issue,\" a CID source told TOI.So, was any evidence destroyed in the cover-up? Sleuths at CID had no answer to this question although they were confident that all the details would soon come to light. Investigators are now looking into the role of a private detective agency which reportedly had tailed Lakshminarayana for several months. The conspirators had engaged the detective agency to track the movements of Lakshminarayana and inform them about who all he met.Thus, the detective agency tracked Lakshminarayana's meetings with his friends, including Vasireddy Chandrabala, whose CDR was also leaked as the controversy broke. It is learnt that sleuths are now looking to nail the detective agency for their role in the affair.\"The private detective agency infringed on the privacy of the complainant (in this case the CBI joint director) by tracking the personal affairs of the complainant. As per law, a private detective agency is not competent to carry out any such investigations. But we are examining whether it did anything which goes against the law,\" the sources added.However, CID has brushed aside reports about the detective agency having played an active role in the plot to make public Lakshminarayana's call data by colluding with the Nanded superintendent of police. Sleuths said that CDR cannot be obtained under the Right to Information Act without prior consent of the concerned telephone user.All the accused in the case face charges under the Indian Telegraph Act (ITA) and are also liable to be booked under the Information Technology Act.Meanwhile, Krishna Raju once again approached high court on Saturday seeking that the criminal case against him, based on the complaint lodged by Lakshminarayana, be quashed.Gali kin remanded in judicial custodyGuduru Dasaratharami Reddy, an accused in the cash-for-bail scam, was on Sunday remanded in judicial custody till August 3. A relative of jailed mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy, Dasaratharami Reddy was arrested late Friday night from his residence in Tirupati. Dasaratharami Reddy along with other accused had allegedly bribed former CBI judge T Pattabhirama Rao to secure bail for Janardhan Reddy. After interrogating him ACB sleuths shifted him to Cherlapalli prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15099881", "title": "Caste forgery complaint against former Odisha chief minister", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Former chief minister Hemananda Biswal has landed in a soup following allegations of obtaining a false caste certificate to enjoy various political posts.BJP state president Jual Oram alleged that Biswal, who is the sitting Sundargarh MP, had won the seat reserved for ST. \"Hemananda mentions himself as being a Khandayat Bhuyan, which has not been granted the ST status. Only Bhuyan, Papdi Bhuyan and Pahadi Bhuyan enjoy the tribal tag. My question is how can he enjoy ST benefits, when he is not a tribal,\" the BJP leader said. \"I have written to the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes to look into the caste status of Biswal and four other persons,\" he added.The others named in Oram's petition are Sundargarh MLA Jogesh Kumar Singh, Talsara MLA Prafulla Kumar Majhi, Sunil Singhdeo and Sanjib Pratap Singhdeo.Oram had filed the petition on March 3, urging a probe into the caste status of the five persons. Following the petition, the commission sent a letter to Odisha chief secretary asking him to respond within 30 days. On July 10, commissioner-cum-secretary of SC/ST development Santosh Sarangi wrote to Sambalpur RDC to examine the allegation made by the BJP state president against Biswal.Biswal, who was the chief minister between 1999-2000 during the Congress regime, rubbished the charges. \"Our caste has been Bhuyan for several generations. It is mentioned everywhere. Let there be enquiry. I have never been a Khandayat Bhuyan and only time will say who is what,\" said Biswal.The controversy came even as tribals in Odisha are fighting against those usurping their rights by obtaining false caste certificates. Two months ago, Zilla Adivasi Kalyan Mahasangha (ZAKM) president Brajakishor Singhbhoi leveled allegations against the wife of Titlagarh MLA Surendra Singhbhoi for obtaining a false caste certificate and contesting as a candidate for samiti member. ZAKM alleged that the MLA's wife Monika Singhbhoi was an OBC while she contested from an ST seat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15099810", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee polls 73 votes from Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: MLAs and MPs in the BJP-ruled Madhya Pradesh voted heavily in favour of the NDA candidate for the Presidential polls, P A Sangma while UPA-backed Pranab Mukherjee got only 73 votes, said sources .After the counting of votes on Sunday, Sangma had polled 156 votes in the 230 member state assembly. President-elect Pranab Mukherjee polled as many as 73 votes.The Congress had a strength of 61 in the House after the membership of two of its MLAs were terminated for their unruly behavior by the Speaker.Four votes were invalid. In terms of the vote share, Mukherjee polled 9563 while Sangma polled 20,436 from the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098743", "title": "Oshiwara locals rally against private institute on civic school plot", "text": "MUMBAI: Residents of two housing societies in Oshiwara took out a candle-light march on Sunday to protest against a private institute coming up on a plot of land, one-third of which is reportedly reserved for a municipal school and the rest a playground, which was being leased out to the school.Members of Oshiwara Lokhandwala Citizens' Association from Tarapore Towers and Mhada's HIG Complex have issued legal notices to Mhada, BMC and the school trust, demanding that the construction of the private school building be stopped immediately.Before the protesters took to the streets or sent the notices, they filed queries under the RTI Act and found out the original purpose of the plot, sandwiched between two Mhada buildings in Adarsh Nagar. \"According to the development plan, a municipal primary school is supposed to be built on one part of the land; so, how can it be given out for the construction of a full-fledged international school?\" asked Ashoke Pandit, chairman of the citizens' association. \"The development plan shows that the access street to the civic school is 9.14 m wide. If the private school comes up, not even a small car can enter the road; imagine the chaos it will create when school buses or cars start entering the stretch. What kind of a building structure has been cleared?\" Another protester added that under the RTI Act, they have also checked the plan of the private school building approved by the BMC. \"It shows a provision for underground parking, a facility not given to a municipal primary school,\" the resident said.In 2007, Mhada reportedly leased out the adjoining playground to the school trust for around Rs 1.40 crore for 99 years. \"Residents had been negotiating with Mhada for the playground since 1996, but in 2007, it was leased out to the school at a throwaway price. We want our playground back,\" said Rakesh Coelho, trustee of Tarapore Towers.However, there is another section of residents of Tarapore Towers who have reached an agreement with the trustees, following intervention by corporator Raju Pednekar. \"We had a meeting with Mhada officials, Tarapore Tower representatives and school trustees. We have received a letter from the school saying children of the area can use the ground. They said they would develop and maintain the ground. But we have been given access to the ground during non-school hours. We can even use it during holidays. We are happy with the development,\" said Commander S L Bhatla, chairman of Tarapore Towers. \"But we are yet to take a decision on the future course of action; it will be decided upon at a general body meeting.\" The protesters, however, demanded that they should have unrestricted access to the ground.School authorities did not respond to TOI's calls and text messages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15099159", "title": "CM, governor congratulate Pranab Mukherjee on his win", "text": "Governor BL Joshi and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav have congratulated Pranab Mukherjee for being elected as the 13th President of India. The governor in his message sent to Mukherjee has expressed his heartiest congratulations to the President elect. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has congratulated UPA-backed candidate Pranab Mukherjee for being elected as the President of India. The chief minister said that the nation would march on the path of success under Mukherjee's leadership.Honoured: Institution of Valuers, UP branch, Lucknow at a function held on Sunday honoured Ashutosh Pandey, IG police, Lucknow and his team which had rescued its member and valuer engineer Anil Kumar Srivastava from kidnappers. The members of the institution thanked Pandey and his team for having taken personal interest in the engineer's release. The team of the police party present included Anis Ahmad, ASP, Habeeb Ullah, CO, Mahanagar and Jitendra Kumar of surveillance team.Engineers' body writes to CM: Uttar Pradesh Rajya Vidyut Parishad Abhiyanta Sangh in a letter addressed to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has requested him to remove retired engineers who have been appointed on important posts in various power corporations by Avanish Awasthi, chairman and managing director of UP Power Corporation Limited. General secretary of the Sangh Om Prakash Pandey in the letter informed the chief minister that the SP government on coming to power had removed retired engineers in various power corporations appointed by the BSP government. He also requested the chief minister to order an inquiry into the controversial works done by the retired engineers appointed during the BSP regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103625", "title": "Selva's Georgia experience", "text": "Selvaraghavan is currently in Georgia to shoot for his big flick Irandam Ulagam. The filmmaker has clarified on reports that the shooting schedule was affected due to bad weather conditions in the country. He tweeted, \"Read some reports about delay in schedules. Rubbish. We are actually ahead of our schedule and progressing much faster.\"The director further added, \"No actor's dates are getting wasted here. We waited patiently for their bulk dates to make it to this schedule.\"The flick Irandam Ulagam features Arya and Anushka in the lead and it's said that they are facing a big storm out there on location. Selva himself had tweeted, \"Went through the biggest hail storm in Georgia. There are broken trees and roofless houses everywhere. Felt so sad for them.\" Let's hope all gets sorted soon and filming goes through smoothly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15098798", "title": "Municipal corporation wants illegal construction at site to go", "text": "NEW DELHI: North Delhi Municipal Corporation will appeal to Delhi high court to remove portions of the new construction at the site believed to contain ruins of the Mughal-era Akbarabadi Masjid. The civic body is planning to pass a resolution in this regard in its House meeting on Monday.The high court had on Friday directed North Corporation, Archaeological Survey of India and Delhi Police to submit a special status report by Wednesday. \"The illegally constructed portion of the wall has to be removed. It is ASI's responsibility to carry out restoration work. We have handed over the land to ASI to conduct a survey,\" said Yogender Chandolia, chairman, standing committee, North Corporation.The ruling-BJP fears that if the structure is not removed, this would encourage similar activities by religious groups and start off a trend. North Corporation officialssaid this would disturb the plans under the Jama Masjid Redevelopment project, which was being implemented by the Shahjahanabad Redevelopment Corporation.Meanwhile, ASI is working on a plan of action for the site which would be a part of the status report to be submitted to the HC by Wednesday. The probe of the ruins is likely to be handled by the excavation branch, said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15100650", "title": "Abduction in Thailand; Chandigarh travel agent in dock", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dreams of settling abroad went awry for Gurpreet Singh, 19, who is being held hostage in Thailand while his family has been asked to pay ransom to a Sector 35 based travel agent. The youth hailing from Anandpur Sahib had reached Thailand six months ago. The reason for his being held hostage appears to be a monetary dispute between the Chandigarh-based travel agent, G S Virk, and his sub-agent, Gurcharan, in Thailand, according to preliminary investigations.The prime suspect, Virk, has gone missing from Chandigarh and the UT police has issued a look-out notice for him at all airports, while alerting Interpol authorities about Gurpreet. Gurpreet is reportedly being held hostage in Bangkok since July 13. His father Jasbir Singh first received a ransom call from an unidentified caller, who instructed him to pay a ransom of Rs 13 lakh to Virk. There were more ransom calls after it. This, even though the family claims to have already paid Rs 22 lakh to Gurcharan for sending Gurpreet abroad.The prime suspect Virk, to whom ransom money was scheduled to be delivered on July 21, was not found in his house in Sector 35 during a police raid.Jasbir lodged a police complaint against Virk at the Sector 17 police station on July 21. Police have registered a case in this regard and have sent the matter to Amritsar police for further investigation.Talking to TOI, Jasbir Singh, said, \"I first received a threat call seeking Rs 13 lakh on behalf of G S Virk when I was in Amritsar district on July 15. I had tried to contact Virk in Chandigarh too. Subsequently, I found that there was a money dispute between Gurcharan and Virk, and my son was being made the scapegoat in their fight.\"SP (central) Deshraj Singh told TOI, \"Interpol authorities have been informed about Gurpreet after registering a zero FIR and a look-out-notice (LOC) has been issued against Virk at all the airports. Virk was not found in his house during a raid and his cell phone too was switched off.\" A joint team of the Sector 17 police station and crime branch has scrutinized the call details of Jasbir Singh and found a dozen phone calls were made to him for handing over the money to Virk.SHO of police station Kotwali, inspector Jogga Singh, said the matter was under investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15098744", "title": "Maharashtra appoints 750 doctors in its health facilities", "text": "PUNE: The state government appointed 750 doctors, including 465 specialists, to fill up vacancies in primary health centres, rural and civil hospitals last week.This was claimed to be the first time when the state government created 1,000 posts of specialist doctors and filled 465 posts immediately. The remaining posts of specialist doctors are likely to be filled in another six months.\"The aim is to provide specialized medical services to masses at district level. The remaining posts will be filled in the next six months,\" said state health minister Suresh Shetty.The newly recruited 465 specialists include gynaecologists, paediatricians, physicians, orthopaedic surgeons, chest physicians, skin specialists, anesthetists and radiologists.Civic hospitals in cities see tremendous rush from rural areas. \"If we have highly qualified doctors in rural areas, the load on doctors at civil or district hospitals will ease,\" said civil surgeon Vinayak More of Audh Civil hospitalThe doctors have started joining their assigned workplaces. A total of 55 doctors were recruited at state-run hospitals in Pune circle, including at the Aundh Civil Hospital.\"Three specialists, including one physician and two gynaecologists, joined us two days ago,\" More said.The state health department has eight circles across the state. They are Mumbai, Pune, Nashik, Aurangabad, Nagpur, Nashik, Akola, and Latur.Nashik circle, which includes Dhule, Jalgaon, Nandurbar and Nashik, got 183 doctors. Of them, 72 are medical officers and remaining 114 are specialists.Akola circle that comprises Yavatmal, Buldhana, Washim, Akola and Amaravati got 80 doctors -- 18 medical officers, 62 specialists.State-run hospitals in Mumbai circle that comprises Thane, Raigad, Ratnagiri got 140 doctors -- 86 medical officers and 54 specialists.Latur circle with Beed, Osmanabad, Nanded and Latur got 43 specialists and 10 medical officers.Kolhapur circle with Kolhapur, Sindhdurg, Sangli and Satara got 73 doctors -- 42 specialists and 31 medical officers.Aurangabad circle with districts Hingoli, Jalana, Parbhani and Aurangabad got 28 doctors, all of them specialists. Nagpur circle with districts Bhandara, Wardha, Chandrapur, Nagpur, Gondia and Gadchiroli got 135 new doctors. Of them, 57 are medical officers and rest 78 are specialists.State-run hospitals in Pune circle that includes Pune and Solapur got 55 doctors -- 44 specialists and 11 medical officers.Health activists, however, are skeptical whether the doctors would dispense services and remain in hospital during the work hours.\"Visit any primary health centre or rural hospital and see how many doctors are in their seats providing healthcare to patients. Most either do not report to work and those who report are not seen in their functional departments dispensing duties,\" said an activist.The government had recently issued 15 days notice to 227 doctors, who failed to report for duty for over a year. Newly recruited posts Medical officers - 285Specialists doctors - 465 Total - 750SpecialistsGynaecologist - 106Anesthetist - 105Paediatrician - 124Physician - 49Skin specialist - 9Orthopaedic surgeon - 15Surgeon - 40Chest physician - 11Radiologist - 6Recruitments at Eight CirclesNashik circle: 72 medical officers, 114 specialistsAkola circle: 18 medical officers, 62 specialistsMumbai circle: 86 medical officers, 54 specialistsLatur circle: 10 medical officers, 43 specialistsKolhapur circle: 31 medical officers, 42 specialistsAurangabad circle: 28 specialistsNagpur circle: 57 medical officers, 78 specialistsPune circle: 11 medical officers, 44 specialistseom/umesh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15099985", "title": "Lockout at Manesar to hit Maruti cars supply in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "INDORE: Uncertainty over starting production at the Manesar plant by Maruti-Suzuki is likely to push up the waiting period for two of its fast moving and most popular car models Swift and Swift Dzire. The decline in supply is like to push up waiting period to 40-42 weeks for Swift Dzire in Madhya Pradesh .Requesting anonymity, an official of the company told TOI, \"The waiting period Swift would go up by two weeks to about 14 weeks while for Dzire the waiting period will be up from 18-24 weeks to 40-42 weeks is the lockout continues for 15 days.However, the official said that the company was trying to temporarily shift some of the operations, particularly manufacture of body chain, at the Manesar plant before the problem started, to its smoothly running Gurgaon facility.While the manufacturing of its most popular models like Swift, Dzire, SX4 and A-Star have been hit by the lockout at Manesar, the production of models like Alto, Wagon R, Alto K-10, the recently launched MPV Ertiga and Ritz were going on smoothly at the company's Gurgaon facility.Praveen Patel, the company's dealer in Indore, told ToI, \"Nearly 40% of my showroom's supply comes from the Manesar factory and it will be badly hit in case the lockout continues for a few more days. Similarly, I fear the cancellation of bookings by my customers in case the waiting period goes up further. Normally, we charge Rs 10,000 at the time of the booking of Swift, which is reimbursed completely in case the customers cancel their bookings.\"However, the other players in the space are hopeful of an increased demand of their products due to the impasse at the Maruti Suzuki plant.Anup Tiwary, a local dealer of Volkswagen, said, \"Yes, we do hope to see rise in sales of our products, particularly for those customers, who are not ready to wait any more to get a car of their choice. It is despite the fact that we also have the waiting period of 6-8 weeks for models like Polo and Vento.\"Atul Sharma , local dealer of Mahindra &amp; Mahindra, said that his company's only product under the passenger car segment Verito, is likely to be more in demand. \"Currently, we are selling 25 units a month, which may be doubled if the situation prevails like this.\"Aditya Kasliwal, a dealer of Hyundai , said, \"Our model ike the i-20 may see an increase of 20-25% in the short-term. But, it may also be due to the forthcoming festive season.\"However, Ashutosh Mishra, a dealer of Tata Motors in Indore, said that one shouldn't see business opportunity in the wake of the troubles at Maruti Suzuki's unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103701", "title": "Tinseltown not my dream destination", "text": "Though Nigaar Khan calls are sister Gauhar, her other half who is gradually making her presence felt in Bollywood , tinsel town is not the dream destination for Nigaar.\"My sister is my greatest support , we share everything under the sun with each other but when it comes to making career choices I do not want to be called an item girl. Infact I hate the term 'item girl'. A song could be an item song but an actor performing on it should not be addressed so, it is too derogatory. What is worse is that only newcomers are given this nomenclature but established actresses performing on item songs are spared this humiliation,\" says Nigaar who is part of a play directed by Saurabh Shukla titled Two To Tango Three To Jive.Preferring to stick to the small screen, she feels \"that recent criticism coming in for serials showing intimate scenes is uncalled for. When we already enjoy watching Sex and the city how can we think of criticising these shows. It is sheer hypocrisy. Infact these serials appear too tame in front of laughter shows like Comedy Circus with vulgar jokes too hard to digest,\" she says.Though she is ready to discuss the love life of the stars on television personally she feels that cupid is still to strike her. \"I am still waiting for my Prince Charming though I feel that the song Har Kisi Ko Nahi Milta Yaan Pyaar Zindagi Mein aptly suits me,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15099604", "title": "Village spelling mistake on ration card haunts residents", "text": "MADURAI: A spelling mistake made by officials entering data into ration cards has led to over 300 villagers facing a lot of problems, after the name of their village was entered as Kemmadaipatti instead of Semmadaipatti, preventing them from accessing important documents like passports and driving licences.Semmadaipatti is a village with a population of about 300 people, in Palakanoothu panchayat in Reddiyar Chathiram union of Dindigul district. When ration cards were issued in the year 2005, a spelling mistake in the main menu led to all of them being issued with cards that stated the name of their village as Kemmadaipatti, instead of Semmadaipatti.Kavitha (35) says that even opening a bank account is a big problem for them if they use their ration card as identity and address proof. \"Convincing officials that it is a spelling mistake, is a big problem because they ask for affidavits and other documents in support of our claims,\" she says. This has also hindered people of this village from getting employment under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MNREGS) as there is no bank branch in the name 'Kemmadapatti' for their salaries to be credited.Veeramani (30) says that youngsters are more affected than the elderly and many are unaware of how to tackle the problem. \"Most of the elderly villagers do not complain as obtaining rations using the card is not a problem. But we require it for employment purposes, where it can pose a problem,\" he said.When new cards were issued in the year 2011, many villagers thought the problem would get resolved. But they were shocked to see that the name had again been registered with the same mistake.Another resident, Balasubramaniam, had to go through a lot of difficulties while trying to get a passport. He had to submit a petition to the tahsildar on a Rs 20 stamp paper, then wait for about four weeks for the him to clear it. Further, he had to wait for the village administration officer to give it in writing that the real name was 'Semmadaipatti' and put a stamp on it. \"His passport work took over three months and he nearly lost his job abroad due to the delay,\" says Pandian, a villager.Speaking to The Times of India, P Thangavelu, the panchayat president of Palakanoothu, said the problem had not been solved in spite of submitting petitions to the current and past district collectors of Dindigul. \"This is a 12-year-old problem, for which the government has not come up with a solution. We face a lot of problems in opening bank accounts for MNREGS and there are many who have dropped the idea of going abroad because of the cumbersome procedure, which involves bribes and inordinate delay for getting the name corrected for obtaining a passport,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "15100813", "title": "Death of child in car: Paras insisted on accompanying grandfather", "text": "PANCHKULA: Little Paras insisted to accompany his grandfather to their showroom on the day the family lost him. Two-year-old Paras, died on Saturday night, when he accidentally got locked in the car.\"He was pestering me to take him along. Everyone kept refusing, but he kept insisting. As a grandfather, I should have been strict but I wasn't. I took him along not realizing what was waiting for him,\" said Bhupinder Singh, deceased's grandfather, while bitterly sobbing. \"Paras had recently joined a play way school. The whole family was very excited about this new phase in his life. Singh is feeling quite guilty about the whole episode,\" said Tarsem Garg, one of the neighbours.In a tragic incident on Saturday evening, two-year-old boy Paras, a resident of Sector 7 in Panchkula, died of suffocation when he accidentally got locked in his car. Paras, was rushed to General Hospital in Sector 6, where he was declared brought dead. Grandfather Bhupinder Singh was taking lunch for Paras's father at the showroom in Mansa Devi Complex along with three more cousins. When they came back home, after a while, the family noticed that Paras was missing. Police was also informed and when the latter reached, they saw Paras lying unconscious in car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15100059", "title": "\u2018Come over to interview me\u2019 tops outrageous CV list", "text": "NEW YORK: What could be the most outrageous thing to write in a job application? As per a latest survey, it is a candidate calling himself a 'genious' and inviting the hiring manager to his apartment for an interview. On the other hand, the cases like a candidate giving the resume the form of a marketing brochure promoting herself as the best one for the job, and another one sending the resume in the shape of a fine-dining menu for a food and beverage management position, figure among the most creative ones.Another creative resume that won over the hiring managers , as per the survey conducted by research firm Harris Interactive in the US for leading human capital solutions firm CareerBuilder, is the case of a stay-at-home mom candidate listing her skills as 'nursing, housekeeping , chef, teacher, bio-hazard cleanup, fight referee, taxi driver, secretary, tailor, personal shopping assistant and therapist'.The survey was conducted among close to 2,300 hiring managers across the country, wherein they were asked to list out the \"the most memorable and unusual applications that came across their desk\".Some unusual ones included a candidate's cover letter talking about her family being in the mob, resume mentioning phishing as a hobby, resume decorated with pink rabbits, a candidate applying for an accounting job saying he was \"deetail-oriented\" and spelling the company's name incorrectly and the cover letter containing the term 'LOL'.The survey said that many candidates try a creative approach successfully, make a positive impression on the employer and, in some cases, ultimately get hired too.These included one candidate crafting his resume to look like Google search results for the 'perfect candidate'. Although not hired ultimately , he was considered for the job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "jamnagar", "code": "15099458", "title": "Consolidation, growth navy's thrust areas: Naval chief", "text": "JAMNAGAR: Admiral Nirmal Verma, chairman, chiefs of staff committee and chief of naval staff, has emphasized on 'consolidation' and 'growth' as the thrust areas for the Indian Navy. He was on a visit to INS Valsura, the premier electrical training establishment of Indian Navy at Jamnagar on Friday. Incidentally, he was commissioned in Valsura on 1 July, 1970 while undergoing the SLt(X) course.Verma informed the men about the many challenges that lay ahead of the Indian Navy, which was in the process of consolidation. The defence minister had earlier mentioned that around five ships/ submarines will be inducted in the Indian Navy in the five years, he said. Subsequently, a high tea with officers took place where the brigade commander Brig DK Nautiyal and AOC Air Cmde PR Nawalkar were also present. During the visit, he was taken around the entire establishment by CO, INS Valsura Cmde Sandeep Naithani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15099393", "title": "Showers of blessing cut outages in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: The drop in temperature following intermittent showers across the state has reduced the demand for power and allowed the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) to temporarily withdraw the daily scheduled power cuts since Friday.There has also been a steady rise in wind energy generation over the past few days. The total wind energy generation in the state has been between 2,900MW and 3,500MW per day, as compared to below 2,000MW last week, taking the heat off the electricity board.Board officials said they would not impose the daily one-hour power cut in the city and the three-hour outage in the districts for as long as the demand stays low. With the Met department predicting spells of rain in the coming days, morning temperatures are likely to remain relatively lower than normal for this time of year and ease the board's supply shortage situation.The state's total electricity consumption declined by around 500MW since July 1, TNEB officials said. \"Whenever there is an increase in total generation of electricity or a drop in demand, the benefit will be passed on to the consumers,\" a board official said. \"Wind energy generation was low last week, but it has picked up since them.\"The weekend power holidays for high tension consumers also helped the board divert electricity to domestic consumers, he said.However, he cautioned that the board had withdrawn scheduled power cuts only temporarily and would have to impose the outages id generation falls. Due to a decline in total generation, many areas faced unscheduled power cuts including wind energy.The state's electricity demand is around 12,000MW per hour but total generation is only 8,000MW per hour. Due to the showers in the city and elsewhere in the state, consumption declined by around 500MW. The total consumption of energy in the city, which has more than 20 lakh connections, was around 2,450MW per hour in June but for more than a week now it has been around 2,000MW. The decline of power consumption does not actually result in energy saving but helps reduce overall power deficit.With several power projects, including the Kudankulam nuclear plant, nearing completion or about to start production, TNEB officials are hopeful that its deficit problem could soon be resolved. Stage-II of North Chennai Thermal Power Station is being expanded, with two units of 600MW each expected to be commissioned before July and October this year. The Mettur thermal power station is also being augmented by 600MW by mid-2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "15099021", "title": "Convent school principal still on the run", "text": "JAISALMER: Two days after a Mumbai-based 'sharpshooter' was arrested, the police have failed to nab the 55-year-old principal of a missionary school who had hired him to kill a youth in Barmer.The principal's brother in Mumbai and the teacher too are allegedly on the run.The state police had rushed a team to Mumbai to study 'sharpshooter' Wahid Sheikh's background. The cops found that Sheikh, a petty criminal, has seven cases of theft and cheating registered against him at various police stations in Mumbai. No murder case was registered against him.\"It seems Sheikh befooled the principal's brother, who lives in Mumbai, as he had no background of murder,\" a senior police officer said.SP Barmer, Rahul Barhat said the principal's brother, who is a hawaldar in the RPF in Mumbai, is also absconding. \"The police searched the house of the principal's brother. He was absent from his duty at the Mumbai Central for the past few days. The police team is searching for the principal, his brother and the teacher and checking with various police stations in Mumbai,\" the officer said.One Vijumen Cherian had been protesting father Sebastian DeMello's, principal of Saint Paul School, illicit relationship with a female teacher of the school. The principal hired Sheikh for Rs 3.5 lakh through his brother in Mumbai to kill Vijumen, police said.However, on a complaint made by Vijumen, police arrested Sheikh from a hotel and registered a case against the school principal and his brother.He said that after the shooter being caught, principal father Sebastian De-Mello disappeared. De-Mello did not take charge at Saint Paul School at Falna and he has not reached his home in Mumbai.After the affair between the principal and the lady teacher came up, the principal was allegegely transferred to school's Falna branch. Vijumen had come to know about their alleged relations through his wife who also works in the same school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15100552", "title": "At Karkardooma, Metro's tall feat", "text": "Standing at 22m from the ground level, the interchange Metro station coming up at Karkardooma will be the tallest station in the Delhi Metro network . Part of the Mukundpur-Shiv Vihar corridor in Phase III of Delhi Metro, the new station \u2014 to be built at an angle to the existing station \u2014 will be as high as an eight-storey building. \"The difference in height between the two stations will be 7m,\" said a Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) spokesperson.The reason for going so high is the location of the existing station , say DMRC officials.\"The present station is part of the Yamuna Bank-Vaishali line, which goes from Preet Vihar to Karkardooma and then on to Anand Vihar. The new corridor, which will run from Trilokpuri and then pass Anand Vihar, will cross the Yamuna Bank-Vaishali corridor at a 90 degree angle,\" said the DMRC official.The height difference between the rail tracks of the two stations will be 10.55m. The existing station's height is 14.5m. While the Yamuna Bank-Vaishali corridor is built on broadgauge , the Mukundpur line will be built on standard-gauge . Till now, the Akshardham station is the highest station on Delhi Metro's network.However, height is not the only unique feature of the new station, say Delhi Metro officials. \"A curved foot overbridge will connect the two stations . The FOB, which will be 101m in length and 8m wide, will serve as a walkway for commuters and connect the concourse and the platform of the operational station with the concourse of the new station,\" said the DMRC official. It will stand at a height of 15.6m from the ground level.The new station will be built over five levels, with a separate area earmarked for property development by DMRC.The station area is more than 12,000 sqm with an additional area of 12,000 sqm for property development.Targeting the neighbourhoods of Karkardooma, Krishna Nagar, Gagan Vihar, Hargobind Enclave, Saini Enclave and Jagriti Enclave, the interchange station is expected to have a ridership of 17,709 commuters. The existing station has a ridership of 10,000 people.Officials in DMRC added that the tender for the station is yet to be awarded. It's scheduled to become operational by 2016.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15102760", "title": "This is the first time I am in Puri: Indraneil Sengupta", "text": "In Odisha to shoot for 'Gogol', actor Indraneil Sengupta shares the kahaani of his careergraphIs this your first visit to Puri? Yes, that's true. This is the first time I am in Puri. Though most people in West Bengal have always visited Puri, I have never done so. That's because I have lived in Mumbai. For me, it was Goa that has been a favourite destination. In fact, I am taken aback when Bengalis tell me that they've never been to Goa. Coming back to Puri, I am happy to be here. The sea is quite choppy and it's nice to take a stroll down the beach. I am more of a mountain person. My wife, Barkha, is the one who loves beaches. So, we end up going to a lot of beaches.What are you playing in \"Gogol\"? I play an undercover cop. I will be shooting in Puri till Sunday. Then, I shall return to Kolkata. I will be back in Puri to shoot between July 26 and July 30.Post \"Kahaani\", how has Bollywood warmed up to you?  \"Kahaani \" was a great experience. My role was small but there are many who loved my performance. I had shot for the film for six days with Vidya (Balan). Contrary to her on-screen serious image, she is a very fun loving person. I am not a prankster on the sets and so I ended up watching her play mischief on others. Vidya is a great combination of professionalism and laidback attitude.Considering that \"Kahaani\" is a huge hit, are you planning to do the rounds in Mumbai in search of good roles? I am in a very happy space. I am doing all kinds of cinema in Bengal and don't have the time to go to producers and directors in search of work in Bollywood. This year is literally crammed with projects. Had I been in an 18-yearold, I might have considered doing that. But not now. Once I finish shooting \"Gogol \", I will be doing a commercial Bengali film with Paoli Dam. Then, I will be off to Egypt to do \" Kakababu \" with Srijit Mukherji. Thereafter, I have agreed to do a movie called \"Glamour \" that is about the film industry. Talks are on to do \" Chandrakanta \" with Raima Sen. There was a 1957 movie by the same name that was done by Uttam Kumar and Suchitra Sen. But this film will not be a remake of the Bengali film. Rather, we will be revisiting the original text. \" Dashami \" with Koel is also coming up. With so much of work in the pipeline, I don't want to shut shop in Kolkata and struggle in Mumbai. It's great that I am getting such different offers.Considering that you have spent a lot of time in Gujarat and are now in Odisha, are you open to working in other regional industries? I would be interested in doing work down South. The film industry there is even bigger than that of Bollywood. The canvas is big and so is the money. But then, it will require a lot of effort from my side since I need to learn a new language. That apart, I am not thinking of diversifying in other regional industries now.With so much of work, how much of time to do get to be a hands-on daddy? When does Barkha stage a comeback? I'm afraid, I really don't have much time. Barkha and our daughter, Meira, are in the US now. Once Barkha is back in India, she will start doing movies.A number of Hindi cine stars are hosting reality shows and you too have hosted one in Bengali. Are you open to hosting national reality shows? If any good reality show is offered to me, why not?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15100509", "title": "More wooden nests for sparrows to come up in Thiruvananthapuram", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: After the successful installation of wooden box nests for house sparrows at the Palayam market in November, the Writers and Nature Lovers Forum (WNLF) is planning to expand its project to other places in the district.WLNF will install around 200 new wooden nests by next month at Chalai market, Neyyattinkara, Kilimanoor and Kattakada. There will also be an awareness campaign for the locals in the area where the nests will be installed.\"It is important to make the people aware on how to deal with the birds and not to disturb their environment,\" said C Rahim, President, WNLF.The initiative is part of the forum's efforts to save the declining species of the house sparrows seen mostly in the city especially near houses and railway stations. In the first phase of the project around 25 wooden nests were installed at the Palayam market.The initiative has been a success as the head-load workers and merchants in the market took to feeding and monitoring these birds. \"It is a delight having the birds around here, listening to their melodious chirps,\" said I Nizar, a vendor. \"We let them feed on our grains too,\" he added.The project will be done in association with the forest department and a letter regarding the matter will be soon forwarded to the forest minister. \"The forest department has shown keen interest in the project and has shown positive response regarding the fund,\" said Rahim.\"However, we need the green signal from the forest minister before we can go forward with the project,\" he added. According to various studies, research has shown that the mobile towers have caused a lot of hindrance to the living habitat of these birds, the radiation from the towers damages their eggs threatening their survival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15102705", "title": "Manak E plays Punjabi father in his Time Naal!", "text": "Many different alternative styles of songs have been brought forward by Manak-E along with many different styles starting from his Punjabi folk roots through to his more current Bollywood ventures. His recent success is with the influence of real life situations in his lyrics. Situations which most people can relate to.This recent installment follows on in his recent successes. Not to be mistaken as a sequel to any previous release, Time Naal represents a father's attempt to educate his children in the only way a desi Panjabi dad knows how. With the boot!Manak-E has worked with many producers in his time. On this occasion making use of his recent alliance with VIP Records, he has approached the highly talented musical duo of Kaos Productions. Using the vision of the song that Manak-E constructed, he has worked to create a different style of production that has not been heard from the duo before. Once again this shows off the diversity and adaptability of the production outfit.After getting these two monster artists together for a solid audio production, it was only fitting to carry on this through to the visual. The video has a very unique outlook on the story in which Manak-E himself takes the lead role of father. The more senior looking Manak-E (assisted by his sensible and abiding daughter) uses his 'king of the castle' approach to try and nail some sense into his care free sons. With an extravagant set, a brilliant story and an amazing song, this will defiantly be one to watch out for! Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15098567", "title": "Dacoity attempt foiled, seven arrested", "text": "PUNE: The Pune rural police on Sunday foiled a dacoity attempt on a company at Yeolewadi in Haveli taluka and arrested a gang of seven people. The police also seized sharp weapons from the gang.The suspects have been identified as Abdul Khan (30), Ibrahim Shaikh (18), Mohammed Chaudhari (22), Abu Chaudhari (24), Gudari Saha (32), Basu Dharia (32) and Aziz Saha (26), all hailing from Uttar Pradesh and staying at Maan in Hinjewadi. Inspector (crime branch) Nitinkumar Gokave nabbed the suspects at Bapdeo ghat near Yeolewadi.According to Gokave, he and his team were patrolling in the Bapdeo ghat area in the wee hours of Sunday, when they noticed a car parked on the road side. When the police van reached near the car, some people jumped out of the car and started running away. \"We chased and nabbed seven of them. One person managed to escape,\" Gokave said.The suspects admitted that they were planning to commit dacoity at a company in Yeolewadi. tnn\"They have also admitted to their involvement in thefts at variou companies,\" Gokave added.The investigating team included constables Vidyadhar Nichit, Sanjay Bhondve, Anand Kale, Suresh Hinge and Anand Kale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15099379", "title": "Is sanitation drive slipping in Tamil Nadu?", "text": "CHENNAI: A significant slump in the number of sanitation laurels won by villages in the southern states has once again raised the question of how well the Nirmal Gram Puraskar (NGP) incentives work. In Tamil Nadu, the number of villages winning the award has fallen drastically in the past three years.In 2008, the state had 1,474 villages that figured on the list of awardees. But in 2009, this number dropped to a paltry 196 and then rose slightly in 2010 to 237. But in 2011, the state again saw an abysmal figure of only 51 villages making it to the NGP list.\"The 51 villages shortlisted for the awards in 2011 are based on verifications done in 2009 and 2010,\" said an official. \"It is based on a period before we introduced our new sanitation initiatives. Watch out for the 2012 list, you may find an improvement,\" say government officials.Sanitation experts, however, say that even the small number may not be a representative of the situation in the state as the Union government had made award conditions stringent after a number of scams rocked the scheme. \"Earlier, village panchayats paid off the members of the inspection team in order to be shortlisted for NGP award,\" said V Ganapathy, a sanitation activist. \"But when the Union government got wind of it, they decided to tighten the scheme and give out awards to only a few who are truly deserving.\"Moreover, a new condition introduced last year has prompted many aspiring panchayats to drop out of the race. Villages that win NGP awards are expected to maintain the same sanitation levels in subsequent years as well or refund their award money, which runs to a couple of lakhs of rupees. According to Ganapathy, this condition was introduced after the government discovered that the award money in many cases was being used for purposes other than sanitation.This new clause, in addition to lack of support from the government has deterred applicants, said Ganapathy. \"Of late, we are seeing a 40% drop in the number of applications, partly due to tighter standards, risks of refund and also because the government awareness programme seems inadequate,\" he said. The total sanitation campaign introduced in 2006 was a target-oriented campaign that included ceaseless building of toilets, irrespective of availability of water.According to Ganapathy, most NGP villages find it hard to maintain their status and at least 60% of them have gone back to their earlier state of sanitation. At least 33% of the NGP villages have gone back to defecating in the open.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15099549", "title": "Goa CM petitioned over calendar for engineering students", "text": "PANAJI: On behalf of engineering students, former Fatorda MLA Damodar 'Damu' Naik submitted a memorandum to chief minister Manohar Parrikar to restore the old academic calendar for engineering which has been changed by the Goa University from the current academic year 2012-2013.In the memorandum signed by students of various engineering colleges, Naik said that the students will face problems due to this new calendar as there is no proper mention about when the internal exams are be conducted", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15100963", "title": "Stylish Ludhianvis give full marks to \u2018sharara\u2019 suits", "text": "LUDHIANA: 'Sharara' suits, Karachi-style salwar-kameez and other Pakistani dresses with heavy zardosi work are among the top sellers at an exhibition being organized the city.Displayed at various stalls in the bridal expo at a hotel here, these Pakistani costumes have won many hearts and have become the hot topic of discussion among visitors.\"Our 'sharara' suits and 'ijab' salwar-kameez have become very popular among Punjabi women. They already knew about these and are buying them for parties, weddings and other family functions,\" said a Pakistan-based designer Laila. \"Heavy zardosi work, which is the trademark of Paksitani designers, on suits is also in demand. I have got many such orders from would-be brides from Punjab,\" she added.Around five Pakistani designers have displayed their designs and fabrics in this exhibition that has been organized by a Chandigarh-based fashion designer Rashmi Bindra. Besides offering Pakistani designs, this two-day exhibition has brought country's finest costume and accessory designers, jewellery, wedding planners, home furnishers and homemakers under one roof in the city.Nelufer, a Pakistani designer, said, \"Ludhiana is a potential market for selling both traditional and innovative designs. Here, we have a good number of upscale women who do not mind spending some extra bucks if they are getting a unique product. I have bagged good orders from the city.\" \"In Paksitani suits, most of the weaving is done by hand and thus our products are comparatively more expensive.Our typical Karachi-style salwar-kameez is very popular in Punjab and many women are already wearing them,\" added Nelufer. Around 50 exhibitors have gathered for this exhibition from Delhi, Mumbai, Chandigarh and different parts of Punjab.Maximum rush is seen at women wear counters that are offering both ethnic and western designs to suit the taste of clientele. Bindra, 45, who has been designing for 26 years now, said, \"We have brought a wholesome package of everything \u2014 right from a bride's mangalsutra to home accessories \u2014 at their doorstep. Pakistani suits are a big hit.\" Vimmy Arora, a visitor to the exhibition, said, \"Paksitani suits are very elegant and they automatically add to the beauty of women. I bought six suits today.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15099372", "title": "District administration asks Allahabad landlords to deposit their tax in time", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Taking a serious note of unabated students' agitations over the issue of landlord's act of increasing house rent at frequent intervals in different areas of the city, district authorities on Sunday appealed to landlords to take care of grievances of students. The authorities have also asked landlords to deposit house tax and water tax on time.ADM (city) DP Giri said that thousands of students were pursuing their education and staying in rented accommodation in different parts of the city. He added that students were also residing in lodges and were facing economic crisis after house rent and lodge room rent was being increased by the owners at frequent intervals.He advised lodge owners to go for registration of their respective lodges and take care of student's grievances. A delegation of students have also met with the senior administrative officials and alleged that they were facing numerous difficulties in pursuing their students as house or lodge rent is being increased by landlords at frequent intervals. The students had already carried out a series of protest march and dharnas in the same regard.Officials were of the view that a number of lodges have applied for registration, but landlords are not depositing house and water taxes in time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune ", "code": "15105445", "title": "Suspects in drug trafficking sent to police custody", "text": "PUNE : A magisterial court on July 21 sent two drug traffickers and three peddlers to police custody remand till July 26 for allegedly possessing 1.4 kg of heroin worth Rs 21.75 lakh.The Pune crime branch arrested the five suspects near Patil estate slum on July 21, following a tip off that they were in possession of huge quantity of drugs.The suspects have been identified as Rajkumar Muttuswami Devender (51) of Sion, Mumbai, Raju Kharpade (30), Kiran Shivaji Kuchekar (22), Rasul Shaikh (41) all from Patil estate slums, Shivajinagar and Jafar Shaikh (29) hailed from Karnataka.Devender and Kharpade are drug traffickers. The duo had smuggled the heroin from Mumbai and were planning to sell it in Pune with the help of three drug peddlers Kuchekar, Rasul Shaikh and Jafar Shaikh.The suspect Kharpade is a criminal on police records. He was arrested in the year 2011 with 260 gm of brown sugar worth Rs 2.60 lakh. Another suspect Rasul Shaikh was also arrested with the 58 gm of brown sugar worth Rs 63,000. Police are verifying whether the suspects have any international links.Police sub inspector Vinod Patil produced the suspects before the court for seeking police custody remand for 14 days.Assistant public prosecutor Madhav Poul told the court that the custodial interrogation of suspects was essential for tracing a Mumbai based woman who had supplied heroin to the drug traffickers.Poul pleaded to give sufficient time to police to trace the customers who were purchasing heroin from suspects and for tracing the other suspect involved in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15100164", "title": "Think before eating organic food, it may turn you into a jerk", "text": "LONDON: Eating organic food can make you a jerk, as a new study has claimed that people who are exposed to such eatables are more likely to exhibit judgmental attitudes. \"There's a line of research showing that when people can pat themselves on the back for their moral behaviour , they can become self-righteous ,\" the author Kendall Eskine as saying.For the study, Eskine, assistant professor of the department of psychological sciences at Loyola University in New Orleans , and his team split 60 people into three groups. The first group was shown pictures of organic foods, second was shown pictures of comfort foods like brownies, and the third, control group, was shown pictures of non-organic , non-comfort foods, like rice, mustard and oatmeal. \"We found that organic people judged harder. There's something about being exposed to organic food that made them feel better about themselves and that made them kind of jerks,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103854", "title": "Success story of Vedanta Super 30", "text": "Niketan Rane's father passed away when he was just a year old. His mother earns a meagre, Rs 1,500 a month to run the house. Troubled by his mother's continuous struggle to provide for the family, he decided to challenge himself and studied hard to secure 97% in class X and 92.8% in class XII. His ambition was to pursue engineering, but lack of funds to aid his education held him back, until he enrolled for the Vedanta Super 30.Vedanta Foundation, a public charitable trust, in collaboration with Abhayanand's Super 30, has launched a campus in Vithalwadi, Mumbai that will train 30 underprivileged engineering aspirants for the IITJEE. The training will be conducted under the concept of Super 30, started by Abhayanand, who is presently the director general of police, Bihar.Vedanta Super 30 is a 10-month, free coaching programme that includes boarding and lodging facility, apart from the training provided. Thirty academically strong students, who need financial aid, are chosen through an entrance test and interview. \"The idea behind Super 30 is to aid and train talented underprivileged students to crack the IIT JEE. There are a number of students who are extremely talented, but can't afford private coaching. Vedanta Super 30 expands the concept of Super 30 in Maharashtra and other parts of the country,\" shares Abhayanand, DGP, Bihar Police and founder of the Super 30 concept. The first batch of Super 30 has already been selected through a process of examinations and interviews from 375 meritorious students who secured minimum 70% in class XII. The selection procedure includes a 300 marks written test, and a personal interview. Students who score the highest aggregate are selected for the super 30.Ravi Krishnan, CEO, Vedanta Foundation shares the idea of establishing the Super 30, \"Every talented student must get an opportunity to pursue his career aspiration irrespective of their economic condition. It is also important to support and nurture talent among talented students and ensure that they are facilitated with a conducive environment that strengthens their knowledge. Students will be coached through satellite training in addition to the regular classroom teaching. Exposing these students qualified trainers across the country will help them build confidence and inturn, perform well under exam stress.\" Apart from Maharashtra, Vedanta Super 30 will be launched in Rajasthan this week.Working on lines of the Super 30, Super 100 training will begin at Delhi NCR this week. Students who are interested in various Super 30 programmes to be held across India can visit www.csrl.inABOUT ABHYANAND'S SUPER 30Abhayanand, presently the Director General of Police, Bihar, conceptualised the Super 30 programme in the year 2003, with Anand Kumar, a mathematician. The programme selects 30 bright, underprivileged students and provides them free tutorial that enables them to appear for the IIT JEE. He has now joined hands with the Centre for Social Responsibility and Leadership, and focuses on running institutes in Delhi, Assam , UP and Bihar.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15106230", "title": "IIMA to help spread financial literacy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIMA) will help people make sound financial choices. The business school is developing a mechanism to spread financial knowledge among the masses.As a part of the project initiated by IIMA and supported by Citi Foundation, the institute had presented findings of a study on financial literacy in June. The survey of financial literacy among students, young employees and the retired in India by IIMA director Samir Barua and faculty members Sobhesh Kumar Agarwalla, Joshy Jacob and Jayanth R. Varma revealed that Indians score lower on financial knowledge compared to global standards.Findings from the study were presented at a symposium held in Delhi in June.In order to improve financial knowledge of people, IIMA will make people more literate about their finances, learn about financial products and help them make the right financial decisions.\"The first symposium was an effort to understand the literacy level in the country. The next symposium will work on making people more prudent about their financial choices. While the target segments will remain the same, the mechanism devised will be different,\" said Barua.The team will first understand the issues that people face while taking financial decisions and then recommend steps to improve them. IIMA will hold several such symposiums in the months to come, including one on its campus.The survey carried out on 3000 people says that a large part of poor financial knowledge can be attributed to poor numeracy skills due to poor primary education system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15100761", "title": "Cops to seek OK for jail inmate's custody", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Road police will seek the Maharashtra additional chief secretary's permission for the custody of Manojkumar Yadav (26), the inmate who has been held responsible for the death of another inmate Raju Revaskar (28), in a fight on the jail premises, senior officials here said.The jail authorities said Yadav had struck Revaskar on his head with a wooden plank at 2pm on Tuesday afternoon. Revaskar was taken to the Civil hospital here and later to Mumbai's JJ hospital for further treatment.Revaskar was admitted to JJ on Wednesday, but succumbed to injuries. While the Nashik Road police had registered a case of attempt to murder against Yadav, they will now book him for murder.Senior officials at the Nashik Road police station said that since Yadav was facing a sentence for murder, his custody in this new case needed the additional chief secretary's okay.Central Jail sources said Revaskar was serving a sentence for rape and was often taunted by fellow inmates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15098195", "title": "Sarang now fit and raring to go", "text": "NAGPUR: City shuttler Sarang Lakhanee, who turns 20 on Monday, will mark his comeback from injuries at the 2nd State Senior Ranking Badminton Tournament to be held at the Khar Gymkhana in Mumbai from July 25 to 29. Sarang last played at the Bangalore All-India tourney held last September.Sarang has suffered two serious injuries in the last one and half years. First, it was to his back and second, a shin fracture. The fracture took a lot of time to heal which forced Sarang to stay away from competitive badminton.Although a half-fit Sarang competed in the Senior Nationals (Bangalore) and Syed Modi Grand Prix (Lucknow) qualifiers in December, he failed to make any impact.Participating in these two tournaments when he was not fully fit perhaps aggravated his injury.He also fell back on rankings. Losing the contract of Air India was another setback for Sarang. \"The last few months have been very frustrating for me. I could not risk playing till the fracture had completely healed,\" Sarang, who was training under Pullela Gopichand in Hyderabad, told TOI from Mumbai on Sunday.\"Since I was adviced complete rest, I decided to spend time with my family. Swimming and gym helped me stay fit. I am now completely fit,\" said Sarang, who had reached the final of the All India Khaitan Memorial U-19 Junior tournament in Chandigarh in 2010.For the last one month, Sarang is training under Mangirish Palekar at Shuttle Craze Academy at the Hindu Gymkhana in Mumbai. Sarang wants to play a few tournaments before he rejoins the Gopichand Academy.\"Instead of thinking far too ahead, I have asked him to go step-by-step. He is very talented and should be able to regain his game after playing 2-3 tournaments,\" said Palekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103313", "title": "Bhumika\u2019s April Fool in single schedule", "text": "After playing the role of a journo in Ravi Babu's thriller \"Anasuya\", Bhumika Chawla will be once again seen in the role of a TV scribe for a film \"April Fool\". With the help of Lawyer Jagapathi Babu, Bhumika, who will be seen as an upright journo, exposes the evil practises in the society.Producer Seema Azaruddin describes \"April Fool\" as an absurd comedy-cum-socio fantasy entertainer where the story revolves around five characters. Gulshan Grover is playing the role of a mafia don (land-grabber). Krishnaswamy Srikanth Iyyengar is making his directorial debut.The film, which started shooting this month, will be shot at a stretch for the next 45 days. The entire shooting will be done in Hyderabad, except for one song, which will be shot in Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15098299", "title": "Lineman attacked after boy suffers electric shock", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residents of Munaganur village in Hayatnagar assaulted a lineman after a five-year-old boy accidentally came in contact with a live wire hanging from a pole.The victim was identified as M Vignesh of Munaganur village in Hayatnagar. The accident occurred on Sunday morning when Vignesh was playing near his house. \"He accidentally stepped on the electric wire that snapped from the pole last night. Villagers immediately separated the boy from the wire and rushed him to Kamineni hospital. His condition is critical,\" Hayatnagar inspector G Srinivasa Kumar said. Following the incident, angry villagers went berserk and attacked the village lineman. The villagers claimed that they had alerted the lineman several times about the loose electric wire, but he failed to respond in time. The villagers sat on a dharna in front of the lineman's office and they only relented after senior officials reached the spot and assured them to provide Rs 25,000 as compensation. Police have not yet booked any case as no complaint was lodged by the family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15098997", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation issues ultimatum to 87 pathology labs", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has issued an ultimatum to pathology labs which are not reporting the notifiable diseases to it. Of the 133 registered, only 46 labs are doing it every month despite it being mandatory on all.Medical officer (malaria and filaria) Dr Ashok Urkude told TOI that the NMC is finding it difficult to monitor the spread of notifiable diseases, including vector-borne diseases like chandipura, malaria, filarial, dengue etc, as some labs are not cooperating. \"Now, if labs do not report by July 31, their registrations will be cancelled or not renewed,\" he said.Deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir said that the action will be taken in the coming days on the rogue labs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104611", "title": "It is a male-dominated industry: Asin", "text": "Asin has done about 20 films down South, whereas her journey in Bollywood has just begun. She is only five films old here, and the Southern beauty is treading her path very carefully.Even as she knows that as an actress, she needs creative satisfaction with author-backed roles, till date she has acted in predominantly hero-oriented films. \"The sad truth is that only if you act in commercial films, will you be able to reach the maximum number of people and attain the elusive X factor,\" says Asin, who admitted that as an actress her role in recently released Bol Bachchan wasn't challenging at all. \"It wasn't the kind of a character that needed home work in first place,\" she says.Also, most of Asin's recent releases have been comedies. \"It is pure coincidence that I have had back to back comedies like Ready, Housefull 2 and now Bol Bachchan . But I want to try the other genres,\" she says.Wouldn't she want to try her hands at woman-centric films? \"I want to stick to the commercial format of films before I go for woman-centric cinema like what Vidya Balan does. All said and done, it is a male-dominated industry,\" quips Asin. Her next is action comedy Khiladi 786 with Akshay Kumar which is Akshay's home production.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15099510", "title": "Panchayats elect committees under Forest Rights Act in Goa", "text": "MARGAO: The process of implementing the Forest Rights Act by the state government gathered steam on Sunday, as several village panchayats in the tribal-dominated talukas of Sanguem, Quepem, Canacona and Dharbandora areas, held special gram sabhas to elect forest rights committees (FRCs) as required under the Act.While FRCs were constituted in many panchayats of these talukas on Sunday, the rest of the panchayats will do so at the gram sabhas to be held in the coming days, sources said.The FRCs, as per the Act, should consist of 10 to 15 members, 1/3rd of which should be from scheduled tribes and 1/3rd women.The special gram sabhas held on Sunday, while inviting claims from the tribals - over ownership of land as well as community rights - under the Act, have authorized the FRCs to accept those claims.All claims are required to be submitted to the FRCs within three months.The FRCs will verify the claims and prepare a map delineating the area of each claim indicating recognizable landmarks. A second gram sabha that will be held after three months will approve the claims and then submit them to the sub-divisional committee headed by the sub-divisional officer.Following the approval by the district level and state level committees, the claims will be settled as provided in the Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15098551", "title": "Noida village bans gutkha, to fine sellers", "text": "NOIDA: A Noida village panchayat has passed a bizarre order to make its area tobacco-free. On Sunday, a panchayat was held in Sarfabad village wherein the elders discussed how youth in their 20s have been suffering from critical diseases. Following the meeting, the village head announced that they will set cigarettes and gutkhas on fire and take an oath not to consume tobacco for a greater social cause.\"We have decided to ban sale of gutkhas and tobacco in our village. Any person found selling these products will be fined Rs 1,000. Also, if any person is found consuming them, he will have to shell out Rs 500 as penalty,\" said Mukesh Yadav, a resident of Sarfabad village.The panchayat will also reward those people who help in controlling sale and consumption of tobacco products in the village. \"We will reward Rs 100 to anyone who gives the panchayat information of people selling or consuming gutkhas,\" Yadav said.In the next phase, the panchayat will discuss banning liquor. Following their footprints, other villages in Noida have also decided to ban tobacco and gutkhas. Panchayat members said that the UP government should take note of their efforts and help them weed out this menace.\"Earlier, bodybuilding and wrestling were promoted in villages, but the youth are more interested in consuming gutkha and aping smoking by movie stars,\" said Naresh Yadav, Sorkha village headman.When asked what they would do if the youth consume gutkha or smoke outside the village, Sukhbir Singh, a panchayat organizer said, \"We cannot be omnipresent and follow people at all times. It is a start and we hope other people will join us for this social cause\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15099547", "title": "Students from diverse stations at National Institute of Technology - Trichy this year", "text": "TRICHY: Students from areas like Neyveli, Trichy and Namakkal have got admission in considerable numbers at the National Institute of Technology - Trichy (NIT-T) for this academic year, according to its dean (academic), Dr N Anantharaman.Speaking to TOI on Sunday, he said that generally, students from the Chennai region used to garner a lion's share of the seats, but this year, students of Neyveli's Jawahar Higher Secondary School, Trichy's RSK Higher Secondary School and Namakkal's SKV Matriculation Higher Secondary School bucked that trend by getting admissions.Admissions are strictly done by 'online choice filling' through a centralised counselling process and 50% of the 814 seats on offer in the undergraduate programmeme (both in engineering and architecture) are reserved under the home state quota (Tamil Nadu). A student's home state is where he completes his plus two board exam. In addition to this, there are a total of 109 seats reserved under DASA (Direct Admission of Students Abroad) at NIT-Trichy and at the close of Sunday, 98 students had confirmed their acceptance.Normally, schools like Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan Senior Secondary School, Dayanand Anglo Vedic (DAV) Public School and Bala Vidya Mandir in the Chennai region would gain a majority of the admissions in the only NIT located in the state. Though rural schools in the rest of Tamil Nadu also have bright students, they could not successfully compete in the AIEEE exams, the parameter for admissions, due of lack of wider exposure and proficiency in the English language in which the entrance exam is conducted. \"This is a welcome trend and more rural students must be brought into focus,\" said NIT-T director Dr Sundararajan.Dr N Ananatharaman said that the third round of counselling was to be concluded, but due to the accident in Maharashtra, the deadline had been extended by one more day across all NITs in the country. However, the NIT-T will go ahead with its initiation programmeme for first year B Tech and B Arch students on Monday as scheduled earlier. At the end of the third round of counselling, a total of 586 students had confirmed acceptance, out of a total of 617 students allotted seats through the slide down process. Likewise, 38 students confirmed their acceptance in B Arch, out of which 35 students have so far appeared for accepting their admission letters. In all, a total of 923 seats including DASA students are on offer and barring last minute cancellations, most of the seats would be filled. A few seats might still go waste as once the computerized system is locked, nothing could be done about it and no authority could fill them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15104599", "title": "Amarnath Yatra: SC shocked over increasing number of pilgrims' death", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expressing \"shock\" over growing number of Amarnath pilgrims' death, which has risen to 97, the Supreme Court on Monday asked the Jammu and Kashmir government to immediately deploy medical aid teams for 'yatris'.A bench of justices B S Chauhan and Swatanter Kumar said the state government should take assistance of the Centre and the governments of Uttar Pradesh and Punjab to deploy necessary medical teams for pilgrims.\"Thirteen more deaths happened during the three days after we passed the order. It is shocking,\" said the bench while pointing out that people of different age groups have lost their lives during the pilgrimage.\"We are worried and want to ensure that no more deaths are caused,\" the bench observed.It also asked the high power committee appointed by it to consider removal of the iron gate near the holy shrine as it is inconvenient for pilgrims and causes melting of the ice. It asked it to consider installing a fibre gate.The apex court on July 20 had set up a committee to recommend measures to prevent the growing number of casualties among Amarnath pilgrims saying it has become a permanent problem and a regular affair.The court had passed the order after taking suo motu note of media reports of pilgrims' deaths allegedly due to lack of proper facilities and medical care for them. The committee comprises secretaries of various departments including those from the ministry of environment and forest, the home affairs, the health and child welfare, besides the Jammu and Kashmir chief secretary.The court had asked the committee to visit the shrine and give the report to Jammu and Kashmir governor who is also the chairman of Shri Amarnath Shrine Board (SASB), responsible for holding the annual Amarnath pilgrimage.The apex court had also ordered that the committee would include director generals of state police, paramilitary forces CRPF and BSF and the Border Road Organisation, besides the CEO of Sri Amarnath Shrine Board and an environmentalist, to be nominated by J&K; governor.The committee was to examine and report on various issues which include widening of passage, checking pilgrims' health, improving medical facilities for them, deployment of adequate security personnel and assessing environment impact, the court had said.The apex court earlier had expressed concern over the increasing number of deaths of the pilgrims on way to the holy shrine and had asked the Centre and the state government to explain the causes of growing fatalities. It had also sought details of the facilities being provided to the pilgrims.It had also pointed out the lack of facilities for pilgrims en route and around the Holy Cave of Amarnath and had said that they have to stay for days on glaciers without any amenities and proper medical care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098563", "title": "Ray of hope for youth imprisoned in Pak?", "text": "MUMBAI: Bhavesh Parmar, a software engineer from Vile Parle lodged in a Pakistan prison, may sign a mercy petition to Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari on Monday.His lawyer Awais Sheikh said, \"The Pakistan home secretary has allowed me to meet Bhavesh in Lahore Central Jail on Monday at 11.00am. I am the first (non-official) person to meet him after his eight years in solitary confinement. I will get his signature on a writ petition and a letter addressed to the Pakistan president, seeking mercy on humanitarian grounds.\"A couple of days ago, Sheikh had put in a similar plea for another Indian prisoner in Pakistan, Sarabjit Singh.In 2004, a mentally disturbed Bhavesh, a top-ranker from NIIT, was arrested in Lahore without valididentification papers soon after alighting the Samjhauta Express. His family claims Bhavesh had become disoriented as weeks before his disappearance, he had to resign from his job with a leading ATM manufacturerfollowing his father's death due to cancer. The family says it was a double whammy for him.Over in Vile Parle, His mother Hansaben is hopeful that \"the long, dark night will soon give way to a morning\".\"I want to speak to Bhavesh over the phone, only then will my heart rest easy,\" says his mother Hansaben. \"I am worried whether my son , who is mentally ill,is in a position to read any document before signing on it,\" she added.Parle MLA Krishna Hegde, who raised the matter in the state assembly recently, has assured help, particularly to negotiate the legalese and red tape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15102240", "title": "NMIMS partners with SHRM to offer specialised MBA in HR", "text": "MUMBAI: The School of Business Management (SBM) of NMIMS has entered into partnership with SHRM India, a subsidiary of the Society of Human Resource Management (SHRM), a human resources professional association. The collaboration between NMIMS, and SHRM India will benefit students of the newly launched specialised MBA HR program at the institute. SHRM in US has developed research-based guidelines for HR curriculum to improve the quality of HR education and programmes from a global perspective.The course will be fully equipped with the recommended requirements for programmes as outlined in the SHRM HR curriculum guidebook and templates.SBM Dean Dr Debashis Sanyal says, \"Additionally, our students will also have access to a large learning resource such as the one SHRM provides.\"The tie-up will ensure interaction between the MBA HR students and practitioners. It will give student members of SHRM, an opportunity to network and learn from HR practitioners and thought leaders. The best student projects with novel and value adding content will be showcased on the SHRM India website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15099689", "title": "Contractor killed in road accident", "text": "HUBLI: Shivayogayya Pujar, 50, a Dharwad-based contractor was killed when his Tata Safari rammed a truck near Motebennur of Haveri district on Sunday. Byadgi police said the victim died while being shifted to Hubli for treatment. Five more persons have been injured in the accident. They are Muktum Saab Mulla (driver), Gururaj Hunasimarad (JD-S leader), Gurusiddappa Hiremath, Ramesh Languti and Nitingowda Patil of Dharwad. The accident took place when the car rammed into a truck which was parked by the road side. Police suspect that overspeeding of the car is the reason for the accident. Byadgi police have registered a case.Two girls drownTwo young girls drowned in a stream near Maski of Raichur district on Sunday. The deceased are Gayatri, 12, and Chitramma, 11. They had gone to the stream to wash clothes, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104488", "title": "Imran comes out of the comfort zone", "text": "Actor Imran Khan and Delhi Belly director Abhinay Deo still have a hearty laugh over the experience they had while making the expletive-ridden adult comedy and even as there are no talks about the sequel to Delhi Belly as Abhinay has got busy with his home productions, the duo joke about how many more adult jokes they can add if they ever make Delhi Belly part two. \"I just can't tell you what Imran and Iwere talking in the party. It is completely censored,\" laughed Abhinay when quizzed about their conversation.Meanwhile, Imran is just back from a grueling schedule of Vishal Bharadwaj's Matroo Ki Bijli Ka Mandola for which he had grown beard and moustache and had also learnt the Haryanvi language. Now back in his clean-shaven look it appears that he is back to being a movie star. \"I am this paan-chewing, venom spewing rustic jaat . It was terrifying initially when I started work on this film. I couldn't even string a single sentence together. I would fumble with the dialogues. I felt I had made a big mistake by accepting the film. But the director believed in me,\" said Imran.Starting off with frothy entertainers like Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na, I Hate Luv Storys, Break Ke Baad, Mere Brother Ki Dulhan, Imran has now decided to move out from the comfort zone and do stuff that has more substance. And besides, Matroo... Imran has some interesting projects coming up like Once Upon A Time Again and perhaps Tigmanshu Dhulia's next.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104602", "title": "Big audio launch for Thaandavam", "text": "The audio launches of director Vijay's films have always been innovative and interesting.While for Madrassapattinam , he had recreated the charm of old Madras at the venue of the event, he had got his unit members to put up stalls and amusement games for his other film, Deiva Thiirumagal . Now, for his forthcoming Thaandavam , we hear Vijay and the producers have something special up their sleeve!Thaandavam , starring Vikram, Anushka and Amy Jackson in the lead, is an action entertainer, and has music by G V Prakash. The audio of the film will be launched in a grand manner in Chennai on August 15, at Trade Centre. We hear that the makers have planned to organize an online contest, and the winners will be invited to attend the launch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15099814", "title": "Presidential poll: No tickets for the guilty MLAs", "text": "BANGALORE: A shamed BJP cracked the whip on Sunday evening, warning MLAs that stern action would be taken against those who had cross-voted in the Presidential poll.The party may punish the MLAs by denying tickets to the guilty in the forthcoming assembly elections scheduled early next year.Reacting strongly to the cross-voting, Dharmendra Pradhan , in charge of party affairs in Karnataka, told TOI the party had taken the matter very seriously and would soon form a committee to inquire into the incident. \"None will be spared. Serious action will be initiated against the guilty,\" he said. In the July 19 vote, 14 BJP MLAs cross-voted, ensuring that UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee got more votes than his rival PA Sangma.State BJP president and deputy chief minister KS Eshwarappa told TOI: \"Though we know who the culprits are, the party cannot come out with revelations without a formal inquiry. A probe committee involving senior party leaders will be constituted,\" Eshwarappa said. He, however, did not reveal the name of the suspects.A senior member of the party said the election was not crucial to the BJP, and the result was a foregone conclusion. \"We did not think of any mechanism to check cross-voting. Though it is difficult to pin down the errant legislators, a guesstimate is usually done. For this election, nothing was done,\" he said.The leader also maintained that the party may not consider taking the issue to its logical end. \"Our aim is not to bring rigidity into the party, despite the indiscipline. Some of our MLAs are supporting Independent MLA B Sriramulu , the party hasn't done anything. We just want to complete nine months in a calm atmosphere even if the performance is not excellent. Our only priority will be drought,\" he said.Cross-voting is not new to the BJP. In 2002, eight MLAs had cross-voted, ensuring that Independent candidate and business magnate Vijay Mallya sailed into the Rajya Sabha, defeating official candidate Taradevi Siddharth in 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15099065", "title": "NREGS wages pending in Amravati", "text": "AMRAVATI: All is not well with the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (NREGS) in Amravati district. Poor labourers have been crying foul for their pending wages and even muster of labourers is incomplete. These facts came to the fore when officials gave details about the scheme during meeting of the District Rural Development Agency (DRDA) held on Saturday at Zilla Parishad.MP Anand Adsul and Zilla Parishad chairperson, Surekha Thakare asked the officials to give reasons behind delay in providing wages to labourers. Officials informed that 1605 musters are incomplete while funds of Rs2.5 crore meant for wages are not yet distributed.Chief Executive Officer of Zilla Parishad, Anand Jagtap, too, admitted that some musters are incomplete and labourers are facing problem in receiving wages. The official concerned informed that around 65 per cent of work under NREGS is being implemented in Dharni and Chikhaldara tehsils of Melghat. Adsul, while suspecting foul play in the matter, said poor tribals are often duped and don't get wages on time. The official informed that the work has been affected due to staff crunch. \"Engineers handling NREGS are already busy with their routine work and 80 more are needed for smooth conduct of the scheme,\" the official added.Giving details, Jagtap said Melghat pattern of Amravati district is famous in entire country. \"The administration has spent Rs65 crore while the gram panchayats have done work worth Rs45 crore. Around 10,000 labourers have got work under NREGS.\"MLA Dr Anil Bonde suggested though monsoon has hampered NREGS but still work like plantation can be undertaken in farms but the agriculture department doesn't seem to be keen. Hence, it was decided to provide target to agriculture department for carrying out plantation work in farms.Other issues like road construction under Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna, defecation free village and rural water supply were discussed during the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098955", "title": "Cops may book Juhu party DJs", "text": "MUMBAI: The police are planning to book two DJs on charges of abetment in connection with the sundown party held in Juhu on May 20.\"The DJs were involved in sending out invites for the party. We will book them under section 29 of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act for abetment and criminal conspiracy,\" said additional police commissioner Vishwas Nangre-Patil. Both the DJs were part of Designer Hippies, said the police.The Juhu police have initiated the procedure to send summons to 42 people who have tested positive for consumption of drugs in the second batch. They have been given a week's time to respond to the summons. The results of the drug tests came out last week.\"As per the court's order, we will start calling in those who have tested positive in batches of five to six per day. They will be booked under the NDPS Act and released on bail once their statements are recorded,\" an officer said. They can express willingness to either undergo de-addiction or serve the punishment, cops said. They will be treated as victims and the process monitored by a panel comprising an ACP, a senior inspector, a representative of an NGO and a doctor from JJ hospital.The Juhu police have initiated the procedure to send summons to 42 people who have tested positive for consumption of drugs in the second batch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15102484", "title": "Seven CRPF personnel injured in gunbattle with Maoists in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Seven CRPF personnel were today injured during a fierce gunbattle with the Maoists at Bokop village in Khunti district, over 50 km from here, police said.\"Among the seven CRPF jawans injured, the condition of four of them is serious. They are in the ICU of Apollo hospital in Ranchi,\" Khunti superintendent of police M Tamilvananan saqid.He said raids were being conducted after the encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15100696", "title": "From this year, no internal exams for undergraduates", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a significant move, the internal assessment exams in city's government colleges for undergraduates will be abolished from academic session 2012-2013 and students instead will be marked on the basis of presentations given by them in the classes.As a substitute of written exams, students' communications skills will be checked during presentations and marks will be awarded accordingly. The internal exams held in the months of September and December each year in all Panjab University affiliated colleges carry weightage in the annual exams conducted by PU.The move, however, will be implemented in city's 11 government colleges to begin with. \"Teaching hours that used to get subtracted due to exam preparation and then one week exam schedule can now be properly utilized,\" said Ajoy Sharma, UT director higher education. 20% of total 100 marks in final exams for all undergraduate college students depends on these internal exams. Out of these, September and December exams contribute 40% and 60%, respectively, to these 20% marks in finals.In what could set a new academic trend on college campuses, another reason cited for this decision is \"week-long schedule\".\"The exams require an elaborate schedule and datesheet and a few days before that students proceed on leave. Thus affecting teaching,\" said Mani Bedi, principal of Post Graduate Government College, Sector 42.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15098324", "title": "Maruti mulls sacking attackers", "text": "GURGAON: Firmly believing that Manesar mayhem was pre-planned by workers' union, the Maruti management is considering mass sacking of those arrested in connection with the incident, say top company sources.In a meeting held to assess the situation and decide the future course of action, the management discussed the termination of contract of all those involved in the incident.Confirming this, a senior Maruti management, official, said, \"The workers have been charged of criminal activity at the plant and the Special Investigations Team (SIT) of Gurgaon police is investigating the criminal conspiracy behind the brutal violence that happened that day. Those named in the FIR and charged as per the IPC rules, will be terminated in due course of time as per the company rules.\"The management has also decided not to employ casual labour from March next year in production-related operations. The officials also reiterated that the attack was pre-planned by the workers. \"There are enough reasons to believe that attack was pre-planned,\" said another management official.\"Workers first damaged the CCTV cable network; another group then bashed up the fire tender employees and the same group then demolished the CCTV control room near the gate. The idea was to destroy the set up so that nothing is recorded,\" said the official.On the fateful day, the official said, the union was having a meeting in the administration block and the workers were just waiting to launch the attack. \"They knew the exact location of all the senior management officials. They had brought rods etc,\" said the official. The workers went on a rampage and then ganged up and attacked everyone in HR and administration block,\" said the official.The police have so far nabbed 97 workers on charge of arson and violence at the plant. On Saturday, the decision to announce the lock-out at Manesar plant was taken due to heightened security risks in wake of the Wednesday incident. The police presence has also been beefed in other plants in Gurgaon. Despite the lock up, the company has decided to dispatch cars from its stockyard at the Manesar plant to dealers across the country.\"The dispatch operations won't be affected and will continue from Manesar,\" said M M Singh, COO, Maruti Suzuki India (MSI). The inventory at Manesar plant has 26,000 units at present and the company had resumed dispatching cars from the stockyard to various dealers across the country on Friday. On Wednesday, violence broke out at the plant where a senior official was burnt alive and 100 others were injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15100306", "title": "How Kolkata groomed the first President 100 years ago", "text": "KOLKATA: Pranab Mukherjee may be the first President from Bengal but the state - and Kolkata in particular - have had a century-old tryst with Raisina Hill.It was 'Calcutta' that groomed Dr Rajendra Prasad to become an able leader and take over as the first President of India on January 26, 1950. The second President, Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, also had links with the city and lived here for several years.Prasad's links with the city date back to 1902 when he joined Presidency College and was a boarder at Eden Hindu Hostel with his brother. In college, his teachers included Jagadish Chandra Bose and Prafulla Chandra Ray. His first election victory was a record. In 1904, as a third year student at Calcutta University, Prasad defeated a senior from the city itself to become secretary of the students' union.This was at a time when junior students dared not speak to their seniors unless spoken to. In 1905, he was initiated into the Swadeshi Movement by his elder brother Mahendra and joined the Dawn Society run by Satish Chandra Mukherjee and Sister Nivedita.In 1909, Prasad started studying law in Kolkata and a couple of years later began practice in the city under Khan Bahadur Shamsul Huda. At the same time, he was elected to the All India Congress Committee. A year later, Sir Ashutosh Mukherjee, after hearing Prasad arguing a case, offered him a faculty position in CU's department of law. He accepted and also completed his master's degree in law in 1915 from CU. A year later, he moved to Patna.Radhakrishnan also had a stint at CU. In 1921, he was appointed professor in philosophy to occupy the King George V Chair of Mental and Moral Science. In 1926, he represented CU at the Congress of the Universities of the British Empire and the International Congress of Philosophy at Harvard. In 1929, he was invited to deliver the Hibbert Lecture on the ideals of life, which was delivered at Harris Manchester College, Oxford. This lecture was later published as 'An Idealist View of Life'.It has been 50 years since Radhakrishnan assumed office as President. None of the Presidents after him have had close links with the Kolkata or Bengal. \"It is certainly interesting that a Bengali will take over as President of the country so many years after the country became a Republic,\" said Biswanath Roy, head of the department at CU.CU student Souvik Chakraborty is happy but wonders: \"For so many years, why couldn't a President be selected from the hundreds of Bengalis who had the potential to run the country.\" Ashok Kumar , senior assistant at the University College of Arts and Commerce, believes Mukherjee will do well as President but Susanta Sarkar, a private firm executive, is keeping his fingers crossed. \"It is a matter of pride for Bengalis but we will have to wait and see what he does after taking over as President,\" said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15099527", "title": "Land on New VIP Road sold with bogus documents", "text": "VADODARA: Police officials posted at city police station were on their toes on Sunday afternoon after a case of cheating was registered against about eight to 10 people. The complainant, Ramesh Patel, had made an application to the police some months ago stating that his land his land on the New VIP Road was sold by the accused with the help of bogus documents.The police began investigating the case about four months ago. \"We investigated the case and found that the accused had prepared bogus documents and sold off the land to one Moinuddin, who even got power connection there. The accused submitted fake documents to even police,\" said city police inspector M H Waghela.\"We registered an offence of cheating and trespassing but the accused are yet to be arrested. On Sunday, we approached those who have opened shops on the land. We asked the occupants to produce documents. However, instead of responding, the occupants left the area and some even started dismantling the temporary sheds erected on the land,\" said Waghela.The accused, according to sources, even tried to wield their political influence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15099341", "title": "10 teens held for torching 12 bikes in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Young bikers who had set 12 bikes ablaze in the city on Thursday have been nabbed. All aged between 16 and 19 years, the 10 detained teens have told police that they did it for fun and a high.City police officials on Sunday rounded up the teens from upper middle class families. \"They were high on drugs such as charas and cannabis and wanted to do something 'exciting.' More youths are expected to be identified who were part of the larger rogue bikers' group,\" said police.On July 19, residents of Sola, Vastrapur and Ghatlodia saw bikes and scooters burning outside their residences early in the morning. In total, 12 bikes were set on fire between 4 am and 5 am by a group of rowdies who had come on bikes and disappeared early in the morning. The cops drew a lot of flak for all the incidents that had taken place at prominent points of the city including Commerce six roads, Vastrapur and Bhuyangdev Crossroads.\"We had intensified patrolling and had also asked the surveillance squads of various police stations to keep an eye on the young miscreants who gather at common meeting points such as paan parlours and tea stalls late in the night. The strategy helped us crack the case in a matter of days,\" said V Chandrasekhar, deputy commissioner of police, zone I.Sharad Singhal, in-charge DCP, zone I, told the media on Sunday that a team of Naranpura police got a tip-off on some youths suspected to be involved in the incidents. Along with a team of zone I string force, they rounded up some suspects who had gathered near Krishna Paan Parlour in Shastrinagar late on Saturday night and questioned them thoroughly.\"Two youths, Kushal Patel, 19, a resident of Bhimjipura in Vadaj, and Yash Modi, 19, a resident of Vejalpur, confessed that they were part of the group involved in the act. During their questioning, we got names of other accused including minors. The duo confessed that they were habitual to drugs and used to go out in a group,\" said Singhal.The group members pointed fingers towards each other for the incident and stated that some of them had earlier indulged into breaking windows of parked cars and had also burnt bikes at housing societies along the SG Road. None of these incidents had been reported and the miscreants had got away with their mischief. Emboldened by this the youths decided to do something big and 'exciting'. Investigators said that more youths involved in the incidents will be rounded up.In April, the city police had arrested six other young bikers of the same profile. They used to indulge in breaking car windscreens for fun. Between January and April, the gang had broken windscreens and windows of 45 cars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15100853", "title": "Chandigarh schoolkids sing to create awareness against femicide", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Students from different city schools highlighted the need to save girl child with a musical event at Sector 17 plaza. Around 40 students from schools such as St John's High School, Carmel Convent, St Stephens, St Anne's and Scared Heart participated in the event, which was organized by All Religions Youth Association (ARYA).Songs which were played were dedicated to the girl child like \"meri maa\" and \"phoolon ka taaron ka\".\"It's a move against female feticide and it is important to understand the issue at an early age in life,\" said Father Joseph, one of the organizers. \"We will not stop here. we will hold more such events and seminars because we want to bring the change,\" said Michaelangelo, a social justice facilitator. \"I appreciate their efforts for organizing this event as awareness is needed,\" says Ridhimaa Kaushal, a resident of Sector 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15099856", "title": "Women come forward to fight for their security", "text": "INDORE: Women in Indore have decided to stand up for their security. A candle light ceremony was held at Gandhi Hall by an organisation, Jwala, on Sunday.The participants carried placards with slogans. The procession came to an end at Regal Square. Jwala is an organization founded by a group of people opposed to crime against women. The rally progressed towards the Regal Square with the slogan \"Ek Lau Mahila Samman Ke Naam\".Dr Divya Gupta, a gynaecologist by profession and founder member of 'Jwala', said, \"The purpose of Jwala is to make women aware about women-related laws. We are not here to demand anything from the government. All we want is that hearing of such cases should be in fast-track courts only.Women from different professions like law, medical, social and housewives came forward for a good cause. Jwala will emerge as a helping hand in days to come, which will provide its service to the women folk in hour of need.\"I feel educating women is not going to help, the root of problem lies in our homes. Treating women with respect in every house alone can bring change in the society,\" Dr Gupta said, adding \"Women should also realise they can stand up for themselves.\"The rally, organised to protest for the crimes against women, progressed towards the Regal Square with the slogan \"Ek Lau Mahila Samman Ke Naam\". Another member of Jwala, Dr Savita Inamdar says, \"Women are not safe anywhere. Be it inside a house or even on streets. We want to let the suffering women know that we are here for them. This protest is an expression of solidarity for those who have experienced pain and subjected to violence.\"While women showed up for the protest in big number, men were also present. Indore has witnessed several incidents of sexual assaults and other brutalities against women in recent past and the number of such atrocities seems to be going up with each passing day.Indore's shame:Three-year-old girl Shivani was gang-raped and murdered: June 2422-year-old woman abducted and gang-raped: July 115-year-old raped: July 14Woman's genitals were pierced to put a lock by her husband since 2008", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15105502", "title": "IRCTC deactivates 44,000 multiple user IDs", "text": "NEW DELHI: As many as 44,000 multiple user IDs have been deactivated by IRCTC in its efforts to weed out agents from unscrupulously cornering general and Tatkal train tickets through the e-ticketing system.\"We have launched a concerted drive against unscrupulous agents and deactivated 44,000 multiple user IDs till now. A handful of agents were trying to corner the tickets through these IDs causing inconvenience and harassment to general public,\" a senior IRCTC official said.Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation operates the e-ticketing website of the national transporter. It has about 1.35 lakh registered agents on its rolls. Some of these agents had opened multiple user IDs using the same mobile numbers and e-mail IDs.\"Our vigilance teams have also deactivated more than five lakh such IDs created by individuals,\" the official said, adding, \"these individuals are basically unauthorised agents.\"Plagued by increasing complaints from genuine passengers about unavailability of tickets, Railways have undertaken a slew of measures including change of Tatkal booking time and more restrictions on agents.The revised booking time for Tatkal tickets was enforced on July 10 and since then, the IRCTC has been closely monitoring the bookings and even cancelling suspicious ones. Now agents are not allowed to book Tatkal tickets between 10 AM and 12 noon.The move to segregate Tatkal booking timings from the advance reservation period, which opens at 8 AM, has led to a massive jump in the booking of online tickets.\"The total ticket booking has gone up to 74,000 including 46,000 tatkal tickets in the first two hours after July 10. Prior to this the total booking was 63,000 including 43,000 Tatkal tickets,\" the official said.The IRCTC had recorded an average of 4.47 lakh e-tickets per day since the new timing for Tatkal tickets came into force on July 10 as against the 3.60 lakh average earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15099735", "title": "139 school buses inspected in Bhopal, 70% found unfit", "text": "BHOPAL: Most school buses operating in the state capital do not have first aid boxes, grills along the windows, space to store bags beneath the seats and effective speed governors as mandated by the Supreme Court's guidelines on safety for school buses. This came to light during the inspection of school buses in the city on Sunday, the second day of the drive.The two-day check-up drive for school buses ended and the authorities are now mulling to meet the school authorities and discuss with them the outcome of the drive and efforts needed to implement the safety guidelines on school buses.Speaking to TOI, deputy commissioner Bhopal division Urmila Shukla said, \"We would soon convene a meeting with the authorities of the 21 schools whose buses were checked during the two-day drive. Most buses lacked first aid boxes, absence of three horizontal grills fitted on windows and faulty speed governors.\"She added, \"After the meeting a third drive may be conducted besides random checking. After that if the school buses are found lacking in complying with norms, their permits would be cancelled.\"On Saturday 12 schools were inspected by four teams and 139 buses were checked. Of this, the maximum number of buses belonged to Delhi Public School (DPS) which had 50 buses. While 31 were found to be fit, 19 were unfit according to the district administration officials.Test drive of some buses of St Joseph Convent on a 8 km patch of VIP road revealed that the speed governors were not functioning properly.Tehsildar Varun Awasthi who headed the team that inspected 25 buses of the school told TOI, \"The speed governors were not functional. While the speed limit is 40 km per hr, the buses were easily crossing that mark.\"St Joseph's Co-ed, Arera Colony was inspected by the team headed by tehsildars Atul Singh. He said, \"While six buses were shown to us, another was partially hidden inside the school campus. This was registered under the principal's name. This last bus did not have speed governors installed in them. Besides, both the permit of the bus and license of the driver had expired.\"He added, \"Vindhyachal Academy, Kolar Road had three buses which were inspected. All were fit.\"Ratanpur situated Maharshi Vidya Mandir, which has 35 buses got only 10 buses inspected on Sunday. The rest, the authorities said had gone for servicing.Tehsildar Manish Shrivastava said, \"None of the buses had the relevant documents like permits. Besides, they lacked first aid boxes, grills, fire extinguishers and a driver did not have license.\"The two schools under BHEL education board; Jawaharlal Nehru and Vikram Higher Secondary School had 20 buses to be inspected. Transport official Satish Virha said, \"We were kept waiting for two hours after we arrived at the school premises at 3 pm. After waiting when the school authorities were contacted, they gave in writing that the school did not have any buses that were plying for students. No buses came for inspection.\"Buses of Billabong High School did not had first aid boxes while two drivers who had less than five years' experience and no space for school bags.Authority speakNajam Jamal, chairman Billabong High School: The inspection report submitted by the transport in-charge shows everything is okay in the buses. Maybe it is a miscommunication. I will check with him again.Fr Johnney PJ, principal St Joseph's Co-ed: The deficiencies in one bus owned by the school shall be rectified in two days' time. I was unaware of the deficiencies.Michael Patole, principal Jawaharlal Nehru School: We had informed all the bus owners, 10 from BHEL and 10 other run by private owners. None turned up. Also the school has never authorized any of the buses to use the school's name nor do we charge any school bus fees.SN Rai, principal Maharshi Vidya Mandir: I am out of station and hence unaware.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15106003", "title": "Woman held for theft in Pune cantonment area", "text": "PUNE: The Pune cantonment police have arrested a 30-year-old woman for allegedly stealing a cell phone from a jewellery shop located on the centre street in Cantonment area.The police have identified the suspect as Sakina Aziz Ali Irani (30) of Pathare Vasthi, Loni Kalbhor. The police team led by senior police inspector of the Cantonment police station Sushama Chavan made the arrest.Chavan said that on June 26, Irani had entered into Navakar Jewellery shop on the pretext of purchasing gold ornaments. She had diverted the attention of the shop owner Ranjit Soni and had stolen the cell phone worth Rs 25,000 from the shop.The shop owner Soni had lodged the complaint with the police station. Chavan said that CCTV in the shop had recorded the entire action of the suspect woman. The police have sent a team comprising police sub inspector B C Gavit, police constables Rahul Ghadge, Nandkmar Shinde, Neminath Katke, Nilesh Patil, Prakash Desai, Shrikant Gangurde and Sharad Wakse to trace the woman. The team managed to arrest the suspect Sakina Irani from Loni Kalbhor.During the sustained interrogation Sakina Irani admitted her involvement in the theft. \"We suspectthat she may have been involved in more such cases in the city,\" Chavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15099244", "title": "Consultant for international stadium to be finalised on July 30", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government is all set to appoint a consultant for the proposed international sports complex in Sultanpur Road. And if officials are to be believed, then the government is likely to finalise the consultant by July 30.Well placed sources in Lucknow Development Authority said that the consultant will be asked to submit its report within six months after which work on the ambitious project would start. LDA vice-chairman, Rajneesh Dubey said that a pre-bid conference has already been held with the bidders. \"We hope to get into the groove soon,\" he said. The state government has already cancelled the contract agreement with an US-based consultant, which was entrusted with the job to assess the feasibility of the ambitious international sports complex proposed at Sultanpur Road.The housing department had asked the LDA to appoint a consultant afresh before the project is piloted. LDA in 2009 had appointed US-based Deloitte consultants to examine the feasibility of the project and came up with a broad framework within which the facility was to come up. The move had come within months after the then Mayawati government hammered down the Gomtinagar Stadium to pave way for extension of Ambedkar memorial, evoking sharp response from people.The state government is planning to allocate 50 acres of existing 130 acres land available in Ardaunamau village to the sports complex, while the rest may be used for a grand housing cum commercial complex. LDA officials said that the new consultant would be asked to examine all the crucial aspects before it is set on an execution mode. Besides cricket, the complex will house facilities for other sports also. Officials said that the sports complex is proposed to have a capacity of around 50,000 people at any given point of time. Though the cost of the project is yet to be finalised, it is estimated to come up at a cost of around Rs 400 crore.Notably, the state government has also decided to invite bids to select a consultant for the implementation of Bus Rapid Transit System proposed in Lucknow. The Ahmedabad-based Centre for Environment Planning and Technology (CEPT) had prepared a pre-feasibility report of the project earlier in May.A high-level committee headed by chief secretary Jawed Usmani, has cleared the bid document for inviting request for qualification from firms having experience in BRTS-related projects. The consultant will have to prepare a detailed project report and assist the state government in the bidding process for selection of a developer for the project. In this also, the LDA will be the nodal agency for the project till the formation of a special purpose vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15100670", "title": "Rain makes Chandigarh hot and sticky", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Rain in Panchkula and Mohali on Sunday evening brought much needed respite to the residents from the hot, sticky weather conditions, but it made things worse for those living in the city. Instead of cooling things down, rainfall in the adjoining areas made the humidity levels rise in the city, adding to people's discomfort.The maximum temperature on Sunday was recorded at 35.3 degrees celsius. No rainfall was recorded by the met department though sectors 7, 8 and 26 received light rainfall. On the other hand, the rain resulted in water-logging and consequent traffic jams in Panchkula and Mohali.Those living in the city got an ideal opportunity for a perfect get-together with friends living in Panchkula and Mohali, where they enjoyed the rain in the traditional Indian way, with hot masala chai and gujjiya.Divankar Gupta, who works with a private bank in Sector 17, and who went to meet his friend in Mohali said, \"On other days having a little party seems quite impossible, so we thought that it was a good time to make up for all the previous showers we have missed.\"Sukriti Mishra, a college student said, \"We were out for a geri and then on an impulse we went to Panchkula and gorged on some street food in Sector 5.\" While some welcomed the rain by playing in the rain, others shared their joy through facebook posts. \"Eating pakoras with a cup of tea is the best way of enjoying such lovely weather. I love rain,\" wrote Gurnish Kaur, a student.It's raining... It's geri time,\" wrote Arjun Khanna, a resident of Sector 28. There were many who shared famous rain songs like \"Ek ladki bheegi bhagi si.\" On Monday, maximum temperature would be around 36 degrees celsius, while minimum would be around 28 degrees. The weatherman predicts rain and thunder or light showers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104584", "title": "Kalki Koechlin in fun loving avatars", "text": "Known for her offbeat roles in \"Dev D\" and \"Shaitan\", Kalki Koechlin will soon be seen playing fun loving avatars in movies such as \" Ek Thi Daayan\" and \" Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani\".The 29-year-old actress, who began her career playing a MMS scandal victim who turns into a prostitute in 2009 release \"Dev D\", was last seen portraying a student activist in \"Shanghai\".\"I am playing this bohemian happy-go-lucky girl in 'Ek Thi Daayan'. She is a very sweet 'non- daayan ' like character. I do get into an unpredictable zone but the inherent sweetness doesn't go,\" Kalki told PTI.The film, directed by Vishal Bhardwaj, also stars Konkona Sen Sharma and Huma Qureshi.\"I am not necessarily a 'daayan' but then I could be the one! It is this very unpredictability about the film that I love most. It is a contemporary film set in today's Mumbai,\" Kalki added.The actress is also busy these days shooting for the Karan Johar-produced \"Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani\".Talking about her character, Kalki said, \"In this film I am playing a very loving girl, someone who everyone falls for. This is again the kind of character that I have never done before. I am getting into the shoes of this really 'bindaas', loud and funny girl.\"\"Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani\" stars ex-flames Deepika Padukone and Ranbir Kapoor and is directed by Ayan Mukerji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15099804", "title": "Farmers can\u2019t be at mercy of market forces: Shivraj Singh Chouhan", "text": "BHOPAL: State chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has said his government and his party vowed to fight for justice of farmers, who cannot be left at the mercy of \"market forces.\"In a statement on a resolution demanding that Centre rollback prices of fertilisers, Chouhan claimed that farmers had been left at the mercy of market forces, and this would not be tolerated. The statement was tabled in the Assembly amid din last week, with the opposition Congress demanding a discussion on corruption.Chouhan said the prices of fertilisers had been increased more than once in a single season, putting a heavy burden on farmers. The Centre should follow the policy which was in operation before April, 2010, wherein supply of fertilisers was not affected by prices in the international market or the devaluation of the rupee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15102124", "title": "Neta-log said I should be an actor: Mohammad Samad", "text": "He plays the role of an orphaned street kid who dreams of defeating the big black kite 'Kali' in Rajan Khosa's Gattu. In real life, his financial condition is only marginally better than his onscreen character. Twelve year old Mohammad Samad's father owns a grocery store in the backwater town of Roorkee.Mohammad is the youngest of six siblings. His four sisters and a brother have not seen Gattu yet. Neither has his mother. There was a screening of Gattu on Tuesday in Delhi for high-level bureaucrats and politicians. Jaya Bachchan was there too. But not Mohammad's family. There was also a premiere in Mumbai, attended only by the boy and his father.In all his innocence, the quiet non-talkative boy blurts out, \"We only got two tickets to attend the screening in Delhi and Mumbai. So only my father and I went. My mother and my brother and sisters have not seen the film.\"They're not likely to either. Roorkee, where the film is shot is perhaps too small a market for the venture.Explains the boy, a diehard Salman Khan fan, \"There used to be six movie theatres in our town. Now there's just one. My film is not releasing in our town. So I don't know when my family would see what I've done.\" But his stardom has surely reached the small city. \"My friends in school have seen me on television. They keep asking me, 'Arrey tu kaise hero ban gaya? Tu to achcha acting kar leta hai. Kahan se sikha? \" reveals the boy.Incidentally, Mohammad had no clue about acting before he landed a role in the film. \"I didn't know what acting was. I just auditioned for Gattu when the crew came to our school looking for children to act in the film. I was among the 20 children who were selected. Then the list was made shorter. I was one of the four finalists. One fine day, they told me I was selected. I was happy to have come first. I wanted to make my parents proud,\" he claims.Then began the workshop. And it wasn't easy for the boy from a small town. \"Rajan Sir (Khosa) helped me a lot and so did the other acting teachers. I was told to do strange things like pretending I am in an ocean in a boat. Dheere-dheere main samajh gaya. It was just like understanding my lessons in classroom. My character also had to play-act in school pretending he was a jasoos . So I understood acting was all about pretending,\" Mohammad tells us.However, when he had to cry in front of the camera, Mohammad got cold feet. \"Rajan Sir said, ' Rona padega' I didn't know how to cry on camera. He said he would take care of it. But I was really scared I would get it wrong. But I managed,\" he reveals.Mohammad, who has made up his mind to be an actor when he grows up, adds, \"When the film is screened, people say I'm good. So I must be good at acting. After the screening in Delhi, all the neta-log were very nice to me. They told my father I must become an actor when I grow up. I love Salman Khan's movies. When I grow up, I want to be like him. I also love Katrina Kaif .\"And how has his life changed after Gattu? \" Kuch nahin. School jaata hoon. Dost log poochte hain kab film release hogi hamare shaher mein,\" quips the twelve year old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15098813", "title": "Mob broke car windows, looted cash", "text": "NEW DELHI: The violence that broke out in a part of the Walled City late Saturday night caught many people unawares.Dr A S Khan had just landed in the city from Ajmer when the unrest began. While he was checking into a guesthouse at Daryaganj crossing, the mob vandalized his Skoda parked outside and made away with his luggage containing Rs 7.5 lakh.\"As I escorted my family to our room, we heard shots. At first we thought somebody was firing but within seconds our eyes began to burn and we realized tear gas shells had been lobbed. When I rushed downstairs, the car's windshield was broken and everything was gone,\" said Khan.Eyewitnesses said a section of the mob took to damaging parked vehicles and roughing up passersby. The mob set on fire two police vehicles, broke six cars and burnt five bikes.Some eyewitnesses said a small group of people initially clashed with the police. At the same time, a large group returned after offering Taravi namaaz. This gave an impression of a large mob being at the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15099715", "title": "Cong, BJP slug it out over daily water supply in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: Politics has taken over the issue of daily water supply in the state capital as the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Congress corporators in the Bhopal municipal corporation (BMC) taking contrasting stands and unwilling to yield.The BJP corporators and Mayor Bhopal, concerned over the erratic monsoon this year, wants to do away with the daily water supply and revert to the alternate day supply while the Congress corporators want the supply to be daily.\"BMC council cannot take any proposal back after it has been passed in the council. The ruling party should have been prepared to face this situation and compensate any shortage of water in the reservoirs by supplying water daily from Narmada river,\" BMC chairperson Kailash Mishra told TOI.The issue will come up for the debate in the council on July 30.\"If we get orders from the divisional commissioner or the minister of the concerned department, the council will approve the same,\" Mishra said.However, Mayor Krishna Gaur is insisting that as a precautionary measure, the water distribution pattern of the city should go back to alternate day water supply that was prevailing prior to February this year.\"The water level in the Kolar dam and the Upper Lake is declining fast. The water works department has requested the BMC administration to revert to alternate day water supply.Moreover, even the residents feel that owing to the insufficient rainfall, the water supply should be curtailed keeping in view of the long-term interest. \"Daily water supply leads to a lot of wastage of water. The city residents are accustomed to alternate day water supply for many years now,\" GN Sharma, a resident of Arera colony.\"Even if the corporation provides alternate day water supply, it should ensure water supply at sufficient pressure provide it properly and for a proper time,\" BK Tiwari, a resident of Chunabhatti said.\"prachi.mujumdar@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15100845", "title": "Sacked Army jawan jailed for forgery, cheating", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a sacked Army personnel to three years rigorous imprisonment for trying to take seven persons to Germany in guise of members of an official band participating in the 2007 Berlin Music Festival.Special CBI Judge Manoj Jain held Lance Naik Suresh Babu guilty of hatching a criminal conspiracy and committing cheating and forgery by furnishing incorrect particulars to the Ministry of External Affairs to obtain passports for them.The court also convicted him of committing various offences under the Prevention of Corruption Act, saying \"he tried to smash and smear the image of Army.\"Besides Suresh, The court also awarded three-year jail term to his accomplices David A Johnson and Nagarajan Israel Raja with whom he had conspired to get fake passport in violation of Section 12 of Indian Passport Act for five Punjab natives.\"As far as convict Suresh Babu is concerned, he has tried to smash and smear the good image of Army. He was the one who had got the official passports prepared and received such official passports from MEA and therefore, it was his primary duty to hand over these official passports to the Army authority.\"However, his intention was other than bonafide and he wanted to send private persons abroad through such official passports,\" the court said, while imposing a fine of Rs 56,000 on Suresh Babu, David and Nagarajan.The court, however, let off Rajender Singh, Gurdev Singh, Varinder Singh and Gurjant Singh on the period of sentence they have already undergone during the trial. But a fine of Rs 21,000 was imposed on all the four, who were also convicted for cheating, forgery and under section 12 of Indian Passport Act.The case against Suresh Babu was lodged after five other accused - Nagarajan, Rajender, Gurdev, Varinder and Gurjant-were apprehended by immigration authorities at the IGI Airport here on November 1, 2007, when they were allegedly trying to fly abroad on basis of forged official passports.They were carrying official white passports issued to the Army Headquarters Band for a performance in Germany.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15098473", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee records huge win, gets almost 70% of votes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress leader Pranab Mukherjee's big win in the presidential election \u2014 which will make him the 13th occupant of the Rashtrapati Bhavan \u2014 marks the return of an active politician at Raisina Hill after three successive Presidents who were either past their prime in politics or did not have a political background at all.Since July 1997, when K R Narayanan became President, the high office has been held by missile man A P J Abdul Kalam and Pratibha Patil whose careers had peaked, while Mukherjee was a hands-on politician playing a crucial role in UPA affairs.Unlike his predecessors who were picked as safe choices by the ruling establishment of the day, Mukherjee sought the job and even bent his party to his will, aided by some ill-timed pressure tactics by Congress ally Mamata Banerjee that yielded unexpected results.Interestingly, Mukherjee will move to Rashtrapati Bhavan from 13 Talkatora Road, a fact that may intrigue the numerologically inclined. Those who know Mukherjee say his sense of the Constitution, politics and grasp of governance make him his own man who cannot be taken for granted as President. Mukherjee made the point, saying he would try and fulfill expectations to \"defend, preserve and protect\" the Constitution.Mukherjee polled a vote value of 7.14 lakh or about 69.3% of the valid votes in the electoral college \u2014 aided by cross-voting from BJP legislators in Karnataka. The Opposition nominee, former Speaker P A Sangma , secured a vote value of 3.16 lakh, handing Mukherjee a handsome margin.After the result was finally out on Sunday evening, Congress chief Sonia Gandhi , accompanied by son Rahul, called on Mukherjee to congratulate him. The presence of Rahul was noted, particularly in the context of his announcement that he was accepting a more active role in Congress affairs.Soon after, PM Manmohan Singh reached Mukherjee's residence where celebrations were underway since the afternoon when his tally crossed the halfway mark.Cross-voting by BJP MLAs in Karnataka, where the party is in majority, saw Mukherjee gaining a lead of 117 votes to Sangma's 103.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15100172", "title": "A supercomputer that can unravel secrets of universe", "text": "LONDON: Renowned theoretical physicist Stephen Hawking has launched the most powerful shared-memory supercomputer in Europe.Hawking anticipates that the COSMOS supercomputer , manufactured by SGI and the first system of its kind, will open up new windows on the universe.During the launch, which is part of the Numerical Cosmology 2012 workshop at the Centre for Mathematical Sciences at the University of Cambridge , Hawking said, \"We have made spectacular advances in cosmology and particle physics. Cosmology is now a precision science, so we need machines like COSMOS to reach out and touch real universe, to investigate whether our mathematical models are correct,\" he said.Hawking added, \"I hope that we will soon find an ultimate theory which, in principle , would enable us to predict everything in the universe,\" he said. \"Even if we do find the ultimate theory , we will still need supercomputers to describe how something as big and complex as universe evolves, let alone why humans behave the way they do,\" he said.'Saturn's moon Titan is Earth-like'Titan , Saturn's largest moon is \"a weirdly Earth-like place\" when it comes to geology, astronomers have claimed. Titan boasts landscapes shaped by the flow of rivers, though they are rivers of liquid methane, not of water. And, like Earth, the surface of Titan is surprisingly free of craters, implying that geological activity is constantly reshaping the moon, as also happens here. \"It's a weirdly Earth-like place,\" Taylor Perron, assistant professor of geology at MIT said, \"even with this exotic combination of materials and temperatures\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "etawah/lucknow", "code": "15099228", "title": "Etawah accident toll reaches 15", "text": "ETAWAH/LUCKNOW: Fifteen people, mostly women, were killed when an uncontrolled truck barreled into a village after hitting a four-wheeler on Etawah-Bareilly highway on Saturday night. After hitting the four-wheeler, the truck ran over a group of women in the Barlokpur village, 30 km from Etawah, who were going back home after attending a social gathering. Twelve persons were killed on the spot while three more, including the truck driver who was beaten by the villagers, died on Sunday morning.Angry villagers staged protest all through Sunday, demanding chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to visit the spot. Cabinet Minister Shivpal Yadav, however, visited the aggrieved families on Sunday afternoon and gave cheque for Rs 2 lakh to the family members of those killed and Rs 50,000 each to those injured.According to reports, the driver of the truck which was coming from Firozabad lost control when its axle broke as it was crossing by the side of Baralokpur village. It hit the four-wheeler and entered the village mowing down a group of people including around two-dozen women. Eye witnesses said that the speed of the truck was such that victims' bodies were dragged for about 300 metres.Twelve villagers died on the spot, eye witnesses said and added enraged over the accident; the villagers caught hold of the driver and beat him up mercillessly. On receiving the information, the police rushed to the spot and started rescue operation. On Saturday night, seven villagers received injuries. All the injured including the truck driver were rushed to the Rural Institute of Medical Science in Saifai.On Sunday, three of them, including the driver, succumbed to their injuries. In all, the dead included 10 women, three minor girls and two men. Irked by the accident, villagers staged a demonstration demanding chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to visit the spot. They even threw stones on the police and PAC personnel which had been deployed to pacify the agitating residents. Senior police officials including Etawah's Senior Superintendent of Police Rajesh D Rao Modak also rushed to the spot.Later, PWD minister and senior Samajwadi Party leader Shivpal Yadav rushed to the village and also visited the post-mortem house handed over a cheque of Rs 2 lakh to kin of those dead and Rs 50,000 to those who received injuries. Three persons are still recuperating at the RIMS till the reports last came in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15099087", "title": "Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University VC got term extension despite adverse audit report", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even after the notings in the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) gave an adverse report on extending the term of acting vice-chancellor of Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University (BBAU), Prof Hanumaiah, the ministry gave its nod to extension. What prompted the MHRD to take this decision, though, is not clear.The facts came to light after a senior university professor sought the MHRD notings on extension to Prof Hanumaiah under the Right to Information Act.The MHRD reply mention the Draft Performance Audit Report (DPAR). MHRD, after studying the DPAR, has remarked... \"in view of the facts total failure of the V-C to provide academic and administrative leadership to the university and utter disregard for the statues, statutory bodies, particularly BoM and the directions of the Visitor, the continuance of Prof Hanumaiah will be detrimental to the growth, development and academic environment of the university''.Presenting a very dismal picture of the university's functioning, the audit stated that the objectives of the university were not achieved, as only 47% of the proposed schools with 38% departments were established even after 16 years of the establishment of the university.Another striking fact revealed by the audit was that unutilised funds increased from Rs 2.56 crore in 2006-07 to Rs 30.89 crore in 2010-11. In this regard, the ministry remarked that on one side the university was not able to utilise funds already allocated and released to it, on the other the V-C requested repeatedly to release additional grants of Rs 400 crore and blamed officers of UGC and MHRD for not making additional allocation.It was found that construction of sub-standard road was done at the cost of Rs 11.97 crore. The audit highlighted that the avoidable payment of centage charge was done to the tune of Rs 6.19 crore. Further, the audit report revealed that the university had not established any internal audit wing. In this regard, MHRD has pointed out that the university's deputy registrar, finance has been complaining repeatedly that his suggestions on files to follow financial rules and proper procedure have annoyed the V-C so much that he removed him from his post.The audit report also talked about the shortage of teaching staff that ranged between 41-57%. In this, it is observed that there are serious complaints against the V-C for not following the rules of recruitment and appointing of 42 teachers which were made without the approval of BoM, thereby violating the directions of the Visitor (the President).The audit has stated that the university is functioning with acute shortage of faculty buildings as six schools with 15 departments were established during 1997-98 to 2010-11 for which schools buildings had not come up till 2011.The audit has also raised questions on the appointment of three new members of BoM -- RG Sonkawade, Sanjay Kumar and Prof NMP Verma -- which are in contravention of the statutory provisions and directions of BoM to not appoint such teachers to statutory posts whose appointments have not been ratified by it.Prof Hanumaiah sought extension of his term by writing to MHRD. After completion of his term on June 17, the charge of VC was to be given to the senior most professor in the university. But since the senior most professor was on leave from June 14 to 22, Prof Hanumaiah continued as the VC. As per the rules, the charge should have been given to the senior most teacher after he returned from leave. But in a surprise move, MHRD on June 21 allowed Prof Hanumaiah to continue in office till his successor joined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15099319", "title": "'Non-cleaning of drains is responsible for waterlogging'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A delegation of newly elected corporators met principal secretary, urban development Pravir Kumar at Circuit House on Sunday and apprised him of the civic woes grappling the citizens of the city.Senior corporator Shiv Sewak Singh apprised that due to non-cleaning of the drains and the sanitary lines, most of the areas of Allahpur, George Town, Tagore Town, Sohbaitabagh, Tularambagh, Madhwapur, Allenganj, Rajroopur were waterlogged due to rainfall that occurred on July 19 &amp; 20. To prevent waterlogging, it is imperative that the drains and the sanitary pipes must be cleaned comprehensively.As Allahpur area receives about half the water that is drained from the city, there is need to install two pumps of capacity of 30 cusec and small pumps of 10 cusec at the Bakshi pumping station. The corporators also suggested for appointment of sanitary workers in accordance with health manual, so that there should be proper cleanliness in the whole city. They also demanded for the repair of the drains of Matiyara Road, Baghambari Gaddi Road.Former corporator Kamlesh Singh submitted a report regarding the construction of drains and culverts, required for prevention of waterlogging in Allahpur and Bairana. The corporators who were present in the delegation included Shiv Sewak Singh, Babita Ghidiyal, Chandra Bhushan Singh, Vinay Mishra, Kusum Lata Gupta and former corporators Kamlesh Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15098411", "title": "CBSE schools to undergo mandatory accreditation from September", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come September and all CBSE schools will have to undergo mandatory accreditation. And going by the results of the pilot run conducted by the Board, the process is not going to be a cakewalk. Just one of the 42 schools assessed in February-March managed to pass the review. CBSE has shortlisted 12 agencies for the next round of the pilot run and given them a month to assess 54 schools before actual evaluation begins in September.The 12 empanelled agencies that will conduct CBSE School Quality Assessment and Accreditation (SQAA) include ACE Edutrend, Noida, Education Quality Foundation of India, New Delhi, Academy For Global Education Services, Mulund, and CFBT Education Service, Hyderabad. The 54 volunteering schools include 31 schools from the Chennai region and 12 from the Delhi region.\"While CBSE gives affiliation to schools on the basis of availability of infrastructure, the accreditation is meant to evaluate how that infrastructure and resources are being used for sustained qualitative enhancement. Schools will be judged on seven parameters \u2014 scholastic processes, co-scholastic processes, infrastructure, human resource, management and administration, leadership and beneficiary satisfaction. Schools should at least get 50% marks in each arena and an overall of 75% to clear the process,\" said the CBSE official.The seven parameters are divided into 250 sub-domains such as life skills, value systems, attitude, work education, visual and performing arts, co-scholastic activities, health and physical activities, health cards, classrooms, library, laboratory, computer labs and ICT facilities, playground, transportation facilities, girls' rest rooms, infirmary, water and sanitation and health management facilities.All schools have to apply for accreditation within three years. In case any school fails in the assessment, it can reapply within five years. But if it fails twice consecutively, it will lose CBSE affiliation. Also, this isn't a one-time exercise as schools will have to get accredited every three years. \"At the end of the assessment, schools will receive a report highlighting areas where they need to improve,\" said the official.CBSE has 13,018 schools under its fold and this will be the largest accreditation process to be undertaken. The aim is not to rank schools, but provide quality benchmarks in the concept, establishment and running of effective systems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15099471", "title": "Actor dies on stage while playing Ramdev Pir's role", "text": "RAJKOT: Tragedy struck during a theatrical performance on the life of revered Ramdev Pir at Koliyak village in Bhavnagar district on Sunday morning. A 40-year-old person, who was enacting the role of Ramdev Pir, died after he accidently injured himself with the sword that he held. Vartej police officials said the deceased Ravji Parmar was a resident of Koliyak village, which is located some 30 kms from Bhavnagar.The incident occurred at around 5 am on Sunday. The performance began at around 10:30 pm on Saturday night. \"In the last scene of the drama, there is a sword fight between the characters Ramdev Pir and Badshah. Parmar gets injured accidently in his abdomen. He was rushed to civil hospital in Bhavnagar but he succumbed to his injuries soon after on way,\" said investigating officer J R Zala.Zala said Parmar was president of Ramdev Pir Akhyan Mandli, which organizes religious performances in the region. Parmar, a mason, has been enacting Ramdev Pir's character for the past 20 years. When the incident occurred, his family members were also there. He is survived by his three children. Ramdev Pir, a Hindu folk - deity of Rajasthan, was a Rajput ruler of the fourteenth century. He is said to have miraculous powers and is worshiped as God in parts of Rajasthan and coastal villages of Saurashtra in Gujarat. Every second day of the month of the Hindu calendar, various programmes are organized by Ramdev Pir devotees, including Ramdev Pir Akashyan, a performance on his life, in his memory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15101841", "title": "Mallika Sherawat on a Parisian holiday with Banderas", "text": "Grooving with Antonio Banderas in billionaire Paul Allen's yacht or hitting the clubs and coffee shops at Cannes with the actor may have been just a 'friendly gesture' on Mallika Sherawat's part. However, a picture of them dancing, which surfaced online, has reportedly caused cracks in Banderas' 15-yearlong marriage to Melanie Griffith .Seemingly oblivious to her dirty dancing making it to the headlines, Mallika is now planning a vacation with Banderas. We found out that the actress, busy shooting for Kismat Luv Paisa Dilli at the moment, will be off to Paris on August 7 to meet the Hollywood actor.After a report of Banderas and Griffith's marriage troubles surfaced in the local media, Mallika, who is currently in Mumbai, tweeted in disbelief. 'Really?!' wrote the actress attaching a picture of the report with it. Needless to say, she remained unavailable when contacted.A close friend of Mallika, however called us up soon after. \"Let me be very clear about the facts. On date, Mallika and Antonio are indeed very close,\" the friend stated. \"In fact, after getting to know each other in Cannes, they have stayed in touch,\" said the friend and added \"Very much,\" as a qualifier.Confirming Mallika's visit to Paris, the friend told us, \"Antonio has invited her over. She is leaving on August 7. In fact, he is very keen to work in a film with her.\" But that, obviously isn't the focus right now.\"Right now, she is going to Paris simply because Antonio has invited her. And nobody knows how many days she plans to stay over,\" added the friend. Well, she surely won't wear out her welcome too soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15099620", "title": "Make rally a success: Chief minister", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Sunday said that self-inspired cooperation, advice and coordination are the key to success for any organization. He was addressing a meeting of JD (U) district in charges held here under the chairmanship of JD (U) state president, Vashisht Narayan Singh, at 1 Anne Marg.Nitish directed the district in charges to remain in their respective districts for the success of tree plantation cum membership drive and proposed 'Adhikar Rally' on November 6. He said the tree plantation drive was an important agenda of the party, which has given it a separate identity in political circles.The CM said the party's demand for special category status for Bihar has gained people's support and their faith in development has increased. He directed the district in charges to successfully organize block-level Adhikar Sammelan besides other programmes for the success of the proposed rally.Besides Nitish and state JD (U) president, others present on the occasion included Adhikar rally campaign committee convener Vijay Kumar Choudhary, JD (U) MP RCP Singh, national spokesman Shivanand Tiwary and former MLC Sanjay Jha .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15102566", "title": "Shabana Azmi, Jaya Bachchan's bonding during a crisis", "text": "It could the plot for a buddy-buddy comedy about two 60-plus divas who bond during the time of a crisis. But as they as say, truth is often stranger than fiction. So it was last week on July 16 when Shabana Azmi's flight back from London to Mumbai was struck by lightening.Recalling the harrowing experience at Heathrow airport Shabana said, \"Luckily the passengers had not boarded when lightening struck our flight. But it triggered off an interminable delay which would have been unbearable were it not for the company I unexpectedly found.\"Luckily for Shabana, Jaya Bachchan was supposed to travel by the same flight.\"It was just providential. I don't know what I'd have done or how I'd have coped, had I not found Jaya among the stranded co-passengers,\" shudders Shabana. Shabana and Jaya spent the next 24 hours having the most fun time of their lives.\"I just love Jaya's company. She speaks her mind, calls a spade a spade. We spoke about things that we can never discuss in Mumbai. We got the chance to bond, something that we rarely do in Mumbai.\"Having said that Shabana is not too pleased with the way the London airport handled the crisis. \"We were left unattended for hours. At 11.30 pm, the counters were closed and at 12 midnight one simply had to leave the airport. It closes down at midnight. Simple.\"Thankfully Shabana and Jaya gave each other company while an alternative flight was arranged. \"But it's not an airport crisis that I am likely to forget easily,\" says Shabana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15099293", "title": "Ahmedabad cops blame irresponsible parents of members of bikers' gang", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As the policemen were busy on Sunday questioning the teens caught for torching bikes, an anxious crowd was waiting outside. It consisted of the parents of those detained.\"We believe that the parents did not keep an eye on their wards about what they were doing or in what company they had fallen into lately. Most of the teens are not exactly toppers in their respective colleges or schools but their academics have surely suffered in past few months but such details have not been registered with the parents when we questioned them,\" said D M Jadeja, inspector of Naranpura police station.Police officials said that it were the parents who handed over bikes to the youths before they turned 18 and gave them the extra money with which they bought drugs. \"Some of them have become rebels out of neglect at home and disturbed married lives of their parents,\" said an investigator.One of the parents told TOI at Naranpura police station that the teens never shared the details of where they were going or who their friends were. \"After turning 16, Abhishek (name changed), became recluse and used to demand money and bike. What other option did we have when he had to attend to four-five tuition classes a day in different areas but to give him a vehicle? He might have fallen into bad company but I do not believe that he is part of the bikers' gang,\" said the parent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15100847", "title": "Leading light", "text": "Designing the Olympic torch is about detail, precision and more. Aaditi Isaac catches up with Edward Barber , a former student of Leeds Metropolitan University, UK, one of the Olympic torch designers.Designing the Olympic torch is not really an easy task. Ask Edward Barber, a former student of Leeds Metropolitan University, UK, who is one of the designers of the 2012 Olympic Games Torch.Earlier this year, East London based designers Barber and Jay Osgerby won the competitive tender run by LOCOG and the Design Council that set the brief to design a torch that reflects the celebratory nature of the Olympic Torch Relay and the Olympic Games.Barber says, \"The brief we were given was exhaustive; it was like a book, which documented the ancient games, the modern games, the history of the torch relay, all the different torches with their measurements and specifications as well as weather statistics for the countries. It was a very comprehensive document.\"The 70-day Olympic Torch Relay is taking the Olympic Flame on an 8,000 mile journey across the UK. From the start point of the London 2012 Olympic Torch Relay at Land's End on May 19, an average of 110 people a day will take centre stage by carrying the Olympic Flame on its journey around the UK before arriving at the Olympic Stadium on July 27 for the lighting of the cauldron at the opening ceremony, signifying the start of the London 2012 Olympic Games.The winning design connects the London 2012 Olympic Torch Relay to each of the 8,000 torchbearers and their community . The torch's triangular, goldcoloured form is perforated by 8,000 circles representing the 8,000 torchbearers and their stories of personal achievement and/or contribution to their local community, which will be celebrated during the torch relay.The torch is made up of four key pieces - an inner and an outer aluminium alloy skin perforated by circles that are held in place by a cast top piece and base.As to the details of the torch design, Barber explains, \"Representing the inspirational stories of the 8,000 torchbearers who will carry the Olympic Flame, the circles, which run the length of the body of the torch also offer a unique level of transparency - allowing people to see right to the heart of the torch and view the burner system, which will keep the flame alive. The circles also help ensure that heat is quickly dissipated without being conducted down the handle, providing extra grip.\"The torch is 800mm high and weighs 800g. Talking about the challenges, Barber says, \"We only had 10 days to submit a prototype of the design and so we didn't have time to physically make the model.\" Barber and Osgerby, explain: \"Ever since we were young we have loved the Olympic Games. As designers, this is quite simply the best project - to design an icon for the games. We've wanted to be involved since July 2005 when we were celebrating winning the bid with the rest of the UK. We have worked hard to develop a torch that celebrates the relay, and reflects the passion for London and the Olympic Games. We wanted to make the most of pioneering production technologies and to demonstrate the industrial excellence available in the UK - it's a torch for our time.\" Responding to a call in the brief to recognise the fact that more than half of the London 2012 torchbearers are expected to be young people aged between 12 and 24, several design features have been implemented to produce what will be one of the lighter Olympic Torches. Crafted from an aluminium alloy, developed for the aerospace and automotive industry that is lightweight whilst having good tensile strength and excellent heat resistance , the 8,000 circles also reduce the weight of the final design while ensuring strength.For more stories on overseas education, log on to www.myeducationtimes. com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "miriti, kirnahar", "code": "15100300", "title": "An extraordinary journey", "text": "MIRITI, KIRNAHAR: As the car speeds down the seemingly endless road meandering through verdant paddy fields, one cannot help but wonder about the sheer magnitude of the journey that a little boy from a nondescript village had undertaken so many years ago. The boy had literally waded through insurmountable odds to reach the 'top' on Sunday.Amidst the lush green paddy fields and palm trees, the mind wanders easily till posters of Pranab Mukherjee reminds one of the occasion and the destination. Doing the 300-km journey to Miriti from Kolkata, it makes one marvel at the humble village boy's journey from a thatched house to the palatial Rashtrapati Bhavan.As the car rushes pass Kirnahar and enters Miriti, one hears the faint, yet distinct, sound of dhak beats. It's coming from Mukherjee Bhavan (now a two-storey house being freshly painted and refurbished so that it is befitting the status of the President of India), hidden behind a posse of outdoor broadcasting vans. Beyond the thakurbari, half a dozen drummers play in perfect harmony in the courtyard.Dancing rather listlessly to the engaging beat is Srikanta Mondal, president of the Congress unit in Thiba. \"Can you imagine someone becoming a President from this remote village with hardly any amenities? The village I hail from is worse off. I have never been able to dream big. But Pranabda had the capability and the courage to dream and look where he has reached today,\" he says, a little breathless from the prancing that he is obviously unaccustomed to.\"People here aren't that enthusiastic. The Congress does not have a major following here. I think many are yet to realize what a feat a fellow villager has achieved. In any case, Pranabda has always been low key. He wouldn't want a big tamasha,\" Mondal reasons.Though he is delighted that Pranab has become the country's first citizen, there is a tinge of sadness in the realization that he can never get the real No.1 job that he so richly deserved. \"There is such deep prejudice against the Bengali race in Delhi that he was not allowed to become Prime Minister. Pranabda's greatest asset though was patience. He bided his time and continued to serve the party. This time, they couldn't stop him from becoming the President,\" Mondal remarks.Outside, Pranab's Man Friday Rabi Chatterjee gets busy organizing a procession that will set out as soon as news of his election arrives from Delhi. A tasha party arrives and starts playing loud music that drowns the rhythmic dhak beats. A few people begin to assemble. Chatterjee has already sent a couple of emissaries to neighbouring villages to muster up a big enough group to make the celebratory show lively on television.\"The people here are too lazy. A man from this village has become the President. Not just the village, the whole state should be celebrating. But what does one tell the lazy lumps who will not forgo their afternoon siesta?\" he grumbles to the TOI team, before turning to a couple of television journalists and assuring them there will be enough people by 3 pm to make decent footage. \"A procession has also been organized in Kirnahar by the local Congress unit,\" he adds.College student Mahua Sen, who is managing her father's tea stall 100 ft away from the Mukherjee residence, wonders what the hoopla is about. \"Well, we should feel proud that someone who grew up in Miriti is becoming President today. But over the years, we have seen so little of him except during Durga Puja that he doesn't quite seem one of us,\" says the first year arts student at Sambhunath College in Labhpur.She takes a cycle to Kirnahar and then a bus to Labhpur as do other students in the locality. \"I wish there was a college close by,\" says Akash Purakayasta, also a first year BA student in Sambhunath College. \"Can you imagine a two-time finance minister's native village still languishing in the throes of underdevelopment? Just look around and you will know that though we are proud of having a President amongst us, it is due to the respect for the post and not the individual,\" he says.That is the grouse locals have always nursed against the most distinguished man to ever emerge from the village. The entire area gets waterlogged every monsoon due to absence of dredging for decades. A few tubewells have been installed and toilets built courtesy Pranab's son Abhijit, who got his former employer Steel Authority of India Ltd to do some CSR activity in the village. \"Maybe things will change now that Pranab-babu has become President. If he visits his home during Puja, the roads will improve and so will other infrastructure,\" Kalpana Debanshi, a resident of the village, remarks hopefully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15102348", "title": "Directorate general appreciates Maharashtra NCC for its excellence", "text": "MUMBAI: The directorate general of NCC Maharashtra appreciated the achievements of the champion directorate for having won the coveted prime ministers banner 15 times out of 21 (since introduction) and exhorted the directorate to continue working with zeal and vigour to achieve excellence in all fields and to also motivate the youth to join the armed forces.On July 21 the Lt Gen PS Bhalla, DG NCC visited the NCC directorate Maharashtra. The General has wide ranging experience of various high profile command and staff appointments. He has served as Deputy GOC of Victor Force responsible for counter-terrorist operation in the Valley and General Officer Commanding of a Division in the Eastern theater.On his arrival at the directorate, the general officer was received by major general Yashwant Singh, additional director general (ADG), Maharashtra directorate. He was presented an inter service guard by NCC Cadets and introduced to all officers of the directorate. Later, major general Yashwant Singh briefed him about the institutional, attachment and specialized training conducted by the NCC units of army, air and naval wings for 1, 15,000 cadets from 16 universities, 615 colleges and 815 schools spread over the 35 district of the state.ADG, NCC directorate, Maharashtra emphasized upon the training being imparted for holistic development of the vibrant and dynamic youth of the State, with special emphasis on military training, social awareness campaigns, personality development and adventure training.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15102263", "title": "Award to recognise best research in university", "text": "MUMBAI: The best researcher among the teachers will be felicitated by the Mumbai University on its Foundation Day from next year onwards. The university on its foundation day function early this week announced the institution of three new awards, one of which will be to encourage more teachers to participate in research activities.\"The three awards will be for the best researcher in teachers, the best university department and the best department in administration,\" announced vice-chancellor Rajan Welukar at the function. The university usually felicitates achievers from the university and gives prizes to many others who have done extraordinary work in various categories within the university, on its foundation day. However, good researchers failed to get recognition from the 156-year-old institution.Apart from the announcement of these prizes from the next year, the vice-chancellor also said that the university aims to promote more colleges to go in for academic autonomy and have at least 15 autonomous colleges under the university. Welukar also said that university departments will also be asked to go in for autonomy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "15099600", "title": "23 fishermen held by Sri Lankan navy", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Sri Lankan navy allegedly took custody of 23 Indian fishermen and five mechanised fishing boats on Saturday midnight.About 700 boats from Rameswaram ventured into the sea on Saturday morning. When they were fishing near Katchatheevu region around Saturday evening, Sri Lankan navy personnel allegedly came in their patrolling boats and chased the fishermen away. Panicked, the fishermen left the area and were fishing in the other parts.However, the navy personnel were said to have returned by mid-night when the fishermen were near the Dhanushkodi - Talaimannar stretch and started chasing them away. They caught hold of five mechanised boats and 23 fishermen in the boats and it was also alleged they damaged the fishing gear of the boats.The Lankan naval personnel allegedly towed the boats and the fishermen to Sri Lanka and the fishermen were believed to have been kept in Talaimannar police station.The incident has further frustrated the fishermen community in Rameswaram, which said that they are not able to bear the repeated attacks.B Jesuraja, district secretary of Tamil Nadu Mechanised Boats Fishermen Association said that they are really depressed with the repeated attacks on the fishermen. \"After 10 days strike, we ventured into the sea only three times in the month and the attacks from Sri Lankan navy are happening every alternate time. It has caused panic among the fishermen community here, as another 10 fishermen were recently held by Sri Lankan navy and were released after a week. The state and Central governments should take measures to find an amicable solution for this prolonged issue. Else, let the governments seriously think about providing alternate employment for the fishermen,\" he stressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "rewari/new delhi", "code": "15099390", "title": "Haryana\u2019s logistics hub plan gets a jolt", "text": "REWARI/NEW DELHI: Close on the heels of the unrest at Maruti's Manesar plant, Haryana's plan to set up a multi-modal logistics hub in Bawal as part of the ambitious Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC) has kicked up a storm. On Sunday, police fired at farmers protesting against the acquisition of 3,000 acres and around 20 people, including 10 policemen, were injured.Protesters blocked the Delhi-Jaipur highway for almost eight hours from 1pm to 9pm and a portion of the highway was dug up by an earth mover causing massive traffic jam. Farmers called a truce after their leaders met administration and senior police officers late on Sunday evening.\"The highway has been opened. The administration has agreed to release five farmers who have been arrested and chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda will meet them soon. The farmers have suspended the protest,\" political analyst Yogendra Yadav, who mediated the meeting between the administration and farmers, told TOI. Yadav belongs to this region.The mayhem started when a mahapanchayat called by farmers from Haryana, UP, and Rajasthan to protest against the land acquisition decided to block the Delhi-Jaipur highway around 1.30pm. Bhumi Adigrahan Virodhi Sangharsh Samiti had called the mahapanchayat over the state government acquiring 3,000 acres in 21 villages of Rewari district.Kisan Sangharsh Samiti president Ram Kishan Mahalwas said they had given an ultimatum to the administration to negotiate with them by 1pm or face the ire of farmers. \"After there was no response from administration till 1pm, the protesters announced to give another 10 minutes. We were opposing land acquisition till the new Land Acquisition Bill is passed in Parliament. Hooda government had announced to put acquisition on hold till the bill is passed,\" said D K Sharma, a retired Army officer and vice-president of Haryana Kisan Sangharsh Samiti.Sensing trouble, over 500 policemen were deployed on the other side of the road where the mahapanchayat was being held. Around 1.10pm, Mahalwas directed the protesters to move towards the highway and block it. Soon, policemen stationed there chased them away. Protesters allegedly torched a dozen vehicles, including two fire tenders and three buses.Violent clashes continued for over an hour in which 10 cops including two women constables were taken hostage. To disperse the mob, police opened fire and farmers retaliated with stone pelting. Later, around 2,000 farmers managed to take control of the highway as the police, including Rewari SP Abhishek Garg, had to escape fearing mob fury. Late in the evening, a platoon of ITBP was deployed.(With inputs from Sanjay Yadav)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15105648", "title": "Six minors among 14 rescued from brothels", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch has rescued 14 women including six minors from two brothels in Budhwar Peth area. The police have arrested five brothel owners under prevention of immoral trafficking act (PITA). The social security cell of the crime branch led by senior police inspector Bhanupratap Barge made the arrests.Barge told the TOI that he received a tip-off the minor girls were forced into prostitution in some brothels in the Budhwar Peth area. \"We raided a brothel in a new building in Budhwar Peth and rescued four women including two minors,\" Barge said.He said that one of the minors was from Bangladesh. The police arrested two women for allegedly running brothel. \"They have been identified as Puja Tamang and Maili Tamang,\" Barge said. Barge said that the police also raided another brothel in the Sapna building in Budhwar Peth and rescued 10 women including four minors. \"We have arrested three suspects in this regard. They have been identified as Shankara Nayak, Kajal Sardar and Bilkis Shaikh all from Sapna building,\" Barge said.Separate cases have been registered against the suspects with the Faraskhana police station. The investigating team comprised police sub-inspector Ashwini Jagtap, police constables Dattatreya Nikam, Kernath Kamble, Shashikant Shinde, Ajit Dhumal, Sandip Holkar and Sohanlal Chutele.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15098774", "title": "Illness, sister's accident prompts man to end life", "text": "NAGPUR: A 30-year-old man in depression after his sister's accident and his chronic illness over the last few years committed suicide at his residence on Saturday evening. Vikram Parmar ended his life by hanging himself from the ceiling rafters at his residence at Zenda chowk in Mahal.Parmar ended his life after his family members had left for the market. His hanging body was spotted in the room when the family members returned. Parmar was rushed to a private hospital and then to Government Medical College and Hospital, where he was declared dead. Kotwali police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098820", "title": "Inquiry against cop for \u2018shoddy\u2019 probe into sibling deaths", "text": "MUMBAI: A preliminary departmental inquiry has been ordered into the role of an assistant inspector of the Versova police, who initially investigated the deaths of siblings Rameez and Rehab Chougle, who had allegedly inhaled poisonous fumes after a pest control of their flat at Yari Road.The assistant inspector was also the duty officer at the police station when the two deaths took place on July 4 and 6.The departmental inquiry, launched to probe allegations of initial discrepancies in the investigation, is being supervised by assistant commissioner N Sherkhane. The statements of at least four officers, including senior inspector Sharad Borse, will also be recorded. \"The officer concerned should have sent Rameez's body for post-mortem, after he was declared dead by his family doctor, but he did not do so. Further, he did not ask forensic experts at the Cooper autopsy centre to preserve Rehab's viscera for a chemical analysis, despite doctors stating it to be a suspected poisoning case,\" an official said. \"There should also have been a proper examination of the Chougle home soon after the deaths to find out the presence of pesticides.\"TOI was the first to report that a greyish powder was recovered when a forensic team inspected the Chougles' home on July 9. The police said the powder was suspected to be aluminum phosphide, though a conclusive report from the forensic laboratory is awaited. \"We have arrested three persons, pest control contractor Rukhsar Almelkar, H M Shah who has a shop in Borivli from where Almelkar bought the chemical and Piyush Paraikh from Pune who supplied the chemicals to Shah's shop. Our suspicion that the greyish powder was aluminum phosphide is based on the custodial interrogation of the accused,\" the official said.The trio was remanded in judicial custody after being produced before a metropolitan court on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15100291", "title": "Sisters leave for swearing-in", "text": "HOWRAH: The results of the presidential elections were not yet announced when Pranab Mukherjee's sisters boarded the Rajdhani Express from Platform No. 9 at Howrah Station. But convinced that their 'dada' would emerge successful, the three siblings set out for Delhi to attend his swearing-in ceremony.Swagata Das Mukherjee, Krishna Chatterjee and Jharna Biswas grinned from ear to ear as they sat in their AC two-tier compartment on Sunday afternoon. With phones stuck to their ears, they were busy getting last-minute updates of the result and at the same time, acknowledging the congratulatory calls that were pouring in.Though their dada had achieved many milestones in his lifetime, this one was different. This time, he was set to take over as the head of the country - a journey that started from their village home at Birbhum. They, hence, could not miss out on the opportunity of watching their elder brother take over as the President of the country.\"This is a dream we had for him. But to see that dream come true is a great feeling. I cannot express my happiness in words,\" gushed Swagata. \"No matter what, he still remains our elder brother who was almost like a guardian to us. You won't believe how caring he is for all his family members. Despite his busy schedule, he keeps in touch with not only us, but even the people he knows from his village,\" said Krishna.The sisters are carrying special packets of a dry sandesh that Pranab loves, besides boxes of his favourite chocolate. \"He has a sweet tooth and every time we visit him in Delhi, he expects us to get this sandesh for him. He also loves his chocolates like a child and we keep indulging him,\" said Jharna.Keeping in mind Pranab's love for reading, they are also taking some books for him. Some of these are to do with defence. The sisters reasoned that this is because as President, Pranab would be the chief of the army, navy and air force.\"When it was announced that Dada would take his oath on July 25, we called him and sought his permission to be present in the oath-taking ceremony. He gladly agreed. So we are going to Delhi. We will spend two valuable days with him and boudi before the ceremony. We never dreamt of such a happy family reunion,\" the sisters said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15098295", "title": "Haryana intelligence department had no clue on Maruti trouble", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana's intelligence department, which boasts of two senior officers at its top, had no clue about the trouble brewing in Maruti Suzuki's plant at Manesar township in Gurgaon.The violence at the plant, which claimed the life of a senior executive on Wednesday, has dented the credibility of the state's intelligence gathering mechanism. Labour department of the state has also failed to maintain coordination between the employer and labourers of the country's largest car manufacturing unit. It seems the department has failed to learn lessons from the past experiences.Haryana's intelligence department is headed by P V Rathi, who is principal advisor (home and CID) and ADGP Yashpal Singhal, who is heading the state CID. Even the police personnel deployed at the plant after a labour unrest in October also failed to provide information about suspicious activities inside the unit.This was exposed when a labour contractor revealed before the cops on Thursday that workers were planning to launch an attack for the past one week. From March 2011 till this week, there were six incidents when the plant witnessed labour unrest and the company had lost over Rs 2,500 crore revenue. Production of 83000 units was hit during the period. And, each time the intelligence department had failed to provide information on the trouble beforehand.According to industry calculations, it is estimated that on an average, the Centre is losing Rs 68,000 per car in the form of excise duty while Haryana loses around Rs 6000 as sales tax. Following closure of the plant after the Wednesday violence, the company's loss per day is around Rs 90 crore. While the state government is busy with damage-control exercises like forming a SIT, the Opposition has termed the incident as a intelligence failure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15100801", "title": "Four held for riot at Lehvit", "text": "NASHIK: The Deolali Camp police have arrested four persons over a riot that broked out between two groups in Lehvit village on Saturday at 4pm. The arrested include Ambadas Nirmal (40), Sharad Nirmal (28), Sanjay Bodke (25) and Suresh Bodke (30). In the complaint lodged by Suresh Bodke of Lehvit with the Deolali police,The complainant, Suresh Bodke, said that Dattu Nirmal, who was driving a mini-truck nearly almost ran over Bodke's nephewin front of Bodke's house. When Bodke demanded an explanation, DattuNirmal gathered around 12 to 13 people and beat up Bodke's familyand damaged their television set. In the scuffle that ensued, the complainant Suresh Bodke said that he also lost the gold chain he was wearing.Meanwhile, Rohidas Nirmal has also lodged a complaint against the Bodke family and 11 others. for attacking in connection to the riot.The Deolali police have arrested two members from each of the rioting groups.Two arrested for abetting suicide: Panchavati police have arrested Narendra Kansara (50) and Shobha Kansara (40) for provoking their son-in-law to commit suicide. In a complaint lodged by Shakuntala Gangurde, the mother of deceased Prashant Gangurde (26), she has said that her son had been to the place of his in-laws, behind Jatra Hotel, Panchavati, to meet his wife and son.However, the complainant alleged that Shakuntala Gangurde said that her son's in-laws did not let him meet his wife and son and instead, drove him out of their house which provoked him to consume poison and kill himself. commit suicide. Subsequently, Prashant Gangurde consumed some poisonous substance. After his health deteriorated.The victim was admitted to Suyog Hospital, later he was shifted to Civil Hospital, where he died during treatment.Goods worth Rs 95,000 stolen from RTO premises Electric goods including four transformers and copper coils and other electric article, all amounting to worth Rs 95,000 were stolen by some unidentified burglars from the premises of Nashik's Regional Transport Office, Nashik between July 14 to July 16. A complaint over the incident was lodged by Narayan Deorkar and Panchavati police are probing the incident.A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Narayan Deorkar at the Panchavati Police Station.House break-in, jewellery worth Rs 75,000 stolen: Jewellery worth Rs 75,000 was stolen from a flat of Jeetendra Gupta, at in a residential building at Sharanpur Road on Saturday evening. According to reports, unidentified burglars broke the latch and lock of a flat of one Jeetendra Gupta, at Govind Apartments, Racca Colony, Sharanpur Road on Saturday at 4.30pm stole the jewellery kept inside the cupboard.A complaint has been lodged by Jeetendra Gupta with the Sarkarwada police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15099790", "title": "Govt\u2019s plan for medical colleges hangs fire", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar government plans to get all the six government medical colleges in the state the International Organisation for Standardisation (ISO) 9001 certified through the National Accreditation Board for Hospitals &amp; Healthcare Providers (NABH) with an aim to provide quality healthcare to the people of the state. But the plan is likely to take time before turning into a reality.A team of officials had visited the medical colleges of the state last year to assess whether they had facilities enough for ISO certification or not. But, no report, if any, has been made public so far in this regard.Talking to TOI, health secretary, Sanjay Kumar said, \"What is lacking in this regard is action on sustainable basis towards achieving the goal. Someone needs to do that.\"Kumar said the government has hired a full-time consultant to go through the issue meticulously but critical gaps have been identified and works are in progress to address the loopholes.ISO accreditation requires adequate number of doctors, good outpatient departments, skilled manpower and sound physical infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15098872", "title": "Road accident blocks traffic for six hours on Mumbai-Howrah national highway", "text": "GONDIA: Traffic on busy Mumbai-Howrah national highway No. 6 was blocked for more than six hours on Saturday when a trailer rammed a stationary truck at Masulkasa pass, 6km from Deori on Saturday morning. The trailer fell on road. The impact was so severe that it took two hours to take out driver Rajendra Fase (21) and cleaner Rakesh Fase (19), both from Ajmer, who were crammed into the cabin of the trailer. They have been admitted to rural hospital Deori and their condition is stated to be critical. The incident took place at 4am. The traffic was blocked till 10am. The truck belonged to Pick-up Carrier Company.Mini-truck charred in motionThe driver and cleaner of a mini-truck had a providential escape as the vehicle caught fire while in motion near Murdoli, 4km Deori, in the wee hours of Saturday. As soon as the mini-truck caught fire, the driver slowed down its pace and he along with the cleaner dived out of the vehicle to save their life. The duo escaped with minor bruises. The mini-truck belonged to Ghonge Transport Company of Nagpur. Before any help could reach, the vehicle was completely charred. It was carrying inverters and batteries and was heading to Raipur from Nagpur.Lightning kills farmer, bullsA 50-year-old farmer Pawan Thakare along with his pair of bulls were killed as lightning struck them at Dhamangaon village near Gondia on Saturday. Thakare was ploughing the field at around 2pm when it started raining heavily. To take shelter he along with his bulls went under a tree. But around 2.30pm a lightning struck them and they died on the spot.Bookie arrested by Wardha LCBLocal crime branch arrested a bookie for betting on India-Sri Lanka first one-dayer. LCB sleuths arrested Samir Madia from his shop Jai Ambe Provisions, Manapure Road, Malgujaripura on Saturday evening. Cops seized a TV, cell phones and lists of customers from Madia. Madia revealed more information regarding the business saying that he was working for a bigger bookie from Nagpur Dipen Bheda. Bheda used to give the market rate of betting and Madia used to execute his direction. The police have lodged a complaint against Bheda under section 109 of IPC.Website launched on Sharad JoshiShetkari Sanghatana of Wardha launched a website on Sharad Joshi at Gujarati Bhawan on Sunday. Founder of the farmers organization Joshi himself inaugurated the website. Ex-president of the organization Gangadhar Mute has designed the site. The website contains all the history and speeches of Joshi and Shetkari Sanghatana.Stolen mobile recovered using techVaibhav (20), son of police department employee Sanjay Charpe, was robbed of his mobile by two youths hailing from Nanded while he was returning home on July 6. During investigation, railway police managed to get clues about the two thieves by tracing the stolen mobile phone. The cops arrested Piraji Menthkan (24) and Lakhan Waghmare (22), residents of Chinkhalwadi, Nanded, Marathwada, on Saturday. Both of them were remanded to police custody for two days. The railway police also recovered the stolen mobile from the thieves.Interestingly, after the complaint, the cops had refused to take complaint and were disputing the jurisdiction of the police station. However, railway police took the initiative and solved the crime with two arrests.In-laws booked for murder, cruelty in woman's deathOffences of murder, cruelty against women and criminal intimidation were registered against the in-laws after they caused grievous injuries to one Shakuntala Tiwale on Saturday. Those booked include her husband Narayan Tiwale, his father Sitaram Tiwale and mother Nanda Tiwale. Shakuntala received 91% burn injuries on July 17 at Ashtul village. Her dying declaration was taken on Saturday. She stated that her in-laws had set her afire. Further investigation is on. No arrest has been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15103061", "title": "Special bus for devotees this Shravan by AMTS", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ahmedabad Municipal Transport Services (AMTS) has started new service this Shravan, considered to be holy month by Hindus, covering more than 15 temples in eastern and western city parts.The service has been launched recently and is available on daily basis, said AMTS officials. Talking about the initiative, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC )'s transport department officials said that the buses will start from Lal Darwaja, Kalupur and Maninagar bus depots and is aimed at women and senior citizen who cannot travel to all the locations at one go.\"The route will cover Bhadrakali temple, Jagannath temple, Lambha, Karnamukteshwar Mahadev, Naroda Bethak, Asarva bethak, Neelkanth Mahadev, Camp Hanuman, Mahakali temple, Dudheshwar, Shahibaug Swaminarayan temple, Tri mandir, Vaishnodevi, Tirupati Balaji, Sola Bhagwat Vidyapeeth, ISKCON and Jalaram temple,\" said an AMTS official.Officials said that the services will be available at a nominal rate but the only prerequisite is availability of minimum number of passengers - 45. These buses are also available on group booking basis. \"We are getting a number of requests for the service,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15100366", "title": "Bear dies of TB in Bannerghatta", "text": "BANGALORE: A 14-year-old bear, Vivek, died in the Bear Rescue and Rehabilitation Centre (BBRC) on Sunday. The bear had been rescued from Purulia district of West Bengal and shifted to the Purulia Bear Rescue Centre in November 2010. Dr R Raju, executive director, Bannerghatta Biological Park, that Vivek was under treatment for three months and died of tuberculosis.Only on Friday, one-monthold tiger Sharath died at Bannerghatta Biological Park due to kidney-related problems.Mysore Zoo loses a tigressMYSORE: A white tigress, which was diagnosed with cancer last week, died at Mysore Zoo on Sunday night. Reetha, who was 17 years old, was diagnosed with cancer on July 14 and the zoo authorities were planning surgical intervention. But she died around 8.30 pm, sources said.Reetha had stopped taking food two days ago. The zoo was apprehensive that surgery could prove disastrous. The cancer had affected the mammary glands on her left. The tigress was born on September 23, 1993, at the conservation centre. She was among the two white tigress' in the zoo. With her death the number of tigers has come down to nine, including two cubs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15100798", "title": "Chandigarh Municipal Corporation to replace leaking stormwater pipes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a first largescale replacement of storm drainage pipelines in the southern parts of the city, the engineering wing of the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation is all set to change two main pipelines of the area.According to information, the replacement is being done due to the poor condition and constant leakages in the existing two pipelines. Both these pipelines cover many sectors of the southern part of the city.Giving details, municipal corporation chief engineer S S Bida said, \"These two pipelines are quite old and needed to be replaced due to leakages. After the approval, the financial estimates for both the projects have been prepared.The pipeline project from sectors 29/30/31/32 roundabout to the drain near railway line will cost around Rs 10 crore, while around Rs 5 crore will be spent on the other project.\" Bida said that city's storm water drainage system had been laid down for half inch rainfall since the city's inception. Though now the amount of rainfall has increased a lot, there is no need to replace the entire storm drainage system of the city and pipelines of only problem areas should be replaced in phases.Almost every year city faces problem of water-logging during monsoon and as southern part of the city is situated in a low lying area, this particular part faces acute problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15104101", "title": "Balancing Act", "text": "KOZHIKODE: ''Balancing the inflation, rice stability and the financial security of the country is one of the key challenges the Reserve Bank faces,\" said Duvvuri Subbarao , governor of Reserve Bank of India, while delivering the leadership series lecture at the Indian Institute of Management Kozhikode on July 6.Subbarao was addressing the students of IIM Kozhikode and he spoke about the leadership roles that the Reserve Bank, since its inception in 1935, has been playing during the years with its monetary functions and policies and in particular, its constant endeavour to be relevant to the everyday life of every Indian.Speaking at the inauguration of the PGP batch at the IIM Kozhikode, he said, \"Without sacrificing growth, we will not be able to contain inflation. However, the sacrifice is only for a short period. The economy should be stabilised or else there will be no investments. Low inflation is also important for the mid-term growth and the monetary policy of the RBI is the first line of attempts to save the economy.\" Rao added that it was because of their farsightedness and proactive economic measures that India has been able to recover from the global recession quite fast, but overcoming the inflation and maintaining steady growth at the same time are real challenges for a vast country like India.The governor emphasised that the concept of the apex bank is not only to regulate the economy and financial stability of the country but also to reach out to the under-privileged. This is a quintessential function of the central bank with objectives such as ensuring price stability, growth and financial security in the market. A post-economic reform that the government has brought through RBI has helped the country boom and has fuelled India's aspiration to become a super power.The governor further pointed out that the poor sections of the society should derive benefits from the banking sector such as hassle free financial transactions as well as access to credits. The governor informed that as of today only one out of six of the habitats in India have access to full-fledged banking services.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15098838", "title": "Gang of fraudsters busted, 2 held", "text": "JAIPUR: The city police on Sunday busted a gang of fraudsters who had duped hundreds of villagers in Rajasthan, Punjab and Haryana on the pretext of installing internet towers on their lands. The police have arrested two of the three accused.The accused used to offer a monthly rent for space for installation of towers against which they took a security amount of Rs 45,000 from each of the victims. But they never used to install the towers as promised.Commissioner of police BL Soni said that one Shivkumar, a resident of Netaji Nagar in Haryana's Bhiwani area, had approached the Vaishali Nagar police station and lodged a case against three directors of a firm named Transmission Infra Network Solution Private Limited. The three directors - identified as Rahul Sinha, Kishore Kumar and Vijay Kumar Srivastava - are residents of Uttar and Punjab. They were running the firm from an office in Evershine Tower in Vaishali Nagar. The complainant claimed that he was duped by them on the pretext of installing a tower.\"They used to dupe people on the pretext of installing internet towers. They would offer a few thousands every month to the person who rented out space for it,\" said Soni.He added the accused used to charge about Rs 45,000 as security amount from the interested persons. \"They had deceived several people of at least Rs 60 lakh. They had opened several franchise offices in various districts of Rajasthan, Punjab and Haryana,\" said the officer.\"Two of the directors, Rahul Sinha and Kishore Kumar, have been arrested. Vijay Kumar is still absconding. Teams have been sent to various places in his search,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15100571", "title": "Manesar plant attack: Brutality stuns corporates, govt", "text": "GURGAON: The sheer brutality of the attack at Maruti's Manesar plant has not only shocked corporate veterans, but also sent alarm bells ringing within the government . A senior Maruti official died in the fire after both his legs were broken and more than 90 others were injured, many seriously. This appears to be much more than ordinary labour unrest or trade union activity, the sources said.Even old-timers at Maruti are perplexed at the quantum of violence at the factory. \"What has happened is an experience that leaves me quite shattered and something I have never seen before. Workers indulged in rioting and mob violence, which is quite inexplicable,\" Maruti chairman RC Bhargava said. In an interview to TOI, Maruti MD Shinzo Nakanishi confirmed that it appeared to be planned attack , rather than a spontaneous outburst. The mob first smashed CCTV cameras before specifically targeting senior Maruti officials.\"The kind of violence has stunned us. This is more than an industrial relations incident,\" Maruti's human resources head S Y Siddiqui said.However, Maruti officials said they were not aware of any parallel investigation by any central agencies. The Haryana government is already looking into the matter.Attempts to infiltrate the workers' union at Maruti are not surprising considering the huge revenues of the company and the clout it enjoys in the Indian manufacturing sector. Maruti, which had a turnover of over Rs 30,000 crore last fiscal, enjoys nearly 45% share of the Indian car market and a large number of component suppliers are dependent on the company for their business.Previously, central trade unions like AITUC have tried to break into Maruti's union, but the company management has been firm in thwarting any such moves, not agreeing to any outside affiliation in its workers' bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15098702", "title": "Sugarcane farmers unhappy about 17% base price rise", "text": "PUNE: The Union government has increased the base price for sugarcane from Rs 1,450 per tonne to Rs 1,700 per tonne. Farmers organisations, however, are not happy with the price rise. While the sugarcane crushing season in the state starts by November, farmers organisations have claimed that the revised rates are inadequate in comparison with the price rise of inputs such as fertilisers, water charges and human labour. The organisations have also demanded that the government should ensure that sugar factories make the payments to farmers in time.The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) on Friday approved the Fair and Remunerative Price (FRP) of sugarcane, payable by sugar mills to farmers for 2012-13 period. The FRP is the minimum price that sugarcane farmers are legally guaranteed from the sugar factories. The CCEA, which had met in this week, accepted the recommendations of the Commission for Agricultural Costs and Prices (CACP), which suggested 17.25% increase in FRP for the 2012-13 marketing year, keeping in mind the rising production costs. The final approval came for 17% hike.The CACP is a statutory body and advises the Union government on the pricing policy for major farm produce.Raju Shetty, farmers' leader and the MP from Kolhapur district, said, \"The prices of fertilizers, such as DAP and super phosphates have drastically increased in one year. The human labour required during the harvest is getting costlier every year. The labour charges have increased to Rs 150 to Rs 200 per day, which were earlier in two digits only. Compared to this, the 17% increase is very low. The minimum prices should have been Rs 2,500 to Rs 3,000 per tonne for farmers.\"Shetty, who is from the state's sugarcane belt, also maintained that the real problem in the sugar sector is non-payment to farmers and harvesters in time by the sugar factories. \"Sugarcane being a cash crop, attracts huge investment in its cultivation. It is a water intensive crop and also requires huge amount of fertilisers. Sugar produced here not only gets consumed in the country, but is also exported which has a good market. Under these circumstances, if farmers are deprived of good returns, they will shift to other crops,\" Shetty said.Raghunath Patil, a leader from Sangli, said, \"The government should ensure sugar factories will pay farmers as per the guidelines issued by the state and Union governments. There have been cases of factories paying partially to the farmers, and sitting on the huge piles of cash. It is used to pressurise farmers for ensuring supply of sugarcane in the next year.\" Legally, farmers are free to supply their harvest to any sugar factory they want to, but by not making the complete payment, factory owners ensure supply of sugarcane to their factory. The lobby is so strong that even senior government officials cannot take action against such factories, he said.There are some 160 sugar factories in the state, of which 50 are private and others are cooperatives sugar factories in the state. The total area under sugarcane during 2011-12 was 10 lakh hectares, and total 800 lakh tonne sugarcane was produced. The state produced 90 lakh tonne sugar from it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103930", "title": "Grooming technology leaders", "text": "Elizabeth Sherly, director, Indian Institute of Information Technology and Management-Kerala (IIITM-K) talks to Priya C Nair about the significance of IT education and how the centre is promoting technology educationQ- What is the guiding principle at Indian Institute of Information Technology and Management-Kerala (IIITM-K), which distinguishes it from other technology and management institutions of the country?  Indian Institute of Information Technology and Management-Kerala (IIITM-K) was established in the year 2000 by the Government of Kerala, to promote higher education and IT related information services across Kerala and beyond. The mission of the institute is to be an institution of excellence in providing high quality education, research, development, and training in basics and applied areas of information technology and management.At IIITM-K we provide a nurturing and challenging environment that encourages academic excellence, character development and challenge each student with cutting edge technology. The course delivery is rigorous as it provides a unique and innovative learning environment, with emphasis on fundamentals and advanced topics in IT, managerial skills, and interpersonal skill sets, with intense hands on experience in domain based labs. Our students gain latest knowledge and skills necessary to meet the challenges and rigors of today's competitive world that equips them to be leaders in the emerging knowledge driven industry, services and management.Q- What are your initiatives to promote technology education in Kerala?  Technology is only a facilitator which makes life simpler and easier and is developing day by day. The basic strength of programmes in technology is mathematics, physics, science and engineering, that has to be considered as primary indicators of quality of technical education. The courses at IIITM-K are designed by realising the need of interdisciplinary studies and the highly skilled manpower requirement in scientific organisation, industry and government. Government of Kerala has introduced a new scheme called Special Postgraduate Education Expansion Drive in IT (SPEED-IT) for producing more post graduates and PhD holders in IT by providing scholarships for study. IIITM-K is one of the beneficiaries of the SPEED-IT scholarship.Q- Which are the unique courses that IIITM-K offers students?  The institute is now offering three Masters programmes, one research programme and one postgraduate diploma programme in e-governance. The postgraduate programmes are in information technology, computational science, geo-informatics, eco-informatics, and e-governance. While the Masters programmes and the research programmes are open to both fresh and experienced candidates, the post-graduate diploma programme in e-governance basically aims at developing skills to implement e-governance in professionals working in government and industry. The programme is also open to fresh graduates who are interested to make a career in e-governance.Besides the teaching programmes the institute conducts training programmes for government and industry aiming at capacity building. It does several sponsored as well as faculty/ students initiated research in information technology and in disciplines relevant to it. As part of the mission to popularise and educate general public on the use of information technology, research findings are disseminated through professional journals, magazines, local newspapers and also by holding state and national level seminars, workshops and conferences.Q- What does IIITM-K look for in a candidate? What important factors do you consider during admission?  We look only the ability of a student to learn and innovate. The admission process involves a national level test, accessing their ability in mathematics, reasoning and basic science and engineering. Those who are having valid GATE score are exempted from written test. Interview is only a personal interaction and counselling to find out their interest to study, ability to cope up with the course etc.Q- What kind of placement records are you generating year on year?  IIITM-K has excellent track record of job placement for students. Most of the graduates take up a career in major companies like JFWTCGE, IBM , Oracle, TCS, MindTree, Infosys, Wipro, Zensar Technologies, Tata Elxsi , V-Moksha, HCL Infosystems, Patni Computer Systems, Siemens, Amdocs, US Technology, IBS, Ingenero, Huawei Technologies , Mcfadyen and several others, through job placements and campus internships. The institute has an active placement cell with several experts providing orientation and counselling for students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15099782", "title": "Many takers for aviation, hospitality courses", "text": "MANGALORE: The demand for courses and educational institutions is on the rise in this coastal district. Many students, who hitherto were flocking to Bangalore from Dakshina Kannada district to pursue various courses related to aviation and hospitality, now have the option to do the same closer home.Providing them this opportunity is Aptech Ltd which has launched Aviation and Hospitality Academy (AHA, Mangalore). The academy, first-of-its-kind academy in the DK district, offers nine courses about aviation and hospitality management.Aptech deputy general manager (business development) Krishnan Iyer told TOI that out of every 200 applicants to six AHA centres in Bangalore, 20% of the applicants are from DK. Most of the nine courses are affiliated to Mahatma Gandhi University. The unique aspect of these courses is that classes will be conducted everyday for only for two hours in different batches, which helps students pursue other courses simultaneously.Krishnan says due to increasing number of foreign tourists to India, around 10 lakh jobs are lying vacant in aviation and hotel sectors. \"There will be a huge demand for aviation and hospitality management graduates by 2020. Many airports are expected to open even in small towns, and the number of hotels is already increasing to cater to the needs of tourists,\" he added.As part of all the nine courses, the students have to compulsorily do internship for 1-3 months and candidates in 17-26 age group are eligible for the courses. \"After completing the courses, students will be given placement assistance,\" Krishnan said, adding that salary in aviation and hotel sectors are in Rs 12,000-Rs 60,000 range.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15098326", "title": "2 girls drown in Shamshabad lake", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two young girls accidentally drowned in a lake in Shamshabad on Sunday afternoon. The girls were identified as Ruchita, 14, and her sister, Chandana, 12, from Rainaguda in Shamshabad.The girls were daughters of a daily wage worker Siddayya Murthy and the mishap occurred when they went to a water body located in the neighbouring Malkaram village on Sunday afternoon to attend nature's call.\"The girls went towards the deeper side of the water body and drowned. In the evening, villagers noticed the bodies of the girls in the water and fished them out,\" Shamshabad sub-inspector (SI) A Srinivas said. A suspicious death case was booked under section 174 of the CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15100021", "title": "Two die in separate incidents in Indore", "text": "INDORE: In separate incidents of murder on the intervening night of Saturday and Sunday, a woman was strangulated to death by her husband in Sikundrabad Colony and a youth was stabbed to death in Banganga area.In one of the incidents, the deceased identified as Rehana alias Ranu, 32, was a resident of Sikundrabad Colony under the jurisdiction of Sadar Bazaar area.Suspecting her fidelity, her husband strangulated her to death after having quarrel on Saturday night, the police said.When the police reached the spot, they found the woman lying dead on the floor with a dupatta near the body. According to the police, the accused must have strangulated her using the dupatta. Police said that the deceased husband doubted her character when she got pregnant immediately after returning from her maternal's home.However, the police have arrested the accused when he was trying to escape with his children. The body was sent to hospital for autopsy.In another incident, a labourer was stabbed to death by unidentified persons in Banganga area. The deceased identified as Prakash, 22, was son of Bhanwar Lal. He belonged to Sagar and was residing here in Kumeri Kankar. Police have sent the body to the district hospital for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15100892", "title": "Farmers rock Punjab's boat, want direct relief payout", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The fund-starved Punjab government might be eyeing the Rs 800 crore drought relief package from the Centre for deficient rains, but the state's farmers have different plans. Wiser after their experience of the state government pocketing the money given by Centre for planting and sustaining paddy to make the country food secure, the biggest farmer organization, Bharti Kisan Union, has urged the Prime Minister to give the money directly to farmers and not to the state government.If deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal was readying to do the rounds of offices of the agriculture and power minister in Delhi, with eyes set on Rs 800 crore drought relief package, also given by Centre in 2010, the farmers have already put a spanner in the state government's plans.\"I went to the Prime Minister's office on Friday and apprised the Centre on state government's tactics to pocket the farmers' money. The government is claiming compensation after fudging figures of money spent on power. The fact is that farmers are not getting more than four to five hours of power from the state government, despite tall promises in the election manifesto,\" said Balbir Singh Rajewal, head of Bharti Kisan Union.Rajewal has contested Badal's claims that the state is spending Rs 6,556 crore for buying power for farmers. \"The figure is wrong, I will resign if this statistic touted by the government is found right. Farmers are not getting power, they are spending Rs 100-1500 on diesel every day. Farmers should get monetary relief directly and not to the state government and we have made this clear to the central government,\" said the leader who enjoys the status of a cabinet minister in the government.In 2010, the SAD-BJP government had refused to hand over the money the Centre gave as a drought relief measure to the farmers. This led to a major farmers' agitation, with.the state government finally agreeing to give Rs 300 crore to farmers, of which only Rs 150 crore has been given so far. Chief minister P S Badal had in the budget session defended himself by producing letters by the Centre, on the floor of the house, that the money was allocated to the state government. \"It was our generosity that we gave something to the farmers out of it,\" Badal had said.With both the Badals heading to Delhi to seek a package, the stage is set for a bitter fight between the farmers and the government once again. We will pour into the national capital and put up an agitation like never seen before if the money is not given directly to farmers by the Centre,\" said Rajewal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15099478", "title": "282 Mysore kids are malnourished", "text": "MUMBAI: In a city like Mysore which has made giant strides in many sectors, health of children still remains a concern.According to a survey, 2 per cent of the surveyed children aged below 10 in the city are found to be malnourished and children from even upscale areas are underweight. Among the malnourished kids, girls outnumbered the boys.Out of 15,595 children surveyed, 282, including 161 girls and 121 boys, are malnourished. The survey was conducted by the Urban Poverty Alleviation Cell (UPAC) attached to the Mysore City Corporation (MCC), in the 65 wards in the civic body. The MCC was assisted by the women and child welfare department and health and family welfare department.The World Health Organization has cited malnutrition as the greatest single threat to public health.District minister S A Ramdas on Sunday said a special unit will be set up at Cheluvamba Hospital, the children's institute attached to the Mysore Medical College and Research Institute, at a cost of Rs 1.22 crore to take care of the malnourished children in the city.The facility will open in November to mark Children's Day. The scheme entails the family of the malnourished kids to get additional ration of 5 kg wheat a month and the kids will be examined regularly for three months.After the cursory survey, the authorities have now decided to continue the house-to-house survey to find out the extent of malnourishment among urban kids.Ramdas said there are 281 children, who are not attached to anganwadi centres in the MCC limits while there are 163 such children in rural areas. All these kids will be given the nutritional supplements after enrolling them to anganwadi centres, the minister said.Cheluvamba Hospital has been identified as a referral centre to attend to children suffering from malnutrition.The city-based CFTRI, will also be included in the programme, he added.A special unit will be set up at Cheluvamba Hospital at a cost of Rs 1.22 crore to take care of the malnourished children in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15103549", "title": "Two films will fight Salman's Ek Tha Tiger on Eid", "text": "Two big Bhojpuri films will fight with Salman Khan's Ek Tha Tiger on Eid. They are 'Ganga Jamna Sarswati' and 'Ek Bihari Sau Pe Bhari'. One more film 'Rakhwala' was supposed to be released at the same time but it there is no news regarding it's release now.Holi, Eid and Diwali is very suitable time for Bhojpuri film release in Bihar. Every year more than three films are released on these occasions.Ganga Jamna Sarswati a big budget Bhojpuri film. Producer Alok Kumar says,\" We are hopeful about our product and I hope our film will be a mega hit\". Super Star Ravi Kishan says,\" It is dangerous to release some big films in one just one day. We have to share our film's business to other films.\" Second film which is going to hit the theater on Eid is Nirahua, Anjana Singh starer Ek Bihari Sau Pe Bhari . Director Jagdish Sharma says,\" We have sold our films to distributor and the distributor wants to release it on Eid. He is hope full about the film because of title of the film.\" Source: bhojpuritrade.blogspot.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15099813", "title": "Voice of youth is voice of society, says bishop", "text": "MANGALORE: Most Rev Robert Miranda, the Bishop of Gulbarga, on Sunday said the voice of the youth is the voice of the society. Inaugurating Cordel Youth Cafe, a seminar for the youth of Cordel Church here, the Bishop said such programmes are organized for Bishops by CBCI and by All-India Youth Conference.While lauding the parish for their initiative, Most Rev Robert Miranda said each and every individual can feel the pull of Lord Jesus in their lives.Rev Fr Valerian Pinto, parish priest, said the seminar is a first of its kind in Cordel.Discussions were held on various topics at the well-attended progrmme, which was jointly held by the youth and cultural committee of the church and ICYM Cordel unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15099274", "title": "Uttar Pradesh government planning to inject life into ailing cooperative banks", "text": "LUCKNOW: With the Uttar Pradesh government planning to inject around Rs 2,000 crore to revive and restructure the defunct cooperative banks and credit societies in the state, the ailing cooperative banks expects to get a new lease of life. A blueprint prepared for this purpose envisages restructuring of 25 cooperative banks, which are sluggish in their operation and revival of another equal number of banks, which are non-operative, sick and overburdened with non-performing assets, running into over Rs 1000 crore.In fact these non-operative banks have also come under the scanner of the Reserve Bank of India by way of cancellation of their licenses, under various provisions of the of the Banking Regulation Act.Thus for all practical purposes these banks are lying defunct and the employees are not paid their salaries. On the other hand, deposits taken by these banks in the past are also not paid back to depositors. The issue has been constantly a source of discontent with both employees and depositors on agitation time and again. The prevailing scenario, which has emerged due to constant neglect on part of the successive governments, has rendered the cooperative movement virtually defunct in the state. The worst impact of this could be seen on the rural agrarian economy, as small and marginal farmers depend mostly on the co-operative banks for the credit.As a result, the cooperative movement, which was once powerful and through which Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav also made his mark in the politics in his early formative days, is now plagued with weaknesses and problems. According to experts, the three basic weaknesses are: The economic viability of the major activities undertaken, cooperative leadership and management capacity, and lack of democratic control by the members. Incidentally, the government interference and control on these institutions, is also blamed for the prevailing situation.Thus, the weak cooperative economy has contributed to considerable intra-cooperative friction and competition for scarce resources. As a result the cooperative movement has often failed to display unity in response to major government policy initiatives.When asked to comment, registrar cooperative, Devashis Panda said the revival package prepared is guided by the vision to address the problems and weaknesses of the system. He said, \"The state had accepted the Vaidhyanathan Committee's recommendations. This awards the state a central assistance of Rs 1545.69 crore through a MoU signed between the state and the Centre on conditions that there would be a model law for running the banks and credit societies, appointment of chief executive officers in fitment of the merit, induction of independent directors on the board and government equity. The fund given by the committee would be used to clean up the balance-sheet and set free the ailing banks from their non-performing assets. Once this is done, these banks would start their operation afresh.\"In addition to this, he said the state government would inject Rs 373 crore to brush up the functioning and meet the overhead cost of these banks as per the estimates made by the joint task force comprising officials from the RBI, NABARD and the registrar cooperative. As against the promised central assistance, Rs 629 crore had already been received and efforts made for the release of the remaining Rs 916 crore. Till the time this fund is released, he said that the state had also made available Rs 265 crore for immediate need.With this fund, he said 10 banks facing closure have been identified for resuming operation shortly at Pratapgarh, Rae Bareli, Kanpur, Mau, Fatehgarh, Aligarh, Unnao, Bahraich, Faizabad and Lucknow. Another 10 banks would be reopened after the release of remaining part of the central assistance. For the remaining five banks, which are in most critical stage, he said, the options before the government is to go for their merger or liquidation depending on their financial situation. They are located at Siddharthnagar, Jaunpur, Sultanpur, Bahraich and Deoria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104160", "title": "Jamia Hamdard University invites applications for various courses", "text": "Hamdard Institute of Medical Sciences and Research, department of paramedical sciences, Jamia Hamdard University invites applications for BSc medical imaging technology, BSc medical record and health information management, BSc optometry, BSc cardiology laboratory techniques, BSc operation theatre techniques and BSC dialysis techniquesYou need: Candidates who have already applied for MBBS course who want to study these courses need not apply again or pay any application fee. They have to fill in a consent form from the department of paramedical sciences, Jamia Hamdard University. For more information, visit www.jamiahamdard.ac.in, www.himsr.orgForm: www.jamiahamdard.ac.in, www.himsr.orgDeadline: July 31", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15099366", "title": "Devoid of beauty, Gudiya Talab fights to save itself", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Gudiya Talab which was once associated with lush greenery and plants with a central pool in has gradually turned into a virtual barren land due to the callous attitude of the Allahabad Municipal Corporation authorities. And it is only during Nagpanchami that the little pond is cleaned and filled with water. Nagpanchami would be celebrated on July 23.The laxity of the Allahabad Municipal Corporation authorities can be fathomed from the fact that no one from the Allahabad Municipal Corporation comes to take trim the plants that have grown here. The grass that has mushroomed in the area is also irregular. The railings around the Gudiya Talab have been broken and taken by the people. The decorative lights that were erected on the railings have also been broken and there is not even a single light that is functional. In the central pool, lots of moss has accumulated at the place and no steps are being taken by the Allahabad Municipal Corporation to clean up the tank.Due to the desolate look of the place, it is a safe haven for the anti-social elements who turn up at night. People with criminal antecedents assemble, gamble and even take drugs at this place. If a person enters Gudiya Talab, then one can find bottles of illegal drugs, used syringes, playing cards dotting across the green landscape.Normally, the main entrance gate of the Gudiya Talab is always locked. However, the local residents have found a way to enter the place. They have broken the lower portions of the gate and made a hole through which outsiders enter the place.It is pertinent to mention then district magistrate and administrator of Allahabad Municipal Corporation Amrit Abhijaat took the initiative and Gudiya Talab was given a facelift in the year 2006. The then state environment minister Ujjwal Raman Singh inaugurated Gudiya Talab on August 5, 2006. New railings were put up and decorative lights were also erected at the place to impart a fresh look to the Gudiya Talab.Expressing anger a resident of Khuldabad, Navin said, \"The step-motherly attitude of the AMC has resulted in the deterioration of the pond. This is bad, and officials must take immediate steps to clean it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "sircilla", "code": "15098475", "title": "Sircilla on the edge over Vijayamma\u2019s fast", "text": "SIRCILLA: The weavers' town of Sircilla turned into a battlefield ahead of the `chenetha deeksha' (fast for weavers) by YSR Congress Party honorary president Vijayamma in support of weavers here on Monday. Unfazed by the threats held out by the TRS and pro-Telangana activists to disrupt Vijayamma's fast, the YSR CP leader said she would go ahead with the deeksha.Thousands of police personnel have been deployed to avoid any untoward incident even as protesters burnt Vijayamma's effigies and organized protests and rallies across Karimnagar as part of 'Chalo Sircilla' on Sunday. More than hundred TRS activists were taken into preventive custody. Miscreants damaged late CM YS Rajasekhara Reddy's statue at Garjanapalli village in Yellareddypet mandal. Hundreds of dalits led by D Ramulu took out a procession in support of YSR CP leader showing chappals to TRS activists, which created tension. However, police dispersed both the groups.The TRS called for a town bandh on Monday in protest against the deeksha and resolved to intensify the agitations and protests in Karimnagar district. The activists warned that Karimnagar would witness another 'Mahabubabad kind of violence' if Vijayamma does not drop her plans. Warangal district TRS convenor Peddi Sudarshan Reddy and 30 others were arrested and sent to Subedari police station in Hanamkonda when they were proceeding to Sircilla. Telangana JAC and students unions, who are also opposing the deeksha, demanded that Vijayamma clarify her party's stand on the Telangana issue.TRS women's wing called upon the youth and women to foil the deeksha. Gurram Padma of the women's wing pooh-poohed Vijayamma's concern for weavers. Sources said political JAC chairman Prof M Kodandaram, Medak MP Vijayashanti, poets Deshapathi Srinivas and Rasamayi Balakishan and other leaders would take part in a dhoom-dham programme to oppose Vijayamma's fast.TRS MP Vijayashanti asked Vijayamma to list the steps taken by the YSR regime for weavers' welfare. She said hundreds of weavers committed suicide during YSR's tenure but no financial support was extended to the kin of the victims. She alleged that Vijayamma was only trying to garner political mileage and called upon students and JAC activists to thwart her deeksha. Sircilla MLA K Tarakarama Rao said Telangana people would oppose her deeksha till the YSR CP makes its stand clear on the Telangana statehood issue.Meanwhile, the YSR CP leaders urged the government to provide adequate security to Vijayamma. They said the TRS leaders' call to oppose the deeksha defies logic as Vijayamma was taking up a genuine cause of weavers.It may be mentioned that Mahabubabad witnessed unprecedented violence in May 2010 when angry mobs pelted stones at former minister Konda Surekha and others at the railway station waiting room ahead of Jaganmohan Reddy's arrival in the town for his Odarpu yatra. A youth was killed when the police opened fire to disperse the crowd. Jagan was arrested and the yatra was cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15099418", "title": "Dipping water table puts Karchana in critical list, 6 others semi-critical", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the report of Union ministry of water resources revealing that the Karchana block of the district comes under critical category, while six other blocks - Bahadurpur, Dhanupur, Kaurihar, Pratappur, Saidabad and Urwa - come under semi-critical category as far as level of groundwater table is concerned, officials of the department and district administration are walking an extra mile to spread awareness among residents of these areas.Pointedly, 76 out of 820 development blocks of the state have been placed under 'over-exploited' category by the ministry of water resources in its report. Besides, the ministry of water resources had also placed 32 blocks in critical, 107 in semi-critical and rest 605 blocks under normal category.In a fresh attempt to promote water conservation and maintain water resources in rural and urban sectors, officials of the groundwater department have come with 'water saving tips' for citizens. According to officials, if a person bathes with bucket and mug instead of shower, then he or she can save at least 20-30 litres water everyday. Similarly, if you wash your hands using a mug instead of running water from tap, you can also save at least 10 litres of water.Officials further added that there are many useful tips like flow of water from tap should be slow and leaking taps should be immediately rectified. Besides, if you want to wash your cash or vehicle, you should always use bucket water instead of continuous running water pipe.Officials advised women to use the tap only when they were washing utensils and everyone should maintain the speed limit of tap while brushing and shaving. Similarly, there should be valves attached to water tanks in all circumstances, as it could check the wastage of water and overflow to a great extent.If you have stored water in your kitchen, then use it first instead of getting fresh water every time for home works. In the same regard, farmers are being advised to use \"drip irrigation methods\" for gardening and \"sprinkler method for irrigation of fields\".Executive engineer, groundwater department, HB Samvedi, said, \"Private institutions like hospitals, educational institutions, hotels and other industries should install roof top rainwater harvesting system for water conservation. Used water can be utilised for gardening and toilets.\" He added that if you are washing clothes in buckets, you can save at least 45 litres of water. And, if you have enough space, then you should construct an underground water tank so that rain water could be stored and used.Samvedi, however, maintained that the department has been promoting the concept of water re-cycling among masses and people should save water everyday in their routine work. More efforts are underway to store rain water in ponds in rural pockets of the district. Efforts are also underway to store the used water of various villages and blocks. This would help in checking depletion of water level.District Development Officer ( DDO), R C Pandey, told TOI, \"We have been making constant efforts to apprise the villagers about the importance of maintaining groundwater level. And they have been advised to create ponds to store used water. If villagers are able to understand the factors responsible for declining groundwater table, they would surely be making their own efforts to maintain the water resources. Villagers of seven blocks have come forward to create ponds and maintain the water resources.\"\"If we fail to check over-exploitation of groundwater, the situation will become grimmer,\" said Pandey and added that soaring temperatures, exploding population and the ever-expanding city limits are prime factors that are taking a toll on the groundwater levels in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15106355", "title": "Big B mourns death of Captain Lakshmi Sehgal", "text": "Megastar Amitabh Bachchan mourned the demise of Captain Lakshmi Sehgal, who died today following a brief illness, calling her a \"fierce freedom fighter\".Sehgal (97) breathed her last at a private hospital at Kanpur.\"Shrimati Lakshmi Sehgal passes away at 97 in Kanpur... fierce freedom fighter for Independence of India... what a lady! Prayers for her soul! She was with Subhash Chandra Bose and the INA... the Indian National Army to fight against British rule,\" the 69-year-old actor tweeted.She was very active during the Independence movement and had commanded the 'Rani of Jhansi Regiment' of the INA formed by Bose.A doctor by profession, Sehgal was working as a medical practitioner and a social worker. She was awarded Padma Vibhushan in 1998.\"Captain Lakshmi Sahgal... grandmother of Shaad Ali, who directed 'Bunty Aur Babli' and 'Jhoom Barabar Jhoom '... condolences and prayers Shaad!\"Just yesterday Shaad sent sms to me on her condition that despite cardiac attack, continued to conduct herself with a fighting spirit,\" Bachchan further posted on the micro-blogging site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15098663", "title": "Man held for extortion bid on ex-employer", "text": "PUNE: The Shivajinagar police on Saturday arrested a former employee of a hotel for allegedly attempting to extort Rs 20 lakh from the owner of the hotel.The suspect, Bhalchandra Vishwanath Palnitkar (45) of Alibaug, allegedly sent SMSs to the hotel owner, threatening to molest his daughter.A police team led by assistant inspector Pramod Waghmare nabbed Palnitkar from Lonavla on Saturday night.Waghmare said that Palnitkar was working at the complainant's hotel at Shivajinagar. A few days ago, he had left the hotel and started working at a restaurant in Chinchwad. \"On July 20, Palnitkar sent an SMS to the complainant's phone, threatening to molest his daughter. He demanded Rs 20 lakh from the complainant.\"Initially, the complainant ignored the SMS, Waghmare said. \"However, when he got three similar SMSs, he got frightened and lodged a complaint with the police. Following a tip-off that the suspect was in Lonavla, a police team comprising constables Shrikant Waghole, Sudhir Mane and Irfan Momin rushed to Lonavla and nabbed Palnitkar.During interrogation Palnitkar admitted to his involvement in the crime. He said that he was debt-ridden and has to repay a loan of Rs 12 lakh. While working at the complainant's hotel, he came to know about his financial condition and hatched a plot to extort Rs 20 lakh from him.\"Palnitkar is from a well-off family. He is a commerce graduate and his wife is a government employee,\" Waghmare said.Palnitkar was produced in the court on Sunday and was remanded in police custody till July 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15100438", "title": "40% Indians don\u2019t care for eye care", "text": "BANGALORE: When it comes to eye care, over 40% Indians say 'I don't care', says a recent survey by a leading lens and spectacle company. The survey conducted on 1,000 Indians concluded that only 43% of Indians have had a comprehensive eye test in the past 12 months and 64% have had their eyes checked in 1-2 years.Barometer of global eye health, a survey conducted in 11 countries, including India, with a sample size of 1,000 people in each country, said: \"70% of Indians do not get their eyes checked more often because they feel they do not have any symptoms.\"Dr Bhujang Shetty, eye specialist and director, Narayana Nethralaya, said: \"Indians go for check-up only when they suffer some eye pain. This is more because majority of our population is based in rural areas. There is less accessibility to eye hospitals or ophthalmologists, and also eye care is not affordable . We need more awareness and education programmes to spread the message on regular eye check-ups.\"The survey said: \"One reason Indians do not get their eyes checked more often is because they can just see fine.\"Pollution, which can spell eye trouble was not considered as a threat by about 28% Indians. Dr Arun Samprthi, consultant, paediatric ophthalmology and squint , said: \"Pollution is a key factor that can give many eye-related problems. It can begin with routine allergies like conjunctivitis , itching, constant watering of eyes and can lead to severe complications like keratoconus (chronic eye allergy). Many people also suffer dryness or redness in eyes due to pollution .\" One of the key issues to emerge from the results is about 53% Indians did not know that lifestyle diseases like diabetes and obesity can lead to eyesight complications.Dr Prashanth CN, assistant professor, Dr BR Ambedkar Medical College and a cornea consultant, said: \"Diabetes directly affects the retina. High blood sugar level can reduce blood supply to the retina, which can lead to internal bleeding and permanently damage the eyesight. It can also result in retinal detachment.\"The survey conducted by Bausch and Lomb said unmarried Indians have never had their eyes checked in the past (52%) compared to married Indians (49%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15099404", "title": "US embassy representatives to interact with students, faculty members of IIIT-A", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A team comprising of representatives of the embassy of the United States in India will be visiting Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad on July 24, regarding opportunities for higher studies in USA. The team members will meet IIIT-A senior students including B Tech seventh semester, M Tech, MBA and MSCLIS in the institute and reply their queries relating to visa and prospects of higher education in the US.Director, IIIT-A Dr MD Tiwari on Sunday said that from the trends seen in the past, it was evident that IIIT-A students opt USA as their first choice for final semester's six-month project work as well as for higher studies abroad. Such students have to obtain US visa and also need to be exposed for higher studies opportunities available in the USA. \"USA is suitable place of education for students seeking higher qualification in most advance studies, especially in science and technology and business management. Many of top ranked universities are in USA. Study in US university or college is a dream for the students of under developing nations. Every year a large number of students move towards USA in the pursuit of higher education,\" said the director.Students' counsellor Dr RC Tripathi said that institute has been promoting advanced education and other career opportunities of its students abroad with special emphasis on the USA. \"Looking into our potential, a team of four officers from US Embassy has identified our institute for a question answering meeting to address IIIT-A students how to best utilise education, teaching and research opportunities in USA.\"The US team visiting IIIT-A will comprise of Monika Shie, US counsellor officer, Syed Khalid Jamal, US embassy educational advisor and Meena Sanyal, US embassy press counsellor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098632", "title": "SC quashes plea against state\u2019s ambulance plan", "text": "MUMBAI: A plea against Maharashtra government's tendering process in procuring 937 ambulances for its statewide emergency medical services (EMS) has been rejected by the apex court.The appeal was filed by GVK-Chikitsa, which lost the bid to BVG and its London-based partner. The Bombay high court too had upheld the tendering process.The state government had appointed the All India Institute of Medical Sciences as consultants to prepare the specifications for the EMS ambulances. Public health minister Suresh Shetty said the EMS will be funded by the Centre and the state government. \"Now that the apex court has dismissed the appeal we will issue the work order,\" Shetty said.The EMS is based on the 'Golden Hour' concept where a patient is shifted within the first hour to the nearest hospital. This is hoped to be achieved through a dedicated toll-free number. Moreover, patients won't be charged for the round-the-clock service.Medical emergencies include road accidents, natural calamities, outbreak of epidemics, situations related to pregnant women and newborns. The ambulances will be fitted with equipment certified by European or American government associations and have an ayurvedic doctor. A centre, set up at the government chest hospital in Aundh, Pune, will take distress calls and deploy the vehicles. With 937 ambulances, the EMS will be larger than London's fleet ambulance service, which has a strength of 700.The state will bear the cost of manufacturing ambulances, setting up the call centre and expenses related to training and salaries of personnel. The government will need around 3,000 doctors to man the ambulances.Each ambulance is estimated to cost Rs 16 lakh and the recurring cost is estimated at Rs 12 lakh annually. The capital cost will be borne by the Centre while the recurring cost will be shared for the first three years. From the fourth year, the state government will bear the entire cost estimated at Rs 9 crore. The EMS is functional in Gujarat , Rajasthan, Kerala, Karnataka, AP, Meghalaya, Assam , TN, Goa, Uttarakand, Punjab, HP and Chhattisgarh.The appeal was filed in the apex court by GVK-Chikitsa, which lost the bid to BVG and its London-based partner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15098367", "title": "Police, expressway concessionaire lack gear to respond to crisis", "text": "GURGAON: It seems neither the traffic police nor the private concessionaire managing the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway is equipped to swiftly handle an emergency situation. It took them nearly five hours to clear the road after a heavy container turned turtle on the main carriageway on Wednesday.The traffic police put the entire blame of Wednesday's incident on the private agency DSC Ltd for not removing the container quickly from the spot. The former only has one recovery vehicle with the department to remove overturned or broken down vehicles. The container had blocked the road leading to long pile-ups of vehicles on the surrounding roads for many hours.As far as the private agency is concerned, it has four recovery vehicles besides patrolling vans, to keep a tab on smooth movement on the expressway. A spokesperson said the patrolling team had come to know about the container around 3am on Wednesday and alerted the office. Subsequently, a crane was sent to the spot for removing it.However, the container was too heavy to be lifted by one crane. Otherwise, in such a case, it does not take much time in removing obstacles from the expressway in normal circumstances, the spokesperson added.The incident has exposed the unpreparedness of the police and the private agency to deal with such a \"once in a while\" situation. The private agency confirmed that it did not have a huge crane to remove containers, even though the expressway is used by hundreds of containers on daily basis. Also, the patrolling vehicle failed to gauge how many cranes were required.While agreeing that more cranes should be available with the traffic police, DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora said, \"As far as the expressway is concerned, it is DSC Ltd's complete responsibility.\" Arora added that in case it is required, the traffic police gets help from MCG and HUDA.Amidst this blame game, it is the commuters who suffer the most. The accident exposed poor traffic management in a very evident way. Firstly, the whole traffic force was busy clearing the container and there was %nobody managing the traffic on the other side of the highway. The chaos could have easily led to a serious traffic hazard.Secondly, cordoning off the incident zone was done %in the most haphazard way, said Shikant Mishra, a commuter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15099815", "title": "Lecturers welcome move on superannuation, pay", "text": "MANGALORE: The Association of Mangalore University College Teachers (AMUCT) has welcomed Centre's decision to relax the condition of enhancement of age of superannuation of college teachers to 65 years in state-run colleges for implementation of revised pay scales. Norbert Lobo, president, and Purushothama K V, general secretary, have said that salary arrears of revised pay scales have been pending since 2006 due to this.AMUCT acknowledges the efforts and help of Oscar Fernandes, MP and chairman of parliamentary standing committee. AMUCT office-bearers had submitted a memorandum to Oscar on this issue at AMUCT's AGM convened on July 1, and the latter had promised to take up the issue on priority. AMUCT thanked Oscar for his prompt action in this regard.Norbert told TOI that college lecturers across the state did not press for superannuating from services at 65. \"We were happy with the superannuation age of 60 years,\" he said, adding that it is the prerogative of state government to decide on retirement age. \"Efforts of few senior lecturers, who moved the court seeking retirement age be kept at 65 years as decided by the UGC while formulating the pay package, were not successful,\" he noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15100349", "title": "BJP MLA\u2019s kin booked for drunk driving", "text": "BANGALORE: A 20-year-old youth, son of educationist D Premachandra Sagar and nephew of BJP MLA D Hemachandra Sagar, was booked for drunk and dangerous driving past Saturday midnight.The youth, identified as Rohan Prem Sagar, is doing his graduation in the US.Police said Rohan, driving a Force car, was under the influence of alcohol. He was speeding when he entered the Richmond flyover from Richmond Road side.He was about to take a right towards Mission Road when he lost control and climbed the median before grinding to a halt, police said.Ulsoorgate traffic police sub-inspector BS Ananth said: '' When I reached the spot while patrolling, I saw that Rohan was drunk. We booked a case against him.''Ananth denied that there was any altercation. He said Rohan's friends came to Ulsoorgate police station and took the car away.Premachandra and Hemachandra did not respond to calls. Premachandra is the vice-chairman of Dayananda Sagar Group of Institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15098973", "title": "CBI to ask defence ministry if Verma violated OSA", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI will send a set of 'confidential' documents to the defence ministry on Monday to seek its opinion whether it is a case of violation of Official Secrets Act (OSA). The agency had received a number of documents from a US-based estranged business associate of arms dealer Abhishek Verma.The agency has received several documents related to acquisition deals of defence forces from US-based attorney C Edmond Allen which he had also sent to the defence ministry, Enforcement Directorate and other agencies.CBI sources said if a case of violation of OSA has to be filed, the complaint has to come from the defence ministry because only it can confirm whether the documents are of secret nature to attract charges. They said most of these documents related to acquisition requirements were given to select defence supply firms and Verma, being in alleged arms supply business, could have got it but whether they constitute charges of OSA violation has to be decided by the departments concerned.The two documents which the CBI is suspicious about are the Krishnamurthy report on the construction of new-generation submarines and relations of Verma's alleged front company Ganton with a reputed helicopter manufacturer.\"Based on these documents, we can't file a case unless the defence ministry or any of the authority concerned gives a complaint under the OSA,\" a source said.The CBI has booked Verma and his wife Anca Neascu for allegedly taking $5.3 lakh from Swiss firm Rheinmetall Air Defence AG for using his influence to stall the blacklisting proceedings initiated by the government against it after the Ordnance Factory Board scam had surfaced.Verma had filed a case against Allen accusing him of cheating him of Rs 55 crore and forging documents to defame him. Litigation between them is in progress in the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15102696", "title": "1.25 lakh homes for urban poor to come up in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government has fixed a target for construction of houses for urban poor. Some 1.25 lakh houses are to be constructed by various development authorities and private builders over the next one year.A decision to this effect was taken by the housing and urban planning department recently. What is interesting is that private developers have been given a higher target in comparison to government authorities. While the private builders have been asked to construct 88000 houses, development agencies have been given the target 40000 homes. The reason for this, sources said, unavailability of land for acquisition.However, the old arrangement for allotment wherein the houses constructed by private players would be allotted by the development agencies in the city has been continued. The government has also warned action against builders or developers who fail to achieve the target.As per the decision, development authorities will have to construct 21000 homes for economically weaker sections, 7000 homes for lower income groups category, 8000 middle income groups and 4000 for large income group. The target for private developers for EWS and lower income group is 35903 and 36084 respectively. Developers aiming to build integrated townships will have to build 7880 EWS and 8114 LIG homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15098386", "title": "Road dividers adding to water-logging woes", "text": "HYDERABAD: Road dividers are provided to help in traffic movement but, in the rainy season, these may well end up hampering the flow of vehicles by causing water logging. The evidence is at hand on the roads in the state capital as traffic snarls become a common sight even after the smallest of showers in the city.For instance, on the Khairatabad-Punjagutta stretch, it is the dividers and the central median which are responsible for rainwater gathering on the road, especially near Nims and Model House . Similarly, on many thoroughfares in the city like Raj Bhavan Road, Hyderguda road, Himayatnagar-Liberty stretch, Mettuguda-Tarnaka stretch, RP Road, MG Road, Moula Ali road and some locations on Banjara Hills, Road No.1 No.3, it is the dividers which are mainly responsible for water-logging and traffic jams.Water logging was also reported near flyovers at CTO and YMCA . Traffic came to a grinding halt on many stretches on Saturday mainly due to imperfectly placed medians and dividers. According to official figures, there were as many as 80 areas in the city which were inundated after Friday night's rain.Usually, dividers have to be provided on roads which are more than 100 feet wide. Earlier, the dividers would have gaps between them to allow rainwater space to flow off the road. In many areas, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has been replacing dividers with big central medians to enable advertising agencies put up vinyl boards and lollipop ads. These new central medians are without any gaps between them that would allow water to flow out following the natural gradient.And what is more, at newly-expanded roads, there is no provision for the water to escape and seep into the soil in case of rain. The Sangeet junction was widened a year back as part of a project to improve the inner ring road but commuters were soon having to deal with heavy water-logging at the junction towards Rail Nilayam.While some dividers and central medians were provided to actually regulate traffic, there are many which were provided by GHMC with an eye on advertisement revenue. Result: road dividers on stretches like the one between Bible House-Buddha Bhavan on RP Road and from Musheerabad to Narayanguda where the road width is not even 70 feet. Although its engineering wing had opposed the central median concept proposed by the advertising wing for giving rise to water stagnation problems, GHMC nonetheless settled for profit over prudence.A few years back, GHMC's earning from ad agencies was just about Rs 13 crore. Now, with indiscriminate hoardings and advertising boards, it has crossed Rs 25 crore per annum. GHMC has plans to provide dividers and central median on many more roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15100778", "title": "Staff crunch: UT policemen not pursuing higher studies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Often exhibiting signs of high stress and poor legal knowledge, UT policemen give the least preference to acquiring knowledge on psychology, stress-busting techniques and legal awareness.A course at Panjab University, which has 10 out of 60 seats reserved for in-service police personnel, has been witnessing a poor response from UT policemen since its commencement in 2007. Dearth of police staff and hence non-grant of leave have been cited as the prime reason for policemen not pursuing higher education, state PU officials.This master's degree two-year programme in police administration offered at PU's Centre for Police Administration includes subjects like criminology, international law, Indian Penal Code and Criminal Procedure Code, general law and psychology.\"There is a shortage of staff in most police forces and UT is no exception. There have been several efforts to motivate and encourage in-service policemen to join the course in the past since this would give them information on everything related to police services, be it managing people, psychology of criminals or even law,\" says Anil Monga, co-ordinator, Centre for Police Administration, PU. Out of this quota of 10 seats, either one seat has been filled or none at all in the last few years.\"We have been rigorously publicizing the course in the past and this year we are expecting some serving personnel from Border Security Force to join the programme,\" adds Monga. Of the handful of UT policemen who appeared in the interview this year, none have deposited fee for the course so far, cite university officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15100427", "title": "Painting exhibition to promote young artists of Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: A two-day exhibition of paintings was organised by some parents and Nature Art Creators Foundation here to promote young artists of the city. Around 115 paintings were displayed at the show where most exhibits were done by students of the foundation. The participants are winner at various state, national and even international levels.Farooque Sha, a drawing teacher at the Nature Art Creators foundation, who trained the students in drawing says \"The paintings were done by six students in the age group of 10-15years. Each student created at least 20 paintings.\"All the students used oil, water acrylic and other colours for the painting. There was also a huge canvas on which all the six participants drew in a group.But how do the students take out time for painting from their busy study schedule? It is with the support of their parents. \"I noticed my child drawing on the walls of our house,\" says S Rajina, mother of K Mohamed Shameer. Shameer, now a Class VI student of PSG Public School uses from oil paint, water colours to acrylic paints to paint.\"My daughter has been preparing for the exhibition for the past two years. She spends her free time and holidays in painting and we completely support her interest,\" says another parent, R Venkatesh, whose daughter V Priya Darshini is a Class VIII student at Avila Convent.According to the parents, though the cost of these paintings are high but they support their children's hardwork. \"Each painting took weeks and even months to finish,\" Venkatesh added.It is not just parents' support but also the enthusiasm of each student that made this exhibition possible. Most students spent around 8 to 10 hours on a free day on painting. N Alfia, a student of class 8 at SBOA says she manages time for painting within her study schedule by completing her homework during class.Farooque adds \"Painting has led to an increase in their concentration. Moreover, it is like an additional hobby that will benefit them in their lives,\" he says. The parents hope to conduct similar exhibitions later based on the response of the concluding event. Besides Alfia and Priya Darshini, the other four students who participated in the exhibition are R Dharshini, N Mohammed Wasim, S Mohamad Mansoor, and K Mohamed Shameer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15098564", "title": "4 held for trying to loot wine shop", "text": "PUNE: Four men arrested on July 19 for attempting to loot a wine shop on Dhole Patil Road have confessed that they had robbed the owner of a restaurant on the same road in April this year.The suspects, Anil Chaudhari, 42, of Sortapvadi in Haveli taluka, Anand Chopda, 29, of Shirur, Amol Jivraj Pillay, 31, of Yerawada and Dasharath Waghmode, 33, of Chinchwad, were arrested with sharp weapons on the basis of a tip-off received by the anti-dacoity cell of the crime branch led by inspector Satish Govekar.The suspects told the interrogators that on April 18 they had robbed Nandkumar Thadani (61), the owner of the 'Nandu's Paratha' restaurant on Dhole Patil road of cash, cell phone and wrist watch totalling to Rs 15,500. That night the four men had gone to Nandu's Paratha to have food. Thadani had told them that the restaurant had closed down. Angry at his refusal, they forcibly put Thadani in a car and took him to a secluded place near Deccan college. Before robbing Thadani of his valuables, they had beat him with a hard object and threw him out of the car. Thadani managed to reach the nearest police station and lodge a complaint.Govekar said that all the arrested men are criminals on police records. Anil Chaudhari is an aide of gangster Appa Londhe with two cases of murder registered against him. Chaudhari was also arrested earlier under the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Control Act (MCOCA). Chopda has two cases registered against him with the Shirur police station. Pillay has 20 cases registered against him while Dashrath Waghmode has three cases.The investigating team comprised assistant police inspector Yashwant Phulwade, constables Raghunath More, Nasir Patel, Devidas Bhandari, Pradip Shitole and Santosh Jagtap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15106279", "title": "Talk show on corporal punishment by an NGO", "text": "PUNE: Non-governmental organisation (NGO) Abhaya Abhiyaan has organised a talk show on corporal punishment and proposed amendments in the juvenile justice Act. The talk show will be held on July 24, at the S M Joshi hall at 5.30 pm.Abhaya Abhiyaan, which was started six years ago, is working to create non-violent schools and homes, making the government and bureaucracy accountable for violence against children and create awareness in society.Abhaya Abhiyaan is attempting to build a fear free learning environment in city schools. Swati Bhujbal, co-ordinator at the Abhaya Abhiyaan said, \"Soon, amendments will be made in the Juvenile Justice Act and accordingly teachers who hurt students in schools will be punished to the extent of one to seven years in jail as per the seriousness of the crime. Besides, our NGO, many other NGOs and educational trusts in the city have welcomed this move.\"Bhujbal said that 32 countries in the world have prohibited parents and teachers from punishing students n schools or at home. \"India is also taking a step in that direction with the pro-posed amendments,\" Bujbal said.The panelists on the talk show who will deliberate on these proposed amendments include A L Deshmukh from NGO 'Aapanch' and Sonali Shrikhande professor at ILS Law College among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15099754", "title": "Teachers should understand learning disabilities: Patna University vice-chancellor", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh said teachers should be trained properly to understand the learning disabilities in children and treat them accordingly. A concerted effort would have to be made by the educationists, psychologists and medical practitioners for the well-being and proper development of disabled children, he said.Inaugurating a national workshop on 'Understanding learning disabilities in schoolchildren' organized by Patna Women's Training College in collaboration with Brij Kishore Smarak Sansthan, Bihar Vidyapith, here, the VC said learning disability is a frustrating thing for both children and parents.In fact, without support and encouragement, a child with a learning disability may develop complex.However, there are ways parents and teachers can help such children grow and prosper like normal human being.Former VC of Magadh University (MU), Shamshad Hussain observed that learning disability did not have anything to do with a person's intelligence.After all, successful people such as Einstein, Walt Disney, Alexander Graham Bell and Winston Churchill all had learning disabilities.Hussain said there were many kinds of learning disabilities. Certain kinds of learning disabilities can interfere with a person's ability to concentrate or focus and can cause someone's mind to wander too much.Other learning disabilities can make it difficult for a student to read, write, spell, or solve mathematical problems.The way our brains process information is extremely complex - it's no wonder things can get messed up sometimes, he said.Eulogizing the recent 'non-detention' policy of the government for schoolchildren and psychosomatic approach of the healing people, Hussain pleaded for opening a counselling centre in each educational institution so that boys and girls might be counselled properly.Noted ophthalmologist Dr Ranjan Akhauri said defective vision also creates unwarranted stress on children.Eye test of pre-schoolchildren must be made mandatory so that they do not face any problem in life, he said.ENT expert Dr S K Prasad said no child is deaf or dumb but the society makes him so by ignoring his basic needs. They do not need sympathy but love and care. \"Don't ignore or punish such children,\" said Prasad.Noted paediatrician Dr Utpal Kant Singh, former head of PU English department, S S Prasad, PU education department's former head R P Singh, educationist S N Singh Sathi,PU psychology teacher Saroj Dube and Women's Training College principal Jessie Modi also addressed the participants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15099571", "title": "Raksha Bandhan celebrations: Colourful rakhis flood market", "text": "PATNA: With the most auspicious day for the celebration of sister-brother bond - 'Raksha Bandhan'- just a few weeks away, sisters across the city are thronging the market to buy rakhis for their loved brothers.Most of the shops in city markets have put up makeshift stalls displaying colourful threads. Like previous years, designers have also prepared special rakhis for all age groups and every section of customers. One can purchase rakhi for as little as Rs 4 apiece to Rs 5,000 apiece.Though cartoon rakhis that are priced at Rs 30 and above are attracting most of the sisters for tiny-tot brothers, traditional designer rakhis are also very much in demand. \"Traditional rakhis look very decent, mature and meaningful,\" said Swati Kumari, a student of Patna Women's College, buying rakhi at Boring Road.\"The thin, stone-studded and other designer rakhis with peacock feather, swastik, rudraksha, sandalwood, pearls and beads, priced between Rs 50 and Rs 300, are the most popular among middle-aged women ,\" said Sunny Kumar, a shopkeeper at Hathwa market.\"Rakhis with cartoon characters like Mickey, Donald, Cinchain and others, teddy bears and animal faces along with faces of Ganesh and Hanuman are also in demand,\" added Pankaj Singh , another shopkeeper at Patna Market.Apart from these, handmade rakhis are also sought after by many sisters. In this category, stone-studded or seashell embedded ones are most in demand. \"Handmade rakhis give a traditional look,\" said Kalpana Sinha (40), adding, \"I have always tied only these rakhis on my brother's wrists though their cost has now increased more than 20 times compared to the time when I was young; I still buy only these rakhis.\"Among the rich, many are going for silver rakhis. Saurabh Kumar, a branded jewellery shipowner at Dak Bungalow market, told TOI, \"We are bringing around 200 silver rakhis weighing 30gm and 35gm. These will be available for Rs 3,000 to Rs 3,500.\"Besides, rakhis studded with precious and semi-precious stones are also much in demand. Their prices vary with their colour and sizes.Many girls also tie rakhi on the wrist of Lord Krishna's idols as a tradition. For them, special rakhis made of pure wool are available in the market in different colours. The price of these rakhis is just Re 1 each.Apart from these, among the sisters whose brothers live at different other places, special 'traditional tikka thalis' are very popular. These 'thalis' include rakhi threads, rice, coconut and tikka and are available for Rs 150 to Rs 500. These 'thalis' are packed and can be sent through courier.\"My brother lives in Chandigarh and is unable to come here on the occasion of 'Raksha Bandhan'. So, I am sending him 'thali' as I don't like sending him just a plain rakhi,\" said Priyanka Singh, who was shopping at Boring Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15100796", "title": "'Tackling water scarcity and providing land for Kumbh are major challenges'", "text": "The monsoon this year has been too little, too late. How is the district administration tackling the situation?The monsoon has been delayed and rains have been insufficient... dams do not have sufficient water. The district administration is closely observing the situation. We are keeping our fingers crossed, hoping the rain gods will bless the region and the state. But we are ensuring that no demand for water goes unheard and unanswered.Western Nashik has got some rain, and there is some water trickling down through catchment areas into dams. We are hopeful that we will be able to provide water to Nashikites and people in Sinnar till mid-August. In Darna (dam), there is a reservation of 550 mcft of water out of 1100 mcft for Ahmednagar, Nashik and Vaijapur (Aurangabad district) which has to be released. Thereafter, Sinnar will get its share of 200 mcft and the rest can be used for Nashik.What happens if the rains fail beyond August?Planning is under way. As the rains are delayed, water cuts may be increased in the city too. We are identifying sources of water-wells and borewells-that will be acquired to fetch drinking water for people and cattle. A contingency plan is being prepared with all units being told to figure out strengths and weaknesses. The data will be integrated and updated every week. There is no dearth of funds now... neither will it be in future. We will undertake water conservation measures-including watershed development programmes. We are preparing for any disaster.How well-equipped is the district administration to face disasters?Unfortunately, I am bit sceptical about the present disaster management plan and readiness. Meetings with colleagues and officials gave me a feeling that on paper and equipment-wise we are placed very well, but not on the human front. Still there are loopholes. The standard operating procedure (SOP) for disaster management and mitigation techniques should be put on every head of department's desktop. The SOP will not only have contact numbers and addresses of agencies involved, but also requisition formats ready to save time-that is precious. Besides, we are also mulling imparting basic education on disaster mitigation. Officers should give a way of undertaking ad hoc measures instead of following procedures.We are in the middle of 2012. How is the district administration preparing for the mega-religious event Kumbh in 2015?The situation is very tough. The land where Sadhugram was raised at the last Kumbh Mela, when I was additional collector, Nashik, is now under litigation. There is some encroachment and the administration has not been able to locate land that could serve the purpose. The clock is ticking and there is lot to do. We have made very little progress in the issue and as of now I have not been able to focus much on it as the priority of the day is scarcity in the district.How will the land for Kumbh issue be resolved?It is ultimately the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) that has to request us what it wants-to acquire land or requisite land for temporary usage. NMC's decision is a must. Land can either be permanently acquired to be put to some good use or can be temporarily requisitioned using the Requisition Act and then freed. We will not provide funds. NMC has to demand funds from the state government, which will decide and plan things.What will be the toughest task at the Kumbh Mela?Land for the event and crowd management. There was a stampede during the last Kumbh... It was the failure of crowd management that caused the stampede. This time, we are in consultation with various agencies-including the police and the civic body--to find ways to decongest that zone. It was a disaster and it may occur anywhere. Hence, we will not take chances and trying to identify vulnerable spots to ensure law &amp; order and safety &amp; security of pilgrims landing in the holy city of Nashik. We have learned a lesson the hard way.The integrated master plan for the Kumbh has been delayed and it will have a cascading effect on preparations. How soon will it be worked out?It has been delayed for various reasons-be it the model code of conduct in force for the series of elections from municipal councils to the legislative council (teachers' constituency), Nashik division. The plan for the Kumbh Mela is likely to be delayed, given that (consultants) Ernst and Young (E&Y;)-finalized for preparing an integrated master plan for Kumbh Mela-will take at least 28 weeks to finalize it after an agreement is inked. Thereafter, it will take four more weeks to finalize the integrated plan for Greater Nashik.To what extent will this affect preparations?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15100166", "title": "Cantonment railway station wallows in filth", "text": "VARANASI: The railway authorities seem to have no interest in keeping the Cantonment railway station in proper order despite knowing the fact that large number of devotees and tourists come to the holy city daily.Turning a blind eye towards the problems being faced by the passengers due to waterlogging, levelling of surface as part of the ongoing renovation and improper cleanliness arrangements, the railway authorities casually claim that the problems are because of the huge gathering of non-genuine persons.Passengers could be seen struggling to get a place even to stand properly while waiting for the trains on platform six and seven due to delay in removal of debris and dumping of concrete slabs being laid on the platforms as a part of renovation work which started three months back.The slow pace of vacuum dewatering work is the most alarming problem faced by them. Heavy concrete slabs which are to be laid on the surface in order to make it strong, are placed just below the staircase of the platform, causing injuries to passengers. The concrete debris extracted from the platform surface is also lying scattered, leaving no space for passengers. Manoj Singh, a traveller, said: \"We have to wait on the overbridge with our luggage, we cannot sit here on the heap of concrete.\"A tea vendor said: \"Condition becomes worse when a train arrives. People who deboard the train are not aware of the concrete lying on platforms they often hurt themselves.\"Assistant divisional engineer Rakesh Kumar said the work is being delayed because of unavailability of concrete. As soon as the supply of concrete will be sufficient, the work will be completed. \"The surface dewatering work has already been done on platform number four and five. Afterwards, we will shift towards platform number two and three,\" he added.During the ongoing month of Shrawan, lakhs of devotees, tourists and Kanwariyas visit the city. Cantonment railway station is least prepared to handle the huge rush of passengers. There are insufficient number of benches at the platforms and passengers have to make their own arrangements.\"There is no shortage of benches on the platforms. Out of total strength at railway platforms, nearly 25 per cent are the real passengers and others unwanted elements. We try to keep a check on them,\" station manager A K Pandey said. \"No special preparations have been made in view of Shrawan month. Maintaining cleanliness at the station is a routine work which is being performed regularly,\" he clarified.A cursory glance at the platforms belies Pandey's claims.There are around 111 cleaning staffers engaged in cleanliness task at the station. Pandey said: \"After struggling to control waterlogging, our focus is on cleanliness and sanitation. Officers visit to monitor the work regularly. Cooperation from passengers is needed to maintain cleanliness.\"\"This railway station shows you the index of the entire city which is gripped by unmanaged construction work and careless attitude towards cleanliness,\" Dev Chand, a passenger on way to Allahabad, said.\"I had heard that there is garbage lying everywhere in Varanasi and when I deboarded the train, I was introduced with the manners of the city at platform itself, full of waterlogging, garbage and clutter,\" Luca, a French tourist said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "15098525", "title": "Fired workers, friend did not kill Woodland DGM: Police", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The Ghaziabad police are still clueless about the murder of Woodland's deputy general manager, Nitin Sharma. In a dramatic U-turn on Sunday, police ruled out that the sacked employees or the deceased's school friend, who lives in Rohtak after marriage, could have been involved in the murder.Cops now say that professional killers were hired to murder Sharma, and as the sacked employees belong to financially weaker sections they would not have been able to afford hiring the criminals.The police are now waiting for the wife of the deceased to return from Gwalior so that they can go through Sharma's laptop to spot some clues.\"On the day of the murder, we could not question the deceased's family properly. Also, on the same night they left for Gwalior. The laptop was locked in the house by the deceased's wife after which she left to perform her husband's last rites,\" said a senior police officer.Senior police officers say it was a well-planned murder and the killers must have recced Sharma's and his family routine. Eyewitnesses told the investigators that the criminals were very calm while shooting him and it was not done in the heat of the moment. \"We are also zeroing in on some local history sheeters and bad characters of the area,\" said a senior police officer. So far, the police have questioned around 30 people.Ghaziabad police officers questioned Sharma's school friend, who got married in Rohtak in Haryana, for hours on Sunday but failed to get anything that could point towards his killers. The woman had come under suspicion as she and Nitin used to talk for hours regularly. Even on the day of the murder, mobile call details showed that they had talked in the morning.The police on Saturday had detained six ex-employees of Woodland outlets in Opulant Mall in Ghaziabad and Kohat Enclave in Delhi. \"We questioned all six for hours, but failed to get any clues,\" said SO of Indirapuram, Gorakhnath Yadav.\"They are all poor people and we rule out their involvement into the murder,\" said SP (City) SS Yadav.Nitin Sharma, the DGM (Retail) of Woodland, was shot dead by two unidentified armed assailants outside his residence in Shakti Khand-IV in Indirapuram on Friday morning when he returned to his residence after dropping his two daughters at school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104192", "title": "Arjun Kapoor prepares for Aurangzeb", "text": "While he has been chosen to play the lead in 2 States, Arjun Kapoor is busy getting ready for Aurangzeb.Apparently, the role requires him to be fit to the T and all the baby fat and flab needs to be done away with. In fact a special team of trainers has been summouned from London to tone Arjun Kapoor's body and looks. A source said, \"Arjun Kapoor has his own trainers who have worked out a daily fitness schedule for him.But for Aurangzeb fitness trainers from the UK have been flown down especially for the film. The trainers along with Arjun are regular at the Yash Raj Films studio gym where Arjun has been receiving some intense training. The tall and hefty trainers have Arjun impressed and he is enjoying the experience of learning from them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15106290", "title": "Monday blues may actually be social jet lag", "text": "If you struggle to get out of bed on Monday mornings, you may be suffering from social jet lag, scientists say .According to them, sleeping in at the weekend can leave us too tired for the start of the working week, with many remaining groggy until Wednesday.The immediate effects include poorer memory and reaction times, which would explain that familiar Monday morning feeling of sluggishness.Research has shown that over time, repeated changes in sleep patterns can also make you fatter and more likely to turn to cigarettes and caffeine.\"The weekend sleep in is just the process by which people shift their clocks later - it wouldn't be a problem except for that rude awakening on monday morning when all of a sudden we need to shift earlier,\" the Daily Mail quoted lead researcher Helen Burgess as saying.The phrase 'social jet-lag' was coined by German researcher Till Roenneberg who has shown that the phenomenon can take a hefty toll on health, by raising the odds of drinking, smoking and relying on caffeinated drinks.While travel-induced jet lag is something most of us only endure occasionally, social jet-lag can make itself felt every week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "baghdad", "code": "15105644", "title": "93 killed in Iraq's deadliest day this year", "text": "BAGHDAD: An onslaught of bombings and shootings killed 93 people across Iraq on Monday, officials said, in the nation's deadliest day so far this year.The attacks come days after the leader of al-Qaida in Iraq declared a new offensive and warned in a statement that the militant group is reorganising in areas from which it retreated before US troops left the country last December.Al-Qaida has been seeking to re-assert its might in the security vacuum left by the departing Americans, seizing on Baghdad's fragmented government and the surge of Sunni rebels in neighbouring Syria to sow instability across Iraq.US and Iraqi officials insist that the terror network's Iraqi wing, known as the Islamic State of Iraq, is nowhere as strong as it was when the nation threatened to fall into civil war between 2006 and 2008, and the Iraqi government is better established.Still, the huge death toll on Monday and an almost-daily drumbeat of killings last month show al-Qaida remains fully capable of creating chaos in the foreseeable future.The violence in 13 Iraqi cities and towns appeared coordinated: The blasts all took place within a few hours of each other. They struck mostly at security forces and government offices -- two of al-Qaida's favourite targets in Iraq.\"It was a thunderous explosion,\" said Mohammed Munim, 35, who was working at an interior ministry office that issues government ID cards to residents in Baghdad's Shiite Sadr City neighborhood when a car exploded outside. Sixteen people were killed in the single attack.\"The only thing I remember was the smoke and fire, which was everywhere, said Munim from his bed in the emergency room at Sadr City hospital. He was hit by shrapnel in his neck and back.The worst attack happened in the town of Taji, about 20 kilometers (12 miles) north of the capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15098366", "title": "Toll from rain havoc in Andhra Pradesh rises to 13", "text": "HYDERABAD: The toll from Friday's torrential downpour rose to 13 on Sunday even as the Met department predicted moderate to heavy rains in several places in coastal Andhra and Telangana regions till July 24 along with a forecast for light to moderate rain in a few places in Rayalaseema. On Saturday, nine persons in the city were killed in mishaps caused by the torrential showers.A brother-sister duo, both below 14 years of age, was washed away in a stream at Gopalapuram near Anakapalli in Visakhapatnam district.Ratnam and Srinu, children of a farm labourer, had ventured into the stream with their cattle but were washed away in the heavy current. A search is on for the missing children.Earlier, police recovered the bodies of two persons who were washed away in flash floods in Aluru mandal in Kurnool district. The deceased, who were travelling in separate vehicles, were swept away along with their vehicles on Saturday night while crossing a bridge on the Aluru-Guntakal road.Their bodies were recovered around 3km from the Kallevagu stream on Sunday.Aluru, Adoni, Yemmiganur, Mantralayam and Pedakadubur received 100mm rain on Saturday.Meanwhile, 2,000 acres of paddy fields were inundated following a breach in the Vamsadhara right canal at Ampolu in Srikakulam district's Gara mandal on Sunday.According to officials, it was the swollen Vamsadhara river which had gathered water in its catchment areas in Odisha which caused the breach.Twelve villages in Adilabad district were cut off from the outside world after the Peddavagu overflowed at Krishnapalli in Bejjur mandal. Traffic movement to 20 villages in Khammam district was also hit as Teliperu reservoir received heavy rainfall.Fifteen sluice gates had to be opened to let out excess water. Several villages in Bhadrachalam division, too, were cut off what with Mallanavagu, Murredu, Tativagu and Pamuleruvagu rivers being in spate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "vizianagaram", "code": "15098274", "title": "Ragging: Girl\u2019s vocal cord damaged", "text": "VIZIANAGARAM: In a fallout of an alleged ragging incident, an Intermediate first-year student studying in a private college in Gotlam village, five km from Vizianagaram town, was hospitalized following severe damage to her vocal cord. The incident came to light after the victim, Boni Shamili, was admitted in ENT hospital in Visakhapatnam on Sunday. Her father lodged a complaint with the police.The alleged ragging took place at the hostel of Gayatri Junior College at Gotlam in Bondapalli mandal on July 19. Shamili, who had taken admission last month, said she was ragged by a group of girls when she was alone in her hostel room on the night of July 19. In her written complaint to police, the 17-year-old student said she was attacked when her roommates had gone for dinner. There was power shutdown in the hostel at that time.\"They tried to throttle me with a rope. They also scratched my neck with a hair clip,\" she said. The injury marks were visible on her throat. Shamili was too shocked to speak when her roommates returned. When she could not regain her voice for the next two days, her family took her to Visakhapatnam hospital on Sunday. Boni Venkata Ramana said his daughter was being harassed by her hostel mates for the past 10 days but the college management had remained deaf to her complaints. \"When my daughter complained about the harassment, the management laughed it off saying that she suffers from illusions of ghosts and demons,\" said Venkata Ramana. He said instead of taking action against the culprits, the college management tried to hush up the matter. \"The warden told the college authorities that Shamili had complained about harassment by demons in the nights,\" sources said.\"She is unable to speak right now. She has been kept under observation for three days. We are hopeful that Shamili would regain her voice,\" Dr Ramakrishna Prasad said. Another doctor said that if the vocal cord was damaged severely, then the girl could lose her speech.Sources said two girls among the 20-member batch in the hostel tried to smother her with a pillow around 7.30 pm on July 19. With no help from the college authorities, she wrote a letter to her parents about her plight. Her twin brother is also studying in Intermediate first year in the college and stays in the boys' hostel.The college management is tightlipped over the incident. The girl's father works as a technician in the railways in Rayagada, Odisha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15098794", "title": "Body scare for Nagpur cops", "text": "NAGPUR: Seeing bodies, both mutilated and decomposed, may be part of a policeman's everyday job. The casualness with which they do it may scare and even shock civilians. But when bodies are brought by agitating mobs to police stations, the same cops are scurrying to find a place to hide.In Nagpur, the righteous people have many a tool to launch their protests. Apart from dharna, morcha, demonstration, strikes or hartals, rasta rokos and public interest litigation in courts, bringing bodies to police stations is a strong way to force the cops to take some action. Demanding stringent action against culprits or to register offence, Nagpurians find bringing bodies to police station the most effective way to make the cops stir into action.Cops got another lesson in tackling public pressure recently when relatives of 65-year-old Jaitullah Dongre brought his body to the police station. Despite being throttled to death, an experienced sub-inspector for reasons best known to him had registered the case as accidental death. Even a close kin of Dongre, who is a senior head constable, could not convince the officer. On the contrary, officers were heard saying how murder can be registered only after post-mortem report arrives. With great reluctance, it was only later in the day that the police registered the case as murder.In the second week of July, relatives of Shaikh Jalil also mounted pressure on the cops by bringing his body to Gittikhadan police station. Jalil had allegedly committed suicide to avoid being caught by police. The police had registered an offence of attempt to suicide against him but Jalil's kin wanted police to be booked for murder along with a builder. Though the police gave their colleagues a clean chit in the case, they were forced to take the builder into custody in order to pacify Jalil's kin.In November last year, there was much chaos at the Pachpaoli police station when hundreds of protesters reached the place with the body of 10-year-old Amisha Wakde. They wanted the immediate arrest of the teacher and school secretary for the suicide of the student. There was more drama outside the police station when Amisha's mother collapsed and protesters too got caned.Commenting on the trend, a constable from Immambada police station said that it has become a routine for them to tackle such mobs bringing bodies to police station. \"Our police station falls on the route to the Mokshadham ghat. The aggrieved kin often make it a point to stop at our police station and create a scene before proceeding to perform the last rites,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15098239", "title": "3 power plants out of order, dark night rises in Gurgaon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Residents across Haryana will continue to face long power outages as electricity generation in its three power generation units has been badly hit. Residents in Gurgaon too may have a harrowing time Monday onwards. While the thermal plants in Panipat and Hisar have developed technical snags, non-availability of coal has brought the Jharli power plant in Jhajjar to a standstill.The three power generation units produce over 600 lakh units together daily. Haryana already has a demand and supply gap of 200 lakh units which doesn't include 30% line losses. With the three units now not functioning, the gap is expected to go up to 800 lakh units.According to an official, Haryana has been supplying 1100 lakh units and the demand goes up to 1400 lakh units during peak hours. As a result, the demand and supply gap is expected to increase on Monday when offices, institutions and industries would re-open, said a power department official.Information accessed by TOI revealed that on Sunday afternoon the total power production by the Haryana Power Generation Corporation Limited (HPGCL) had come down from routine production of 3,000MW (800 lakh units) to 1,063 MW (approximately 300 lakh units).HPGCL managing director Anurag Aggarwal confirmed breakdown at the power plants in Panipat and Hisar, and shutdown of the Jhajjar plant. Aggarwal, however, insisted that plants would get functional only by Tuesday morning.\"Technical snags are not in our control. It's a coincidence that all the three units of the thermal plant at Panipat and Unit 2 of the plant at Hisar had a breakdown within six hours on Saturday,\" said Aggarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15103139", "title": "Biometric RC books to replace conventional ones at state RTOs", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The next time you go to Ahmedabad RTO, you won't have to carry the traditional vehicle registration book, known as RC book, for the transaction. All the books will soon be digitized by the year-end, said road and transport department of the state government.The pilot project will kick off from Ahmedabad in August. Talking about the initiative, JM Bhatt, RTO, Ahmedabad, said that everyday more than 1200 vehicles get registered in Ahmedabad alone.\"All these new vehicles will be issued a biometric RC book on lines of smart card for the driving license. It will not only ease the transactions with the digital reading for administration, it will also be easier for the vehicle owners to carry it with them. For the existing RC book owners, the books will be called phase-wise and be replaced with cards,\" he said.The RC books are used for a number of purposes including getting or renewing insurance of the vehicle, vehicle sales or transfer or to claim the vehicle in occasions of theft or robbery. RTO officials also stated that a special department is to be established to deal with the digital RC books including issue and replacement. The reader machines and printing equipments have been procured.\"Training of the personnel is underway. As we have already digitized or computerized most of the systems including registration of the vehicles and issue of smart cards, it would not be a major issue,\" said Bhatt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15099802", "title": "She gets her hands dirty and shows the way", "text": "BANGALORE: Those who turn up their noses at garbage heaps in their neighbourhood should meet Veena Rajappa, 38. General manager of MindTree, Veena has not only thrown open a part of her house for waste segregation but also devotes prime time during weekends for waste management in her neighbourhood of Rajarajeshwari Nagar.Veena's efforts have got residents of 500 houses in her neighbourhood to segregate waste at source every day. The result is huge: the daily waste burden is reduced by two tonnes. Mavallipura, where the dumping of garbage has sparked off civic outrage, can breathe that much more easy.\"It is not only my effort. My neighbours have contributed too. I've visited all 500 houses in my locality and explained to residents the necessity of garbage management. Unless we, the educated citizens, start segregating waste at source, and give paper and plastic waste for recycling, issues like the Mavallipura dumpyard will remain,\" says a modest Veena.Veena's hectic work schedule has not dimmed her enthusiasm for the weekend grind. She began collecting dry waste, largely recyclable plastic and paper, from 250 households in her locality on February 12, 2012. Faced with a lack of space to store dry waste, she turned a room in her backyard into a storehouse. Once a week, the collected recyclable waste is cleared by ITC Limited for further recycling. The company has distributed bags to every household to store dry waste, and pays for the waste it purchases. About Rs 2,500 is paid to the pourakarmika every month.\"My work has become easier. My pushcart is not dirty with all kinds of waste,\" says Lakshmi, the pourakarmika.Veena's endeavour received a lot of support from her employer MindTree, under its 'Green Community' initiative. Her efforts even moved the BBMP, which has now provided Rajarajeshwari Nagar a shed to store dry waste.Rajarajeshwari Nagar residents admit there is sea change in their area. \"As we segregate waste on a daily basis, the quantity of waste from this area has come down. The locality looks clean as the pourakarmika visits every day. The mosquito menace has come down,\" said Uma J, a resident who religiously segregates waste in her house.Rajarajeshwari Nagar corporator GH Ramachandra also helped streamline the process and got a shed to store dry waste. \"He put us on to solid waste management experts and BBMP engineers,\" Veena recalled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104459", "title": "Raghav ready with 'Ishq ki Subah'", "text": "Raghav Sachar, known for his brilliant music sense and magnificent voice is perhaps the any musician who can play 33 instruments.After the success of his music in the film \" Bittoo Boss \" Raghav is yet again doing what he is best at, launching a new album called \"Ishq ki Subah\". A romantic album, which is not just soothing but even shot beautifully. The album has as Raghav says, \"some of my most favourite \"feel good\" tracks.\" Raghav is overwhelmed and says that \"I really enjoyed composing this song and more than that I enjoyed shooting it in the beautiful locations of Switzerland with the ravishing model Pooja Sehgal\". The song was actually conceived in a radio station where he was waiting with guitar in hand for the RJ to start recording his interview.At that time the monsoons season had stepped in and the weather was very romantic and fresh. He just started strumming the guitar and composed the chorus there and then. Later that day he called his friend Aditya Dhar and requested him to pen down the lyrics as he imagined them in his head. And viola, they had a master piece in hand! The freshness of the song depicts Raghav and how he always likes the concept of \"breath of fresh air\" which changes the entire perspective of life. The shadow less light of Switzerland fitted the song's positive feels like a glove and lets his imagination go wild while shooting it. The song has been released on his own music label \"Raghav Sachar Music\" and is available in stores now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15099001", "title": "Govt teacher held for beating up children with belt", "text": "JAIPUR: A government teacher was arrested on Sunday for beating up some children, aged between 8 and 12 years, with belts for playing near the school and making noise in Sirohi town. Family members of the children alleged that the teacher confined them in a classroom of the school and inflicted several injuries on their bodies.According to the police, the incident took place at a government school near Jhupagarh locality in Kotwali police station area of Sirohi on Saturday.\"Five children - Aman, Aftab, Irshad, Avesh Khan and Mohammed Juneid - were playing near the school. These children are not students of the school; however, used the school's playground for bicycling and playing cricket,\" SHO Kotwali Banwari Dayal said.He said 40-year-old Harish Kumar was taking a class when he heard noises being made by the children playing outside. \"Out of anger, he rushed outside and forced the children into an empty classroom. Then he used a belt to beat them up,\" the officer said. He added that Harish hit them repeatedly causing injuries.\"When the children went home, their parents saw the injury marks. When enquired, the children told their parents that they were beaten by Harish. The family members then came to the police station and lodged an FIR,\" Dayal said.Police immediately conducted a medical examination of the children and confirmed that there were injuries caused by a belt. \"We arrested the teacher on Sunday and booked him under sections 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 341 (wrongful restraint) of the IPC,\" the officer said. During interrogation, the teacher told the police that the children were disturbing the other students, he added.Senior education department officers rushed to the police station when they came to know about the incident. \"We have ordered an enquiry into the incident. Action will be taken against the teacher if he is found guilty,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104343", "title": "Rana to act with Ajith?", "text": "If the rumour mills are to be believed, then Tollywood hottie Rana Daggubati will be seen with Thala Ajith soon.Apparently, the story is that he has also been signed on for an important in the Vishnuvardhan film. The Vishnuvardhan film currently stars Ajith, Nayanthara, Arya and Taapsee. Rana would be the latest addition to the cast. Sources state that Vishnu met Rana and narrated the script and the actor was very impressed with the role. Interestingly, Rana is working with Nayanthara in Krish's next, Krishnam Vande Jagathgurum in Telugu (titled Onkaram in Tamil). Rana has been looking for a good Tamil project to make his debut but is yet to get one as the solo lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15101000", "title": "Panel to review security norms around Badhowal ammunition depot", "text": "LUDHIANA: In a step that could go a long way in solving the problems of villagers, residing around Badhowal area near here, who have been crying foul over curbs on constructions in the area, defense minister A K Antony has assured to set up a committee to look into rationalization of security standards around the ammunition depot in Badhowal, so as to facilitate smooth and hassle-free development in surrounding villages.The assurance came at a meeting Manish Tewari, Parliament member from Ludhiana, had with Antony, in which Tewari emphasized the need for either shifting the Badhowal ammunition depot or \"rationalizing the safety parameters\" around it for facilitating development in surrounding villages, sources said.\"Existence of the ammunition depot has virtually halted development around these villages as no construction is allowed within 1,000 yards from the outer wall of the depot,\" Tewari said. Security parameters needs rationalization according to current day requirements, he added.Apart from Badhowal issue, Tewari also raised issues related to shifting of the firing range in Sidhwan Khurd. \"The defence minister has assured to solve all the issues at the earliest,\" said Tewari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15099711", "title": "Railways withdraws Linke Holfman Bush rake", "text": "PATNA: The Danapur division of East Central Railway (ECR), in a major development, has decided to withdraw LHB ( Linke Holfman Bush) rake of Patna-New Delhi Sampoorna Kranti Express (12393-12394) on regular basis due to various technical reasons. The railways has already replaced the LHB rake with the old conventional rake. It has decided not to run this particular LHB rake for safety reasons.Railways had introduced this LHB rake with much fanfare on July 8. Many problems came to light within one week of its run. Unable to tackle these problems, railways had no option but to withdraw the rake from the train, sources said.According to an ECR official, the rake was introduced this month after it remained lying idle in Danapur railway yard for about six months. The design and structure looked like Rajdhani Express LHB coaches. However, the new rake was different in weight, size and other designs from the Rajdhani Express' rake, he said, adding it was surprising how the commissioner of railway safety (CRS) had given his nod for the use of the rake.Sources said during its weeklong run, it was found that several coaches of the LHB rake could not bear the full load of passengers. Springs and other vital components of the coaches started giving in under pressure, putting a question mark on passengers' safety too, they said.Taking mechanical failure of the rake seriously, Danapur division informed the ECR headquarters about the development and sought replacement of this inferior quality LHB rake with a better one. Divisional railway manager (DRM) L M Jha said the load combination of Sampoorna Kranti Express's LHB rake was of 22 bogies, which included AC-I, AC-2, AC-3, sleeper, general bogies, pantry car and generator car cum luggage vans. Railways had made a trial run of this rake between Patna Junction and Mughalsarai at a speed of 110km per hour under the supervision of commissioner of railway safety (CRS) R P Yadav, he said.According to sources, the Sampoorna Kranti Express with LHB rake was running at 130 kmph between Mughalsarai and New Delhi. The CRS of Northern Railway had given permission to run the train with new combination of LHB coaches, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15099369", "title": "Karunanidhi makes common cause with Jayalalithaa govt on Cauvery issue", "text": "CHENNAI: DMK chief M Karunanidhi on Sunday welcomed the AIADMK government's move to file a petition in the Supreme Court to direct the Centre to convene a meeting of the Cauvery River Water Authority and compel Karnataka to release water.In a statement, Karunanidhi said as per the Cauvery Water Tribunal's award, up to July 20 Tamil Nadu should have received 36.15 tmcft of water from Karnataka. But with Mettur dam in Tamil Nadu getting no inflow from Karnataka, water couldn't be released for irrigation in delta districts as per schedule on June 12, he said. Agriculture would be affected in Tamil Nadu, Karunanidhi said and appealed to the Centre to convene a meeting of the Cauvery River Water Authority to discuss the issue at the earliest. The state government had on Saturday moved the Supreme Court seeking a direction to Karnataka to release water to Tamil Nadu.Pointing out that 45% of irrigation in Tamil Nadu was being carried out using Cauvery water, Karunanidhi said the state's agriculture and economy was bound to be affected if water did not reach Tamil Nadu. Recalling chief minister J Jayalalithaa's letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in May urging the Centre to convene a meeting of the Cauvery River Authority to discuss the issue, he said, \"So far, the Centre has not taken any steps to hold the meeting\".Meanwhile, PMK leader S Ramadoss has urged the state government to declare Tamil Nadu as drought-hit and demanded that the distressed farmers be provided help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15099144", "title": "Man climbs tower to protest against absence of electricity in his village", "text": "LUCKNOW: An interesting scene was enacted at the Charbagh station on Sunday, when a man climbed a mobile tower to press for his demand to supply electricity to his village. The man identified as Mukesh Yadav is a resident of Kanshiram Nagar. The man has 21 criminal cases registered against him.According to the GRP, the man had written to the chief minister saying that he will commit suicide on July 25. But, he advanced his plans, said the police and reached Lucknow on Sunday. At 8.00 am, he climbed the tower and was brought down at around 2.30 pm.He was brought down after senior GRP officers and officers from the district administration reached the spot and pacified the man. However, GRP has registered a case against him. On the basis of what the man told the police, the man had written several letters to the district administration officers requesting them to provide electricity to his village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15106192", "title": "Goa's stray dog campaign covers only urban areas", "text": "PANAJI: The control of stray dog population in the state is carried out in only urban areas with a pact between civic bodies and NGOs, but there is no separate budget allocation for the programme.Complaints have been rife from some coastal villages, which are witnessing a lot of tourism activity and even others in suburban areas, about the menace of stray dogs. Sterilization, immunization and euthanization is being done effectively under the animal birth control rules, as well as action to control nuisance as per the Goa municipalities act 1968 is being taken.Urban development minister, Francis D'Souza informed about the programme for control of stray dogs in a written reply to an unstarred question tabled by Congress MLA Alexio Reginaldo Lourenco, MLA in Goa assembly.Further, a state level committee headed by the secretary (animal husbandry) as the chairman is constituted by the government. This panel monitors the sub committee formed by the corporation of the city of Panaji (CCP) and other municipal councils, to monitor the performance of NGOs entrusted the work of keeping stray dog population under check.\"There is no separate budget allocated for control of stray dogs under the urban development department. However, the government has sanctioned grants for purchase of dog vans etc to the CCP and other councils,\" the minister's reply states. More than Rs 20 lakhs were spent by 14 self governing bodies on the programme, though the period has not been mentioned.A total of 14 NGOs have signed pacts with 13 civic bodies and a corporation (CCP) to pursue the programme. Goa has around 189 villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15102078", "title": "Samvrutha Sunil's first film was shelved?", "text": "Samvrutha Sunil's first film was to be titled Hello and directed by Ranjith but it got shelved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15100911", "title": "'Anantasana\u2019 takes Sonia to greater agility", "text": "LUDHIANA: A latest hit from 'Cocktail' \u2014 a prayer-turned-into-peppy-track \u2014 plays in the background at this Sarabha Naga yoga classroom as Sonia Kochhar deftly balances her back as part of the tricky 'Anantasana' (Lord Vishnu's couch pose). Lying on her back with her head placed on her right hand and her left leg flexed, Sonia \u2014 an industrialist wife to a hosiery maker \u2014 discovers the vicarious pleasure of resting on an imaginary canopy of the Serpent God, SheshNag.\"This asana is called Anantasana. Legend has it that Lord Vishnu once slept while a lotus flower stemming from his navel gave birth to Brahma. The leg in this pose refers to Brahma,\" explains yoga master H S Aulakh, a Padma Shri awardee, to Sonia.'Anantasana', still unknown to most yogaholics, is used when other poses fail to help get rid of pain in abdomen and hamstrings. \"It's a tremendous find for me. I never knew Vishnu's divine bed could be an asana as well. For long, I have been trying to find a way to increase lower body mobility and make legs more agile,\" says a euphoric Sonia.Having been a yoga patron for a decade, she is in for more such discoveries.\"Women... Let me teach you something on unconditional love,\" says Aulakh. He brings a surprise yoga partner for Sonia and immediately starts professing on harmony and love. The two women are then asked to cross their arms, hold each other's hands and twirl them energetically. This one looks more like a muted version of Punjab's vivacious dance 'kikli' that is performed by women in pairs and in which they must rotate swiftly with their feet rooted firmly to the ground.Sonia's full-blown affair with yogaAfter a gruelling yoga session involving the not-so-common pose, 'Anantasana', this industrialist is ready for some bonding on the floor.Her instructor, H S Aulakh, introduces Sonia to a surprise yoga partner, and both the women practice what looks like a toned-down version of Punjab's 'kikli'.After a couple of rounds of the exercise, Sonia exclaims: \"Pretty engaging. So, no folk music behind and raucous screams.\"For a lady who found yoga through her kids, the one-off lesson in a small centre a decade ago has now blossomed into a full-grown love affair. From finding therapeutic benefits to thyroid she contracted two years ago to helping her two sons improve their concentration and memory, she has put herself on a learning curve.In her free time, this post-graduate in economics from Panjab University even writes researched papers on yoga. Often, they end up getting discussed at yoga meetings of scholars and journals.\"There is no end to yoga. You can go on for two, three, four decades and there's still so much to learn and practice,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15100419", "title": "The Bengali bhadralok back in focus", "text": "KOLKATA: When President Pranab Mukherjee takes the salute from the three wings of the armed forces at Raisina Hill, Bengal will celebrate the fruition of a dream cherished since Independence.A son of Bengal has made it to Rashtrapati Bhavan, a decade and a half after another Bengali missed the prime minister's chair by a whisker. President Mukherjee has brought the argumentative Bengali bhadralok back into the national focus.Mukherjee doesn't have an Oxford or a Harvard degree to flaunt, neither is he a glib talker like P Chidambaram. He is not even a mass leader like Mamata Banerjee. But if knowledge is what a person acquires through experience and hard labour, Pranab Mukherjee has it.A peek into his long political career explains how this diminutive dhoti-clad Bengali brahmin made himself indispensable to the Congress party. Mukherjee stepped into parliamentary politics during the heyday of Naxalbari in the late Sixties when the educated Bengali youth rebelled at parliamentary democracy. But that didn't deter him from choosing the parliamentary path.Mukherjee joined the Bangla Congress, a breakaway faction led by Ajoy Mukherjee, and became a Rajya Sabha MP in 1969 when his senior in the party Sushil Dhara declined the offer because his priority was Bengal politics.One of his old associates recalls that Mukherjee's first speech in Parliament was on the abolition of the West Bengal Legislative Council - the assembly upper house.In his long career, Mukherjee worked with people of diverse views and ideologies and became close to some senior communists like Bhupesh Gupta, Kalyani Kumarmangalam, Kalyan Roy and Sunil Sengupta. He practised political pluralism while he was in active politics, which possibly explains why this veteran Congressman got arch rivals - CPM-Trinamool Congress, Nitish Kumar-Lalu Prasad, Mulayam Singh Yadav-Mayawati - to stand by him during the presidential polls.An ardent follower of the Nehruvian model of mixed economy, Pranab Mukherjee caught the notice of the then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi with a speech on bank nationalization. That was the beginning of Mukherjee's growing proximity with Indira, who later elevated him to No 2 in her Cabinet after she made a comeback to Parliament in 1980.However, Mukherjee could not make it to the Lok Sabha that time. He lost in Bolpur and had to return to Kolkata with a heavy heart (it would be more than two decades before he won a Lok Sabha election). Indira, realising his worth as a strategist, got him elected to Rajya Sabha from Gujarat. In those days Pranab was among the few ministers who had a rax phone installed at his Delhi residence to communicate directly with the Prime Minister.Mukherjee's detractors would say that he rose to fame because of his unwavering loyalty to Indira and her son Sanjay Gandhi during the dark days of Emergency from 1975 to 1977. \"It's in public record. The Justice Shah Commission, set up to probe the excesses during Emergency, indicted Pranab Mukherjee and others for putting political opponents such as Colonel Bhavani Singh and Gayatri Devi behind bars,\" a senior BJP leader says.But then, Mukherjee did not try to pass the blame to Indira Gandhi as some of his colleagues did. He owned up and deposed that he would not divulge the details of the action because he was sworn to secrecy while taking oath as minister. Indira must have realised Mukherjee was a man of trust.It is common knowledge that Mukherjee fell out with Rajiv Gandhi after Indira's assassination, floated the Rashtriya Samajwadi Congress and spent five years in splendid isolation (1984 to 1989) till he was re-inducted in Congress and made deputy chairperson of the Planning Commission. Mukherjee tried his best to pursue the Nehruvian model when the young Turks in the Congress were charting out the neo-liberal path.This outstanding parliamentarian and trouble-shooter never looked back. It became a habit for him to sift through files till late in the night, and act as crisis advisor to the UPA government.His trusted friends in Kolkata wonder how Pranab Mukherjee, as President, would manage the affairs of a government aggressively pushing \"neo-liberal reforms\". They are eyeing with interest Mukherjee's inaugural address as President on July 25. \"Will he be able to rise above politics, or will he remain a loyal Congressman? That is the key question. It is significant that the UPA government has made a presidential reference to the controversial 2G spectrum issue. There are many crucial bills in the pipeline as well, and there is, of course, the prospect of a fractured mandate in 2014,\" said a senior Congress leader in Kolkata. His colleagues in the Pradesh Congress believe that Mukherjee won't be a rubber stamp, and neither will he go overboard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15099415", "title": "Coffee with senior officers for dedicated traffic cops", "text": "CHENNAI: The intelligence wing of the city traffic police is discreetly taking note of policemen who go beyond the call of duty to be polite and helpful to motorists and members of the public.Policemen who help senior citizens cross the street or deal with traffic crises even after duty hours will have the privilege of interacting with senior police officers over a cup of coffee.Traffic police officers believe they can get the best out of constables not by being strict with them but by recognising them for good work. Some officers are breaking the rigid rules of hierarchy to invite constables who do a good job for a casual chat and a pat on the back. Constables say the new approach of their seniors has been very encouraging.Chennai city joint commissioner of police (traffic) V A Ravikumar invited six traffic policemen, identified as dedicated and good at their work, for a tete-a-tete. \"Constables rarely interacted with senior police officers in the past,\" a police officer said. \"Dedicated constables are proud that their work is being recognised.\"Chennai city police commissioner J K Tripathy recently formed a special intelligence unit exclusively for the traffic police. Assistant commissioner of police S Murugadoss was assigned as the first head of the traffic intelligence unit.\"The ACP will have a police inspector and 20 policemen in the unit,\" the officer said. Working in mufti, members of the unit will collect information about accidents, traffic problems, malfunctioning signals and errant and good policemen.The joint commissioner of police (traffic) met and commended police head constable S Maheswaran. The head constable has endeared himself to people in Thoraipakkam. \"He helps elderly pedestrians and young students cross busy Rajiv Gandhi Salai,\" a traffic intelligence officer said. \"Most elderly people find it very difficult to cross the road. Maheswaran is genuinely helpful to members of the public.A traffic intelligence policeman, Shajahan, was recently thrashed by a traffic police constable, Sankar, after he filmed the constable taking a bribe from a traffic violator near Saidapet police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15100757", "title": "Maheshkumar Gupta takes charge as DRM, Bhusawal", "text": "NASHIK: Maheshkumar Gupta of the Indian Railway Engineering Services (1981 batch) has taken over as divisional railway manager (DRM), Bhusawal, replacing Hemant Katiyar.Gupta was executive director, Research Design &amp; Standards Organization (RDSO) of the Indian Railways, before taking over as DRM.Gupta is also a fellow of institutions of P-Way Engineers India. Katiyar is awaiting a new placement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15105753", "title": "Allu Arjun is back", "text": "At a promotional bash for Allu Arjun's upcoming film, the movie's cast and crew came together to have a good time.While the film's leading lady, Ileana, was conspicuous by her absence, Allu Arjun, director Trivikram Srinivas, music director Devi Sri Prasad and producer Allu Aravind were seen bonding with each other and sharing more than a few good laughs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15104954", "title": "SC dismisses plea for CBI probe against Chandrababu Naidu", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday dismissed a plea for a CBI probe into the alleged disproportionate assets owned by Andhra Pradesh former chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu.A bench of justices T S Thakur and Ibrhahim Kalifulla while refusing to interfere with the Andhra Pradesh high court order, however, granted liberty to petitioner Y S Vijayamma, wife of state's late chief minister Y S Rajashekar Reddy, to approach the \"competent court or authority\" with her plea.While acknowledging that the petitioner had the political rivalry with Naidu, presently the leader of opposition in the state's assembly, the apex court, however, made it clear that it was not going into the merits of her allegations.The state high court had earlier dismissed Vijayamma's plea saying it was politically motivated as several similar petitions had been filed earlier against Naidu.The high court earlier, in an interim order, had directed a CBI probe against Naidu, who subsequently approached the Supreme Court arguing it was an ex-parte order passed without hearing him.The apex court on November 23 last year, while declining to interfere with the high court order, however, had asked him to approach the high court to challenge the interim order.The high court subsequently had set aside its order for the CBI probe against Naidu, upon which Vijayamma had filed the present SLP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15099855", "title": "Hrudayalaya plans low-cost hospitals", "text": "MYSORE: Narayana Hrudayalaya Group of Hospitals is planning to build a low-cost 300-bed hospital in Mysore.NH founder chairman Dr Devi Prasad Shetty said on Saturday that their target is to build nearly 30,000-bedded low-cost hospitals in India.Delivering the Foundation Day lecture of SDM Institute of Management Development here, he said the health sector requires competent administrators for better delivery of health care in India.Health sector, in terms of money, is the second largest industry in India after agriculture industry and there are millions of jobs there, he said.They are working with Stanford University to develop a curriculum to educate spouses/relatives of heart patients through a short-duration training. It will help them take care of the patients even if they are discharged in four days after the surgery, Shetty said.Shetty said they have proposed five state governments to start health insurance scheme for heart surgeries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15100487", "title": "H1N1 cases to be referred to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital", "text": "COIMBATORE: In an attempt to ensure that H1N1 patients are given timely treatment and medical aid, the district administration has instructed all private hospitals to immediately refer H1N1 patients to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital.The government hospital has an isolation ward with required facilities to treat such cases. In the two fatal H1N1 cases in Coimbatore, the 75-year-old farmer from Tirupur and 26 year old woman from Nilgiris, were initially undergoing treatment at a private hospital in the city before they were rushed to CMCH.The public health services department is also organising a H1N1 awareness meeting for private hospital representatives and doctors on Monday morning at the Deputy Director of Public Health Services department in Race Course.The department also has in stock 26,000 tamiflu tablets. As many as 5300 medical personnel and support staff involved in H1N1 control measures have been administered the H1N1 preventive vaccine.\"Presently, we have no H1N1 case at our hospital but we are ready to treat any patient with symptoms. Our isolation ward is also kept ready for emergency,\" said P Sivaprakasam, Resident Medical Officer, CMCH.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104711", "title": "Rajjo", "text": "CreditsDirector: Vishwas Patil Cast: Mahesh Manjrekar, Prakash Raj, Jaya Prada, Paras Arora, Tanushree Chakraborty, Dalip Tahil, Swati Chitnis Music: Uttam Singh Cinematographer: Binod Pradhan Banner: Four Pillars International Pvt LtdSynopsisRajjo is a love story between a Muslim nautch girl and a Brahmin boy. Though primarily a love story, it also looks into the issue of the mujra houses that are dying a slow death in today's competitive world of high rises and corruption. There was a time when areas like Mumbai Central and Nagpada were known for kothewallis and their kothas.Mahesh Manjrekar plays the character of Begum, a eunuch, which is testing his acting abilities, while the elaborate make-up and hairdo his patience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15100949", "title": "Three confess to fleeing with gold ornaments", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police have identified the members of women snatchers' gang who were arrested on July 19 from Gill Road.The arrested accused were identified as Bhajno, 40, Gogga, 35, and Rajji, 27.The gang targeted Surjeet Kaur, a resident of Bhai Himmat Singh Nagar, and snatched her gold earrings worth Rs 25,000. Kingpin of the gang Marajo and group's male member Laloo succeeded in fleeing from the spot. Arrested members hail from Shintawala village of Patiala.ASHO, Sadar, Karnail Singh said, \"The arrested gang members confessed to a number of snatchings. They also confessed to snatching gold earning from a woman on Pakhowal Road two months ago. In addition, the gang was involved in another snatching at Cemetery Road last week.\" According to sources in police, members confessed that they targeted three women on July 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15098544", "title": "Std XI, XII syllabi revamped", "text": "PUNE: Introduction of investigative studies pertaining to environmental problems, physical fitness index in physical education, a vast coverage of Maharashtra's past in the history subject are some of the topics introduced in the new syllabus for standard XI and XII. The Maharashtra State Board for Secondary and Higher Secondary Education has brought changes in all subjects across all streams.The syllabus has been changed considering the National Curriculum framework and also the State Curriculum Framework 2010. For standard XI, the syllabus will be applicable from the current academic year while for standard XII, it will be applicable from 2013-14 academic year, said the Board.State board chairman Sarjerao Jadhav said, \"The explosion of knowledge and technology has been reflected in the syllabi. The syllabi are truly need-based and futuristic, fulfilling the requisitions of the stakeholders.\"In pursuance of the existing policy of the state government, a common course in English has been designed for English medium and non-English medium schools. In the English syllabus, the weightage has been reworked and accordingly reading skills (textual and non-textual) will carry 40% marks, grammar 15%, writing skill 25% and oral test will carry 20% marks.Jadhav said a comprehensive questionnaire, covering various issues relevant to the framing of syllabi, was developed. The questionnaire topics included nature of textbooks, contents of the textbooks, teaching-learning process, evaluation process, inclusion of non-scholastic subjects, need to bring quality into education and need to include life skill education. The questionnaire was focused and yet kept open for the public to comment on, he said.\"The responses received were analyzed and the observations were made available for the consideration of the board of studies department of various subjects. Thus, an effort has been made to make the syllabi truly of the people and by the people,\" Jadhav said.The environmental education syllabus is based on the recommendations of the National Focus Group on Habitat and Learning and the National Curriculum Frame work 2005.For standard XI, topics such as environment and health, migration, evolution of technology, various Acts concerning to environment, sustainable development, ecological footprints, science and technology and man-made artefacts have been included. For standard XII, more complex topics of environment such as exosphere ( atmosphere , hydrosphere, lithosphere), ecosystem and biological population, energy and material have been included.Separate text books have been prepared for standard XI and XII. Local specific examples have been included so as to make the book student-friendly. Various factors have been included to make the book and overall study environment activity-based.\"Journal assignments are also included to make the assessment process easy for students and teachers as well. An attempt has been made to make environment education interesting as far as possible and in accordance with the local needs and national needs as well,\" Jadhav said.* Standard XI syllabus applicable from current academic year* Standard XII syllabus applicable from next year* Environment syllabus based on recommendations of the National Focus Group on Habitat and Learning* Common course of English designed for English medium and non-English medium schools* Vast coverage of Maharashtra's history", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "it has been a busy few weeks at pranab's talkatora road residence. with the leader powering ahead in the presidential race, packers have been furiously at work for the big move. mukherjee's most precious possessions", "code": "15100062", "title": "'Durga Puja only in Dad's village home'", "text": "It has been a busy few weeks at Pranab's Talkatora Road residence. With the leader powering ahead in the presidential race, packers have been furiously at work for the big move. Mukherjee's most precious possessions: his books, are likely to move with him.A religious man, albeit in private, he's particular about his daily Puja and the deities he worships will find space in the sprawling palace he'll live in for the next five years. But the family isn't celebrating yet. \"The celebrations will be postponed to July 25. Once he assumes office formally, we will celebrate with a large family gathering,\" Mukherjee's daughter Sharmishtha told a TV channel. \"The past few weeks have been crazy.\" Asked if the Mukherjees' Durga Puja would shift to Rashtrapati Bhavan, Sharmishtha said: \"Not at all. He's going to be the president of secular India.\" The Puja would continue at Mukherjee's ancestral home at Mirati.Asked if her mother, Suvra, would play an active role as first lady, Sharmistha said: \"My mother hasn't been well. I don't know how active she'll be. I don't think her condition will permit her in discharging certain duties... which otherwise she would have gladly done.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15098529", "title": "Marching in medicine but trailing along in technology", "text": "NAGPUR: India may be advancing as a favoured destination for medical tourism, and so is the burden of non-communicable diseases in the country. However, one industry which can make the medical services even more affordable is not being nurtured the way it should be is that of manufacturing the medical equipment indigenously. Sample this: The country is the capital of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases, glucometers and diagnostic tools like ECG machine, patient monitor and stress test systems still have to be imported.This step will not only help reduce the huge import of sophisticated instruments but also bring in more people from foreign countries, benefiting the nation economically, believe people from the medical field. Despite having the necessary technical skills and knowledge, several government policies and practical difficulties discourage companies from venturing into this terrain, which could develop into a multicrore industry.\"Every year, we import material worth Rs25,000 crore. This shows that we have not realized the importance of having manufacturing units in our own country. China, for example, has several incentives for companies which set up manufacturing units, sometimes even legally binding them to have such units on their soil. We are well developed in terms of applied sciences like pharmaceuticals, information technology, biotechnology, mechanical engineering and electronics, which will only help us grow well towards this direction,\" said Dr GSK Velu, founder and managing director of Trivitron Group of Companies.\"If we have local manufacturing of the equipment we need, the cost of medical services could be brought down by 30-35%,\" added Dr Velu, who is also head of manufacturing subcommittee of CII MLED (Medical Equipment Division, CII). He believes that the biggest problem that ails the industry is that medical technology is nobody's child when it comes to formulating rules. Neither the health ministry nor the science and technology ministry has given attention to this field. \"Even today, the industry is governed by the Drugs and Cosmetics Act. If a separate department was to oversee the working of the industry and we take an aggressive initiative towards its development we could have a big industry in the next ten years,\" he said.\"Regardless of medical tourism, there is a need for technology development in the field of medicine. We have the expertise to render the best possible medical care in the world which cannot happen in the absence of a good delivery system. Whether it is placing cardiac stents, giving radiation or performing bariatric surgery, these procedures require specialized equipment. There are terrific doctors and technological competence in India but the absence of technology makes it a huge mismatch,\" believes Dr Sujit Chatterjee, CEO of Dr LH Hiranandani Hospital. The need in India is not in terms of sophistication of equipment but in terms of numbers, he added.Dr Ravindra Karanjekar, CEO of Global Hospitals and chairman of National Board of Quality Promotion, believes that even if small companies were to start manufacturing the equipment quality would be a big question. \"As a doctor, I would not want to take risks with these companies. It would be a different story if big, reputed firms which can be relied on for quality were to enter the business. There is insufficient support of research in the country which does not encourage many big players to enter the field. The government policies, too, are not very industry-friendly,\" he said. There is a need to give some sops to the industry and a due consideration to other difficulties they face, believes Dr Karanjekar. He said that the medical fraternity should bring the issue into public domain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15099677", "title": "We'll waive farm loans if we win, H D Kumaraswamy says", "text": "BANGALORE: The BJP and the Congress may be grappling with internal rumblings, but the party with new-found swagger is the JD(S). State president H D Kumaraswamy believes the time has come for regional parties to make a mark. Ruling out any tie-up with the BJP in future, he says he looks to \"common sense\" for guidance. Excerpts from an interview:Why this sudden surge towards the minorities?Muslims are the deciding factor in 80 to 90 of the 224 assembly constituencies. My party plans to field 20-25 Muslims, especially the young, in the next elections. Our party has done so much for them. The 4% reservation for Muslims in education and employment in Karnataka was given during H D Deve Gowda's tenure as CM and later, as CM, I extended the Ganga-Kalyana (funding for dried-up wells) scheme meant for the SC/STs to them too.Despite this, won't the exit of an Iqbal Ansari or Abdul Azeem send wrong signals?There's nothing new about that. We had C M Ibrahim, R Roshan Baig and Qamarul Islam leaving the party in the past, but it has survived. Remember, we made Ibrahim the civil aviation minister.You seem to be the only party in the election mode?Yes. It won't be a hung assembly this time. The widely-held belief is that my party will get some 40 seats and I'll be the king-maker. I am not content with 50 seats and am silently working towards forming an independent government. I am amidst people, not functioning from Bangalore. We have finalized candidates for 140 constituencies. The urban voters think we are a rural- oriented party and our hold is confined to six or seven districts, but this perception will change. Shortly, my team will inform voters through social networking sites, our contribution to urban development.What will be your immediate priorities if voted to power?Farm loans will be waived and the pension under the social security schemes will be increased to Rs 1,500 per month.How do you see the BJP's prospects? Also, isn't caste politics coming to the fore?The BJP has prepared itself for elections in December. Both former CMs -- B S Yeddyurappa and D V Sadananda Gowda -- want the government to go. Yeddyurappa alone can't lead the Lingayat community nor can Sadananda Gowda, the Vokkaligas. For a Lingayat farmer, his debts are the primary concern, not caste. Come to think of it, we are all caught in the caste trap,our claims of being secular are falling flat. But this time, caste and money won't play a significant role, other issues will. Money power too won't work.Have you roped in movie stars to draw crowds?I am the crowd-puller, not the actors. I have told party workers that I will cancel my programmes if I have to share the dais with them. What do they know about politics? Look at M H Ambareesh. He has done nothing even as a minister. Persons like J Jayalalithaa and NTR are exceptions.Any plans of aligning with B Sriramulu's BSR (Congress)?His party can make a mark in three or four districts. Any alliance will be considered during or after elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15105624", "title": "Puri Jagannath shelves Idiot 2", "text": "Puri Jagannath said that he has shelved the project \"Idiot 2\" starring mass maharaja Ravi Teja. Addressing a press conference today (July 23) in Hyderabad, the director said that he has dropped the project since he thought that he cannot add any extension to the original lead character.The director recently saw the film in Bangkok and thought that it's difficult to add any masala to the character \"Chanti\" in the film. \"I initially planned to make idiot 2 with Ravi Teja but later changed my mind after reviewing the film once again. I called Ravi Teja and told him that I cannot make Idiot 2 since the original character will lose its credibility and dynamism\", said Puri Jagannath.Puri said that since he cannot make Idiot 2 anymore, he decided to work with Ravi Teja for thid film. \"Since I cannot make the sequel, I decide to work with Ravi Teja for another film - Devudu Chesina Manushulu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15100758", "title": "Party chiefs unaware about Maharashtra Energy Regulatory Commission hearing", "text": "NASHIK: The energy regulator will hold a hearing here over the power distribution company's plea to increase the tariff but political party chiefs are unaware about the details, while activists have failed to organize any awareness programme.The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) has sought a 18% hike, for which the regulator, Maharashtra Energy Regulatory Commission (Merc) will hold the hearing at Niyojan Bhavan.Maharashtra Navnirman Sena state general secretary and legislator Vasant Gite said there was no use registering their say if hearings were being held repeatedly. When it was pointed out that it was once a year that they are held after MSEDCL demanded a hike, he said, \"I am in Mumbai (for the assembly session). I will depute someone to oppose the hike.\"Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) city unit president Laks-hman Savji said they were awaiting invitations from Merc and MSEDCL. When told that it was public hearing, he said he would send someone.Nationalist Congress Party city unit president Sharad Koshire was unaware of the hearing. When reminded that TOI had spoken to him about it on July 8, he said that he would tell a block president to protest.Siddharth Soni of the Veej Grahak Sanghatana also failed to organize any programme to spread awareness. Madhukar Brahmankar, former Nashik Industries Manufacturers' Association president, said organizations failed to raise awareness. Major (retd) P M Bhagat, secretary Akhil Bhartiya Grahak Panchayat, said, he had sent his objections to Merc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15098779", "title": "Caste panchayat strips, thrashes woman, lover", "text": "JAIPUR: A married woman and her paramour were tied to a tree, stripped half-naked and severely beaten up for nearly three hours before a crowd of 1,000 people under orders of a caste panchayat at Sarada area in Udaipur district on Sunday. The two were 'punished' for having illicit relations, said sources.The woman's husband himself stripped the woman and the youth. Later their hair was cut. When a police team tried to intervene, the villagers hurled stones at them, injuring two cops. Acting fearlessly, the panchayat continued to discuss other penalties on the couple till late evening. Later the police rescued them and took them to Sarada police station.Sensing the seriousness of the matter, National Commission for Women chairperson Mamta Sharma said that she would send a team to the village on Monday to look into the incident.According to the police, 27-year-old Prakash Meena had an illicit relationship with a 22-year-old woman living in the neighbourhood. \"She is a distant relative of his. While Prakash works as a labourer in the village, the woman's husband was staying in Ahmedabad for the past few years. The woman has a three-year old daughter,\" said SP, Udaipur, Hari Prasad Sharma.The officer said that Prakash and the woman had fled from the village a fortnight ago. \"The villagers were looking for the couple and they found them near Keshiriyaji area in Udaipur on Saturday evening,\" said the officer.The villagers brought them back and kept them confined throughout the night. \"A panchayat was called on Sunday morning in which the woman's husband and her in-laws were present. They were demanding action against the couple,\" said the officer.The villagers and half-a-dozen panchayat leaders gathered around 9.30 am. Soon, Prakash and woman were tied to a tree.Woman's husband Hamji Meena stripped her and the youth in front of the crowd. They then cut off their hair. The police came to know about the incident about 11.30 am and a team was rushed there.\"When policemen reached there, the villagers surrounded them and started hurling stones. Some vehicles were damaged and at least two policemen sustained minor injuries,\" said an officer.Though the police managed to free the couple they could not take them out from the spot. Later the couple was taken to first a government school around 4 pm and then to the police station.\"We have registered two cases against the woman's husband, about six members of the panchayat and hundreds of villagers for attacking police team and outraging the modesty of the woman,\" said the officer.When asked why the panchayat continued till late evening, SP Sharma said that they were trying to restore law and order. \"We will soon arrest the accused villagers,\" he said.Times View", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15099770", "title": "Sangma wants code of conduct for President polls", "text": "NEW DELHI: NDA candidate P A Sangma, who lost to Pranab Mukherjee on Sunday, said there should be a code of conduct for the election of the country's constitutional head, even as he congratulated the Congress veteran for his victory. He also didn't rule out challenging the election in Supreme Court. \"But I have not taken a final decision. The day after tomorrow we'll meet to take a final decision,\" he said.Accusing the UPA of luring non-UPA ruled states with economic packages, Sangma said the code of conduct for the presidential poll should be on the lines of Lok Sabha and assembly polls.On his charge of \"illegal\" means used in the poll, Sangma said, \"We all know that there have been some threats, be it Mulayam Singh , Mayawati . The process has been partisan and political. Perception is that UPA did not build consensus.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15099025", "title": "Govt now set to hit the gas on reforms", "text": "NEW DELHI: The conclusion of the presidential election and the expected smooth sailing in Vice-President Hamid Ansari's re-election is set to clear the way for some energetic action on the governance front with the PM focusing on some much-needed reforms. Some tough decisions \u2014 including a marginal rise in diesel prices \u2014 are also on the cards.The Congress has its work cut out: it must first placate sulking NCP chief Sharad Pawar, who is upset over alleged slights meted out by the senior partner in Delhi as well as in Maharashtra. The party must then stare down threats by the Samajwadi Party and the Trinamool to block opening FDI in retail while pressing ahead with insurance and pension reform.The tasks seem a tall order and progress might actually be incremental. A change in the finance ministry, with home minister P Chidambaram returning to his original charge, is expected to be accompanied by some changes in portfolios. Rahul Gandhi is expected to assume greater responsibility and his inclusion in the Cabinet with a portfolio like HRD or rural development is not ruled out.There will be a rearrangement of the pecking order in the Cabinet as well. The workload in terms of GoMs is expected to be shared between defence minister A K Antony, Chidambaram and Pawar.The successful presidential poll, however, is a major success for the Congress that has been grappling with rough weather over a slowing economy and trouble from allies. After the result on Sunday, Mukherjee spoke to TMC chief Mamata Banerjee who agreed to come to Delhi for his swearing-in. In an effort to mend fences, Mukherjee is understood to have insisted on Banerjee's presence, saying the ceremony would be incomplete without her.In the final ananysis, Mukherjee defeated Sangma by a margin of 3.97 lakh vote value. The 81 invalid votes included that of SP leader Mulayam Singh Yadav. Sangma got his votes mainly from MPs belonging to the BJP, BJD, SAD and AIADMK. Among MLAs, he got votes mostly from BJP-ruled states.A total of 748 MPs voted on July 19. Of the total votes of MPs, Mukherjee got 527 while Sangma got 206.The icing on the cake for the UPA was the cracks in the NDA, evident in Karnataka and Jharkhand. The Jharkhand Mukti Morcha supported the UPA candidate on expected lines, although two independents voted for Sangma. Congress leaders sought to rub in cross-voting in the opposition ranks while BJP spokesman Ravishankar Prasad admitted that the Karnataka vote did not reflect the party strength. But he added that the opposition tally was a record with BJP joining forces with parties such as Naveen Patnaik's BJD and J Jayalalithaa's AIADMK.There were as many as 15 invalid votes cast by MPs, with nine favouring Mukherjee. These would entail a loss of a significant 6,372 votes for the UPA camp.Overall, there were 81 invalid votes and although Sangma suffered due to cross-voting, his tally exceeded the committed opposition vote value by around 5,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15102740", "title": "Anirudh: Ai dil mere", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15102615", "title": "Family time for Suriya", "text": "Today is Suriya's birthday. And even as his fans are gearing up to donate blood and distribute books, uniforms and dresses for the needy, we hear that the star has chosen to keep the celebration to the minimum.A source close to the actor reveals, \"Suriya will meet his fans and involve himself in the philanthropic activities that they have planned. However, there isn't going to be any big celebration from his side.\"The source reveals, \"Suriya started shooting for Maattrraan with Kajal Aggarwal on July 22 last year, and has been working since then continuously. He has not had a proper break for almost a year now. So, this time around, instead of shooting for any of his films, he will be home with his parents Sivakumar and Lakshmi, wife Jo and kids Diya and Dev. He will later be joined by brother Karthi and wife Ranjini.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15099629", "title": "Bihar Electricity Regulatory Commission to engage consultant for power tariff determination", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar Electricity Regulatory Commission (BERC) has decided to engage a consultant for providing consultancy services to the BERC for analysing and determining annual revenue requirement (ARR) and tariff by the Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) or its successor control board for a period of three years starting from financial year 2013-14.Four major bidder firms, -- ABPS Infrastructural Private Limited, Mumbai, PricewaterHouseCoopers Private Limited, Gurgaon, Medhraj Techno Concept Private Limited, New Delhi, and Meghraj Capital Advisory Private Limited, Mumbai - have already sought certain clarifications from the BERC, which has determined the ARR and tariff on year-to-year basis since 2006-07. The BERC has sent its clarifications to the queries made by the bidding firms.In case the BSEB is reorganized, the ARR would be analysed and the tariff would be determined separately for each company to look into generation, transmission and distribution based on multiyear tariff (MYT) principle for a control period of three years.The consultant will determine voltage-wise cost of supply, taking into account the cost of power purchased and voltage loss level. It would also determine the subsidy for different categories of consumers as per the policy of the state government, said an official.Describing the scope of work for the consultant, an official said it would also verify energy audit results to determine the loss level in different areas/localities and scrutinize and analyse the data used in the tariff petition by the BSEB or its successor entities. This would include verification of the normative consumption of electricity by agricultural consumers and Kutir Jyoti consumers in rural areas as proposed by the BSEB or its entities.The consultant will also assist the BERC in detailed analysis of the tariff petitions and evaluation of ARR determination and tariff setting on MYT principle in accordance with the BERC (terms and condition for determination of tariff) Regulations, 2007.The evaluation of technical bid will be done by an evaluation committee constituted by the BERC, taking into account of the criteria fixed by the commission. Each criterion would be marked on a scale of 1 to 100 and the marks for each criterion would be weighted and added to arrive at an average technical score, said an official. The last date for the bidders to submit their proposals is July 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15098900", "title": "Want to tally your auto fare? Help is just download away", "text": "MUMBAI: A cellphone app that works like a rickshaw or taxi meter has come out. Meant for Android phones, the app, called Auto Taxi Meter &amp; Card, is free and can be downloaded from Google Play Store.Developed by Smart Shehar, a mobile downloads firm, the app works using GPS. \"We are not making any profit out of it,\" said Chetan Temkar of the firm. \"Since meter tampering is rampant in Mumbai's suburbs, we are offering the technology to every harried commuter free of cost. It is a public service and I hope errant drivers are caught red-handed with the help of our app.\"Transport expert Ashok Datar has written to transport commissioner V N More, asking him to organize public demos of the app by RTO officials. \"The tool will in effect tell a commuter if the meter of the auto or taxi hired by him or her is tampered,\" Datar said. \"In case there is a sizeable difference between the fare shown by the vehicle's meter and that arrived at by the app, the commuter will be confidently able to take up the issue with the driver and even lodge a complaint with the RTO or the traffic police.\"The parallel e-meter concept (meter apps) is a great boon for commuters. We no longer have to depend completely on the meter fitted by auto or taxi drivers.\"The latest app is easy to use. After you start the cellphone e-meter at the beginning of your journey, it keeps showing the distance covered and what the correct meter reading should be.\"The app computes the distance covered on the basis of geographical coordinates of starting and finishing points obtained through GPS. Thus, at the end of journey, the cellphone e-meter shows the exact distance in km, waiting time (if any) and the fare as per the latest RTO-approved tariff card. The app will automatically update tariff cards depending on fare hikes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104479", "title": "Prakash Raj shoots in Mysore", "text": "Prakash's Raj's Gauravam will see the launch of Allu Sirish and Yami Gautam in Tamil. The movie is currently being shot in Mysore and is in full swing. The movie is being shot in Mysore as it is set in a village and Yami plays a young village belle. It is being directed by Radha Mohan who has numerous hits to his credit. Apparently the unit traveled by train from Chennai to0 Mysore. And Prakash Raj tweeted, \" Gauravam ,end of 1st schedule. Now on a train back to Chennai with the team. Journey is fun. Quality time.\" Prakash Raj is known to make movies with a message and which are also a commercial success. The previous movies he has produced like Abhiyum Naanum have been a resounding success and critically acclaimed also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15100756", "title": "Gutka and paan masala worth Rs 4.25L seized", "text": "NASHIK: The food and drugs administration (FDA), Nashik, confiscated gukta and paan masala sachets and packets worth Rs 4.25 lakh from various parts of the division after the Maharashtra government recently announced a ban.FDA joint commissioner, Nashik, Chandrkant Pawar said, \"Ever since the ban from July 19, our department has conducted 146 raids in the district and division till Sunday evening. Gutka and paan masala was recovered from 34 places.\"A team of 35 officials has been formed by the FDA to ensure the ban is total.While the officials will work in various parts of the division-comprising five districts--awareness drives will be held in schools and colleges.Regarding action against those found selling gutka and paan masala, Pawar said under Section 59 of the Food Safety and Standards Act 2006, the person can face a year's imprisonment and fine up to Rs 2 lakh.Pawar said apart from action against sellers, his department has decided to organize seminars in schools and colleges and rallies to spread awareness on the ill-effects of gutka.On whether 35 officials were sufficient to ensure the ban successfully, Pawar said apart from paan stalls, wholesalers of gutka and paan masala will be under the scanner to ensure a complete ban.He said various drives and initiatives will be undertaken regularly to see the ban is successful. Non-governmental organizations will be included in the awareness drives, while help will also be sought from the police and RTO.On Saturday when minister of state for home and food &amp; drugs administration Satej Patil was in Nashik, the FDA burned sachets of confiscated gutka and paan masala worth Rs 20,000 at a programme at the New English School, Ozar, Niphad. Pawar said students were administered an oath about not consuming gutka and paan masala and even not permitting others consume it.A bonfire of gutka sachets at New English School, Ozar, on Saturday in the presence of minister of state for home and food &amp; drugs administration Satej Patil and FDA joint commissioner, Nashik, Chandrakant Pawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15099730", "title": "Good rainfall likely in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: Showers on Sunday morning rekindled hopes of rainfall in Bhopal. The low-pressure area active over east Madhya Pradesh covered central parts of state and is likely to advance in northern and western regions, including Bhopal, Indore and Gwalior divisions.The officials of the meteorological department, Bhopal circle, say there is a possibility of good rainfall in almost all major parts of the state. If the system remains active for a few days it will make up for the rain deficit of the monsoon, the officials added.A large number of people thronged the outskirts of Bhopal, including the Kaliasot and Kerwa area. They also visited places like Halali dam and enjoyed the week-end.Several places coming under the east and central parts of state, including Jabalpur, Narsinghpur, Naogaon (Chattarpur), Tikamgarh, Hoshangabad and Betul received good downpour on Sunday.Following rains, the day temperature also went down by a few notches at many places. The maximum and minimum temperatures in four main cities- Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 35.0 and 23.5 degrees Celsius C.Bhopal recorded a maximum temperature of 29.3 (-1) degrees against a minimum of 24.0 (+1) degrees. The maximum temperature in Indore was recorded at 27.8 (-1) degrees and minimum at 23.5 (+1) degrees C.Gwalior recorded a maximum temperature of 35.0 (+2) degrees and minimum temperature there remained at 27.8 (+2) degrees C. The maximum and minimum temperature in Jabalpur was recorded at 31.7 (+2) and 24.4 (00) degree Celsius respectively.Heavy rains at few places in east MP and rainfall and thundershowers at rest of the state, including Bhopal are expected on Monday, weatherman says.Rainfall on Sunday (in mm)Bhopal-11.3Jabalpur- 22.4Narsinghpur-54Naogaon-57.5Tikamgarh-52Hoshangabad-35.4Betul-40.4", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15104751", "title": "Mallika Sherawat on a Parisian holiday with Banderas", "text": "Grooving with Antonio Banderas in billionaire Paul Allen's yacht or hitting the clubs and coffee shops at Cannes with the actor may have been just a 'friendly gesture' on Mallika Sherawat's part. However, a picture of them dancing, which surfaced online, has reportedly caused cracks in Banderas' 15-yearlong marriage to Melanie Griffith .Seemingly oblivious to her dirty dancing making it to the headlines, Mallika is now planning a vacation with Banderas. We found out that the actress, busy shooting for Kismat Luv Paisa Dilli at the moment, will be off to Paris on August 7 to meet the Hollywood actor.After a report of Banderas and Griffith's marriage troubles surfaced in the local media, Mallika, who is currently in Mumbai, tweeted in disbelief. 'Really?!' wrote the actress attaching a picture of the report with it. Needless to say, she remained unavailable when contacted.A close friend of Mallika, however called us up soon after. \"Let me be very clear about the facts. On date, Mallika and Antonio are indeed very close,\" the friend stated. \"In fact, after getting to know each other in Cannes, they have stayed in touch,\" said the friend and added \"Very much,\" as a qualifier.Confirming Mallika's visit to Paris, the friend told us, \"Antonio has invited her over. She is leaving on August 7. In fact, he is very keen to work in a film with her.\" But that, obviously isn't the focus right now.\"Right now, she is going to Paris simply because Antonio has invited her. And nobody knows how many days she plans to stay over,\" added the friend. Well, she surely won't wear out her welcome too soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15099580", "title": "Railways' plan to lease out land hangs fire", "text": "PATNA: An ambitious project of the railways to lease out its vacant land to private firms to build agri-retail infrastructure across the country has been hanging fire. Bihar , an important centre of agricultural production, has been in the ambit of proposed agri-retail infrastructure development plan of the railways. However, delay in executing the project has disappointed businessmen and traders in Bihar.According to a Railway Board official, railways has already worked out details to lease out about 4,300 hectares to retailers and logistics companies for building agri-retail infrastructure. This decision was taken to give a boost to agricultural production in the country as well as to augment railways' revenue, he said.The official said under the plan, the vacant railway land would be given to interested firms on lease for a period of up to 10 to 15 years. Railways may renew the lease depending on performance and revenue earning viability for railways, he said, adding railways has about 4.23 lakh hectare of surplus land across the country.According to sources, railways had held discussions with reputed firms of the country interested in this plan. These firms had shown their inclination to invest in vacant railway land and set up agri-retail outlets to cater to the needs of farmers, sources said, adding railways is yet to execute this plan, particularly in Bihar.Sources said the railways, which carried out a random survey at the country level recently, has shortlisted about 3,000 locations across the country for developing agri-retail outlets. Each zone of railways will be asked again to explore the feasibility of building such outlets for promoting agricultural production in the country. Poor farmers will be the real beneficiaries of this project, sources said.Besides, railways' project to introduce a refrigerated rail link, particularly from the agriculture hub of the country, to transport perishable agri products has also been lying in limbo for want of requisite initiative. Farmers would get an opportunity to market their produce all over the country at good prices if this plan is successfully executed, sources said.India produces about 13% of the world's vegetables and 10% of fruits. Unfortunately, about 25% of the produce gets wasted for want of proper storage. Earlier, railways had introduced refrigerated van service on the Patna-Delhi route to transport perishable products. But it was discontinued as there were virtually no takers for agricultural produce from here, sources said.Meanwhile, a Board official said railways would have to explore the possibility of increasing revenue from other sources, otherwise it would be difficult to survive merely on goods and passenger traffic services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-23"}
