{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15049864", "title": "TMC core panel to protest reforms push", "text": "KOLKATA: Having already spelt out her strategy in opposing certain \"anti-people\" bills lined up in the forthcoming monsoon session of Parliament, chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Thursday went a step ahead and formed a \"core committee\" to \"examine and provide feedback\" to her on other legislations amid fears that the government will push through its reform measures.The effort, the chief minister explained to her party MPs in a meeting at her assembly chamber, is also aimed at preventing a repeat of slippage like the Lokpal and Lokayukta Bills, where the party's stand in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha were different.In the meeting, Banerjee reiterated that the party will speak in one voice and flag its differences on forward trading, FDI entry in multi-brand retail and pension sector reforms. Soaring food and petroleum prices also tops her agenda. Rajya Sabha MPs Mukul Roy, Derek O' Brien and Debabrata Bandopadhyay, along with Kalyan Banerjee, Subrata Bakshi and leader of the party in Lok Sabha Sudip Bandopdahyay, will form this six-member panel, which will report to the CM.The trigger to this is the recent move by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to keep the government's role in acquiring land for private industry, which may lead to a logjam between the allies yet again. For, land acquisition is an issue that Mamata can't just leave to tokenism. It has been a major plank for her making inroads in rural Bengal and she can't let it go. Mamata's role on this issue will be like that of an adversary, even if the Congress manages a majority on the Parliament floor without Trinamool Congress.Left Front chairman Biman Bose termed Trinamool's opposition to the Forward Contract Regulation Act (Amendment) Bill as an 'eyewash'. Bose said, \"We did not hear of any protest from Trinamool Congress when the NDA, of which it was a part, had first discussed it. It also did not oppose when the UPA II government took it up, but it is doing so in Bengal just as we are opposing forward trading.\" Regarding rise in the prices of essential goods and food items, Bose said a 48-hour nationwide agitation would be launched on August 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15050940", "title": "Foreigners leaving adopted dogs on Goa beaches: MLA", "text": "PANAJI: A Goa MLA on Thursday accused foreign tourists of adopting dogs while on holiday in the state and leaving them unattended on the beaches when they depart after three or four months.Calangute BJP MLA Michael Lobo made this accusation while speaking in the assembly during question hour on the menace of stray dogs in Goa. He said this menace is most severe in his constituency and especially on the beaches. Foreigners adopt the dogs and then leave them on the beach, Lobo said adding tourist should be instructed not to do this.Responding to a starred question by Fatorda MLA Vijay Sardesai, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said there is a committee under the secretary of animal husbandry to help monitor the problem of stray dogs. He said local authorities like village panchayats, zilla panchayats and municipalities who should primarily deal with the menace of stray dogs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15050678", "title": "HDMC demolishes seven stalls", "text": "Hubli: Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) demolished seven stalls which were earlier built on footpaths at Gopankoppa road of Sarvodaya circle of Keshwapur in Hubli on Thursday.Speaking to TOI, Zonal Number 6 assistant commissioner, S N Ganachari, said they demolished six authorized and one unauthorized stalls which was constructed on the footpath of Sarvodaya circle of Keshwapur on Thursday morning as per the orders of Dharwad high court circuit bench.Ganachari said the HDMC went to demolish these stalls built on footpaths in 2006. However, the stall owners brought a stay order from court. Now, Dharwad high court circuit bench has given permission to demolish these shops. With help from two JCB machines, demolition work has been completed under the direction of corporation commissioner Y S Patil and with the help of police, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15048731", "title": "Luis Figo sets November date with Goa", "text": "MUMBAI: Given Goa's love for everything Portuguese, the football-obsessed state is in line for a treat when Luis Figo sets foot on the beach-city shores, this November. Part of the Youth Champions League (YCL), a football festival that will see over 250 schools participate, the legendary footballer is being brought down by Red9 Events, who are organising the five-day event from October 29 to November 2.The company managed to rope in the former Real Madrid , Barcelona and Inter Milan star thanks to their association with Football by Carlos Queiroz - the soccer academy run by the current coach of the Iran national team who has, in the past, been at the helm of affairs at the Portuguese national team.\"Considering the YCL is in October-November, the possibility of getting a current football star was out of the question as the season begins in August. We thought getting someone who has only just retired from the game would let youngsters build an easy connect and there are few better than Luis Figo who fit the bill,\" says Vinit Rughani, head, business development of Red9 Events.\"We connected with Figo through his agent and he agreed without much debate,\" adds Rughani.\"Luis is very pleased with the invitation and is looking forward to coming to Goa for YCL. I confirm his availability for the agreed consideration,\" read a statement by an authorised agent of Figo.The Portuguese star is expected to be in Goa on November 1 where he will take part in a game of football that will involve youngsters selected from the event. Figo will be joined by former India skipper, Baichung Bhutia . Fifteen selected participants will be sent for a 15-day training stint at Queiroz's academy in Portugal.Though the event management firm is Mumbai-based, Goa was the best option as far as availability of grounds and logistics were concerned.\"Hosting over 250 teams and getting multiple venues was not possible in a city like Mumbai. Goa was a natural choice,\" says Rughani.The event will be held across six stadiums. There will be a total of 2500 participants from 15 states in the country along with a few international teams. The firm plans to make the festival an annual affair and Rughani says they are already in talks with a very big name for next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15050962", "title": "No staff, GMCH sends back patients", "text": "NAGPUR: The Government Medical College and Hospital has left about 20 serious patients of multi-drug resistant (MDR) tuberculosis to fend for themselves and shut down the special ward for them (No 44) citing staff shortage. The patients were discharged over the last fortnight with the last one being sent home on Thursday.This has serious repercussions for not just patients but also for spread of MDR TB. Multi-drug resistance (MDR) treatment requires close observation. MDR TB medicines have side effects like severe vomiting, kidney and liver dysfunction as well as changes in behaviour. For this, patients require hospitalization for 7-8 days. These patients, if not kept under treatment, also have the potential to spread the MDR TB.However, the chest medicine department at the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) does not have enough staff nurses to keep the ward functional. The situation became so serious that the head of the department Dr SV Ghorpade was forced to shut the ward on Thursday. \"I had informed about the lack of nurses in the ward both to the college dean as well the deputy director of health services through two letters and discussed it with the regional TB centre head Dr M Kamble. TB treatment, being a public health problem, is governed by health department. I have not got any response as yet. I have taken such a drastic step in extreme circumstances,\" Dr Ghorpade said.Dr Ghorpade explained that when MDR patients were put on a new six drug regime they required close observation for checking the effects which could be extreme conditions like liver and kidney failure. The nurses are expected to give them injections as part of the treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15050010", "title": "Lalgudi DSP held while taking bribe", "text": "TRICHY: In a major development, the anti-corruption sleuths of Trichy nabbed the deputy superintendent of police, Lalgudi at the latter's camp office while he was receiving an amount of Rs 25,000 in cash from a complainant. \"After studying the veracity of the complaint and carrying out further investigations to satisfy ourselves that the complaint was built on genuine grounds and not motivated by any personal animosity, we laid a trap,\" the DSP of Trichy DVAC, N Silambarasan told TOI, soon after arresting the 48-year-old Lalgudi DSP, K Selvamani.This was the first time in a long time a DSP had been had been caught red-handed from the region. The complaint was forwarded by M Rajamanickam (32), one of the four trustees of Sirumaruthur-based Alpha Educational and Charitable Trust, who had approached the Lalgudi DSP for a clearance under the Foreign Contribution Regulation Act (FCRA), 2010 for the trust.A shocked Selvamani, initially denied having demanded any cash and told Silambarasan that Rajamanickam had kept the money on his table despite his objections. However, a little later, Selvamani admitted his wrongdoing. He was produced before the special court, which remanded him in judicial custody for 15 days.Silambarasan, who was earlier DSP of Kovilpatti, became the anti-corruption DSP in Trichy following a vacancy, and this was the third such trap since he took over. On July 13, an assistant engineer, TNEB at Samayapuram, D Saravanan (43), was caught while receiving Rs 10,000 from A Ramesh from Iruganur, who had submitted a request to remove three electric posts crossing across his land. On June 26, DVAC sleuths took into custody sub-registrar Jayaprakasam on charges of having received a bribe of Rs 50,000. from a complainant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15051023", "title": "Civic body demands 2,000 crore for Godavari action plan", "text": "Nashik: With the Kumbh Mela scheduled for 2015, the Nashik Municipal Corporation ( NMC) has asked the state for Rs 2,000 crore for various developmental works under the Godavari action plan.The new proposal, which is along the lines of the previous Godavari action plan, has been sent to the state for overall development. The action plan would include work on ghat development, roads, cleanliness, parking and more. \"We need funds to develop the ghats, for cleanliness, ring roads, hospitals, parking, multi-level parking, main roads and land reservations for Kumbh Mela. We have to acquire 300 acres of land for various infrastructural and development works for the forthcoming Kumbh Mela. For this we need Rs 2000 crores,\" said chairman of the NMC's standing committee, Uddhav Nimse.\"We had an internal discussion about this and have sent a proposal to the state government. We will soon have a meeting with the chief minister in Mumbai and will ask him to forward the proposal to the central government. In 2-3 months' time, we hope to get this done,\" he said.The original Godavari action plan that was announced in 1993. It took off only in 1999 and was completed in 2004. \"Most of the work was completed during that period\u2014 like the sewage treatment plant of 78 mld (million litres daily) capacity at Tapovan and the 22 mld capacity at Chehedi. Some intersections and diversions at some locations have been done, a low cost sanitation, afforestation in some parts along the stretch of the river and New Ganeshwadi pumping station have been completed and approved by the government in 2004, \" said executive engineer of the sewage department.He said that there was a demand for comprehensive action plan for Godavari on the basis of the plan of 1999-2004 for Nashik city (Ramkund to Tapovan). \"The new plan, which will be an integrated plan, will include Trimbakeshwar, Kopargaon, Nashik, Nanded, Sangli and Karad,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15050673", "title": "Weekend brings hope for showers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It is time for city residents to get prepared for heavy monsoons showers as Chandigarh meteorological centre has signalled change in weather conditions from Friday onwards which would bring the much-awaited rainfall. After five days of scorching heat, the rain is surely going to bring relief. Since Sunday the city hasn't received any rain, except for a few traces on Wednesday afternoon. The temperature too has seen a constant rise of nearly 3 degrees in during the day and drop in humidity levels.Chandigarh Met director surrender Paul said, \"The weather would start changing from Friday and there would be enough rainfall in the next two to three days. There is a possibility of regular monsoon showers from now onwards.\"While on Sunday, 33.3 degrees of maximum temperature was recorded, on Thursday city residents sweat at 36.3 degrees. With this, the maximum degree has shot up from normal by 2 degrees, whereas the night temperature is 5 degrees above normal. Humidity levels, on the other hand, came down from 89% to 76% in one day.The department has forecast partly cloudy sky with possibility of rainfall. The maximum temperature for Friday would be around 36 degrees where as the minimum temperature would hover around 28 degrees celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15052587", "title": "Bharti Airtel stripped of triple-A rating", "text": "MUMBAI: Fresh loans may get expensive for Bharti Airtel with rating agency Icra stripping its long-term working capital loans of the coveted triple-A rating, citing regulatory uncertainty and lower-than-expected profits.On Thursday, Icra lowered its tripe A rating on Bharti's Rs 2,250 crore working capital loan, rated on long-term scale, to double-A, while reaffirming the A1+ rating on Rs 250 crore loan on the short-term scale. The outlook for the rating is revised from negative to stable.Icra cited regulatory uncertainty in the telecom sector, lower-than-expected profits and inability to infuse equity as the reasons for the cut in rating. Officials in the banking industry said the downgrade will not immediately affect the pricing of its existing loans. However, the interest rate could be revised upwards when the loan is due for renewal. Banks renew the working capital limit every year, but the renewal period varies from bank to bank.\"The ratings take into consideration Bharti Airtel's exposure to regulatory uncertainty in India, especially with regard to levy of one-time spectrum fee, spectrum refarming, availability and pricing of spectrum across different frequency bands,\" Icra said.\"A higher-than-anticipated impact due to regulatory developments, especially in light of Trai's April 2012 recommendations on spectrum pricing will be a key rating sensitivity,\" it added.Icra also cited \"lower-than-anticipated profitability in its core operations as well as lower-than-anticipated pace of deleveraging, mainly due to non-materialisation of the planned infusion of equity funds, because of which the company's capital structure and leverage indicators continue to remain adverse.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15050383", "title": "CBI busts another admission racket", "text": "CBI has busted an alleged racket involving fraudulent admissions in government medical and engineering colleges and arrested four persons. The mastermind allegedly charged Rs 30 lakh for admissions in a Delhi university in the bachelor of dental surgery (BDS) course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053887", "title": "Salman's endeavour to live up to spy's life", "text": "Espionage is a genre that has always proved to be thrilling. For filmmakers it gives them the chance to explore a rather untouched territory and therefore take cinematic liberties; and for the audience, it gives them a chance to know, albeit cinemtically, the machinations and workings of spy agencies.However, for actor Salman Khan who is playing the role of a RAW agent in Ek Tha Tiger , it has given him the chance to experience how it is to live a life of a babu and that of a spy simultaneously - this by actually being the in the scene of action instead of shooting on a set! Yes, we are talking Lutyens Delhi and real locations in the capital.A spokesperson from Yash Raj Fims, who is producing this film directed by Kabir Khan , says, \"It's true we have shot at real bureaucratic colonies at Delhi. We wanted to keep everything real and make sure Ek Tha Tiger brings authenticity to our audience. We are thankful to the Indian government for having given us the permission to shoot at such high security locations of India.\"Sources also add that it was Salman who wanted to keep the look and feel of this spy thriller real. He is aware that any special agent never reveals his real identity and lives a rather serective life, concealing his real character ever so often. Therefore, he had to shed all his glamour and style to blend into the part of a spy. Hence, the crew of Ek Tha Tiger had taken special permission from to shoot at these locations from up close so that authenticity of the film is maintained.Salman plays a RAW agent who is sent from India to Dublin on a secret mission. As he performs thrilling stunts, does high octane action sequences, he will also be seen romancing Katrina Kaif as the film hits theatres this Eid!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15049798", "title": "Swiss adventurer lands in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Swiss adventurer and pilot Carlo Schmid may not be able to match the adventures that Phileas Fogg and his French valet had on their way to Kolkata (then Calcutta) from Mumbai (then Bombay) and in the city itself but he is well on his way to circumnavigate the globe in his single-engine Cessna 210 in 80 days and get his name on the Guinness Book of World Records as the youngest pilot to do so solo. On Thursday afternoon, he landed safely in Kolkata and will leave for Thailand (not Hong Kong as Fogg had done) on Friday.It was a childhood dream for the 22-year-old Swiss to turn Jules Verne's work of fiction into reality. He set out on July 11 from Dubendorf airfield in Switzerland and has already covered 12 cities so far, including Ahmedabad and Nagpur. His next stop will be Chiang Mai in Thailand. Schmid will leave Indian airspace on Friday but he will leave a lasting mark on the country. He is raising funds during his flight that he plans to hand over to Unicef - Switzerland for education of the girl child in India. Even the 'callsign' of his aircraft numbered RTW2012 has changed from 'Romeo Tango Whiskey Two Zero One Two' to \"Round The World for children 2012'.Schmid plans to cover 43 cities and towns in 21 countries across the four continents of Europe, Africa , Asia, and North America and cover a flight distance of 40,000 kms. He hopes to break the current world record, set in 2007 by Irving Barrington.\"I dreamt of flying before I knew how to walk. I might fail but I will never give up,\" Schmid said before he set out from Switzerland. The average flying time per leg of the journey is three to four hours. Till date, Schmid has clocked a total of 108 hours and 52 minutes in the air. The overall budget is nearly CHF (Swiss Franc) 500,000. He will be financed by sponsors, co-operation partners and private donors.\"It is very important that our project and my young team set an example. On one hand, we will be attempting to break a world record; on the other, we also wish to do something for the disadvantaged,\" Schmid, who plans to fly the concluding distance from Hamburg in Germany to Zurich in Switzerland on September 28 said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15051634", "title": "Every district should have at least one public burial ground: Justice PN Vijayakumar", "text": "THRISSUR: Every district in the state should set up at least one burial ground under its jurisdiction, suggested Justice PN Vijayakumar, the chairman of Kerala State Schedule Caste and Schedule Tribe Commission.He was addressing the gram panchayat plan coordinators during the second-phase training on plan guideline for local self-government institutes (LSGIs) in carrying out the 12th Five Year plan, at the Kerala Institute of Legal Administration here on Thursday.\"There were many startling incidents in recent times, where people had to bury their beloved's body inside the houses they live, as they didn't have adequate space in their compound or any public burial ground nearby. This situation ought to be changed. The Commission has every right to direct and interfere in projects and activities of the local self-government institutes and we have already directed all district gram panchayats to ensure at least a public burial ground is set up under their jurisdiction without much delay,\" said Justice PN Vijayakumar.The chairman also expressed his dissatisfaction with the functioning of planning boards. \"The planning boards are supposed to discuss the schemes and programmes with the Commission, whenever they prepare a plan. Sadly, no creative discussions have taken place with the Commission by the planning boards till date and we have taken a serious not on this,\" justice said.Plan coordinators from the gram panchayats of Thiruvananthapuram, Kasaragode, Pathanamthitta, Idukki and Malappuram participated in the training programme. Course director Dr JB Rajan, Dr Peter M Raj and coordinator UV Baburaj spoke. The training programme for plan coordinators from the panchayats of Kollam, Eranakulam, Alapuzha and Thrissur will start on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15048843", "title": "New cluster route starts with 7 buses", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the launch of seven buses on a new cluster route from this Friday, the total number of buses plying under the cluster scheme will go up to 300.DIMTS, which runs the bus cluster service on behalf of the Delhi government, on Thursday announced the launch of another route with seven buses. The total number, however, still falls short of the 4,000-odd buses that were promised for the service by the transport department. The government is also hoping to start services on cluster 2 from later this month, said DIMTS officials. On Friday though, seven orange Delhi Transit buses will start operation on route number 214. The buses will be based at Sunehri Nallah depot.This new route is part of route cluster number 5. The route is from New Seemapuri to Kamla Market which is in the vicinity of New Delhi Railway Station (Ajmeri Gate side) via Dilshad Garden Metro Station, Jhilmil Metro Station, Shahdra Terminal, Shyamlal College, Welcome Metro Station, Seelampur Metro Station, Shastri Park, ISBT Kashmere Gate, Red Fort, Jama Masjid, Daryaganj and LNJP Hospital. \"This route will be the second route where Delhi Transit buses will operate via the ISBT bridge and connect major trans-Yamuna neighbourhoods near NH-1,\" said the DIMTS spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15050093", "title": "Supreme Court declines to stay Enrica trial", "text": "NEW DELHI: The SC on Thursday declined to stay the trial against two Italian marines accused of killing two fishermen off the Kerala coast but issued notices to the Centre and the state government on their plea for quashing all proceedings against them.A bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and J Chelameswar issued notices after senior advocate Harish Salve said a recent clarification from the government on the extent of Indian territorial waters had rendered the case outside the jurisdiction of Indian authorities. Finding the plea similar to the one contained in the writ petition filed by the Italian government, the bench tagged the two together and fixed hearing for August 8.Additional solicitor general Indira Jaising pointed out that the marines had not made the relatives of the two killed fishermen party to the petition and alleged that the Italian government had entered into separate agreements with them offering money in return of their non-participation in prosecution of the naval commandoes.Salve said the relatives had intended to intervene in the proceedings before the Kerala High Court but later withdrew, inviting adverse comments from the HC. The bench told Jaising that if the court needed the dead fishermen's relatives to be party to the case before it, then notice could be sent to them.Marines Massimilano Latorre and Salvatore Girone, who are on bail, said the February 15 incident happened outside India's jurisdiction and hence, their trial under Indian law was in breach of international law which required the issue to be dealt with by an Italian court or an international forum.Italy had said the marines aboard Enrica Lexie took action in the vessel's security interest after a pirate alert was sounded. \"If the incident happened because of the action of someone on official duty, Republic of Italy takes full responsibility,\" it had said.Latorre and Girone, arrested on February 19, are military naval officials in active service of the Italian government and the action taken by them was under the bona fide belief that they were protecting the vessel from a pirate attack, Italy had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "15050868", "title": "US ship didn\u2019t warn Indian fishermen: Dubai police", "text": "DUBAI: Dubai's police chief has rejected the US claim that its navy ship had forewarned the Indian fishermen before opening fire and killing one of them. \"According to our findings and testimonies of the injured , I believe that they told the truth,\" lieutenant-general Dhahi Khalfan Tamim, commander-in-chief of the Dubai Police, was quoted by the Khaleej Times as saying.Tamil Nadu fisherman, Arumugam Sekar, was killed on Monday when an embarked security team aboard the USNS Rappahannock fired upon a small motor vessel near Jabel Ali off Dubai. Tamim said that, according to the testimony of the fishermen , they were not warned to move away by the US navy.The crew, which was interrogated by the US navy after the incident, told the Dubai police that they did not move towards the ship and instead attempted to avoid it.The US Fifth Fleet claimed that the boat disregarded warnings and rapidly approached the US ship. On Tuesday, India urged the UAE to investigate the shooting.\"We treat this incident as a normal case, the US navy should report the incident to the police if it occurred in the Dubai regional water,\" Tamim said.He added that nobody has been arrested as the ship moved into international water after the shooting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15050999", "title": "Paramedics threaten stir over honorarium variation", "text": "IMPHAL: Field paramedical staff and nurses, who are working on contract basis under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), have threatened to launch an agitation from August 16 if the authorities fail to pay them a uniform performance-based honorarium (PBH) by August 15.They are demanding parity in PBH with that of the desk employees working under NRHM.Variations in PBH have been prevalent for quite a long time and the same should be equalized, said public health nurse Kh Molina Devi, on behalf of the agitators.Though the Pay Implementation Centre (PIC) of the state finance department prepared the honorarium in accordance with their grades, the state programme manager of NRHM,Ng Momota, maintained differences in the PBH amount.The pay variations were made on the alleged ground that the paramedics and nurses working in the field are not efficient in their duties, which Molina flatly rejected. Condemning such 'irresponsible comments', Molina asked the manger to substantiate the claim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15051152", "title": "Saranda Action Plan: Govt sets up camp office", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The West Singhbhum district administration did not waste much time in obeying Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh's directive to set up a camp office in the Manoharpur block to oversee the progress of the Saranda Action Plan, (SAP) at ground zero.The office was inaugurated by deputy commissioner (DC) K Srinivasan, in Nandpur panchayat under Manoharpur block on Wednesday. \"At least once a week I will visit the camp office to interact with the villagers and oversee (Saranda) development project work,\" said K Srinivasan.In absence of the DC, two employees of the Manoharpur block office will receive written complaints from the villagers for an hour, everyday and produce those reports to the DC for subsequent actions.\"Depending on the nature of the complaints they would be addressed at the block, district and state levels,\" said an official of the Manoharpur block office. The tribal inhabitants of Saranda had for a decade remained victims of official apathy and indifference. Due to Maoist dominance in the area, few development projects were reportedly undertaken for their benefit.Ramesh visited the district on July 1 and called for the need of an extension office of the district administration so that the senior district officials could easily interact with the local people and at the same time assess the specially designed development schemes from the office.All issues, ranging from proper implementation of social welfare schemes like MNREGA, Indira Awas Yojna, BPL card facilities, Antyodaya schemes as well as issues related to Forest Rights Act violation and extremist issues will be taken up by the camp office.Ramesh, the architect of SAP, was not totally satisfied with its progress in the Maoist-hit district and asked the state to pace up the implementation cycle during his visit to once a Maoist den in the Saranda forest early this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15049303", "title": "Court summons energy secretary on elephant death", "text": "BANGALORE: A high court division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Thursday directed the energy department secretary to appear before the court on September 6 over the electrocution of a wild elephant in Alur, Hassan district, on July 17-18.The bench gave this directive after government advocate Ravindra G Kolle brought this issue to the notice of the court hearing a suo motu PIL about elephant deaths.The bench also directed the elephant task force headed by Raman Sukumar, Indian Institute of Science, to submit its report by September 6. The committee was set up on January 24 to look into various aspects of human-elephant conflict and suggest remedial measures.The committee was given time till April 15 and the deadline extended from time to time. The high court registered a suo motu PIL in November 2008 based on media reports which highlighted a series of elephant deaths in and around Mysore and Chamarajanagar, bordering Tamil Nadu and Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "15051119", "title": "Examinee writes to judge about rampant copying in Nilamber Pitamber University exams", "text": "GARHWA: Use of unfair means is reportedly rampant in every BA, BSc and B Com Part III exam centre in Garhwa being conducted by Nilamber Pitamber University (NPU).In a letter to the principal district judge, an examinee of an exam centre (name not mentioned) has written that he was deeply shocked over the frequent use of unfair means in the examinations. He has mentioned in the letter that he is unable to take his examination peacefully under such circumstances.Taking cognizance of the matter, the principal district judge Shiv Narayan Singh has ordered deployment of magistrates at all exam centres during the exam hour for keeping a tab on use of unfair means and conduct of fair and peaceful exams.The examinee has also said in the letter that every person from the college peons to invigilators were involved in the menace. The examinee has urged the principal district judge that his exam centre should be changed.However, the letter does not bear the name of the examinee except \"Aap ka beta\" is written in the end of the letter. BA, BSc and BCom Part III exams are being conducted in different colleges under NPU for which home centres have been made for the convenience of students appearing in the said exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15050241", "title": "State to have shafts in 55 blocks to recharge depleting water levels", "text": "PUNE: City-based the Groundwater Survey and Development Agency (GSDA) is going to construct 'recharge shafts' in 55 drought-prone blocks in the state in a bid to recharge depleting water levels in the aquifers. The 55 blocks, a large number of which are in Pune, Nashik and Aurangabad divisions, have been shortlisted primarily because they received less than 60% rainfall in June and have also had their water table going down by more than one meter in May.Suresh Khandale, joint director, GSDA, told TOI that it has been decided to construct recharge shafts in face of scanty rainfall. \"Surface run-off or water that flows over the land surface should now be saved, so that maximum amount of this water seeps into the aquifers underground,\" said Khandale.These trench-cum-recharge shafts will help the surface run-off to directly fall into aquifers. \"Filter media in the recharge shaft will be used to filter the turbid surface run-off, ensuring that only clean water enters the aquifer. The aim is to recharge drinking water sources in the state,\" said Khandale, adding that such shafts will come up in an average 10 to 20 villages in each of the shortlisted blocks.Explaining how the blocks were short-listed and declared drought-prone, Khandale said, \"An analysis of the groundwater situation in 353 talukas conducted in May revealed that as many as 79 blocks in the state recorded more than one metre depletion in their groundwater levels as compared to its average level. Also, we had data on those blocks that have received less than 60% rainfall in June. We overlaid the two assessments to reach at 55 scarcity-hit blocks where water table dipped by more than one meter in May and the rainfall was less than 60% in June.\"The GSDA conducts groundwater level surveys in January, March, May and September. The surveys conducted in May and September are called pre-monsoon and post-monsoon surveys respectively.In May, an assessment of groundwater levels was conducted by measuring the observation wells spread across 353 talukas in the state. The water-level recorded was compared with that recorded during the month of May in the past five years. The assessment showed that out of 353 blocks, as many as 146 blocks had shown groundwater depletion between 0-1 metre, 57 blocks witnessed the depletion between 1-2 metres, 12 blocks between 2-3 metres, and 10 blocks saw the water table dip by more than 3 metres.In Pune district, 6 out of the 13 surveyed blocks showed groundwater depletion between 0-1 metre, three showed depletion between 1-2 metres, while another showed depletion between 2-3 meters.Khandale said in the face of rainfall deficit, it is now a must to save borewell water across the state. \"Pune falls in the rain-shadow region and thus it has become necessary to save water in borewells and dugwells and thus use this resource conscientiously. This water can later be used for drinking purposes,\" Khandale added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15050650", "title": "\u2018Chandigarh\u2019s satellite townships need to grow up\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh is facing an identity crises as there are fears that it might turn into an urban jungle from a garden city. This was pointed out by Rajnish Wattas, former principal of Chandigarh College of Architecture at IIT College of Architecture in Chicago last week. Wattas is currently teaching at the Surya School of Architecture in Patiala. The unusual growth over the years in the planned city is now threatening its unique identity.\"On the growth parameters, today, Chandigarh had the highest per capita GDP, car ownership in the country, excellent green cover parameters, low pollution levels and urban services. On the downside, the city faces acute traffic and parking problems, spiralling land prices, housing shortage, slums and shrinking up of its Sukhna Lake,\" he said.Wattas gave a background of Chandigarh's inception, concept and development, highlighting Le Corbusier's planning principles and architecture. He showcased its international significance as 20th century's biggest experiment in urban planning the world over and its heritage value.He added that the creation of satellite townships of Mohali and Panchkula has choked its periphery. The satellite towns need to stop piggyback-riding Chandigarh's excellent infrastructure, and instead grow within themselves with full urban amenities and services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15052612", "title": "As crime graph rises in Margao, cops hide information from journalists", "text": "MARGAO: If you cannot stop thefts, at least don't let the media know of them. That seems to be latest mantra adopted by the south Goa police, as there has been no let down in the rate of thefts occurring in the state's commercial capital, of late.Despite intensifying night patrolling and succeeding in arresting a gang of burglars, the thieves have struck at quite a number of houses in Margao, during the last few days, with remarkable ease. However, with the assembly session underway, police are averse to sharing any information about the cases of thefts booked at the police stations.Sources revealed that at least 81 cases of thefts and burglaries have been reported at the Margao town police station for the last six months.What has added to the predicament of the South Goa police is the fact that arrest of ringleader Nilesh Chowgule and his accomplices last week, has had no effect on the crime scenario in the district. Police were hopeful that with the Chowgule gang beind bars, the number of thefts would decrease. However, as that was not to be, police suspect the involvement of yet another gang in the recent cases of thefts and burglaries.Six members of the Chowgule gang, including Chowgule, have already been arrested by the Margao police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049746", "title": "Tejas won't be ready for combat before 2015", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when the US is fast-developing hypersonic bombers capable of flying at 20 times the speed of sound, India's largely home-grown Tejas light combat aircraft will \"not be ready to go to war'' anytime before 2015.The latest assessment of Tejas, which has now clocked close to 2,000 flights in its almost three-decade-long developmental saga, holds the light-weight fighter will be capable of firing guns, rockets and BVR (beyond visual range) missiles as well as air-to-air refuelling only by 2015 at the earliest, say defence ministry sources.That is when the single-engine Tejas will become fully combat-ready after getting the final operational clearance (FOC). The review suggests that the fighter is again headed to miss a deadline in its convoluted tale that began in 1983 as an endeavour to replace the ageing MiG-21s.So far, Tejas has achieved only initial operational clearance-I (IOC-I) to certify it's airworthiness. \"The IOC-II for the fighter, which also includes integration of some weapons like laser-guided bombs, was pushed back to December 2012. But now, it will only be possible by July, 2013, or so after over 200 more sorties. FOC will come only two years after that,'' said a source.India will eventually spend over Rs 25,000 crore in the entire Tejas programme, including the naval variant and trainer as well as the failed Kaveri engine, as earlier reported by TOI. But more than the cost, it's the time taken to develop a fully-tested, weapons-ready fighter that underlines how critical defence projects should not be run.While it is true that developing a supersonic fly-by-wire fighter from scratch was never going to be easy, the entire project could have been managed much better. IAF, on its part, is supporting the fighter programme since it knows the country's need to have indigenous weapon systems is strategically critical.Plans are underway to upgrade the Sulur airbase in Tamil Nadu, which will house the initial Tejas squadrons inducted in the IOC-II configuration, at a cost of Rs 524 crore. While the first 20 Tejas will be powered by the American GE-404 engines, the next six Mark-II squadrons (16-18 jets in each) will have the more powerful GE F-414 engines. The $822-million deal for 99 GE F-414 engines is likely to be inked soon, with additional engines being ordered at a later stage.The number of fighter squadrons in IAF will further dip to 31 over the next three to four years with phasing out of the aging MiG variants, further impacting IAF's combat capabilities, before it slowly begins to pick up with new inductions. Projections show IAF will have the required 45 squadrons only by 2032.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15050261", "title": "Police staffer held for forging papers", "text": "PUNE: A junior clerk at the police commissionerate and a middleman were arrested on Thursday for forging records to issue a firearms licence.Kailas Sadashiv Bhosale, 43, is a clerk in the arms licence department of the Pune police commissionerate. He allegedly attached fake documents to the records register and managed to get a 'duplicate' licence issued in the name of one Vasant Kokane. Ajay Agarwal, 46, acted as a middleman in the process.Deputy commissioner of police (head quarters) Jayant Naiknavare said that Bhosale and Agarwal met about a month ago. He told Agarwal that he needs money. \"Agarwal told Bhosale that he could give him the money, only if he helped him get an arms licence from the commissionerate,\" Naiknavare said.Meanwhile, Agarwal demanded Rs 1.5 lakh from Kokane for getting a licence from the \"special quota\" in the commissionerate.Naiknavare said the procedure for issuing a firearm licence is very stringent. The commissioner's office maintains a record register in which information of licence-holders is maintained. But if the original licence is lost, the officials check the record register and issue a duplicate one. \"Taking advantage of this procedure, Bhosale attached Kokane's fake documents, which were prepared in 2008, to the records register. Agarwal then submitted an application on behalf of Kokane for issuing a duplicate licence. On the basis of that page, a duplicate licence was issued by an assistant commissioner of police,\" Naiknavare said.The incident came to light around a week ago when Kokane spoke to his friend, who is a police constable, about the licence. \"When Kokane told him about the special quota, the constable got suspicious. He knew there is no such special quota. The constable took Kokane to the police commissionerate. On checking the register, we found the fake documents in the name of Kokane. Besides, there was no file noting on the entry.\" Naiknavare said.Agarwal had allegedly paid Rs 40,000 to Bhosale to get the job done. The cash has been recovered from Bhosale, said the police.Bhosale was arrested by the Bund Garden police station on Wednesday night while Agarwal was arrested on Thursday morning. The two were produced at the court and remanded to police custody till July 21, said Satish Nikam inspector at the Bund Garden police station.Bhosale is a resident of Keshavnagar in Chinchwad while Agarwal lives in Saritanagari on Sinhagad Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15048963", "title": "Regional Plan 2021 will be in the interest of state, people", "text": "PORVORIM: Responding to comments from members whether the revised Regional Plan 2021 would be like 'old wine in new bottle', chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that it would be done in the interest of the state and the people and announced that the government would invite \"general suggestion\" from the public from August 15 to September 15 on the plan.He however clarified that during this exercise, no individual cases would entertained. It would be on policy matters, he said. The government will then hold district level consultation and complete them by December.Replying to queries raised during the discussion on demands for grants to town and country planning (TCP), and others, the chief minister said that permissions given before April 9 this year are valid. \"If the sanad is given but plans are not approved then they will have to wait for some time,\" Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "15048982", "title": "Shravan, the month of fairs &amp; festivals", "text": "KERI: No month in the Hindu calendar has as many fairs and festivals as Shravan, the fifth month of the calendar. Goans, in order to receive blessings from the gods, have inherited the tradition of celebrating various fairs and festivals throughout this month.Every day of Shravan is marked by fasting for festivals in honour of several deities. The festival of Nagpachami related to cobra worship, Gokulashtami connected with the worship of the infant Krishna, Narali Pournima, the worship of sea god, Raksha Bandhan, the festival of brother and sister are celebrated during Shravan.Pachava means fifth as well as green and throughout this month nature and surroundings wear a lush green look. As the work of sowing paddy ends during this time, the entire area appears to be covered in a green carpet due to the colour of fully grown paddy saplings.In the past, there was a tradition of reading old religious books like Bhaktivijay, Harivijay and Shivlilamrut in Marathi to the audience present in temples and houses.\"Some temples, in the evenings, organize daily programmes of devotional songs and eulogies to gods and goddesses during the performances of the bhajans,\" says Narayan Gawas, from Halidwada of Keri-Sattari. Kirtans, a performance marked by singing and dramatization of devotional stories, are presented to the tunes of tabla and harmonium.Monday is reserved for worshipping Lord Shiva, Tuesday for Gauri or goddesss Parvati, Wednesday in honour with Budhagrah, Thursday for god Dattatraya, Friday in honour of Mahalaxmi, Saturday for the folk deity Maruti and Sunday in honour of the sun god.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15050111", "title": "Train pantry worker held for sexual assault on woman", "text": "KOCHI: A man was arrested by the railway police for allegedly sexually assaulting a woman passenger in Maveli Express on Wednesday night. The arrested has been identified as Nazar (34) of Kannur. He was presented before the magistrate on Thursday and was released on bail.According to police, Nazar is a worker in the pantry of the train and allegedly sexually assaulted a woman who was travelling from Kannur to Thiruvananthapuram. Police said the women was sleeping on the upper berth when the accused assaulted her. She raised an alarm and co-passengers immediately nabbed Nazar and handed him over to the railway police.He was handed over to the railway police when the train reached Ernakulam on Wednesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15049375", "title": "22 years on, man who kept bomb at secretariat gets life sentence", "text": "CHENNAI: More than two decades after a bomb was detected and defused behind the state assembly at Fort St George here just before then Prime Minister VP Singh was to address a meeting, a suspected Tamil extremist was on Thursday sentenced to life imprisonment by a designated court for TADA cases. He was charged with planting the bomb.R Chidambaram alias Sivakumar of Karur, said to be a member of 'Tamilar Pasarai', a Tamil separatist group, was absconding for several years before he was arrested in 2010 in Thanjavur. Additional sessions judge K Dakshinamoorthy on Thursday said the charges against him were proved beyond doubt. Chidambaram was found guilty of offences under Section 120-B (criminal conspiracy) of Indian Penal Code read with the provisions of Terrorist and Disruptive Activities (Prevention) Act (TADA) 1987 and a provision of Explosive Substance Act, 1908. \"The sentences of imprisonment shall run concurrently,\" Dakshinamoorthy said in the judgment.Tamilar Pasarai, police sources said, was formed by a group of people in Trichy in 1988 with the intention of \"achieving a separate Tamil Nadu.\" On September 20, 1990, a few members of the outfit brought the bomb into Fort complex and planted it behind the assembly.Two days later, a police constable found a white plastic jerry containing the bomb at 6.45am and alerted top officials. In less than an hour, the bomb was defused before Prime Minister V P Singh, then chief minister M Karunanidhi and other dignitaries were to attend the National Integration Council meeting at Namakkal Kavingnar Maligai in the complex.The incident was also mentioned in the report of the Jain Commission which probed the conspiracy angle behind former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi's assassination. The Jain panel said the group's objective was to make its presence felt in the state.Fourteen people were cited as accused in the case. One of them, Raja alias Ayyappan, was arrested on July 11, 2007 and sentenced to a five-year prison term on December 4, 2009 for being part of the plot. Two other accused, Satish and Prasad, were found guilty and sentenced to five years' rigorous imprisonment a few years ago. The rest of the accused are absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15050906", "title": "Macho strays into Bravo home", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The void created in the Bhatt family by the disappearance of their beloved Labrador Bravo, is being filled, even if temporarily, by another Labrador - Macho. Badly injured by stray dogs and down with fever, Macho seems to have been deserted by its owner. So, businessman Shailesh Bhatt has decided to nurse it back into good health, even as he keeps hunting for Bravo.Bravo, who was treated like a member of the Bhatt family, was stolen earlier this month by the caretaker of an ashram while Shailesh was on pilgrimage with the mahant of the ashram. He had left the dog and his car at the ashram, both of which were stolen.As word spread that Shailesh was desperately hunting for his beloved Bravo, residents of Manekbaug Society informed him that they had spotted a dog abandoned on the road. Shailesh rushed there only to find it was not Bravo. Nonetheless, he decided to take it home and take care of it.\"We tried calling the latest canine addition by different names and found that it responded to Macho,\" Shailesh told TOI. \"We will take care of it till the real master is found. If no one comes forward, we will adopt Macho.\"Meanwhile, the hunt for Bravo is taking the family to different corners of the state. \"We have been informed that the main accused, Amit Mistry, was last spotted with my car in Rajkot,\" Shailesh added. \"We suspect Mistry used the car for a trip to south Gujarat by changing the number plate. Information about Bravo, however, remains sketchy.\" He has decided to go towards Saputara to hunt for Bravo, his wife is camping in Rajkot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15049273", "title": "Chennai class 8 boy dies while playing in school", "text": "CHENNAI: B Ganesh Kumar, a Class 8 boy of Sankaralinga Nadar Higher Secondary School in Old Washermenpet died while playing during the physical education period on Thursday afternoon.P Babu, the boy's father, said he received a call from his elder son B Karthik, a Class 9 student of the same school, at 2.20pm, saying Ganesh had collapsed and was rushed to the nearby Nagamani Hospital.A sobbing Babu said, \"When I went into the hospital, I found him lying down with some School boys around him. The other boys had carried him on their shoulders to the hospital. My son had no pulse. I took him to Stanley Hospital where he was declared dead. Nobody from the school was present in the hospital. Why didn't they inform me when they had my telephone numbers in their register and also on my son's ID card? Babu said he realised his son was no more when he saw the nurses in the ward sobbing. \"I want an investigation into my son's death,\" he said.School headmaster R Rajendran denied Babu's charges. \"Three teachers had gone along with the boys to the nearby hospital. The parents could not identify the teachers there, and were hence making baseless allegations,\" he said. Explaining the sequence of events, he said the boy was playing along with others during the physical training period between 2pm to 2.30pm. He suddenly collapsed, holding his chest. He was frothing at the mouth and blood oozed out of his nose. Physical education trainers N Balasubramaniam and K Thavamani along with Class 12 boys rushed him to the hospital from where he was taken to Stanley Hospital by his father,\" Rajendran said.Doctors say Ganesh could have been suffering from a pre-existing heart condition that may not have showed itself earlier, but became worse due to exertion.\"It is hard to tell. He could have suffered pulmonary oedema, where the heart starts failing. The lung fluid then starts coming out through the mouth and nose and frothing happens,\" says Dr Indra Jayakumar, a paediatric intensivist with Apollo Children's Hospital.The post mortem on Ganesh will be conducted on Friday morning. A pall of gloom descended on Subbarayan Street where Ganesh resided. Neighbours said Ganesh was a quiet and loveable boy who always helped people around. He had few friends and rarely left the street on holidays.The school has declared Friday and Saturday as holidays to mourn the death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh/gurgaon", "code": "15048856", "title": "Gurgaon faces long power cuts as Haryana battles coal shortage", "text": "CHANDIGARH/GURGAON: The power situation in Gurgaon is likely to worsen in the coming days as Haryana's power utilities are finding it difficult to source sufficient electricity. Sources said the government, too, has not been able to arrange coal for power plants, so power cuts will continue till at least the first week of August.State-wide supply on Thursday afternoon was 1,100 lakh units (LU) against a demand of 1,300 LU. However, after factoring in 30% line losses, the availability was a little over 800 LU. The power loss of 300 LU is more than Gurgaon circle's requirement of 180-200 LU per day.Officials said the overall shortage of around 500 LU resulted in major power cuts in Gurgaon on Thursday. Haryana power minister Ajay Singh expressed helplessness in ensuring smooth power supply. \"We are helpless. We don't have special plans for Gurgaon as we have to see the state as a whole.\"After a short cool spell due to rain, Gurgaon is again witnessing long power cuts as the supply has plummeted in the region. The discom DHBVN said supply on Wednesday was 130 LU whereas the demand was 160 LU.In Lakshman Vihar, power was disrupted four times during the day. \"The situation had improved after rain but now the cuts are back,\" said Laksh Chaudhari, a resident. Residents of Sector 4 said there were repeated cuts on Wednesday night. \"I called up the complaint centre and was told that a power cable had developed a snag in Basai village,\" said Amit Arora, general secretary of the Sector 4 RWA.Similarly, the residents of Sector 22 complained of voltage fluctuation throughout the day. \"The power cuts are making our lives miserable and the voltage fluctuation is ruining our electrical appliances,\" said Bhim Singh, a resident of Sector 22.The residents were furious because DHBVN hiked fuel surcharge adjustment (FSA) with effect from July 1. They claimed that the power bill of every household in the region had shot up as a result. \"FSA is being slapped by the DHBVN to pay for the extra power purchased for the region. But we don't know where this additional power is going since the power situation has not changed much,\" said Shankar Nath, a resident of Sector 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15049757", "title": "Kolkata hosts world sex workers' meet", "text": "KOLKATA: Nearly 550 sex workers representatives from about 44 countries will be congregating in the city on Saturday to participate in a conference on freedom of sex workers. The two-day event, to be held on July 21 and 22, will run parallel to the XIX International AIDS Conference being organized in Washington DC from Sunday.swarming the city on Saturday. Representatives from about 44 countries will be congregating on July 21 and 22 over Freedom of Sex Workers that will run parallel to the XIX International AIDS Conference being organized in Washington DC from Sunday. The sex workers cannot be at Washington DC due to restriction on movement of the community by the US government.\"We have been working in the field of HIV/AIDS for the past 20 years. It is unfortunate that the community that is most vulnerable to infection has not been included to as a part of the conference, Therefore, we had to take up this parallel conference,\" said Bharati Dey, secretary, Durbar Mahila Samanwaya Committee (DMSC).The first-ever Global Hub of the International AIDS Conference is being hosted and co-hosted by DMSC, Global Network of Sex Workers (NWSP) and All India Network of Sex Workers (AINSW) respectively. The meet in Kolkata will have direct communication through satellite link with the Washington DC conference. Adding glamour to the meet will be the likes of Laxmi Narayan Tripathi, a well known activist who will host the conference.\"This conference has been held for over a decade25 years. But people living with HIV and the most at-risk communities have been prohibited for the first time by the US government , due to their ignorant policy,\" said Dr Samrajit Jana, DMSC chief advisor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15051194", "title": "Governor Syed Ahmed seeks report on steps taken to keep Ranchi clean", "text": "RANCHI: Governor Syed Ahmed held a high-level meeting at the Raj Bhavan on Thursday to seek a report on steps being taken by the state administration to beautify the state capital and keep the city clean during the monsoons. He also sought details of projects being taken up by the urban development department and Ranchi Municipal Corporation (RMC) to ensure traffic management, settlement of roadside vendors and parking places.Addressing the officials, including principal secretary to governor Aditya Swarup, secretary urban development department Nitin Madan Kulkarni, Ranchi deputy commissioner Vinay Kumar Choubey and RMC chief executive officer Deepankar Panda, Ahmed said diseases like diarrhoea, viral fever and malaria are being reported. \"This is happening because of lack of cleaning of drains and polluted water flowing into the water bodies which must be checked under all circumstances,\" he said. The governor specifically directed that if RMC is unable to cope up with garbage management and regular cleaning activities in two shifts they must push in third shift to ensure that the city looks neat and clean at the earliest possibility.Giving details of the initiatives taken by the RMC, Panda said the bus stand at Kantatoli is being developed into a national bus terminus for which DPR has been prepared whereas consultant has been engaged for preparing DPR for the ITI bus stand.The district administration has plans to make an underground market complex over the plot of Naga Baba khatal that was recently evicted from encroachment. Panda said a park is proposed to be set up above the market. Similar effort is being made to improve the SK Sahay daily market area.\"A G+6 marketing complex is being considered in which there will be a parking place and all the 350 vegetable vendors would be accommodated properly,\" Panda said. The governor was informed that in Khadgarha Madhukam region a double story market would be constructed for accommodating 528 fruit and vegetable vendors. While construction of this market is beginning next month yet another plan to make a convention hall cum marketing complex at the plot of town hall is in the pipeline.The officials further informed that some of the parks are being rejuvenated and fund from national lake development programme has been taken for cleaning and beautification of the Ranchi lake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15049818", "title": "Police complaint lodged in Bhubaneswar Development Authority scam", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A police complaint was filed on Thursday in the alleged financial irregularity in allotment of a housing scheme of Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA). Kalinga Sena, a fringe political outfit, lodged the complaint at Kharavel Nagar police station demanding arrest of the accused, including BDA vice-chairman Deoranjan Kumar Singh.The complaint followed findings of the accountants general (AG) of Odisha about misappropriation of funds to the tune of Rs 11.60 lakh and Rs 1.07 lakh in the allotment Jatni Housing Scheme and approval of building plans between 2008 and 2011. \"Though the auditors had brought the irregularity to the notice of the BDA VC in the past, he sat silent on it. We suspect that the irregularity was indulged in at his behest,\" said Kalinga Sena chief Hemant Rath. \"He suppressed information sought by the AG about the key persons in charge of accounts and other departments, who were verifying applications and monetary transactions,\" Rath added.It was alleged that some BDA employees allegedly forged bank receipts of around Rs 11.6 lakh to show record of money deposited by 17 beneficiaries of the schemes, while the amounts were never deposited. Part of this amount was allegedly accepted as bribe against clearing applications.\"The controversial beneficiaries should also be dragged to the court of law. They should be arrested immediately,\" Rath said.The Sena demanded action against the accused, who helped 45 people to get their building plans approved in a fraudulent manner. The AG found that the accused persons collected nominal amounts for approval of building plans and inflated the amount in its record, leading to a misappropriation of around Rs 1.07 lakh.\"We have already issued notices to the allottees, whose installments were found to be forged. If they do not pay the balance money their houses will be cancelled,\" Singh said. \"Action will be taken against the errant BDA staff as well,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15049316", "title": "Infection may have killed cheetah family, says expert", "text": "BANGALORE: The four-month old cheetah cub which died at Mysore Zoo on Wednesday was reportedly lonely and cold without its mother, who died some weeks ago.But was it only lack of motherly love which took the little cub's life or are there other factors the Mysore Zoo authorities failed to identify? TOI gets a clearer picture from Dr YV Jhala, carnivore biologist, animal ecology and conservation biology, Wildlife Institute of India, Dehradun.Mysore Zoo officials are saying this four-month old cheetah cub died due to 'shock'. Is it a typical trait of cheetah behaviour, are they more sensitive than other animals?I don't know if cheetahs are more sensitive than other animals but chances are that the same infection that killed the mother might have killed the cub. The way the mother died, the symptoms and post-mortem report are critical factors in deciding the probable cause of the cub's death.What is the behaviour manifestation of an animal in depression? Can it result in death in extreme cases?As I know it, depression is unlikely to result in death in most cases.Many cubs are hand-reared successfully. So could depression alone be reason enough for death?Cubs at 3-5 months of age can be hand-reared but require a lot of care and time investment by the keepers. In spite of this, there can be high mortality with 50% success rate.Reportedly there are some genealogical facts about cheetahs which need to be understood before they are brought in from any country. These cheetahs were brought from South Africa.All living things have to die! Large cats adapt well to captivity and zoos. However, if these animals have been brought in recently, then they may not have immunity to diseases prevalent in India, especially zoos which are full of them. These animals may have been prone to infections. The symptoms and postmortem are important to determine the cause of death.Dr Yadvendradev V Jhala did his PhD at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, USA, in Wildlife Science (1991). Later, he worked for the Wildlife Conservation and Management training programme conducted by the Smithsonian Institution , Washington DC , as a course instructor .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15051174", "title": "Teachers' recruitment exam row ends, dates announced", "text": "RANCHI: After controversies, debate, cancellation of examination and re-issuing of syllabus, the date of high school teachers' recruitment examination has been declared. The examination will be held on August 29 and the new syllabus for the examination has been uploaded on the official website of Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC).JAC chairperson Laxmi Singh said, \"The examination will be held on August 29. Those who have received the admit card earlier will carry the same to the examination hall and the others can download the admit card from the website.\"The teachers' recruitment examination was supposed to be held on May 23 but was cancelled after the applicants demanded a well-defined syllabus for the exam. Though the responsibility of conducting the examination was given to JAC on the grounds of inability by JPSC to do the same, applicants of the high school teachers' recruitment examination claim that the syllabus is a copy of the one used in the examination conducted by JPSC in the year 2008.Sanjeev, a candidate, said, \"This is the second time the examination is being held. The first one was organized by JPSC in the year 2008. If the same syllabus was to be followed earlier why did JAC not take the examination on the declared date?\"Student leader Manoj Kumar said, \"In this ego clash of HRD and JAC, the students suffer the most. If the examination was to conducted with the old syllabus in the first instance, we would have joined at various posts by now.\"Singh denied any hand in the setting of syllabus and said, \"The syllabus was provided to us by HRD and we uploaded it on the website. JAC has nothing to do with the setting of syllabus.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15050626", "title": "Rajnagar cricket ground will be ready in 2 months", "text": "Hubli: If renovation work of Rajnagar cricket ground gets completed soon, Hubli citizens will enjoy glimpses of their favourite cricketers during the Ranji Trophy matches .After the renovation and construction work of Raj Nagar cricket stadium is completed, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) will visit the stadium, inspect the facilities in ground and decide on giving a green signal to host Ranji Trophy cricket matches.Renovation work in Raj Nagar Cricket Stadium is going at a steady pace and is expected to be ready within two months. The rehabilitation is for 15 acres of land in Raj Nagar, situated on the outskirts of the city. The stadium space has been given to the Karnataka State Cricket Association (KSCA) by government on lease.The stadium is being renovated under a budget of Rs 73 lakh and the ground is being renovated under Rs10 lakh budget. For Ranji Trophy cricket aficionados, Raj Nagar Cricket Stadium, with 80-feet-height and 100-feet-width, is bigger than Chinnaswamy Cricket Stadium in Bangalore .Stadium renovation responsibility has been taken up by KSCA. This move will provide an opportunity for north Karnataka people to watch the Ranji Trophy matches in Hubli itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15049219", "title": "45-year-old armyman from Kerala found hanging in hotel", "text": "CHENNAI: An armyman was found hanging at Upadhya Hotel on Shanmugam Road in Tambaram on Thursday. The 45-year-old had had booked himself in on Monday and the room remained closed for more than three days until a room boy experienced a foul smell emanating from the room.Police were called in and they broke open the door to find Satheesan from Kannur in Kerala hanging from the ceiling. The body was moved to the Chrompet General Hospital for postmortem and his family informed of the incident.Police said Satheesan retired from the army before rejoining the defence security corps and was based in Trichy. He had come to Chennai to get his fitness certificate from the military hospital in St Thomas Mount.Satheesan was married to Radha and the couple had two children. Police are waiting for his wife and relatives to come to city to find the motive for the suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "15051186", "title": "Three arrested in Wasseypur", "text": "DHANBAD: As gang war spread to Dhanbad bus stand at Bartand over the last two days, Dhanbad police on Thursday swung into action and arrested three persons with sophisticated arms and ammunition at Wasseypur area located in the coal belt here.Dhanbad SP R K Dhan, who led the operations a Makhdoomipur area of Wasseypur, said Mohd Shakil, Mohd Wakil and Mansoor Alam were arrested during the raid at a house.They are associates of Fahim Khan, who is imprisoned in Hazaribagh Central jail as a life term convict. Fahim is leader of one of the gangs active in Wasseypur.The SP said police also recovered two carbines, one pump action gun, two magazines of cartridges for carbines and 115 cartridges. It is suspected that the three arrested persons were planning for some major crime, the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15050075", "title": "Sand mafia may have killed MP cop", "text": "BHOPAL: Four days after he went missing , the mutilated body of a sub inspector of police in Sagar was recovered from a reservoir between Ghoograkhurd and Banda, some 40 km from the district headquarters on Thursday afternoon.While the family members of the SI have alleged that the officer was killed by the mining mafia operating in the stone quarries of the district, the police have denied its possibility saying they are still working on the motive, which is not prima facie mafia related to the mafia.Bihari Singh Yadav (50) was last seen on Sunday morning in Ghoogra in his area of jurisdiction, 11 km from Sona Nala where his body was found. The incident has shocked the police department which lost a 28-year-old IPS officer, Narendra Kumar , while trying to arrest illegal stone miner in Banmore industrial town in Morena district on March 8 this year.Sub-inspector Yadav spoke to his son Ajay at 7am on Sunday. But, around 8:30 am that morning, the family lost contact with him and his mobile phone was found to be switched off. Yadav did not reach Ghoogra sub-station where he was posted even the next day. The family raised alarm with the police, that he might have been abducted by the mining mafia.Yadav's motorcycle was found on Tuesday from a spot near the Sona Nala. On Wednesday, his son pursuing MBA travelled 300km from Panna to Sagar to meet the superiors, where none was present. While Inspector General Pankaj Shrivastava was away on tour, the post of DIG is lying vacant. District superintendent of police has been transferred and his replacement has not taken charge.A helpless Ajay Singh told reporters, \"My father was abducted by the mining mafia. He works in an area where the mafia is active. He worked for the police force but even the department had no time for us. We told them we feared for his life, but no action was taken.\"Yadav's body was found in the reservoir, tied to a wooden ladder with injury marks all over his body. The police reject the charge that the mining mafia was behind his killing.Speaking to TOI, IGP Pankaj Shrivastava (Sagar) said, \"The area has stone quarries and is surrounded by forests. But we have clues that he was murdered by criminals and not by mafia. We will disclose the investigation findings on Friday.\"The IG said that Bihari Singh Yadav was posted in a small outpost in a remote area and was never involved with any investigation involving mining. \"We're still working on the motive behind his murder.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15052218", "title": "Sajid signs Tamannaah for Himmatwala remake", "text": "Sajid Khan, with a string of hits to his name, could've had any leading heroine for his remake of the 1983 blockbuster Himmatwala. But the filmmaker seems to have zeroed in on yet  another southern belle, Telugu actress Tamannaah.An insider revealed, \"Sajid had been contemplating casting either Anushka Sharma or Deepika Padukone for the role essayed by Sridevi in the original. But finally, he decided to have a fresh new face. That's how Tamannaah came into the picture.\"Tamannaah started her film career with a forgettable Hindi production Chand Sa Roshan Chehra in 2005.Later, she tasted success with the 2007 Telugu venture Happy Days. Ever since, Tamannaah has starred in numerous Telugu and Tamil films.But now, she is ready to return to the Mumbai film industry. A popular face down south, she will begin her second innings in Hindi cinema alongside Ajay Devgn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15051071", "title": "SC jolt to Arunachal parliamentary secretary", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday, while hearing the interlocutory application filed by Arunachal Pradesh parliamentary secretary for home Gadam Ete, has disposed it of, thereby paving the way for Duter Padu to reverse her electoral \"fortunes\".In its judgment, the apex court observed, \"We notice that for giving effect to the HC order, a notification has already been issued on June 26. On the basis of this, a status-quo, as of today, will continue until further orders.\"The Gauhati high court, in its judgment on June 1, had set aside the election of Ete in the 2009 assembly election and declared his nearest rival Duter Padu of Trinamool Congress elected with immediate effect. Padu, who was defeated in the 2009 polls for the Aalo West seat by a margin of 30 votes, had challenged the election result accusing the winner of resorting to unfair means by influencing the election officials and manipulating the counting of votes. She had accused that 65 postal ballot papers mysteriously disappeared from the Aalo post office, which resurfaced during counting of votes. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15049781", "title": "Info panel asks govt to address urban local bodies 'bunglings'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Taking serious note of financial irregularities in urban local bodies (ULBs) in the absence of proper monitoring, the Odisha Information Commission (OIC) has asked the state government to set up a mechanism to ensure accountability.Adjudicating in a Right to Information (RTI) case, state information commissioner (SIC) Jagadananda pointed out discrepancy in information given by the finance department and housing and urban development department and asked the chief secretary \"to examine the feasibility of setting up of an appropriate mechanism for effective coordination between the finance department and housing and urban development department for periodic monitoring on the matter...\"The SIC observed that the state exchequer was facing loss of crores of rupees as audit reports were destroyed at the ULB level to save delinquent officers. \"Since most of the officers are posted on deputation basis, they also conveniently escape the monitoring radar as soon as they return to their parent department in absence of any monitoring framework by the housing and urban development (H&UD;) department,\" he said.Jagadananda asked the H&UD; secretary to fast track the exercise of creating a dedicated cadre of officials for managing urban affairs and issue appropriate guidelines for maintenance of records at the level of the ULBS on audit reports.Hearing the complaint by one Radha Krishna Ram, the SIC said government officers are being deputed to ULBs and transferred back even against such delinquency and allowed to go scot free. This situation calls for creation of a distinct cadre of officers for the local bodies.The commission expressed \"utter dismay\" that the submission by H&UD; department and finance department were contradictory. The submission of public information officer of H&UD; department that district collectors are responsible for audit recovery and the department has no role to play in this regard was contrary to observation made by special secretary, finance department, that copies of audit reports were available with H&UD; department, the SIC said.Authorities said the government is working on a separate cadre of officers for ULBs. \"Off hand I can't comment on the particulars of this case. But the government has been already working on a separate ULB cadre of professionals, which will take care of the commission's concern,\" said H&UD; secretary Injeti Srinivas.Complainant Ram had filed two applications seeking information related to ULBs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15050056", "title": "HC notice to CBI, Kamal Patel", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh high court ( MPHC) has issued notices to former minister Kamal Patel and Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in connection with the Durgesh Jat murder case of 2008.Hearing a petition of victim's father Ram Vilas Jat challenging acquittal in the case by the trial court, a single bench of justice M S Siddiqui issued notices to them and ordered Harda district superintendent of police to serve them.Former minister Kamal Patel was acquitted of all charges by the Harda sessions court on July 20 last year. The prosecution charge was that Durgesh Jat was killed under mysterious circumstances following a shootout at a farm house in Harda in March 2008. The case was handed over to the CBI by the high court following a petition filed by Durgesh's father.After the probe, the CBI had charged Patel and his family members with murdering Durgesh and later destroying evidence. However, the session's court later acquitted him.Meanwhile, one Rewaram Patel also moved the high court alleging that Kamal Patel's son Sudeep Patel and his supporters had stormed the house of Rajendra Patel and opened fire in the first week of June. The petitioner said the police had registered a case on the charges of attempt to murder readwith common intention under the Section 307 and 34 of the IPC, but no action has been taken so far against the accused.The high court issued notices to the respondents, including the Harda district police, to furnish their replies and fixed August seven as the next date for hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15049184", "title": "PIL asks if Parliament can enact co-op bank norms", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Can the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) regulate banking businesses of co-operative banks? A PIL filed in the Gujarat high court raised this question and claimed that Parliament could not legally enact such laws, which interfere with a state subject.This PIL has been filed in the aftermath of RBI's decision to close down the Madhavpura Mercantile Co-operative Bank Ltd. The petitioner Consumer Protection and Analytic Committee urged the court to declare that the Centre has no legislative competence to enact a law for a co-operative society registered under the state's co-operatives law. The PIL has also requested the court to declare the Banking Laws Act of 1965 ultra vires for provisions contradictory to the Constitution.Appearing for the NGO, advocate Vishwas Shah submitted that the RBI Act came into being in 1934, and the Banking Regulations Act was enacted by the Centre in 1949. The later legislation did not apply to co-operative banks as enacted originally.After the Constitution came into force in 1950, certain provisions were introduced in 1966 to bring co-operative banks within the ambit and discipline of RBI. The lawyer contended that this creates dual control over co-operative societies. Some functions are governed by the State Registrar of Co-operative Societies while banking functions are regulated by RBI. The PIL therefore questions the legislative competence of Parliament to enact laws for co-operative societies, which is otherwise purely a state subject.The Centre, which has also been made party to the proceedings, objected to this PIL. The government pleader Prakash Jani told the court that the state government too was concerned with the subject.After a preliminary hearing, the bench of acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala asked the petitioner to supply a copy of the petition to the state government. The petition will be further heard next Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15049860", "title": "Ramsar experts to inspect wetland encroachment", "text": "KOLKATA: Ramsar Bureau, the international wetland watchdog agency, has decided to undertake an inspection of the East Kolkata Wetlands (EKW) following a TOI report on encroachment of bheris or fish farms at the Ramsar site.Union ministry of environment and forest director (wetland) S Kaul informed the East Kolkata Wetland Management Authority (EKWMA) chief technical officer Arijit Banerjee on Wednesday evening that the ministry and the Ramsar Bureau were concerned about the wetlands. Under the Ramsar Convention, the Centre and state government are committed to protect the sprawling wetlands east of the metropolis.Over the past few years, the land mafia has been operating with impunity in EKW over the past few years, grabbing bheris, filling them up and selling them for crores of rupees to real estate developers. Last December, TOI's sustained campaign against an audacious daylight grab of Collector Bheri off EM Bypass had led to decisive action by the wetland authority. Walls that were being constructed after draining the water were pulled down.Now, not very far from Collector Bheri, another 52-bigha waterbody in Dhapa mouja (Daag No. 1149) of KMC Ward No. 108 has been filled up and masons have been hired to build a wall around the site. An agent disclosed that 3-7 bigha plots are on sale for Rs 3.25 a cottah.Acting on the report, EKWMA officials visited the site on Wednesday and filed an FIR at Tiljala police station on Thursday.With hardly any land available for development in Kolkata proper and plots selling at a premium in Rajarhat, unscrupulous builders are eyeing the vast wetlands to make a killing. Surreptitious attempts are constantly on to encroach on the wetlands.Encroachment is particularly rampant in the Tiljala-Sonarpur belt where land sharks operate in broad daylight.A nexus between builders, politicians, goons and a section of police is proving too strong to break. And with para dadas luring youths, conservationists fear the wetlands are as good as lost unless there is decisive action against offenders.A group of green activists has already written to chief minister Mamata Banerjee to act against the culprits.to protect the 12,500-hectare EKW. \"India, as a signatory to UN Ramsar Convention, is bound to protect all Ramsar Sites and Bengal cannot absolve itself of its legal and moral obligation to save EKW,\" the letter said\"It is a shame that repeated pledges by the CM to protect and conserve the wetlands has not yielded results,\" it added.The signatories to the letter are Endev president Asish K Ghosh, Public secretary Bonani Kakkar, WWF India director Saswati Sen, Center for Ecological Movement (CEMO) secretary Purnima Dutta, Prakriti Sansad secretary Kushal Mookherjee, Green Circle president Asit Roy, Center for Social Communication (CSC) secretary Mallika Jalan and Vasundhara secretary Mohit Roy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15050733", "title": "'CM must ensure Kalasa-Bhanduri project is completed'", "text": "Hubli: \"BJP-led government should make their stand clear on Kalasa Bhanduri water diversion project before paying homage to the 1980s farmers martyrs' memorial in Navalgund on Saturday,\" said N H Konareddy, Pradesh General secretary, JD(S). Konareddy said on Thursday that during the farmers' Martyrs Day, JD(s) will stage a dharna in Navalgund. \"If the government does not take appropriate action for release of 7.56 TMC water from the Kalsa-Bhanduri river before Saturday, we will not allow the CM to pay homage to the memorial,\" he said. He said: \"CM Jagadish Shettar is from our region and knows about the water problem in the district. Even water resource minister Basavaraj Bommai is from our region. Leaders should take action for implementation of Kalsa- Bhanduri project.\"He also demanded the government should release Rs 25,000 as compensation for farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15054015", "title": "Road works begin in Chennai's Manali zone", "text": "CHENNAI: Traffic would be affected in Manali zone as grid road works began in three divisions in the zone on Friday. As part of the megacity development mission, works began at wards 19, 20 and 22.The works worth Rs 10.87 crore will include all facilities a new road will require. \"Most of the roads in Manali are severely damaged because of the heavy lorry traffic. There will be a lot of digging to be done,\" said a corporation official.The contractor will also have to lay storm water drains, a separate duct for pipelines and wiring, new pavements, street lights and electrical boxes for seven arterial roads.The roads which will get a new look would be Mathur CMDA 1st, 2nd Main Road and 3rd Main Road, along with Mathur 1st Cross Street and 2nd Cross Street. Nedunchezhian Salai will also get re-laid.The civic body also proposes a host of other development works for the zone, including six new parks that will be set up at Rs 1.48 crore along, two school buildings and a burial ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15049768", "title": "All-women mahapanchayat of western UP to burn jeans, tops", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a move endorsing the Taliban-like diktat of panchayats, women of a cluster of villages in Muzaffarnagar have decided to burn jeans and tops at an all-woman mahapanchayat to be held at Dudaherdi village of the district on July 22 next.The decision was taken at woman panchayats held at Dudaherdi, Moghpur and Mansoorpur villages of Muzaffarnagar on Tuesday. The three panchayats, attended by women from all ages, have already announced their decision to throw away jeans and tops from their wardrobe and have started a movement to mobilize support from all the other khaps in the country.Meanwhile, Subhash Baliyan, the general secretary of 'Sarwa Khap' (the umbrella organization of all the 360 khaps in India), said that the topmost khap body of the country had decided to direct all the members in the country to include elder women of their respective areas while discussing woman-related issues. \"This new provision will ensure that before announcing any decision related to women, the chaudhary (head) of the particular khap would discuss the issue with his wife before making the announcement,\" Baliyan said.The idea behind the move, it is believed, is to counter allegations that the fairer sex was being given an unfair deal by khaps which have only male as their members. Many call the provision an eyewash. \"Can the wife of any chaudhary dare say no to what her husband has approved of. This is ridiculous,\" says Sunita Punjabi, a young professional in Lucknow.The sudden emergence of all-woman panchayats in western UP ever since the Baghpat village khap controversy came into the light is also being viewed as a desperate attempt of khaps to establish that the women in such communities also have a say in the decision-making process. Last week, a panchayat in Aasara village of Baghpat prohibited women below 40 years of age using cellphones or going to the market without a male member of the family, triggering a debate on the very existence of such self styled courts in the country.A senior Bharatiya Kisan Union (BKU) leader Sohanviri, who is mobilizing support for boycott of jeans and cellphones by young women, said that the decision to torch the western outfits like jeans and tops was taken at an all-woman panchayat held at the residence of the former Moghpur village pradhan Reshpal Singh on Tuesday. \"We have spoken to the woman folk of the village and not a single of them has objected to the proposal, be it a housewife or a college-going girl,\" she said.While most of the political parties have maintained a studied silence on the diktat of Aasara village khap panchayat, a host of Jat leaders have shown their resentment over the manner the issues is being highlighted. \"The manner in which the media has projected khaps is shocking. Elders in every family tell their children about the dos and don'ts and expect them to follow their advice. This is precisely what we are doing on a village level,\" says Baliyan Khap's chaudhary Naresh Tikait.A senior Jat leader Yashpal Mallick, who is also the president of the All India Jat Reservation Committee and has been defending khaps time and again, said: \"The media has projected that the restrictions are only for women. But this is not true. Even young boys have been barred from using cell phones unless and until the need is beyond talking to their friends and families. We have also mooted boycott of families indulging in dowry,\" adding \"but the media has not projected that at all.\"While the UP government remains evasive about the \"anti-women\" diktat of khap panchayats an amicus curie appointed by the Supreme Court has suggested proactive police action against such them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15049190", "title": "Microsoft reports first quarterly loss as public company", "text": "NEW YORK: Microsoft Corp reported its first quarterly loss as a public company on Thursday as it took a previously announced hit for writing down the value of its ailing online unit and suffered stagnant sales of its flagship Windows operating system.Excluding the multibillion-dollar write-down, which was signaled earlier this month, and factoring in some deferred Windows revenue, the world's largest software company actually exceeded Wall Street's expectations, boosting its shares slightly higher in post trade.After several years of stumbling behind mobile and internet trailblazers Apple Inc and Google Inc, and a decade-long static share price, some expectation is building that Microsoft can re-establish itself as a tech leader with its new, touch-friendly Windows 8 system, due out on October 26, and an accompanying tablet of its own design.\"Considering the macro backdrop, these numbers are very good,\" said Trip Chowdhry, an analyst at Global Equities Research. \"There's a lot of anticipation for the next Microsoft products. They are regaining credibility with enterprises.\"The company reported a net loss of $492 million, or 6 cents per share for its fiscal fourth quarter, compared with a profit of $5.87 billion, or 69 cents per share, in the year-ago quarter.The loss was expected after Microsoft said earlier this month that it would take a $6.2 billion write-down for the value of its online unit after an ill-fated acquisition.Microsoft has not suffered a quarterly loss since going public in 1986.Sales rose 4 percent to $18 billion, dampened by slowing PC sales featuring its flagship Windows operating system. Global PC sales, which have been stagnant for the last two years, fell 0.1 percent last quarter, according to tech research firms Gartner and IDC.Microsoft deferred $540 million of Windows revenue in the quarter due to an upgrade discount it is offering customers who buy machines running Windows 7 before the launch of Windows 8 in October.Excluding the write-down, but factoring in that deferred revenue, Microsoft said it earned 67 cents per share in the quarter.On that basis, Wall Street expected profit of 62 cents per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.Quarterly sales were slightly below analysts' average forecast of $18.1 billion.Microsoft's shares rose 1.7 percent in post-market trading after closing at $30.67 on Nasdaq .The stock is up 10 percent so far this year, compared to a 14 percent gain in the tech-heavy Nasdaq. But it has remained locked around the $30 level, which it has not exceeded for any prolonged period since the tech stock boom 12 years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15049720", "title": "UP may soon have 10-12 new medical colleges", "text": "LUCKNOW: If the plans of the Akhilesh Yadav government materialize, the state may soon have 10-12 more medical colleges. Senior officials in the medical education department reveal that the state government is working on a plan to set up a medical college at a population of 50 lakh, or each divisional headquarters. Some big cities have been shortlisted for this purpose, too.Keeping in mind the Lakshmanswami Mudaliar Committee recommendations which said that there should be a medical college for a population of 50 lakh, the state needs 40 medical colleges to render health services to its population of 19.95 crore.However, only ten government medical colleges are functional as of now in the state -- Lucknow, Kanpur, Allahabad, Meerut, Jhansi, Agra, Gorakhpur, Saifai, Ambedkarnagar and Kannuaj. Add to it the 14 private medical college and the number reaches 23, which is well short of the required number.As of now, five new medical college projects are in the pipeline. The colleges in Jalaun and Saharanpur are a pure government initiative under the special component plan while the remaining two -- Banda and Azamgarh -- are to be developed on a PPP model. Even if they were added, the state would have 28 medical colleges. In other words, there is a deficit of at least 12 colleges.Sources told TOI that that the government was looking forward to the public-private partnership model for the new medical colleges. A meeting of possible stake-holders and investors was held at the medical education directorate here on Thursday.The brainstorming session was to formulate a policy for a possible alliance between state government and private partners. \"We were just trying to shape a policy,\" said JP Sharma, principal secretary medical education.Sources said that the stake holders - some 60 in number representing 24 groups - have asked for facilities like development of the area where the new college has to come up.\"They meant construction of good roads, opening a good shopping complex and school for the wards of the teachers and employees,\" said an officer. The investors have also asked for tax exemptions for buying medical equipment and single window system for various permissions.It may be noted that this is not the first time that the government was looking for PPP in medical education. A similar effort during the Mayawati regime failed to deliver results. But officials prefer to be optimistic this time. \"Keeping the past in mind, we have begun by talking to the possible stake holders,\" said one the officers who participated in the meeting. He added that another brain storming session is slated to take place sometime next week.A retired officer in the medical education department however said that it is not going to be easy for the authorities. \"The existing medical colleges are in a bad shape following acute crisis of teachers. The government must first try to augment existing resources and then move on to opening more colleges,\" stated the retired officer.Preferring anonymity on the count, an officer presently associated with the process said that they were aware of the gaps. \"We discussed these aspects today in the meeting and would assess Tamil Nadu's model which has over 45 colleges,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15049722", "title": "Presidential election: BJD MLA\u2019s vote rejected", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Suspended BJD MLA Prabhat Biswal's vote in the Presidential election was rejected on Thursday after he allegedly showed the ballot paper after voting.The vote of Biswal, suspended from the ruling BJD for anti-party activities after the failed coup attempt against the Naveen Patnaik government in May, was rejected by presiding officer Amiya Sarangi.Biswal's vote was rejected on the ground that his ballot paper was shown to the presiding officer after the legislator from Cuttack-Chowdwar had cast his vote, Sarangi said, adding that as per rules one cannot show the ballot paper before dropping it in the box.Biswal, however, claimed that the ballot paper needed to be folded four times before being dropped in the box while he had folded it twice and would have completed the process before putting it in the box. \"It was not a deliberate act. It simply did not occur to me,\" Biswal said.BJD's agent present in the polling booth also did not raise any objection to the decision of the presiding officer to reject Biswal's vote. Another suspended MLA of BJD Bibhuti Balabantray, however, voted smoothly. BJD's Sarada Prasad Nayak, Anjali Behera and Sanjeev Sahoo, who had been dismissed from the ministry after the coup attempt, also voted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "15053625", "title": "Civic body unsuccessful in implementing complete ban on plastic bags", "text": "SURAT : It seems the Surat Municipal Corporation's (SMC) health department has been unsuccessful in implementing the ban on use of plastic bags below 40 microns in the diamond city.It has been a year since the new plastic waste (management and handling) rules, 2011, framed by the ministry of environment and forest, came into force but the SMC is yet to take concrete steps to implement it.This was evident on Thursday when the health department seized about 700 kilograms of banned plastic bags from seven municipal zones and collected fine amounting to Rs.2 lakh from the offenders, mostly vegetable vendors, shop owners and roadside eateries.A one day campaign was launched in all the seven municipal zones of the city, after more than four months, to curb the use of plastic bags with thickness less than 40 microns. Out of the seven municipal zones, the maximum seizure of the banned plastic bags weighing 300 kilograms was made from the diamond hub of Varachha followed by 113 kilograms in central zone, 89 kilograms in Athwa zone, 65 kilogram in Rander zone, 54 kilogram in Katargam zone, 31 kilogram each in Udhana zone and Limbayat zone respectively.Although the rules ban the use of plastic bags with thickness less than 40 microns, they continue to be ubiquitous in the diamond city. The rule also empower the municipal authorities to organize solid waste management systems in cities and perform associated functions such as safe collection, storage, segregation, transportation, processing and disposal of plastic waste.Official sources said that the city generates about 1200 ton of solid waste per day, which includes 138 ton plastic waste. About 90 per cent of the plastic waste consists of the banned plastic bags with thickness less than 40 microns, which has become a headache for the civic body for carrying out its proper disposal.The rule also empowers the municipal corporation to constructively engage agencies or groups working in the area of waste management. This would include rag pickers. However, the SMC is yet to take any initiative.Apart from choking drains and wastewater disposal outlets, plastic also causes digestive disorders in the domestic animals, such as stray cows, which can even lead to their death.\"From now on, we have decided to conduct the campaign to strictly implement the ban every fortnight\" said a senior officer with health department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15050697", "title": "Remove NCW chief, says Aruna Roy", "text": "JAIPUR: Rights activists on Thursday demanded removal of Mamata Sharma from the post of chairperson of National Commission for Women (NCW) for her alleged insensitive remarks against women. \"We demand from the PM and chairperson of Congress the removal of Sharma because never has the dignity of the NCW in the last 20 years been lowered so much as this time,\" the activists, including NAC member Aruna Roy, said in a joint statement issued here. The activists took strong objection to Sharma's comments on the July 10 Guwahati molestation incident.\"Instead of showing sympathy and concern for the victim, Sharma insensitively stated 'Women should be careful in dressing themselves'. This statement blames the victim rather than condemning the assailants,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chatra (jharkhand)", "code": "15054268", "title": "Top Maoist leader killed in Jharkhand's Chatra district", "text": "CHATRA (JHARKHAND): A Maoist leader, who carried Rs 17 lakh on his head, was killed by security forces in Chatra district's Kunda forest, the police said on Friday.Ajay Ganju, alias Parasji, who was a regional commander of the CPI (Maoist), was killed in a joint operation by the Jharkhand police and the CRPF late on Thursday night, Superintendent of Police Anup Birtheray said.While the Centre had put Rs 10 lakh on his head, the state government had announced an award of Rs 7 lakh for the Maoist who was allegedly involved in several Naxal-related violence and murder cases.The body has been recovered, the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "manesar", "code": "15050151", "title": "Maruti Suzuki's GM Awanish was an outstanding professional: Official", "text": "MANESAR: Awanish Kumar Dev, 49, general manager (HR), who died in the Wednesday evening clash between workers and the management at Maruti's Manesar plant, was described by a Maruti official on Thursday as an outstanding professional who was compassionate and committed to cordial industrial relations.An MBA from Xavier's Institute of Social Service, Dev had been working with Maruti for the past nine years. His wife, Saparna Dev, is a deputy director with the Union defence ministry and they have a 10-year-old son, Abhiyudeep. Dev was the eldest of two brothers and four sisters. His younger brother runs a medical store in Ranchi while his father is a practising homeopath.His family members flew to Delhi from Ranchi on Thursday to bring his body back home. Among those who have gone to bring back his body are his father, Rameshwar Sah, his mother, two brothers-in-law and a nephew. \"Awanish's parents left for Delhi in the afternoon after getting the sad news,\" said Ashok Barua, their neighbour in AG Colony, Doranda.The postmortem report has revealed that he died a gruesome death. According to the report, Dev had died of suffocation and burns which were 100% up to the bones. The tissues were all charred. There were multiple fractures on both his legs, which sources said, was brought on by agitators who broke his legs with an iron rod.Dr Deepak Mathur, forensic expert at Civil Hospital, said, \"It seems that he was severely beaten before death. The body continued to burn even after death.\" Dr Mathur added that even though it was almost confirmed that the deceased was Dev, his DNA samples have been preserved for identification purposes. The DNA samples of his father or son would be taken in a couple of days and send to the forensic lab for confirmation. Dev was reportedly recognized by one his relatives by his golden tooth.The body was handed over to the family on Thursday.A Maruti official said in a statement, \"Awanish was an outstanding professional and team member, compassionate, soft-spoken and deeply committed to cordial industrial relations. In the past year, he had been instrumental in the company taking far-reaching steps to enhance the wellbeing and working conditions of workers at the Manesar Plant\".\"We are deeply disturbed by the mob violence and arson at our Manesar Plant on Wednesday evening. Several executives, managers and supervisors were brutally attacked and injured, and nearly 100 of them had to be hospitalized,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "thanjavur", "code": "15049961", "title": "Online campaign to aid of Indian workers in Bahrain", "text": "THANJAVUR: The tragic end of his brother, M Pasupathi, who went to work in Bahrain, moved a man in rural Thanjavur district to take up the cause of hundreds of labourers stranded in the country through an online campaign. His lone voice earning support from thousands of people on the internet has resulted in 100 stranded workers from Bahrain being allowed to return home.On June 14, Pasupathi (33) from Poiundarpulikudi near Orathanadu in Thanjavur district hung himself in a public park in Bahrain. He went to work for a Bahrain-based company, Nass Corporation, three years ago, but had to quit working as he was suffering ill health. He was placed under a travel ban, and unable to return home, he took the extreme step. When the news reached, the family on June 16, the family was devastated and his elder brother M Shankar, who is working as a driver, wanted to do something against the factors that caused the death of his brother. He was aware that many like his brother are trapped in the country and wanted to take up their cause. He happened to meet his friend Surendran who runs a computer centre in the locality and he introduced him to Avaaz.org, a global online campaigning group. Together, they posted a petition on the website, inviting people to support them.In his petition posted in Avaaz, Shankar mentioned that his brother was one among over 100 Indians trapped in Bahrain by their abusive employer -- Nass Corporation. \"I couldn't save Pasupathi, but I have started this petition to fight for the rights of his friends who are captured and helpless. The Indian Embassy has asked Nass to lift the travel ban on its remaining 100 workers so they can return home, but they're refusing to listen,\" he said.His online petition, however, yielded the desired results as Nass Corporation agreed to lift the travel ban on its employees, absconding from work. In its official statement dated July 16, 2012, Nass Corporation announced that as a \"goodwill gesture\" and the company will not hereafter institute any legal proceedings against runaway workers except in cases of criminal offence committed by them. In addition, it will withdraw all court cases pending against runaway workers.Shankar told TOI that his brother Pasupathi had to quit work after he fell sick when the company assigned him on painting work. \"He went to Bahrain with huge hopes to lift our family out of poverty, but struggled there doing some petty jobs.He even called before his death, informing us that he will return and needed some money, but he ended his life,\" he said.Ricken Patel, executive director of Avaaz, said Nass Corporation has refused to budge on this for years but in just three weeks, people power has brought an end to the construction company's cruel ban. This is a huge victory for 20,000 people who stood with Shankar and pressured Nass Corporation to do the right thing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15054264", "title": "Enjoy princely cuisine of Mewar at Nawab Saheb", "text": "Get ready for a royal experience! Enjoy the authentic taste of Mewar against the beautiful backdrop of royal Indian set up at Nawab Saheb, Renaissance Mumbai Convention Centre Hotel.Explore and experience the culinary favorites of the Mewar as expert Chef Surjan Singh Jolly brings to you gastronomic jewels of the region. These delicacies have been crafted by chef after getting acquainted with the culture and cuisine of the region during his stay at Shiv Niwas Palace under the expert guidance of the Chefs of the palace.The restaurant has designed a special menu which is inspired by the Mewari cuisine. Starters include shikaar maas ka soola and ker sanger wadi, and sekma.The authentic maincourse consists of dishes like khad kokada, soweta degchi maas, Khada Desi Palak, Panchkuta, and sekma baati. Desserts like mawa kachori and Paniya Churio will melt in your mouth.To add a traditional zing to the dishes chef will be making and serving all the recipes in clay pots as was done traditionally to enhance the flavours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15052773", "title": "Bappaditya Bandopadhyay shoots for next", "text": "Kolkata doesn't stop inspiring film-makers. The latest to join the bandwagon is Bappaditya Bandopadhyay, who began shooting for \"Kolkata 2012\", a film that weaves eight stories of the marginalized to create a narrative about the city that can be both endearing and frustrating.\"The format of the film is interesting and I will not be giving equal billing to all the stories. While some of the stories will have a definite ending, others will not. Rupa Bhattacharya is playing a bus conductor and through her story, I want to explore the dynamics of what a man feels when his partner is in such a profession. There are so many women who work at petrol pumps or as conductors. I wonder how much of a struggle it is for them! I also want to explore the gender equations between a male driver and a female conductor,\" says the director.Says Rupa, who is playing this role, \"In the film, when my character has to get married, she is described as someone who works in the transport division in the matrimonial columns. But then, the suitors get put off when they learn that 'working in the transport division' means a conductor. Even her relationship breaks because the male ego can't accept her profession. Eventually, my character aspires to learn how to drive a bus!\"Shooting for this schedule of the film will be held till Sunday. \"We will start the next schedule in August. I will also shoot a thriller then,\" the director signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15049301", "title": "Illicit liquor unit raided, 3 held", "text": "BANGALORE: Two men and a woman were arrested by excise department in a raid on an illicit liquor manufacturing unit in Thippasandra, near Indiranagar, on Thursday evening.The arrested have been identified as Kalavati, Prasad and Sudhir. About 2,000 bottles of illicit liquor were seized. The bottles bore fake labels. About 3,000 litres of unbottled liquor too were seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "15051061", "title": "12 NSCN-IM linkmen caught in Assam", "text": "SILCHAR: In an overnight operation in Naga-dominated Lodhi village near Haflong in Dima Hasao district, security forces rounded up 12 linkmen of militant outfit NSCN(IM), four of them reported to be hardened rebels.A senior police official said that on the basis of a tip-off about the presence of Naga ultras in the village, jawans of 25 Assam Rifles and Assam Police on Wednesday evening jointly cordoned off the village and started a raid at 8pm which continued till 1am. During the operation, the cops arrested 12 linkmen of the NSCN(IM). Some arms and ammunition was also recovered from them. These included one bolt action rifle, 37 rounds of bullets of a 7.65 mm pistol, 250 gelatine sticks and some explosive materials. There was also a huge quantity of extortion notes in the name of the 'Government of the People's Republic of Nagaland (GPRN)' and a number of incriminating documents. Meanwhile, cops on Thursday morning arrested a self-styled area commander of NSCN(K) near Haflong. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15049530", "title": "CM to open Indian Council for Cultural Relations seminar today", "text": "PATNA: Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) would organize a three-day international seminar on 'Civilizational dialogue between India and ASEAN' and 'Merging Metaphors', an exhibition of paintings by ASEAN painters, here from Friday, said ICCR director general (DG) Suresh Kumar Goel on Thursday. Chief minister Nitish Kumar and ICCR president Dr Karan Singh would inaugurate the seminar, he said.Nobel laureate Prof. Amartya Sen will deliver the keynote address, Goel said. He said a common cultural and civilizational thread keeps India and the other South Asian countries together, as evident in their performing art, architecture, textile and many other aspects of culture. He said the seven sessions of the seminar would address various facets of the interaction between India and ASEAN, giving both the scholars and audience a chance to revisit and relive the dialogue and traditions from a fresh perspective.In collaboration with Nalanda University, it has been possible to rope in scholars from Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam, USA and India, he added.Regarding the 'Merging Metaphors', Goel said first it would be organized at the posh hotel and then at Patna Museum where it would continue for a week. He said the ICCR would regularly organize cultural programmes and painting exhibition at Patna to give local artists a chance to show their talent.Principal secretary, art, culture and youth affairs department, Anjani Kumar Singh, was also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15049628", "title": "UP to launch its state portal on August 1", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government has decided to launch the 'State Portal' on August 1, 2012 in all districts of Uttar Pradesh to transform the citizen-centric service delivery system through the use of Information and Communication Technology. After inaugurating the state level training workshop aimed at ensuring proper implementation of e-governance in UP, cChief secretary Jawed Usmani said, \"Shifting of government to public interface from offices to web-based portal is an extremely important initiative as it will mitigate the abuse of administrative power by incorporating transparent procedures based on IT.\" Stating that he will monitor implementation of this project himself, chief secretary added, \"All departments concerned should ensure that required infrastructure for development and training of officials is completed within time.\"Describing this e-initiative as momentous, infrastructure &amp; industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta pointed out, \"UP is the only big state to have adopted this IT-based citizen-specific service delivery system on this scale. Once started, it should be our endeavour to maintain the quality of services.\" He said that the government is of the view that distribution of laptops and tablets would expand the awareness of IT &amp; ITeS (IT enabled services) and holds enormous scope of employment generation in this sector, therefore, it requires constant upgrading and seamless coordination among the different departments.Starting next month, 26 services of eight departments will be made available to people across the state via single access point - State Service Delivery Gateway (SSDG) State portal through Common Service Centres (CSC) and Lokvani centres. Departments of Food &amp; Civil supplies, Training &amp; Employment, Handicap Welfare, Social Welfare, Panchayati Raj, Urban Development, Revenue and Women welfare and Child Development will provide 26 services including various applications and certificates related to Caste, Income, Domicile, Employment registration, Loan to Handicapped persons, Old age pension, Family benefit scheme, Marriage and illness grant, copy of Kutumb register, Birth/Death certificates, Khatauni, Ration Card, Pension for widows and Financial and Legal assistant to dowry sufferer women among others.Principal secretary, IT, Jiwesh Nandan informed that the state portal will have the provision of e-submission of applications for defined services, after that these applications will be processed by departments concerned and uploaded on portal again for requisition by the applicant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15053698", "title": "Zubin Mehta bestowed with high honour by Germany's ambassador", "text": "KOLKATA: German ambassador to India Michael Steiner will host a festive ceremony at his residence to bestow the Commander's Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany on maestro Zubin Mehta , in the presence of an eminent Indian audience.Through this high order, Germany acknowledges the outstanding contribution of Mehta in the field of classical music and promoting bilateral relations between India and Germany. Ambassador Steiner said: \"It is a great honour for me to award Zubin Mehta. Since decades, Mehta is not only one of the world's leading music directors, but also an outstanding cultural bridge builder between India and Germany. He is a true world citizen; at the same time, he has remained a true Indian. Despite all his successes, he has never lost track of his commitment to social issues. Mehta is a living role model for initiative, creativity and vision.\"From 1998 to 2006, Mehta was the admired music director of the Bavarian State Orchestra in Munich. The Indian-born musical maestro's German connection dates back to the early 1960s. At the age of 25, he was the youngest conductor directing the Berlin philharmonic orchestra in 1961 and has been associated with the ensemble for the past 50 years.The high Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany is awarded for an exceptional political, socio-economic or intellectual performance as well as for eminent social, charitable or humanitarian merits for Germany. Mehta has also been instrumental in bringing the two countries closer through music.In 2005, the maestro brought the Bavarian State Orchestra to India. With Mehta as conductor, the Bavarian State Orchestra enthralled the Indian audiences with various classical masterpieces. Last year he directed a benefit concert in Berlin by the city's reputed 'Staatskapelle' to support WWF's sustainability projects in Sikkim and Arunachal Pradesh. Mehta has also been the recipient of many German awards and honours over the years.In April 2008, the State of Bavaria honoured him with the Order of Maxmilian for his outstanding achievements in the artistic field. On October 2, 2011 he received the Echo Klassik in Berlin, for his life's work. The Munich Philharmonic (in 2004) and the Berlin Philharmonic (in 2006) awarded him the title of 'Honorary Conductor'.To add to the evening's aura, renowned Indian classical dancer Alarmel Valli will perform during the ceremony at the German ambassador's residence. Dancer and choreographer, Valli is known for her beautiful, perfectionist and, at the same time, enchanting Bharatnatyam performances. While having performed around the world, she has also been associated with Germany for several years.Valli has presented numerous shows in the country, including at the Millennium festival in Berlin, the Frankfurt Alte Oper, the Munich Opera Festival, the Hammoniale Festival in Hamburg, the Spring Festival at Darmstadt and at the Silver Jubilee celebrations of Pina Bausch's Wuppertal Dance Theatre. Immediately after Sunday evening's ceremony in Delhi, Mehta flies back to Europe to conduct Anton Bruckner at the Salzburg Festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049342", "title": "India to push for Fasih's deportation from Saudi Arabia", "text": "NEW DELHI: After failing to get suspected terrorist Fasih Mohammed extradited from Saudi Arabia, India has decided to formally move for his deportation from the Gulf country so that the role of Indian Mujahideen in several blasts in the country can be investigated.A decision on his deportation will be taken on Friday in a high level meeting at the home ministry, which will be chaired by home minister P Chidambaram. The meeting will focus on convincing Saudi Arabian authorities to deport him on the basis of documents showing his nationality as Indian and evidence collected by Delhi and Karnataka police showing his connivance in terror activities in India.From India's point of view, bringing Fasih back is very important as Delhi and Karnataka police have found his direct involvement in the September 2010 Jama Masjid attack and the Chinnaswamy Stadium blast in Bangalore in April the same year. The authorities were informed on Monday that Fasih could not be extradited to India because according to Interpol rules, \"an accused should be charge-sheeted in an Indian court and the court should take cognizance of that charge-sheet\".After the ministry decides to move for deportation on Friday, a team will leave for Saudi Arabia, where he is in custody. Fasih was detained by Saudi authorities in the last week of June. Sources said Fasih, an engineer from Bihar, played an important role in the Jama Masjid and Chinnaswamy Stadium attacks along with IM boss Ahmad Zarar Siddi Bappa alias Shahrukh.Delhi and Bangalore police have arrested at least 12 IM terrorists for these two attacks. Investigating agencies came to know about Fasih's movement in a Gulf country earlier this year after which a red corner notice was issued against him.There were reports that Fasih had disappeared from his house in Saudi Arabia after which his wife Nikhat Parveen approached the Supreme Court claiming her husband was in the custody of central security agencies. Parveen told the court that her husband was picked up by a joint team of Indian and Saudi officials on May 13 for his alleged terror links.India has already sent documents to Saudi Arabia showing his identity as an Indian national. \"It will now be tried to get him deported on the basis of his Indian citizenship documents,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049608", "title": "Be sensitive about 'pahadi' term: Bombay high court", "text": "MUMBAI: People can be sensitive about such remarks, the Bombay high court observed on Thursday, when told that a reason for a marriage breaking up was that the wife's father referred to the husband's family as 'pahadis' as they hail from Himachal Pradesh.A division bench of Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode heard a petition filed by Major Dheeraj Singh Dhumal challenging a family court August 31, 2010, order dismissing his plea for divorce. Dhumal and his wife Major Sushma are doctors and she serves at the Armed Forces Medical College, Pune, while he is posted in Delhi.The couple married on June 11, 1997 but Sushma moved to her parent's place in Pune for delivery of their son Sudheer, born on August 16, 1999. Post-delivery she suffered a brain haemorrhage and was hospitalized. Dhumal's parents came to see her and stayed over. His petition said she did not opt for spouse posting, and refused to join him, saying there was no better school for their autistic son. Dhumal filed for divorce in 2006, citing nine grounds for cruelty and desertion. The family court rejected his petition, saying they were not proved.Dhumal's advocate argued they have been staying separately for 12 years and their marriage had broken down irretrievably. But Sushma's advocate said she wanted the marriage to survive for the \"practical purpose'' of bringing up Sudheer.\"He has to be taken to the washroom every half hour. I can't take him to a male public washroom,\" she argued for Sushma.His advocate said there was no allegation of cruelty against Dhumal and neither of maltreatment by Sushma of their son. The judges wondered what was the cause for the marriage's breakdown. \"Simply differences, straw by straw, till the last straw on the camel's back,'' he said.Dhumal's advocate then said it was also due to the couple's cultural differences. He said Sushma's father called Dhumal's parents 'pahadis' and left no occasion to humiliate and taunt Dhumal and his family. \"To call somebody 'pahadi' is like calling somebody 'ghati', which is indicating the geographical background but is derogatory,'' his lawyer said. \"People are sensitive about such things,'' remarked Justice Kanade.Dhumal's petition said his father-in-law not only called them 'pahadis', which is a \"bad word'' but also commented on their food habits, saying \"they never get enough to eat''. It added that his parents and sister \"were driven out'' after 40 days. \"She did not feel sorry and instead felt proud of what she had done to the petitioner and his parents,'' it added. The family court rejected this as cruelty, saying if the father used humiliating words, she could not be blamed. The judges admitted the petition and expedited the final hearing.(Names changed to protect identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15049075", "title": "'Dabolim will continue after Mopa opens'", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Thursday gave a categorical assurance to the Goa legislative assembly that Dabolim airport would continue to function even after Mopa international airport begins operations.Parrikar gave the assurance following a starred question by Dabolim Congress MLA Mauvin Godinho regarding the status of Dabolim airport once Mopa airport started functioning.Godinho said he needed a \"categorical assurance\" that \"Dabolim will be a truly international airport even after Mopa started functioning\". Godinho said he was worried about the future status of the Dabolim airport because the original expansion plans of Dabolim airport seem to have been downscaled. For instance, instead of the 11 aero-bridges originally planned to be built at Dabolim, now only four were going to be built, he said.Godinho also pointed out that the central cabinet held a meeting, the minutes of which state that irrespective of Mopa airport, civilian flights would be allowed at Dabolim. Godinho said that the word \"civilian\" should be changed to \"commercial\" as only then could Dabolim continue commercial operations.Stating that \"Dabolim is an absolute must for Goa\" and that \"it has to be there\", Parrikar cited figures to highlight the importance of Dabolim. He said Dabolim handles 35 lakh tourists annually and 25,000 incoming and outgoing flights annually. The airports authority of India is spending around Rs 500 crore on the airport expansion and it will not close the airport after spending that kind of money, Parrikar said.The chief minister said he did not want to \"split hairs\" over the wording in the central cabinet's meeting but said he could write to get the \"civilian flights\" changed to \"commercial flights\".Parrikar said Mopa airport is important because it would serve a dire need of being a transport hub for the region around Goa. Neighbouring areas like Kolhapur, Hubli, etc had much agricultural produce which could be transported through Mopa. The airports in Mumbai were heavily booked and the profitability of Mopa will come from the airport being a cargo hub, Parrikar said, adding that this is not possible with Dabolim.Godinho also said that at the central government meeting, a decision was taken that the Navy would hand over 12.52 acres of land to the airports authority of India for expansion but not a single square inch of land had been handed over by the Navy.The chief minister said that the handing over of land by the Navy to the airports authority was the first point he raised when he met the Prime Minister recently. Parrikar, however, said that while the total land to be handed to the airports authority was 12.52 acres, only 2.52 acres was with the Navy. The balance area was with the state government and had been handed over the airports authority, Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15050322", "title": "Three-member panel to probe housing scam", "text": "PUNE: Pimpri Chinchwad municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi has appointed a three-member committee to probe the financial irregularities in the printing of application forms for civic body's housing scheme for the Economically Weaker Section (EWS).Pardeshi on Tuesday confirmed the appointment of the committee with joint commissioner Amrut Sawant as its head.A section of corporators had alleged that the firm, which printed the application forms, was paid Rs 38.75 lakh while forms worth only Rs 14.82 lakh were printed.In the legislative assembly on Tuesday, Independent MLA Vilas Lande raised a calling attention motion on the alleged financial irregularities.\"Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan then informed the assembly that the Pimpri Chinchwad municipal commissioner appointed a three-member committee to conduct a primary inquiry into the allegations, Lande said.The chief auditor and legal officer are also part of the panel, Lande added.Asked if the probe will include subjects of cost escalation and delay in completion of the project, Pardeshi said the civic body was waiting for state government directives.\"The assembly session will be over next week and the proceedings of the session will be finalized after that. The state government will send explicit directives about the subjects discussed during the session and demand action or information from civic bodies. We will wait for such directives before taking any specific action on our own.\"Shiv Sena corporator Seema Savale had written to Pardeshi demanding action against the civic officials responsible for the irregularities. On June 26, Savale received a reply from PCMC's slum eradication and rehabilitation department saying the commissioner has instituted a committee to probe into the irregularities and that a report will be submitted after preliminary probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15048980", "title": "Ex-DGCA Bharat Bhushan says his Kingfisher Airlines note missing, seeks probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bharat Bhushan, who was summarily removed as director general of civil aviation (DGCA) last week, has told his successor Prashant Sukul that he had indeed prepared a note for taking action against cash-strapped Kingfisher Airlines on safety grounds. Since the aviation ministry and the new DG have denied the existence of such a note, Bhushan has written to Sukul terming the disappearance a serious matter and asking him to probe it.Bhushan has sent copies of the letter to the cabinet secretariat and the civil aviation ministry.Now an additional secretary in the steel ministry, the 1979 batch IAS officer is learned to have made a noting on the Kingfisher file last Monday directing that a notice be issued to the airline. His fear was that being unable to pay salaries for months, the airline's safety may get compromised. He was removed a day later.The aviation ministry, however, denies that the motive to move out Bhushan and replace him with an interim DG was to save Kingfisher. The airline has also denied it had anything to do with his removal.Senior DGCA and ministry officials say the \"entire DGCA office has been searched for that note but it is nowhere to be found. In fact, the DGCA had given a clean chit to Kingfisher and after that there's no other observation from the regulator\".The damning\u2014and disputed\u2014note is learned to point out that the airline has failed to meet the recovery plans it gave to the DGCA. It adds that the safety audit of Kingfisher aircraft has raised engineering issues that have a bearing on safety. Concluding that safety is likely to be compromised if the airline continues in the same manner, Bhushan was in favour of serving a notice to Kingfisher asking it to either clear the substantial salary and other dues within a fortnight or face licence suspension.The ministry and the DGCA have denied that any such note exists. A senior ministry official said, \"This allegation seems to be an afterthought to give a spin to his (Bhushan's) removal. In fact, aviation minister Ajit Singh has asked Mallya himself to close down Kingfisher if he can't raise funds to run the airline. So there's no question of us saving the airline. Bhushan was moved out of the post as the government gave him an extension till December while we had suggested someone else's name for that position. A copy of that note attached by Bhushan with his letter to Sukul is a printout and not a copy of some file.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15050965", "title": "Nodal officers to visit five drought-affected taluks", "text": "Mysore: The district administration has appointed nodal officers at hobli level to look after the five taluks which are declared as drought-hit by the government . The officers will focus on addressing various problems like shortage of drinking water and fodder in these areas. Nodal officers will visit the hoblis on Friday and prepare a report on the problems to ensure effective implementation of relief measures. The report will be submitted to the commissioner on Saturday. District water shed officer will act as a nodal officer for H D Kote taluk while zilla panchayat chief project director will visit Hunsur taluk. Joint director of horticulture department will take care of K R Nagar taluk. For Mysore taluk, project director of the zilla panchayat will be the nodal officer. Assistant commissioner of Mysore (Nanjangud), zilla panchayat assistant project director (Piriyapattana) and zilla panchayat assistant secretary (T Narsipura) will act as nodal officers for the respective taluks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15048768", "title": "15-year-old held for two-wheeler theft", "text": "NAGPUR: A teenager, just enrolled in college after SSC examination, was rounded up by Pachpaoli police on Thursday for allegedly stealing a scooter. After his parents expressed their helplessness, the teengot the two-wheeler for himself by stealing. The police later recovered the bike from Buddha Nagar.Sources from Pachpaoli police station said constables Umesh Khobragade and Suresh Chavan had received information that a teen was using a stolen two-wheeler after changing its registration number. Following tip-off, cops picked up Rahul (name changed) for questioning and discovered he had stolen the bike belonging to a telephone exchange employee. The theft took place on June 26 when the scooter was left parked near Indora. An offence was already registered at the police station after the theft.Police said Rahul was desperate for a two-wheeler after he passed his tenth examination but his parents had turned down his requests on number of occasions. This left him unhappy. Police said Rahul had told his parents the two wheeler belonged to a friend. Crestfallen parents procured bail for Rahul after cops presented him before the special judge for juvenile cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15049873", "title": "Fans remember superstar Rajesh Khanna", "text": "KANPUR: Rajesh Khanna was fondly remembered by his fans in the industrial city. People bid adieu to their favourite star with tears in eyes. Fans remained glued to the TV sets to witness news related to him.People of all ages paid tribute to Rajesh Khanna. Oldies recalled Kaka's superhits like Aaradhana, Anand, Namak Haram, Kati Patang and other films, the memories of the charming hero was shared by youngsters through SMSes. The messages read 'Let us pray for the Bollywood's first superstar Rajesh Khanna. May God grant him paradise', 'May his soul rest in peace'.Akansha, an ardent fan of Rajesh Khanna said, \"Among the heros of 70s, Rajesh Khanna was the best. He was a romantic hero and had to his name several hits. His demise has left me and my parents shocked.\"The craze for Rajesh Khanna remained at its peak among the youngsters who said that his movie songs are melodious. \"We love to listen to songs of 'Kaka' despite the fact that he was not a hero of our times. As we have liking for Shahrukh Khan or any other superstar of present generation, we have a lot of respect for Rajesh. We like his movies Anand and Aaradhana the most. His death has come as a shock to us,\" said Prashant, a youngster.The tech-savvy youngsters searched for Rajesh Khanna's complete profile on Google. His songs were downloaded from prominent websites like You Tube.\"He was very popular among women. Incidents took place where girls used to write letters to him in blood,\" said Rajni, a housewife. Kaka's movie Anand was very touching and his role as a cancer patient in it was well appreciated by movie buffs.\"Mera Sapnoo Ki Rani Kab Aayegi Tu... has been my favourite song for several years. Apart from this, I have a huge collection of his songs which I listen and keep on updating in my collection,\" said Pankaj, a fan of Khanna. The prince charming of his time had set a record of 15 consecutive hits.The members of Khatri Sabha also held a condolence meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15054223", "title": "Men rule film industry", "text": "Lillete Dubey says the film industry is very male dominated, which is why she has restricted her choice of roles in films now. \"Irrespective of all the claims we stake at our actresses having become very empowered and many female centric roles being written for actresses, blah blah...fact is, men still lead the film industry. In that respect, whether we talk about the lead actors or senior characters, men always play more important roles.\"This explains why Lillete has accepted fewer films in the recent past and stuck to theatre instead. \"Theatre is not like films. It gives me an equal platform like the men. Besides, the versatility of roles in theatre is remarkable and keeps me interested. Otherwise, I tend to get bored easily,\" she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15050699", "title": "No takers for RTE reservation in Hubli", "text": "Hubli: Seats under the RTE Act quota are going abegging in Hubli. While some schools received at least 2-3 applications, there were others that never got any.The poor response has only left the education department all the more confused. Most schools point their fingers at the district administration and the education departmens for their alleged failure to create awareness among parents on RTE.According to sources, 179 students got admission in various schools under the RTE Act and only 6 to 7 % students got admission against the actual quota of 25% in Hubli.Speaking to TOI, L G Patil, superintendent, block education office, Hubli, said that there are nearly 55 primary schools in the city.\"We have approved all 179 applications received from parents seeking seats under RTE quota. Though we did our best to spread awareness, the response has been poor. We admit that more awareness should have been created to attract students. Next year we will go about creating awareness in a bigger way,\" he said.Varada Byhatti, principal, Chinmaya Vidyalaya, said that the school did not get a single application for the RTE quota. \"Lack of awareness is the culprit,\" Byhatti said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15050820", "title": "Industrialists take up problems with PPCB chief", "text": "LUDHIANA: City industrialists shared their grievances and concerns with the chairman of Punjab Pollution Control Board (PPCB) on Thursday. Ravinder Singh was on a visit to launch a help desk for industrialists on Gill Road. This help desk would provide no objection certificates (NOC) to industrialists without any hassle.Gathered at Punjab Trade Centre in Miller Ganj, the industrialists apprised the PPCB chairman of the complications they face regarding consent fee to be filed with PPCB and while availing site appraisal committee's (SAC) permission.CEO of Ludhiana Effluent Treatment Society Joginder Kumar, director Chander Prakash Sabharwal and secretary Ashok Kumar Gupta discussed the ambiguities in SAC and consent fee. Kumar said the industrialists have to pay consent fee every month, but the procedure is a tedious one, which makes it a huge problem for them and the owners of small units. \"The consent fee should be taken for a longer period instead of being charged monthly and the fee structure must be made more transparent,\" he added.Sabharwal said it is not mandatory for the units located at non-designated industrial areas according to the master plan-2018 to get SAC permission. Even the units established before 1988 do not need the permit, he added.The PPCB chairman said these issues have been discussed with the boarda??s principal secretary, who has been directed to ensure the industrialists do not face problems with SAC permission and consent fee.Singh said 13 similar help desk counters would be set up across the state to provide NOCs to industrialists easily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15049975", "title": "Ex-DMK MLA undergoes medical test in rape case", "text": "TRICHY: The former Perambalur MLA of the DMK, M Rajkumar, and three of his accomplices underwent a semen test on Thursday at KAP Viswanathan government medical college (KAPVGMC) in Trichy in compliance with a court direction in connection with the rape and murder of a minor girl.The police team brought the accused persons Rajkumar, Jaisankar, Anbarasan and Mahendran to the medical college on Thursday morning. All of them have been lodged in Central prison, Trichy, after they were arrested on July 13 in Perambalur on charges of raping and murdering 15-year-old C Sathiya from Peermedu, Idukki district, Kerala. The girl was working as a maid at Rajkumar's residence from June 23 2012, and died under mysterious circumstances on July 6, at the Government hospital in Theni. However, the post-mortem report pointed out that the girl had been sexually abused. So, the police registered a case against five persons and arrested four of them. One more accused, Panneer Selvam, a broker, is still absconding.Meanwhile, the court trial was on in the judicial magistrate court in Peramabalur on Wednesday. The court directed the police to produce the accused persons in KAPVGMC, Trichy, on Thursday and make them undergo medical examinations that included potency, semen, blood and saliva tests so that they can be analysed along with the post-mortem report of the deceased girl.The tests were being conducted one by one for them till 4 pm from the morning. Rajkumar skipped meeting media persons waiting in the medical college campus. Later, they were sent back to jail.When contacted, Dr A Karthikeyan, dean of KAPVGMC said, \"We have performed the potency test and blood grouping for them and issued certificates immediately. We have also sent samples of semen and saliva of the accused to the forensic laboratory as they would match the samples with the post-mortem report of the girl.\"A constable Kannan from Perambalur town police station was placed under suspension a few days ago for trying to protect the accused persons in the rape case.N Balasubramanian, who was the DSP in charge, confirmed his suspension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15049986", "title": "Floatel returns to its mooring after 2 months", "text": "KOLKATA: It was a rare sight on the Hooghly on Thursday when a four-storied 'building' rode the tide towards Strand Road. The clearance from the topmost point of the structure to the lowest point of Vidyasagar Setu was barely 30-40 feet. The \" sailing building\" was, in reality, a ship without an engine - the country's only floating hotel - returning after repairs from Netaji Subhas Dock.Floatel returned to its mooring along Strand Road after nearly two months. This was the first time in seven years that the floating hotel had left its mooring and people had actually started missing it.\"In the last seven years, we catered to more than 11 lakh guests. No wonder, we were missed. For us, safety of our guests is paramount and as the Floatel is actually a ship, it has to be surveyed by the Indian Registry of Shipping every seven years (after extension). It left for the dry dock on May 15 and we had expected it to return by June. Unfortunately, the repairs and renewals could not be completed in time due to the tremendous heat. Everything is in order now and we shall start welcoming guests in the next few days,\" said Manab Pal, MD of Manor Floatel Ltd.According to Pal, his company is planning cruises on the Hooghly in a unique wooden barge designed like the one owned by Rabindranath Tagore's family in Shilaidaha. The 100-seater barge will sail up to Belur Math from the Floatel.\"The menu will be from the kitchens of Shilaidaha and Thakurbari. The items will be specially chosen from the cookbooks by Pragya Sundari Devi. We shall also have cultural programmes based on Tagore's works on board. We hope to launch this service within a year,\" Pal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15050596", "title": "New project to restore ecological status in state", "text": "JAIPUR: After mining denuding the topography ruthlessly, there is hope for the Aravalis and Vindhya ranges in the state as Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF) undertakes restoration of ecological status through reforestation. The project would also increase green cover, improve water table and augment the economy of the villagers besides reducing dependence on the forests.The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) on Wednesday sanctioned Rs 284.33 crore for the first phase of the greening project. The total outlay is more than Rs 900 crore which will be distributed in three phases to the forest department. The prime focus of the project 'Development of Water Catchment through Greening of Rajasthan under RIDF-XVIII', would be in situ soil and moisture conservation, enhancement of agriculture productivity in rainfed non-forest areas on the fringes of forest land, augmentation of availability of fuel wood, fodder and small timber in addition to providing water for drinking purposes.According to A C Choubey additional principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF) project formulation and co-ordination, \"The project would be implemented in forest lands in the districts which were not covered under the Rajasthan Forestry &amp; Bio-diversity Project (RFBP) Phase-II funded by the Japanese government. An outlay of Rs 988.56 crore for a period of five years has been proposed.\" The project that has to be executed in this financial year has been approved by the state government and is under active consideration by NABARD, he said.It may be noted that the RFBP project also deals with the fringe areas of seven protected areas in Rajasthan in addition to 15 districts in which it was to be implemented.The NABARD supported project would take up afforestation in the degraded forest area with the aim of its conversion to green reservoir for water retention. The villages located within two km from the fringe of the forest and wild life area would be receiving outlets and the water would be available for drinking purposes as well as irrigation.Besides the horticulture plantation proposed under this project would lead to increased production of fruits.\"This would increase agriculture production in the area and as a spin off improve the economy of the inhabitants of the village,\" said Choubey. The 17 districts covered under project would be Alwar, Bharatpur, Dausa, Karauli, Dholpur, Sawai Mmadhopur, Tonk, Ajmer, Bundi, Baran, Kota, Jhalawar, Chittorgarh, Pratapgarh, Rajsamand, Udaipur and Sirohi.eomJaipur: After mining denuding the topography ruthlessly, there is hope for the Aravallis and Vindhya ranges in the state as Rural Infrastructure Development Fund, RIDF undertakes restoration of ecological status through reforestation. Add to that, utopian as the project sounds, it would increase green cover, improve water table and augment the economy of the villagers besides reducing the dependence on the forests.The NABARD on Wednesday sanctioned an amount Rs. 284.33 cr in the first phase of the greening project. The total outlay is more than Rs. 900 cr which will be distributed in three phases to the forest department. The prime focus of the project 'Development of Water Catchment through Greening of Rajasthan under RIDF-XVIII', would be in situ soil and moisture conservation, enhancement of agriculture productivity in rainfed non-forest areas on the fringes of forest land, augmentation of availability of fuelwood, fodder and small timber in addition to providing water for drinking purposes.According to A C Choubey addl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15051100", "title": "Ruling coalition divided in state", "text": "RANCHI: Despite the BJP leading the coalition government comprising Jharkhand Mukti Morcha , All Jharkhand Students' Union (AJSU) and long-time partner JD(U), the alliance partners went their own separate ways and there was apparently no effort to bring consensus among them during the presidential elections on Thursday.Pointing to the long-term 'differences' despite which the government in state has survived state BJP spokesperson Pradeep Sinha said this was not the first time when the alliance partners have demonstrated internal democracy by going their own way. \"It was during Jamshedpur Lok Sabha bypolls that the alliance partners contested on their own, it was again during the Rajya Sabha elections that BJP did not compel its partners to compromise on their stands to save the government. This time also BJP being the largest single party allowed its partners to use their conscience in casting vote for the presidential candidate,\" he said.JD(U) , the main constituent of the NDA and oldest partner of BJP at the national level, despite deciding to vote in support of Congress candidate Pranab Mukherjee said their hearts were still together. \"The NDA never gave a candidate for the presidential election, instead the BJP made up its mind to support PA Sangma midway and, in that case, our party decided to support Mukherjee for his competency and integrity,\" said state JD(U) spokesperson Pramod Mishra. He pointed out that the NDA has been together as was evident from the decision to support Jaswant Singh in the vice-president election. \"Since the NDA announced his name as the official candidate JD(U) had no hesitation supporting him,\" Mishra claimed.Deputy CM and AJSU chief Sudhesh Mahato stressed that presidential elections has nothing to do with politics at state level. \"An effort was made at the national level to elect the president consensually but old partners of the BJP too were not convinced with their logic of supporting Sangma,\" he said adding it was purely because of competence of the candidate that AJSU chose to vote for Mukherjee. \"This decision of AJSU must not be seen as supporting Congress,\" he said. For the vice president election he said that separate meeting would be held within party and with the alliance partners to take a final decision", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15049741", "title": "'He beat me up like an animal'", "text": "Even as the entire nation was shamed by the molestation of a teenage girl on the streets of Assam recently, 22-year-old Anjali Sethi recounts a harrowing tale of torture to Binita Jaiswal as she lies recuperating at SCB Medical College and Hospital with 50% burn injuries after being allegedly set ablaze by her constable husband for dowryQ: How did it all happen?A: I am a native of Diakuda village in Puri district. My husband Jitendra Sethi was deployed as a constable in the neighbouring Maluda police outpost. He used to follow me around and had expressed his desire to marry me. But he was not from my caste and so I was not interested in him. Last year, I had gone to Satapada to attend a relative's wedding and he followed me there. One morning I had gone to the fields to answer the call of nature. Taking advantage of the situation, he kidnapped me from Satapada. He took me to Madhuban area and kept me in a rented house. Meanwhile, a rumour spread across my village that I had eloped with a man of lower caste. No one came to my rescue, not even my parents wanted me back. So I had no other option but to live with him. Then I got to know that he was already married and also had a son. That was another shock for me. But somehow he convinced me that he did not love his wife and had already filed a divorce petition in the court. Later, he took me to Nayagarh and we got married in a temple in April. Initially, for a few days he took very good care of me and we were both happy. But as the days passed, his real character started coming to the fore. He was an alcoholic and started abusing, torturing and beating me. He was always bullying me to go and ask my father for money, but as I refused to fulfill his demands he used to beat me black and blue like an animal. In the meantime, his first wife, who is also a constable, lodged a complaint against him in the police station for marrying a second time after which he was suspended from his job. Subsequently he turned more violent. The entire day he used to drink alcohol and torture me. My life had turned a hell. One day in October there was a heated argument between the two of us over the issue of dowry. In a fit of anger he poured kerosene on me from the stove and set me on fire. I screamed and started calling neighbours for help. As people gathered, my husband tried to douse the flames and sustained burn injuries on his palms but I suffered 50% burn injuries in the incident. We both underwent treatment at a Puri hospital. But as his injuries were minor he was discharged early from the hospital. He left me in the hospital alone and fled. There was no one to help me. I called up my parents and they finally came to take care of me . They brought me back home but due to burn injuries my neck and hands had turned stiff. I was not able to move my hands.In the meantime, my husband started coming to my house again. He begged forgiveness and professed to have turned a new leaf after the incident. He pleaded with me not to file a police complaint against him as he said he had realized his mistake. My heart melted and I forgave him. Besides, I did not want to be a burden on my poor parents. In fact, I made the biggest mistake of my life by trusting him for the second time.Q: Did normalcy return to your married life after that?A: No, as I said, I committed the biggest mistake of my life by trusting him for a second time. My condition was so bad that I was not able to move my neck and hands. I was in a lot of pain and trauma. But my husband was so inhuman that he did not feel pity on me. One night he forced himself upon me and I got pregnant. And when he came to know about my pregnancy, he again deserted me. I am four months pregnant now. He has just ruined my life.Q: How did you manage to reach SCB hospital?A: My condition was really bad. As am I the only daughter of my parents they could not see me in pain. My poor parents begged local politicians for help and managed to collect some money. A group of Samaritans also helped and got me admitted in the plastic surgery department of the hospital. The doctors have recently conducted plastic surgery on my neck and hands.Q: Have you lodged a police complaint against your husband?A: My parents tried to lodge a complaint at Kumbharpada police station but the police officials did not accept it. My husband was a constable, so the police is not registering a case against him. However, my father has filed petitions with the State Commission of Women , state human rights commission and the state DGP. But so far no action has been taken against him.Q: What If your husband apologizes once again?A: This time I am not going to forgive him. I do not want to stay with him anymore.Q: Do you want any help from the state government?A: I want justice. Stringent action should be taken against my husband and he should be punished for all his misdeeds. He is a demon. Stern action should be taken against him. Moreover, my father is a poor farmer and does not have enough money for my treatment. I would be really grateful if the government provides money for my treatment.Q: What are your future plans?A: Once I am out of the hospital I will fight for justice. After undergoing so much pain I have become stronger. But at the same time, I am also worried about the future of my child. I am four months pregnant and I want to provide a good life to my child. The only reason why I am alive today is because of the baby to be born. I am just a matriculate but I will try to find myself a job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053943", "title": "Ritu Singh is the new Item Queen", "text": "The Beauty Queen of Punjab, Ritu Singh is now venturing into Bhojpuri films. Having done almost 200 music videos for Hindi, Bhojpuri and Punjabi she is now making her debut in Bhojpuri film. Produced under home production of Harish Jaiswal, Item Queen is the movie with which she will start her career in Bhojpuri film industry.Ritu Singh says, \"Harish wanted a new face for the movie. He saw me and contacted me and I immediately said yes! Bhojpuri Cinema is getting recognised and acclaimed everywhere and I am all set to jump into this industry.\"We wish Ritu a very bright future ahead! Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15050654", "title": "JDA plans G+7 buildings in upcoming affordable housing schemes", "text": "JAIPUR: For optimum utilization of available land in Model 4 buildings of the upcoming affordable housing schemes, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) is planning to construct G+7 high rises. On Thursday, JDA officials gave directions to prepare an expression on interest (EOI) in this regard.In Model 4 affordable housing schemes, the developer will construct the buildings on government land. The JDA has identified 14 such government land in a consolidated area of the city for constructions under this model.\"Initially, the detailed project report (DPR) will be prepared for 12 sites proposed for construction,\" an official said. On two sites, the JDA will have a different plan to save a large number of trees. \"The JDA can utililize maximum areas after constructing G+7, approximately 9,000 houses of all categories. In the current G+3 model, the JDA can only build 4,000 houses, now we can accommodate more people on the available land,\" the official said.According to the officials who held a meeting in this regard, discussions on provision of elevators were made as the National Buiding Code provides for such facilities in high rises. Discussions were also made not to pass on the burden to the residents if elevators were to be fitted. However, sources in the department said the proposal to install elevator might not be feasible as the developer would not show interest to maintain it as there is no dedicated fund.Sources also claimed that a decision to increase the fund of the developers is expected to taken during a meeting on July 21.Recently, the developers had threatened to withdraw the scheme. They claimed that due to increase in prices of construction material, the builders are facing a loss of Rs 40,000 per unit and still the state government is not increasing the prices as mentioned in memorandum of understanding. The uilders are also unwilling to take up more units on similar rates.\"Under Clause 41 of the tripartite agreement, it was mentioned that in case of extra-ordinary price escalation, the state government would have the authority to revise the construction cost suitably,\" a developer involved in the scheme said.\"However, the government is ignoring this aspect of the agreement despite the developers highlighting it in several meetings. Since the project has started, the cost of construction has increased by Rs 125 per sq ft which the developers are bearing at present,\" the developer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15050531", "title": "HC sets deadline to CBI for Rohtak shelter home probe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday set a deadline of two months for the CBI to complete its investigations into the alleged sexual exploitation of inmates at the Rohtak-based shelter home.It also directed the CBI to deal with this case with utmost care and caution to protect the privacy of the inmates majority of whom are minors.Directions were also issued to the Haryana's department of women and child development to provide requisite medical aid, treatment and rehabilitation to the inmates of shelter home.Division bench headed by acting chief justice Jasbir Singh issued the directions, while disposing of a petition filed by child rights activist and a Chandigarh-based lawyer Utsav Bains.The HC also directed Haryana to hand over the medical reports of inmates to the CBI.The medical examination of all the 101 inmates was conducted by the PGI Rohtak on court directions.Meanwhile, counsel for the Haryana government also handed over the status reports of the matter prepared by the special investigation team (SIT) of Haryana police to CBI counsel.On May 9, following tip off by three girls who had escaped from Apna Ghar and reached Delhi, the NCPCR team had raided the Rohtak shelter home and found sexual exploitation of inmates in the hands of its caretaker Jaswanti and others.Ten persons, including Jaswanti, her brother Jaswant, daughter Simmi, cousin sister Sheila, son-in-law Jai Bhagwan, driver Satish and Veena, a counselor have been arrested in the case. Even a four-member probe panel constituted by the HC had also found large-scale exploitation of children by Jaswanti and his family members inside Apna Ghar.The CBI had taken over the investigation of the case on July 13 after Haryana had requested the Centre on June 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15051626", "title": "Medical college ICH unit may shut shop", "text": "THRISSUR: The Indian Coffee House (ICH) unit situated at the Thrissur new medical college compound may soon have to shut shop. The annual contract between the medical college hospital's Hospital Development Society (HDS) and ICH, which sells all food items at subsidized rates, will lapse in December. And the HDS plans to call an open tender to run the facility from next year, sources said.The unit sells all its food items in subsidized rate to all customers, including doctors, students, medical college employees and public and also provides hot water and rice soup to patients free of cost.ICH had three units in the medical college compound till last year. One of the units, situated near the Chest Hospital was closed down, as the authorities failed to provide a building. \"The closed unit was running in an old building. Our requests to allot the new building situated near our unit or allow us to renovate the old building were unheard. Their denial to our requests forced us to close down the unit last year. Interestingly, the HDS recently invited an open tender to restart the hotel and the tender was one by a private team at Rs 35.5 lakh. The private team opened the hotel this month in the same building that was denied to us. And they sell their food items without any subsidy to even the medical college employees,\" said Sarojakshan A, Senior Manager, Indian Coffee House, Thrissur Medical College.The ICH sells meals at Rs 25 for public and Rs 18 for MCH employees, doctors and students. \"Our rates for tea, coffee, masala dosa and fish curry for public are Rs 6, Rs 7, Rs 20, and Rs 15, respectively. Almost all the food items are sold in subsidized rate and we are actually losing nearly Rs 3 lakh every month due to concession. However, ICH is a co-operative firm and we don't expect from any unit situated near medical colleges in the State,\" he said.When contacted, Dr K Balagopal, superintendent of Thrissur MCH, said its government's policy to carry out open tender for all commercial establishments in MCHs in the State. \"The open tender will bring a good amount of money that can be utilized for developmental activities. If the ICH is selling food for subsidized rate, their food is also substandard, when compared to food in ICHs outside. We have already decided to follow the government order (GO) on open tender and also plan to allot more hotel units in the compound,\" he said.The ICH authorities have already approached the health minister and cooperative minister for help in the matter.At the same time, HDS is already receiving blames from hospital employees and students for allotting a private hotel that denies concession.\"The new hotel by private party doesn't even have a food price board. Huge amount of bribe is involved in the entire tender and contract deals in the medical college and the same will follow in this case too, if the authorities decide to permit private parties to start hotels,\" said a hospital staff requesting not to disclose his identity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15049886", "title": "It\u2019s a period of long dry spell: Experts", "text": "KANPUR: The people anxiously wait for the eluding rain every day. The meteorological experts are still hoping that these long dry spell might get replaced with long wet spells. According to them, both wet and dry spells are necessary in monsoons in order to maintain a proper ecological balance.The people have started thinking that monsoons have gone while many think that they haven't came in the region till now. But according to the weather experts, the monsoon currents reached late this year. Also, the gaps in rain may be long dry spells, which soon will get replaced with a long wet spells.\"Several people contacted me and queried as to why it is not raining? The only answer is that it is a period of dry spell and it will rain again,\" said Anirudh Dubey of CSA.People became worried when it doesn't rain simultaneously in the monsoon season. Most of us forget to think about the adverse factors of continuous rains.The conditions are serious this year as average rainfall is quite less in comparison to past few years. The monsoon had arrived in the region nearly 15 days late. It rained heavily in a few parts of the region while many places are still waiting to get sufficient showers.The agricultural experts advised the farmers not to waste time in waiting for rain for paddy transplantation. Farmers are advised to think about transplantation of other crops in the field like black and green gram, millet, pigeon-pea etc, which are of same importance as paddy.\"The fields are containing optimum level of moisture due to the previous rains and farmers can plan for the transplantation of millet and pulses,\" another expert C B Singh said.The dry spells are also necessary for day-to-day life. The worse effects of continuous rain is floods. Hence to ensure better agricultural production and smooth life, both the wet and dry spells are necessary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15049365", "title": "Unidentified body fished out from school well at Uthlasarin Thane", "text": "THANE: The body of a man believed to be in his early 50s was fished out from a 40-ft-deep well at a municipal school in Uthlasarin Thane (W) here on Thursday. Fire brigade officials dispatched a team of divers into the 40-feet deep well to retrieve the body of the drowning victim.The well had been covered with an iron net.Locals said the school premises were being misused by anti-social elements ever since the building has been declared unsafe for occupation and the classes shifted elsewhere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15051105", "title": "In US, girls getting hooked to hookah", "text": "WASHINGTON: One out of four college girls in the US are hooked on to the hookah during early years, and many of them mistakenly believe that it is safer than cigarettes, a new study has found. Researchers from the Miriam Hospital's Centre for Behavioural and Preventive Medicine found the more alcohol girls consumed, the more likely they were to try the hookah, which originated from India and Persia.Women who used marijuana engaged in hookah smoking more frequently than their peers, according to the journal of Psychology of Addictive Behaviours.The phenomenon was mostly prevalent among the first year college students.Many of them also mistakenly believe that hookah is safer than cigarettes, even though its use has been linked to many of the same diseases caused by cigarette smoking, including lung cancer, respiratory illness and periodontal disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15048179", "title": "Vidarbha Express hits coach, 3 die", "text": "MUMBAI: Three people died and nearly 80 passengers of the Vidarbha Express were injured after it collided with the derailed coach of a local train near Kasara on Thursday.The sequence of events leading to the mishap started with a landslide derailing four coaches of a Central Railway suburban train a little before 9.30pm. The derailment happened between Kasara and Umbermali stations. A couple of these coaches, witnesses said, came to occupy a part of the neighbouring tracks used by long-distance trains.The Mumbai-Gondia Vidarbha Express was scheduled to cross the stretch around 9.30pm. Passengers said the driver applied the emergency brake but it was too late to stop the engine of the long-distance train from hitting the derailed coaches.The impact of this collision threw one of the coaches of the Vidarbha Express on top of another coach and led to the derailment of its engine. Officials confirmed at least three deaths and said around 80 passengers of these two coaches were injured. The first derailment of the suburban train coaches and the collision with the long-distance train happened in a span of 90 seconds, officials added.\"Four coaches of the N-30 Kasara-Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus local derailed between Kasara and Umbermali stations on Kalyan-Igatpuri section of Mumbai division on CR a little before 9.30pm,\" a senior CR official said. \"The Mumbai-Gondia Vidarbha Express, which was travelling towards Kasara after leaving CST, hit one of the derailed coaches resulting in derailment of the engine of the Vidarbha Express.\"Nitin Pakhale, a commuter traveling in S-5 coach of the Vidarbha Express, said, \"The engine driver had to apply emergency brake as he saw the derailed coach of the suburban train quite late because of the total darkness. Coach S-9 went atop coach S-10 because of this, resulting in injuries to passengers of these two coaches.\"Senior CR officials rushed to the spot but they admitted blinding rain and near-zero visibility hampered rescue operations substantially. A Medical Van was ordered to rush to the spot immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049667", "title": "Raheja wins appeal against Wadia in Malad land case", "text": "MUMBAI: Real estate baron G L Raheja won a significant victory against industrialist Nusli Wadia when the Bombay high court on Thursday allowed his company, Ferani Hotels, to build on 460-acre land in Malad and sell the premises, without conditions. Wadia said he would appeal against the order before the Supreme Court.The developer has been embroiled in a legal tussle with Wadia, the sole administrator of the plot, worth Rs 20,000 crore. The HC set aside a two-year-old order of a single judge restraining Raheja from handing over the possession of any structure his firm built on the land without Wadia's nod. Among the properties constructed on 350 acres of the land are Infinity Mall, Interface Complex, Infinity IT Park, and Palm Court Complex. But taking away the partial relief granted by Justice Roshan Dalvi to Wadia, a bench of Justice D Y Chandrachud and Justice R D Dhanuka said an \"injunction to preclude sale and possession without consent of parties would bring the entirety of projects virtually to a standstill\".The dispute centres around a 1995 agreement between Wadia and Ferani Hotels that allowed K Raheja Construction to develop the E F Dinshaw land in Malad and pay 12% of the gross sale proceeds to Wadia.The HC bench has directed that \"to secure Wadia's share\", Raheja must continue depositing the 12% share. The court held the intention of the two parties was to sell to \"genuine third parties\" as contended by Wadia.The court held the intention of both parties was to sell to \"genuine third parties\" as contended by Wadia.The HC appointed a commissioner, retired HC judge S K Shah to record evidence of all past deals and submit a report in three months. Once the report is ready, within three months, a judge will have to decide the preliminary issue of if Wadia's claim in his suit in suit is barred by the law of limitation that places a three-year bar against initiating cases for relief in monetary disputes.Raheja said disagreement arose in 2000 and Wadia approached the court eight years later. At the centre of the protracted dispute is a 1995 agreement between Wadia and Ferani Hotels by which the K Raheja Constructions group company was allowed to develop the land and give 12% of gross sale proceeds to Wadia.In 2008, Wadia terminated the 1995 deal claiming the developer had breached it by \"fraudulently selling to own nominees and not genuine third parties\". He moved the HC that yearto prevent further construction by Raheja and sought damages of Rs 1,370 crore saying the power of attorney granted to Raheja was misused to deprive him of his 12% share by undervaluing the deals. Refuting the allegation, Ferani said it paid Wadia Rs 223 crore, an amount he was entitled to.In 2010, Justice Dalvi said a fraud, if any, came to light in 2000 and placed conditions on Raheja's sale. Raheja's firm and Wadia moved the HC and their appeals were decided on Friday when Wadia got no relief.Wadia's solicitor Shrikant Doijode and counsel Fali Nariman argued the builder had committed a fraud, the deal was ended and thus he was not entitled to develop the land. Denying fraud, Ferani's solictor Vivek Vashi and counsel Abhishek Singhvi stressed that jurisdiction must mandatorilyfirst be decided by court before going into merits of a case. They said Wadia's suit was time-barred. Wadia's counsel argued it was a \"continuing fraud\" and attributed the two-year gap between filing a suit and applying for interim order to BMC's 2009 reply that, in the absence of a court order validating the termination of Raheja's power of attorney rights by Wadia, it could not stop issuing development permission to the builder. Raheja's lawyers took exception to Nariman, pointing to ready reckoner that lists market value of properties, a point the judge accepted. \"Can a stay on construction be warranted at this stage?\" HC asked. Disposing the appeals in Raheja's favour, its answer was in negative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15050576", "title": "Mulshi talathi held for attacking Lavasa guards", "text": "PUNE: The Paud police on Thursday arrested Mulshi talathi Namdeo Nivrutti Pasalkar (43) and his friend, Suresh Vaghu Nakti (26), for allegedly assaulting three security guards at the Lavasa Corporation Limited in Mulshi on Wednesday night. Pasalkar was apparently angry over the guards checking his car at the security gate in Dasve village, where he had gone around 11 pm.Police inspector Ganesh More of Paud police station said the security guards had stopped Pasalkar's car for a routine check at the gate. This irked Pasalkar who took out his licenced .32 revolver and threatened one of the guards, Satish Ram Tripathi, who was posted there.More said, though Pasalkar left the place, he soon returned with seven men armed with swords. They allegedly attacked Tripathi and another guard Devender Pratap Singh who rushed to Tripathi's aid. They ransacked the security cabin and damaged a computer. They also damaged furniture and another computer at the Lavasa town hall office. One more guard, Ganesh Mokate, who tried to stop them was injured in the attack.The police have seized Pasalkar's revolver and are looking for the seven attackers.Earlier on Thursday, Pasalkar and Nakti were produced before a magisterial court. Assistant public prosecutor Rajendra Suryavanshi told the court that the custodial interrogation of the duo was essential for arresting the absconding suspects and seizing the weapons and the vehicle that was used in the crime. The court considered the prosecution's plea and remanded them in police custody till July 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15051197", "title": "Infosys to set up big facility for Apple", "text": "BANGALORE: There will be a lot more of India in Apple products soon. The $108-billion maker of iPhones and iPads is scaling up sharply the work it outsources to Infosys Technologies .The Bangalore-based IT giant has rented a 1.40-lakh-sqft office space near its headquarters in Electronics City to house employees who would work exclusively for Apple. Sources in the real estate industry who did not want to be named said the building would have the capacity to house 1,400 people. The centre will be operational by the end of the year.It was previously reported that Apple CIO Neil O'Connor had met the Infosys top brass in Bangalore in January, leading to speculation that Apple was looking at outsourcing more to Indian companies. When contacted, Infosys said in an emailed response: \"We are unable to participate in your story.\"Infosys had a role in developing apps for iCloud Helped develop applications for Apple Retail Store 2.0. It has also helped in the design of frameworks for the iOS.Apple outsources application development and maintenance work to the extent of Rs 490 crore to Indian IT services providers. It is said to account for $50 million (Rs 275 crore) of Infosys' annual revenue of $7 billion.Assuming that the new space that Infosys is taking for Apple will house a new set of employees , it would mean that Apple would be giving an additional business of at least $65 million (Rs 357 crore) every year to Infosys, considering that each Infosys employee accounts for an average annual revenue of $47,000. Infosys has about 1.5 lakh employees.Former employees of Infosys who had worked on the Apple account said the current work is being executed by employees across Bangalore, Mangalore, Bhubaneswar and Thiruvananthapuram . The ultra-secretive Apple does not disclose the nature of work it does with third parties. But the former Infosys employees said Infosys played a role in developing applications for iCloud \u2014 a service that allows users to access music, calendar, documents and email via the cloud and which automatically syncs with your Mac, iPad and iPhone.Infosys has also worked on developing applications for Apple Retail Store 2.0 launched last year, where iPad displays took the place of paper placards in Apple stores. The iPad offered an interactive way to explore the features and prices of the products being advertised, and it even had a call button to summon an Apple representative to the product for assistance.Infosys has also helped in the design of frameworks for the iOS , the operating platform for Apple devices that provides interfaces needed to write software for the platform. Many Infosys employees are trained on Cocoa, Apple's native objective-oriented application programming interface.Apple, with revenues of $108 billion in 2011, is the largest publicly traded company in the world by market capitalization, thanks to the phenomenal success of the iPhone and iPad. The market cap briefly touched $600 billion in April this year and currently is around $571 billion .In 2006, the company had moved to establish a 3,000-people strong technical support centre in Bangalore. But it withdrew within months following a massive backlash from Apple fans around the world who felt India would not be able to deliver the quality of support they expected. However, it looks like the quality of Indian IT outsourcing work has been too good to resist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15049404", "title": "President poll: Kalsaria votes for Pranab", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the presidential election, 186 votes were cast in Gujarat. Barring BJP MLA from Mahuva, Kanu Kalsaria, all the MLAs voted on party lines.Kalsaria, who had launched an agitation against the BJP government in Mahuva, was the only one who voted differently from his party. He had also attended the meeting of Congress MLAs in Gandhinagar. Kalsaria had earlier announced that he would vote for Pranab Mukherjee and not for P A Sangma , the NDA candidate.Of the 182 MLAs in the state assembly, barring Amit Shah , all voted. Shah has been ordered to remain out of Gujarat by the Supreme Court in connection with the Sohrabuddin fake encounter case.Among others who voted were five Members of Parliament, which included four Rajya Sabha MPs - Parimal Nathwani, Parshottam Rupala, Bharatsinh Parmar and Mansukh Mandavia. Balu Shukla the MP from Vadodara also voted in Gandhinagar. These MPs were granted special permission to vote in Gandhinagar by the election commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15049276", "title": "Shoot diseased and stray dogs, says Nanaiah", "text": "BANGALORE: Opposition members in the legislative council want the government to cull diseased and stray dogs in Bangalore.Raising the issue of stray dogs in Bangalore, Veeranna Mattikatti ( Congress) wanted to know action taken by the government. Cutting across party lines, the members joined in the discussion.Mattikatti said the stray dog population was increasing, causing grave inconvenience to people, especially children, women and the elderly. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar said in 2010-11, 69,141 stray dogs had been sterilized and this year, the government is targeting 1 lakh dogs.Not convinced with the reply, JD(S) floor leader MC Nanaiah wondered how the stray dog population was increasing by the year if sterilization was successful. \"There are 5 lakh stray dogs in Bangalore. They are aplenty in Vidhana Soudha and surrounding places. It's become difficult to drive or ride. These dogs have the sympathy and support of animal welfare activists, but human beings don't have that luxury,'' he said.Nanaiah suggested: \"You must shoot down diseased and stray dogs. If you cannot control dogs, how can you manage people? If you can't control this problem, it's best you give up power and go home.''Opposition members had the support of BJP chief whip Shivayogi Swamy who said: \"Ensure stray dogs chase these animal activists. Then, they will realize the problem.''The CM ruled out culling of dogs citing 2001 rules. \"We cannot kill dogs. There is a petition about stray dogs pending before the Supreme Court. We have filed an application seeking mercy killing of diseased dogs. We'll abide by the SC order,'' the CM said.He assured members he'd take measures to end the dog menace in the premises of Vidhana Soudha and Legislators' Home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15049952", "title": "3 of family die in suicide pact", "text": "KOLKATA: Financial crisis and matrimonial discord led three members of a family to commit suicide on the railway tracks at Bediapara - between Belgharia and Dum Dum stations - on Thursday. On July 17, housewife Priyanka Pal had lodged a complaint under Section 498A against her husband and in-laws, accusing them of mental and physical torture.According to neighbours, her father-in-law Brojo Dulal Pal, 60, mother-in-law Anita, 54, and husband Rajat, 29, left their home in Uttar Pratapgarh on Wednesday to evade possible arrests.Those living near the tracks at Bediapara said they spotted the trio in the area nearly 15 minutes before the incident. The three may have been trying to build up enough 'courage' to take the ultimate plunge. Around 11am, some commuters found them sitting on the tracks and asked them to move away. At 11.10am, the motorman of an Up Sealdah-Santipur train reported that he had run over three persons. There was some confusion initially as the bodies could not be identified. There were rumours that three persons had jumped off the train to commit suicide.Neighbours in Nimta said the Pals had a printing press but business was in bad shape for the last couple of years. Rajat married Priyanka, a resident of Golbagan in Nimta, 11 months ago and the family's financial crisis increased. The family had apparently taken a loan for the ceremony. The Pals may have demanded money from Priyanka's family to meet their debts. This might have led to souring of relations, cops suspect.\"There was regular trouble in the household. On Wednesday evening, police came looking for the Pals but they weren't at home. Nobody can be sure but they may have committed suicide to evade arrest,\" said Barun Karmakar, a neighbour.According to Priyanka, her husband and in-laws started misbehaving with her two months after the marriage. \"It is true that we were going through financial trouble. They would also torture me mentally and physically. Whenever I wanted to leave for my maternal home, they would not allow me to take my ornaments or school and college certificates. If I protested, they asked me to sign on a stamp paper before leaving the house. I even informed local Trinamool leaders and they tried to settle the issue mutually. The torture didn't stop though and on June 30, my mother took me away from my in-laws' home. I returned on July 17 to try and sort out the issue but they misbehaved with me. I was forced to lodge a complaint under Section 498A,\" she said.The GRP removed the bodies from the track and sent them for autopsy at the NRS Medical College and Hospital. \"Prima facie, it seems that a family dispute led to the suicides. However, we have received no complaint so far and have started an unnatural death case for now,\" said K G Malakar, OC, GRP, Dum Dum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15050780", "title": "Naren International ties up with 125-year-old company", "text": "LUDHIANA: City-based cycle company, Naren International, has signed an agreement for a tie-up with 125-year-old Raleigh-England, world's leading bicycle company. Naren International has a turnover of over 11 million US dollars and has set a target of doubling it by 2015 following this agreement.CEO of Naren International Rajesh Kalra said they would implement the agreement with the iconic cycle company in two phases, \"In the first phase we will make Raleigh cycles available to our network of over 1,000 dealers all across the length and breadth of the country. We are already marketing our bicycles under Suncross, Rock-Machine and Upland brands. Now with Raleigh, our brand kitty got heavier due to its popularity the world over.\"He added that in the second phase, manufacturing and assembly of Raleigh bikes in India would also be done by Suncross. \"For this, we have already entered into a strategic arrangement with a Taiwanese partner for providing the machinery and equipment for state of the art assembly line and the manufacturing process. The company has already sourced the required land in Mangli, Ludhiana, for setting up the ambitious project both for domestic as well as for exports, with the main market being Europe,\" he said.Talking about the venture, Kalra said there would be more opportunities into the existing Raleigh markets whereby there would be an increased export opportunity. \"It's a win-win situation to be associated with such an iconic brand,\" he said. Though import duties have increased and the dollar is constantly rising, Kalra said the tie-up would prove to be feasible. \"The premium bicycles market is growing at a steady pace and the customer now prefers both the brand value as well as the bike composition for making a decision. The market has sustained and will continue to do so. Due to current production facilities, it's still difficult to manufacture hi-end bikes and their components in India,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15049959", "title": "Poverty drives Tamil Nadu fishermen overseas", "text": "MADURAI: Thousands of fishermen from Ramanathapuram, Kanyakumari and Tuticorin districts head to Gulf countries every year looking for greener pastures due to lack of fishing facilities and acute poverty in the region, especially in Ramanathapuram district. Another important reason contributing to the migration is the fear of Sri Lankan Navy and the depleting sea wealth in the region.Fishermen in coastal Ramanathapuram district who are mainly country boat fishermen can earn hardly Rs 200 to Rs 300 per day with their catch of crabs and fish, but that too is fast depleting due to excessive fishing by mechanised boats. \"The fish wealth is fast depleting and we, the country boat fishermen, are not able to compete with mechanised boats. We don't get permits to procure mechanised boats as Sri Lanka is very nearby, hence many of our youth leave to Gulf countries,\" says S Ponnandi from Thoppuvalasai who is a relative of Sekar, killed in Dubai by the US Navy.Fishermen association leaders rue the lack of political will in addressing the plight of fishermen after the issue with the Sri Lankan Navy caused a lot of migration of labour from the region. \"After the conflict started with the Sri Lankan Navy due to the civil war in 1983, the government should have taken measures to create alternative fishing facilities for fishermen of Ramanathapuram. They should have been provided the skills and facilities to venture deep sea and other fishing methods like tuna fishing. But the government has failed to look into this aspect, resulting in a large migration from the district,\" U Arulanandam of Alliance for the Release of Innocent Fishermen said.\"The government has not done much for fishermen in spite of generating huge foreign exchange from the fishing sector. Fishermen have done it all through their sheer hard work and own investments,\" he said.V Rabel from Rajakkamangalamthurai in Kanyakumari district said many of their youth had to leave to the Gulf as there were not many fishing facilities here. \"There are not many fishing harbours in Kanayakumari coast and even the ones we have cater only to local fishermen. Unfortunately, Tamil Nadu does not even have facilities like proper fishing harbours, cold storages, auction halls for fishermen when compared to Kerala. Many of our youth work in Kerala. In spite of earning huge foreign exchange, why can't the state government provide us the necessary facilities,\" he alleged.Fishermen living in Gulf countries too expressed the same opinion. \"If there are sufficient employment opportunities, why should we leave our families and home and work in hostile conditions here? We lose our youth, health and affection from the family all because our next generation can study and move out of this profession,\" laments Sahaya Sales, a Kanyakumari fisherman living in Bahrain.However, it appears that the craze for Gulf countries has come down in Tuticorin district. \"Thousands of fishermen were heading to Gulf countries 10 years ago, but the trend has declined and many now opt for the merchant navy,\" said C Parthiban, president, mechanised boat fishermen association, Tuticorin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15054042", "title": "Aslam Sheikh\u2019s Rakhwala to hit theatres on Aug 15", "text": "Known for his films 'Bandhan Toote Naa', 'Dharti Kahe Pukaar', 'Dharamveer' and Aulaad, Aslam Sheikh is now ready with another film.Rakhwala, that stars Nirhuaa is already in its post production stage. The film which is made under Aslam Sheikh's home production house, ASP also stars Rinkoo Ghosh, Awdhesh Mishra, Sanjay Pandey and Santosh Srivastav. The film is set to hit the theatres on August 15. Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15049018", "title": "Will tribals meet for their land?", "text": "MARGAO: Shabu Kusado Gaonkar, a tribal from Yeda, Cotigao, Canacona, tills land and rears cattle for a living. His family has lived there for generations using forest land for grazing purposes. For the past several years forest personnel have not allowed his cattle to graze in the forest nor permitted him to plough land.Baju Jano Suzaro from Mollem has been cultivating cashew, jackfruit, mango , millet, paddy, etc, in forest land as was done by his forefathers. But he does not have any ownership claims on the land or the produce. His family stays in a hut which is not electrified. About 25 houses of dhangars share Suzaro's fate.The tribals were among 60 adivasis from across Goa who had deposed before the 'People's Tribunal' in Panaji on May 31, 2009. The tribunal for the restoration of adivasi homelands in Goa was headed by retired Bombay high court judge, Justice Hosbet Suresh.With the state now taking steps to implement the Forest Rights Act, 2006, there's hope that the tribals' ownership rights over forest land they have been traditionally using to eke out their livelihood will be legally restored. Over 5,000 tribals are expected to benefit. But there's a potential spanner in the wheels.As part of the Act's implementation, all panchayats in the tribal-dominated talukas of Sanguem, Quepem, Canacona and Dharbandora have been directed by the district magistrate to hold gram sabhas on July 22.The aim of the gram sabhas is to set up forest rights committees which will receive, within three months, all claims from tribals of the respective village.Under a statue of the Act, however, a quorum of 2/3rds of the adult population of the village has to be present at the gram sabha.Tribal minister, Ramesh Tawadkar, when contacted, said he has already held meetings with the elected members and sarpanchas of all the tribal-dominated village panchayats and has asked them to create awareness about the Act and the gram sabha.\"If there is insufficient attendance for the quorum, the meeting can be adjourned till the quorum is achieved. But I am confident the gram sabhas will evoke the desired response. We have set a time-bound schedule for the Act's implementation,\" Tawadkar told TOI.He said once the forest rights committees are constituted the government will set up facilitation centres in all the talukas to enable tribals to avail the benefits of the various government schemes.All claims from tribals received by the forest rights committees will be verified and the committee will prepare a map delineating the area of each claim indicating recognizable landmarks.A second gram sabha after three months will approve the claims and submit them to the sub-divisional committee headed by the sub-divisional officer (SDO). Following the approvals from the district-level and state-level committees, the claims-personal and community rights-will be settled under the Act. Tribal leaders are obviously pleased about the development. Dr Uday Gaonkar, special secretary of the United Tribals Alliance Association ( UTAA), which spearheaded the tribals' agitation last year, said the conferment of ownership rights over forest land to tribals will also help stop rampant destruction of Goa's environment by mining activities carried out in forest land.\"The tribals are real conservationists. Theirs is an eco-friendly lifestyle practiced for ages. The kumeri cultivation practiced by them in the hilly forested areas has contributed considerably to the gross national forest produce, thus contributing to nation building. The restoration of their rights to ownership of land will strengthen the conservation regime in the mines-affected forest belts,\" Gaonkar told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15050345", "title": "First in TMC to back Pranab, Suman abstains", "text": "Kolkata: Rebel Trinamool Congress MP Kabir Suman, who was the first to announce his support for Pranab Mukherjee in the Presidential poll, was the only one missing on voting day, even as his party colleagues lined up at the ballot boxes with chief minister Mamata at the assembly on Thursday.Suman said he stayed away because he was unwell and had been warned by well-wishers that he could be heckled by his partymen if he went. Otherwise it was a picture-perfect show of all-party bonhomie for Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049254", "title": "Tree 'ignored' by BMC falls in Sion", "text": "MUMBAI: A large branch of a tree collapsed in Sion on Thursday morning, bringing traffic to a standstill on Rafi Ahmed Kidwai Marg for over an hour. Last month, a branch of a tree had fallen on the same road, injuring a biker.While no one was injured on Thursday, local slammed the civic body for its attitude towards tree-pruning.The BMC had pruned a few trees on the road last month, but the one whose branch fell on Thursday was left out. Admitting this, an official from the ward office said, \"The tree was not trimmed as we did not think it was in a dangerous condition. We were not able to reach the spot quickly after Thursday's incident due to the traffic mess on the road.\"An official from the BMC's gardens department said: \"We have trimmed several trees along R A Kidwai Marg, but no one can guarantee that a tree or a branch will not fall. Luckily, no one was injured.\"A \"weak and dangerous\" tree had collapsed near the King's Circle flyover last month, injuring biker Santosh Chikane of Vikhroli. Locals said they had lodged several complaints with the local ward office about dangerous trees in the area, including the one that fell on Chikane.Nikhil Desai, a Sion resident, told TOI: \"The BMC did prune a few trees after the biker was injured. But it appears to be just an eyewash.\"Last Saturday, an unpruned tree planted inside the compound of a housing society in Santa Cruz fell on the lane outside, leaving two injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15050624", "title": "St Bede's college teachers, staff suspend strike", "text": "SHIMLA: After suspending teaching work for 11 days, St Bede's College teaching and non-teaching staff, in Shimla on Thursday decided to temporarily suspend their pen down strike till July 25. Decision came after striking employees held a meeting with director higher education.Crisis started at the college after management decided to cut employees provident fund, following which teaching and non-teaching staff observed pen down strike. For last 11 days students were the worst sufferer as no teaching work took place. Seeing stalemate continuing, chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal had intervened on Tuesday to end the strike by directing the education secretary and director higher education to convene a meeting of the college management and the striking employees.Lecturers association president Ajay Sud said, on the intervention of director higher education Dinker Burathoke, a meeting to resolve issues between the staff and management of St. Bede's college has been scheduled for July 25. \"Keeping the interests of the students in mind, the teaching and non -teaching staff have agreed to temporarily suspend the pen down strike till July 25,\" he said.In the 108-year-old history of the college this is for the first time when all the staff have suspended work by going on strike. St. Bede's is imparting education since 1904 and boasts of alumni such as actress Preity Zinta and late model Persis Khambatta. It has total strength of 850 students, including 100 boarders.The striking employees on their part were stating to resume duty only when the management would fulfill responsibility of paying 23% dearness allowance and restoring employees' provident fund (EPF). The college authorities reduced employees EPF to 12% from 23% from last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15049997", "title": "4 suicides across districts in a single day", "text": "COIMBATORE: As many as six persons including four women committed suicide on Wednesday in urban and rural Coimbatore.E Poornima, 18, a native of Vadakkuputhupalayam in Erode district, was studying second year Bsc (Agri) in Vanavarayar Agriculture College at Manakkadavu near Anaimalai in Coimbatore district and was staying in the college ladies hostel.According to police, she had failed five subjects in the first semester and but told her parents that she cleared all papers. Poornima had planned to clear the five arrear papers for which July 18 was the last day to pay exam fees. However, she was afraid to ask her parents for money and she confined herself to her hostel room on Wednesday, telling her room mates that she was ill. She committed suicide by hanging in her room. Hostel warden P Jayasree (28) lodged a complaint with Anaimalai police station. The police have registered a case and an investigation is on.In the second incident, a 26-year-old youth, R Manojkumar, hailing from Gounder Mills Pirivu, had gone to Sirumugai along with his friends to take a bath in the Bhavani river on Wednesday. He drowned after he lost his footing in the slush on the river bed. Sirumugai police have registered a case and an investigation is on.In another incident, a 40-year-old woman N Suganthi committed suicide at her residence at Salaivempu near Karamadai on Wednesday. Police said, Suganthi had married Natarajan, ten years ago and the couple had two daughters. The couple had separated due to misunderstanding five years ago. Suganthi was frustrated with life and committed suicide by hanging. Karamadai police have registered a case and an investigation is on.K Padmavathi (32), hailing from Avarampalayam, was an ulcer patient who committed suicide by consuming cow dung powder as she could not bear her suffering. S Selvi (44) of Ganapathy had been suffering from asthma for the last ten years. She committed suicide by consuming cow dung powder. R Muniappan, 47 of Gandhi Maa Nagar, was working as a load man in a warehouse belonging to the Food Corporation of India at Peelamedu. He was an alcoholic and could not hold a job. He committed suicide by hanging at his house. Coimbatore police have registered a case and an investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15050655", "title": "No takers for nine parking lots", "text": "CHANDIGARH: No contractor has submitted tenders for the nine major lots advertised by the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation, thereby clearly indicating that civic body authority has failed miserably in running paid parking lots in the city. Out of the nine lots, six are not being utilized, while the tenure of the rest is going finish in the coming three months.This development only means that people will have to park their vehicles in such lots at their own risk, without any proper management and care.The parking lots that are lying unused are also causing financial losses running into crores of rupees to the civic body authority, which is struggling to generate its own financial resources and has been pleading with the UT administration for funds to run various MC wings.\"The last date for submitting tenders to participate in the auction was July 11 and the auction was to be held on July 12. Surprisingly not even a single tender was submitted, therefore we had to cancel the auction. Now, the next course of action will be decided after a meeting with senior officials\", said an official of the parking wing on condition of anonymity.Additional municipal commissioner Sunil Bhatia said, \"Nobody came forward to submit tenders for taking the parking lots on contract. Now we will soon fix the date for re-auctioning these lots. As the MC doesn't have manpower and other infrastructure for running these lots on its own, so we have to give these on contract.\"Presently, there are a total of 24 paid parking lots under the Chandigarh municipal corporation in the city.The authority auctions these lots and the income generating from these is one of the prime sources of income for the MC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15050342", "title": "NGO to repair monuments in Sinhagad fort", "text": "PUNE: NGO Sahyadri Pratishthan has decided to repair the damaged monuments on Sinhagad by the end of this month. Representatives of the organization said they are undertaking the task since the state government does not have time to restore forts.Addressing a news conference here on Wednesday, Shramik Gojamgunde, the founder of the NGO, said: \"We have approached politicians, government officials and other social organizations, but nobody has shown interest in restoring and maintaining these monuments.\"The Pratishthan on Thursday put up a shelter on Tung fort, near the Pavana backwaters, as winds have damaged the temporary shelters put up by local people there. The small temple in the fort could accommodate around 20 people only.The Pratishthan has also decided to clean the 14 forts that are included in the master list of the state government. Though the government has included these forts in its master list it hasn't taken any action to restore them, Gojamgunde said.\"The initiative aims at spreading awareness about the sheer neglect of the protected monuments. The government might have spent crores of rupees, but most of it was spent on road construction,\" he said, and added that \"the Pratishthan does not want to do anything that might damage the fort.\"A proposal for renovation of Sinhagad was approved in 2005 and the actual work had begun in 2008. Though Rs 3.76 crore was allocated for the project, most of the money was spent on constructing roads or other works and not on actual restoration, Gojamgunde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15048983", "title": "Walled City building tilts, no action yet", "text": "NEW DELHI: A four-storeyed under-construction building in Walled City was declared 'dangerous' by North Delhi Municipal Corporation on Tuesday after it tilted towards left. Other than declaring it unsafe, the civic agency has done little to ensure the safety of residents. Instead of deploying staff to raze the structure, the civic agency had asked the owner to demolish it.Nine months after the Chandni Mahal building collapse \u2014 Chandni Mahal is just 300 metre away from this building \u2014 the civic agency is yet to get serious about unauthorized constructions.A portion of the building's wall \u2014 on the fourth floor \u2014 collapsed on Tuesday. \"Luckily, no one was injured in the accident. We immediately informed police and the entire area was barricaded and neighbouring houses were evacuated. However, civic agency officials are yet to visit the area,'' said Sameer, a resident.According to Sameer, the building has tilted towards the left and might collapse anytime. \"Construction work had been going on for the past few months. We had informed the city zone of North corporation but the agency didn't take any action. Even now the agency is doing little to ensure the safety of residents,\" he added.When TOI visited the site at Fasil Road (behind Delite Cinema) on Thursday, the owner informed that no further demolition was required. \"A small portion of the wall had collapsed. But we are repairing the damaged portion. The civic agency has not asked us to carry out any further demolition,'' said Mohd Amir, the owner's son. Amir also admitted that he had not taken permission from civic agency for the construction. \"We don't need permission from civic agency as this land belongs to slum board,'' said Amir. According to police officials deployed at the site, the civic agency had carried out demolition on Wednesday but they didn't come on Thursday.According to Yogender Chandolia, chairman standing committee, North Corporation, \"Our officials couldn't take action as they were busy with Akbarabadi Masjid issue. Action will be taken on Friday.\" Interestingly, the building department of the city zone carried out demolition at Hauz Khazi in the Walled City.Nine months after Chandni Mahal building collapse, the civic agency has done little to check unauthorized construction in the area. The civic agency had formed a dangerous building cell after the collapse, but residents claim that despite several complaints, officials do not take action. \"We don't want another Chandni Mahal-like incident again. The zonal office is doing little to check on unauthorized construction in the area,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15051171", "title": "Palamu farmers a worried lot", "text": "Daltonganj: Lack of rainfall in Palamu is fostering the fear of an impending drought-like situation in the district this time too.With the district receiving scanty rain between July 6 and July 16, bhadai crops have been are the worst sufferers. Worst still, there has been less than 4% raising of paddy seedlings in Palamu.Mundrika Singh, a prosperous farmer, said if there was no rain for another week or so Palamu would reel under drought again. Singh has not lost all hope, though, as he believes Palamu's soil has the texture to return to cropping once it is soaked with rain. There was 8.2 mm rainfall in Palamu on July 6, 69.4 mm on July 7 and 0.2 mm on July 8. July 12 was slightly better with Dalnotganj and its adjoining areas receiving more than 50 mm of rainfall.The run-off rate of rainfall in Palamu is high. Paddy is to be sown in 47,000 hectares of land but the fear of inadequate rainfall has cast a shadow on it. Similarly, maize which used to be sold in July has not yet flooded the Daltonganj markets so far.Rajnikant Mahto, a farmer, who had taken a loan from the bank is a worried man. If the rains fail, it would be difficult for him to repay the loan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049496", "title": "Govt to plan for development package in Gadchiroli", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has plans to work out a special package to address development related concerns in the Naxal-infested Gadchiroli district, home minister RR Patil said on Thursday. The government has convened a meeting of leaders of all political parties to discuss the plans, Patil further informed.With reports that local Naxal outfits were increasingly targeting police informers and politicians, concerns regarding high police, politician and civilian casualties were raised during the question hour in the legislative assembly on Thursday.Contending that police action against Naxals alone could not suppress Naxalism, opposition leader Eknath Khadse said there was a need to formulate an \"extensive package\" to alleviate the backlog of development and employment in the region. Khadse cited examples of other states where special policies, which are free from excessive state regulations, have been formulated in Naxal-infested areas. Patil said that he too felt the need for such an \"extensive special package\" for the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15048689", "title": "Corporators demand action in insurance scheme irregularities", "text": "AMRAVATI: During the general body meeting of Amravati Municipal Corporation (AMC) on Thursday several corporators demanded action against the then commissioner of AMC and officials concerned for alleged irregularities in insurance policy scheme for employees of the civic body.In 2005, AMC tied up with Metlife Insurance to float an insurance scheme for the employees. Under this scheme, 10 per cent was to be deducted from employee's salary and an equal amount was to be contributed by the AMC towards payment of the premium. The scheme was applicable for 350 employees recruited from 2005. On November 2005, audit officer Doefode implemented the scheme. In 2007, the audit officer was changed and the new officer took objection to the scheme stating that it was started without prior permission of standing committee and general body. During this period, the AMC deducted premium amount from salaries of the employee but did not deposit it with the insurance company. The audit officer constituted a committee to probe the matter in 2010.Corporator Anjali Pande raised this issue during the general body meeting on Thursday. Alleging irregularities in the scheme, she demanded strict action against the guilty officials.Other corporators including Prashant Wankhade, Bablu Shekhavat and Jayashri Morey also questioned the authenticity of scheme. They also demanded tabling of the report on irregularities in this scheme along with recovery of the premium amount from the guilty officers.According to audit officer, Taji, AMC needs to deposit Rs1.20 crore with Metlife of which Rs60 lakh is employees' contribution while the remaining amount has to be deposited by the civic body, otherwise the policies will lapse.Replying on this matter, commissioner N Nawin Sona said the administration will verify details and take up the matter in standing committee and general body meetings. \"The report of the enquiry committee will be placed in next general body meeting,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "15051088", "title": "FIR against 5 military officials", "text": "RAMGARH: An FIR has been registered with Ramgarh police station against five military officials including commandant, Punjab Regimental Centre and chairman of Cantonment Board of Ramgarh (CBR), Brigadier Anil Pandey and SSO, Station Headquarters Lieutenant Colonel Manish Sehgal following directives issued by chief judicial magistrate's court in Hazaribag.The directive was issued in the wake of a land dispute with Ramgarh civilian Anmol Singh who had filed a complaint case with the court alleging that the land acquired by the officials was owned by his family.Ramgarh town police station-in-charge Dillu Lohra confirmed on Thursday that an FIR has been lodged with against five military officials of Punjab Regimental Centre (PRC), Station Headquarters in Ramgarh and Military Engineering Service (MES) under section 447 and 506 of IPC. Singh had filed a case against the military officials alleging forcibly acquisition of land in Bijulia locality of Ramgarh town. The police has followed directives of the court and started investigating the issue. Lohra added.Meanwhile, SSO, Station Headquarters in Ramgarh Lieutenant Colonial Manish Sehgal told ToI here on Thursday that the plot claimed by Singh was defence land with active possession of army. The revenue department has visited and verified necessary documents, twice.\"We would submit papers proving the ownership of land to the court with the copy of state revenue department verification report,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15050911", "title": "Volvo planning factory at Gujarat's Sanand?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Watching the Indian luxury car market from the back seat for a long time, Swedish carmaker Volvo Auto India is now taking the wheel. In all likelihood, the Detroit of East - Sanand near Ahmedabad - may play host.Well-placed sources with the Gujarat chief minister's office say that Volvo Auto India, which is backed by Chinese auto major Geely Automobile, is scouting for land to park a semiknocked down plant. A team of top Volvo executives is likely to meet chief minister Narendra Modi in August.Volvo, which entered Indian market in 2007, currently imports cars as completely-built units and is near to zeroing in on Sanand for a local assembly unit. For Sanand, Volvo will be the first exclusive luxury car brand to have a facility in the region. Sources in the company said that Volvo has to take on German luxury carmakers like Mercedes Benz , BMW and Audi and though it has been able to keep prices competitive till now, assembling cars locally will work best in the longer run.\"The company has identified two locations, one in Sanand and other near Chennai. But with the company's major holding in Chinese hands and given growing ties between Gujarat and China, we hope it will be Sanand,\" said a source close to the development. However, company officials denied having decided on Sanand.\"We are looking aggressively at the Indian luxury car market and aim at having a 15% share in the segment by 2020. The decision to identify a location is taken by our team in the US who are looking at the various options. Nothing has been finalized yet,\" said Tomas Ernberg, managing director, Volvo Auto India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15050218", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation gets standing committee nod to take over borewells", "text": "PUNE: The standing committee of Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Thursday gave a green signal to the civic body to take over borewells and dug wells in the city in view of the water shortage.\"One of the members of the standing committee had submitted a proposal to the committee stating that if water scarcity situation worsens in future, PMC should take over wells and borewells. The committee gave approval to this proposal,\" said Baburao Chandere, chairman of the civic standing committee.The PMC has taken various steps to deal with water shortage and has enforced 20% water cuts in the city. The civic administration has also kept the option of alternate day water supply open.The civic body plans to utilize 399 wells and 4,820 bore wells in the city. About 155 dug wells and 1,575 borewells have potable drinking water.The standing committee postponed the controversial decision of privatization of Kondhwa slaughter house. Some committee members demanded that the proposal be sent back to the civic administration so that it will stand as cancelled, but other members wanted to postpone the issue. The members decided to put the issue to vote after a debate. A decision to postpone the matter for 15 days was taken with 12 votes in favour and 4 votes against.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15048974", "title": "Pernem cops identify body found in Chapora river", "text": "MAPUSA: The Pernem police on Thursday identified the body that was found in the Chapora river a week ago as that of Sagar Bhagat's, a 30-year-old from Panshi wada in Pernem.Sagar worked as an electrician at a hotel in Calangute. On June 26, he left after work but did not go home, and his family filed a missing person's report with the Pernem and Calangute police stations.On July 13, his decomposed body was found floating in the Chapora river at Shirgal-Dhargalim in Pernem. The Pernem police fished out the body from the river and registered it as a case of unnatural death.An inquest was then conducted and the body was referred to the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, for identification.The police found visiting cards and a cellphone in the deceased's pocket. After an inquiry, the police found that it was registered in Bhagat's name and called the family to identify the body. After the family confirmed the body was that of Bhagat's, it was handed to them on Thursday. Further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15050096", "title": "Only generic drugs in govt hospitals", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a move aimed at curbing the influence of the pharmaceutical industry, from November onwards all government doctors will have to prescribe only generic names of drugs. A government directive will be issued on this soon. Haryana initiated this way back in 2006 with successful results.\"The government will also seek the possibility of extending the directive to the private sector after consulting with the law department,\" health minister V S Sivakumar said in the state assembly on Thursday.Generic name of a drug means the chemical content common to drugs produced by various manufactures under different brand names. \"The drug amlodipine used for curing hypertension is available for Rs. 37, Rs. 14 and Rs. 9.90. All doctors prescribe the costlier version,\" pointed out T N Prathapan who moved the resolution.To ensure that the backend is in place, without which the move could have potentially disastrous consequences, the government has also decided to appoint a high-level committee led by the health secretary to look into the possibility of making the Kerala Medical Services Corporation Limited the super stockist of all drugs sold in the state.Dr B Ekbal, noted health expert, was however cautious in his response. \"On one side the government is trying to hand over PHCs to NGOs since it cannot provide doctors in tribal areas; at the same time it is saying this. The intentions are not clear,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15052911", "title": "Sherlyn Chopra: I'm partially nude at home mostly", "text": "It's not surprising anymore when Sherlyn Chopra makes these bold statements. The whole nation is aware of the model's latest shoot for US adult magazine, Playboy.And posing nude for the magazine cover is her claim to \"new found fame\". So what prompted her to make this huge move? \"Like Poonam Pandey I did post a suggestive nude picture on my birthday early this year. However, posting a nude picture on Twitter is not the same as being the first Indian on the cover of Playboy\". Adding, \"Stripping nude for an iconic adult magazine is no less than setting oneself free from rigid social conventions. I'm partially nude at home mostly. But then to expect worldwide recognition by being nude at one's home would be foolishness\".Sherlyn Chopra has certainly managed to catch the attention of not only an entire nation, but of the whole world. What's next Sherlyn?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15049949", "title": "Husband adopts wife\u2019s name", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On June 9, Claude Peter Gonsalves (32) wed his childhood sweetheart Rebecca Manuel Sudan. While Rebecca was in two minds on assuming her husband's name or surname, Claude gave her a surprise by assuming her name instead to become Claude Rebecca Gonsalves!\"A girl is expected to embrace change after marriage. She is expected to change her home, leave her parents and adjust in a new house and new family members. She is also expected to change her name, an identity she has carried all her early life. I changed my name to make her feel welcome and cherished,\" says Claude, a telecommunications executive.Rebecca confesses her heart flipped when she first saw her husband's new name on Facebook! \"I had been dilly dallying whether I should change my maiden name to Rebecca Claude Gonsalves. I am very close to my father and somehow my heart felt heavy at the change. I think Claude sensed this dilemma and did the most unbelievable thing,\" says Rebecca, who works as assistant professor at a city college. Rebecca says that Claude was flooded with reactions ranging from the typical 'so-now-you-have-become-joru-ka-ghulam' to encouraging responses. \"But Claude took it all in his stride and sent a smiley to all just saying he felt like doing this for me,\" says Rebecca.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15048662", "title": "Arms Act accused was Anna supporter", "text": "NAGPUR: Yogesh Pachpor, in his twenties, accused of having unlicensed firearms after crime branch nabbed him earlier this week, once walked by the side of anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare and Arvind Kejriwal .While it is still not clear whether Pachpor wanted to use anti-corruption platform to shield his anti-social activities or he really believed in the vision. The India Against Corruption office bearers claimed he was merely a supporter. The photographs of Pachpor with Kejriwal and Hazare published in a local daily left a section of the crime branch cops surprised. A senior official claimed Pachpor did not mention anything about his association with any movement. \"He was co-operative during questioning,\" said the official.Commerce graduate Pachpor got bail after being produced before the court. Police had found a factory-made pistol from his possession and another during search at his residence at Pandhrabodi. Pachpor claimed before the police that he just wanted make an impression among his peers. Ajay Sanghi, city co-ordinator for IAC, said that Pachpor had filled the form meant for details of the supporters and it was not an enrollment for any organization.\"We recall seeing Pachpor during the August 16 movement. Later, he came twice on different occasions. We did not see much of him after that. He was also not involved in our decision making meetings or team,\" said Sanghi. He also added that no one had entrusted him with any responsibility. Sanghi said Pachpor was not an active volunteer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15050643", "title": "Fitter Umesh Yadav raring to go against Sri Lanka", "text": "NAGPUR: Last one year was like a dream for Umesh Yadav . The Vidarbha pacer made an immediate impact after he was drafted into the national side. He bowled exceptionally well on flat wickets in the home series against West Indies and was easily the pick of the India bowlers during the Australian tour. The consistent performance has given him the self-belief that he belongs at the highest level. Now, he wants to keep going and do well against in Sri Lanka , where he was sent as a nets bowler along with Jaidev Unadkat two years ago.\"When I toured there two years ago, I bowled in the nets. It's vast difference between bowling in the match and in the nets. However, it was a good exposure for me then bowling to the likes of Sachin Tendulkar , Rahul Dravid , VVS Laxman , Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir . I have an idea about the conditions. It's going to be challenging but I am prepared for it,\" Yadav told TOI before leaving to Sri Lanka.Yadav, who bowls consistently over 140km/hr, was rested for the Asia Cup. He bowled well in the IPL where he was the highest wicket-taker among Indians. While others may have rested during the break, Yadav worked a lot on his fitness besides spending time with his family and friends. \"I mainly focused on fitness. I am fitter than ever. I didn't bowl too much during the break. When you are playing international cricket, you need to be supremely fit. I am happy with the way I have been bowling for the last one year. I bowled well in the IPL. With Subroto sir, we discussed some minor points where I can improve,\" he said.The six-week break has done a world of good for him. He is feeling fresh and is in good frame of mind. \"It was certainly a good break for me. Before the Asia Cup , I had been playing continuous cricket for the past three-four years. Be it India 'A' tours, domestic matches or international matches in the last one year. However, I have been looked after well by the team management and BCCI. I want to play in all the formats but for me, Test cricket remain my top priority. If the team management and the selectors want to preserve me for the longer format, I am fine with it. I want to play for the country for long with same intensity. I am not somebody who would like to cut down on my pace. For that I need to look after my body properly and these breaks certainly help,\" said the 24-year-old.His mentor Subroto Bannerjee, a former Indian pacer, feels Yadav is a better bowler now. During the break they discussed thing or two on what areas Yadav needs to improve. \"He has been shaping up very well. We discussed about how to keep things tight. However, it's easier said than done at international level. You bowl to some world class batsmen who know how to create scoring opportunities. A good ball at the first class level may not be good enough at the international level. It was a good break for him and he has worked a lot on fitness. I am sure he will do well in Sri Lanka. He needs to bowl at different lengths there. Umesh is a fast learner and that's what you need to be at the highest level,\" Bannerjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15049990", "title": "Rabies claims eighth victim in Government Rajaji Hospital", "text": "MADURAI: The number of rabies-related deaths from the southern districts is on the rise with eight victims succumbing to the deadly disease in the last seven months at the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH).Rabies is caused by a virus, which affects the central nervous system and stray dogs are the common carriers of the disease in human settlements. According to doctors at the GRH, lack of awareness is one of the reasons why this disease continues to claim lives.Santhamoorthy (50), a mason from Karaikudi in Sivaganga district was bitten by a stray dog few months ago. According to his relatives, he had taken treatment at the local public health centre, but as he began falling sick, he was admitted to a private hospital in Karaikudi which referred him to the GRH, as he showed signs of rabies. However, the patient succumbed at the GRH on Thursday.Experts say that after a patient is admitted to the rabies cell at an advanced stage, not much can be done. \"We are helpless when they come to us at a terminal stage. The only thing we can do is to protect the family members by putting the infected person behind bars,\" GRH sources said.Among those who succumbed to the disease this year at the hospital are Duraisamy (56) of Sivaganga early this year, followed by the death of Selvapandi of Vedasandur in Dindigul district. Sources said the other five included a small boy. State president of the Government Doctors Association, Dr K Senthil says that 10% of the annual budget for medicines is allotted for rabies vaccines, which is about Rs 50 lakh. But one of the main reasons for the death is the lack of awareness. Many victims coming from low income groups think that just two or three vaccines suffice and do not continue with the full dose, he adds. \"Licensing of dogs and controlling the stray dog population is another important factor that has to be looked into on a war-footing,\" he said. The Madurai corporation area was crowded with stray dogs with the corporation authorities were not taking effective control measures, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053784", "title": "I am enjoying my 60's: Farooq Sheikh", "text": "As veteran actor Farooq Sheikh joins the league of actors in their 60's, he's excited to work with co-stars his age. And what more could have he asked for than signing a movie titled Club 60 where the actor will be shown celebrating that age, whcih is often associated with retirement.\"There is lot of energy in me. And I want to make use of it,\" he said. Farooq, who doesn't believe in jumping the gun and lapping up many projects at a time, said, \"Only one movie at a time. As my role goes in Club 60 I have to concentrate on it. Moreover, I have to work harder as the stellar cast includes stalwarts of cinema.\" Notably, the movie has all the actors who are above 60 including Sarika , Satish Shah, Tinu Anand, Raghubir Yadav and Sharat Saxena.Talking about the project, Sheikh said, \"It's a light movie stressing on optimistim. It's a great concept and will highlight many aspects of life.\" Sources said the movie is very close to its director and writer Sanjay Tripathy, who had once said that the story is inspired from his personal experiences and close observation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15050928", "title": "Folkie treat for theatre buffs", "text": "A play filled with a melange of folk songs and dance forms promises to be a treat for theatre aficionados in the city this weekend. The play, 'Chaama Chaluve' is based on a folk tale associated with goddess Chamundeshwari and god Nanjundeshwara. The play will feature folk songs and southern Karnataka's famous folk dance forms like 'Kamsale', 'Kolata' and 'Veeragase'. Around 50 amateur artistes, including a farmer, teachers, engineers and students will showcase their acting skills on the stage. A few characters in Shiva avatar will make their appearance from 70 feet above the stage while some characters will appear from the underground. According to director Mandya Ramesh, the play in folk form contains navarasas. It will discuss varied issues of modern society and god related aspects in detail. \"If a man has a problem, he will approach the god. What if the god has a problem? Whom should he approach? Characters in the play raise these questions and attempt to find answers to some of the perplexing issues,\" he said. Ramesh said the play was staged for the first time in the last week and received rave reviews. \"We are staging the play again this weekend on popular demand,\" he claimed. The play is written by Sujatha Akki while music is given by Pichalli Srinivasa. Prakash Chikpalya is the art director. The play will be staged on Saturday and Sunday at Dhwanyaloka at 7pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15050598", "title": "Maderna, Malkhan did not vote, Beniwal drops in at last moment", "text": "JAIPUR: Except for jailed Congress legislators Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, all other 200 members of the state assembly cast their votes for the presidential election on Thursday.In a peaceful election held at the assembly building, the polling would have been over by 2:45 pm but for the BJP's suspended legislator Hanuman Beniwal who chose to cast his vote only minutes before the closing time of 5 pm. By the afternoon, 196 legislators including chief minister Ashok Gehlot and leader of opposition Vasundhara Raje had exercised their franchise.The Congress stuck to its claim about getting votes of at least 116 legislators for the UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee , while BJP maintained it has got support of around 85 legislators for the NDA candidate PA Sangma.Beniwal, who refrained from disclosing if he voted for Sangma or Mukherjee, maintained that he has gone by his \"conscience\". In their official statements to the media, the BJP and the Congress leaders, nonetheless, kept counting Beniwal in their respective camps, even as they covertly admitted that the lone legislator's vote hardly made any difference in the all India election. \"I have followed my conscience,\" Beniwal told reporters after casting his vote around 4:45 pm.BJP chief whip Rajendra Rathore, who was the polling agent for Sangma, was the last to cast vote after Beniwal. Speaker Deependra Singh Shekhawat was the first to vote when the polling began at 10 am. Tourism minister Bina Kak and parliamentary secretary Mamta Bhupesh were already in the queue then, but they waited for the speaker to vote first.Before entering the booth, minister Kak had a minor altercation with a woman security person. Apparently unmindful of it, the minister was carrying her cellphone into the booth when the security personnel pointed out that the phones were not allowed in the polling station. This, however, irked the minister who angrily put the cellphone in her handbag and tossed it at the security, telling them in a harsh tone to guard it.In the morning, the BJP held a brief training for its legislators on how to cast votes for the presidential election where preferential voting is used. Former minister and senior BJP legislator Devi Singh Bhati cast the first from the opposition side. The BJP legislators reached in pairs to cast their votes, evoking the Congressmen to tease their rivals if pairing indicated the party's fears about cross voting in favour of Mukherjee.Independent legislator Golma Devi, who declared support for Sangma, had difficulty in identifying where to mark her vote. The legislator being illiterate could not read the candidates' names printed on the ballot paper and had to seek assistance from the election commission officials present there.Chief minister Gehlot remained seated in Congress chief whip Raghu Sharma's office before casting his vote in the afternoon after Raje. The Congress legislators were meeting Gehlot in Sharma's chamber before casting their votes. The group of Congress's disgruntled legislators maintained distance from the chief minister and turned up together to cast votes. Barmer's Sonaram Chaudhary, however, voted separately in the morning. Industries minister Rajendra Pareek and deputy speaker Ramnarayan Meena was among the last to vote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15051097", "title": "Early man\u2019s diet included cooked plants, not just meat", "text": "LONDON: Early man is known to be a meat-eater, but a new study suggests that his menu included a range of cooked plant food, which also had medicinal and nutritional values.An international team of researchers led by the Universitat Autonoma de Barcelona and the University of York found evidence that Neanderthals not only ate a range of roasted food, but also understood its nutritional and medicinal qualities, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Until recently Neanderthals , who disappeared between 30,000 and 24,000 years ago, were thought to be predominantly meat-eaters .The researchers studied material trapped in calcified dental plaque from five Neanderthals from the north Spanish site of El Sidron. \"The varied use of plants we identified suggests that the Neanderthal occupants of El Sidron had a sophisticated knowledge of their natural surroundings which included the ability to select and use certain plants for their nutritional value and for self-medication,\" said lead author Karen Hardy, research professor at the Universitat Autonoma de Barcelona.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049160", "title": "1,000 BEST buses to get speed limiters", "text": "MUMBAI: The BEST Undertaking has decided to instal nearly 1,000 speed limiters on its red buses by August 31.This will coincide with school buses in Mumbai being fitted with speed governors by that date, as has been made mandatory by the government.The state government has made it mandatory for all school buses to be fitted with governors having speed limit of 40 kmph from September 1.Though it is not mandatory for BEST buses to have speed limiters, the transport undertaking has decided to install the device on its own.\"We are keen on restricting speed in order to prevent accidents, rash driving and over-speeding involving our buses,\" a senior official said, confirming that the speed limit would be restricted to 65 kmph by August-end on the 1,000 buses. The same will be done for the rest of the fleet, which includes over 4,500 buses, based on the feedback BEST gets for the first phase of the project.The official said the speed limiters were being developed at BEST workshops.\"We are fixing the speed limit internally and not attaching any external device,\" he added.The decision to instal speed limiters was taken at a BEST committee meeting over a month ago. The undertaking installed the limiters in ten buses on an experimental basis. The speed limit was fixed at 50 kmph, but there were complaints from drivers that it was difficult to drive at such a low speeds during non-peak hours and when traffic was less on roads, an official said. \"The bus drivers requested the traffic branch to increase the speed by 5 to 10 kmph. After we took a review, we decided to increase the speed limit to 55 and subsequently to 65 kmph,'' the official said. As per Motor Vehicle Rules, the maximum speed limit for buses can be set at 65 kmph.Meanwhile, Anil Garg of the School Bus Operators' Association said: \"Why is the state fixing the speed limit for school buses at 40 kmph? It should be 65kmph as is the case with BEST buses.\"-Somit SenSources said that the transport commissioner's office has plans to amend the speed limit for school buses from 40 to 50 kmph, but not to 65 kmph.Meanwhile, of the 1,000 BEST buses, some will be fitted with speed limiters of 55 kmph but a majority will have a limit of 65 kmph, sources stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15050037", "title": "'Congress MLAs decide to quit, Sonia to take final call'", "text": "BHOPAL: Angry over the expulsion of two of their collogues from the state assembly, the Congress Legislative Party (CLP) on Thursday decided to resign en masse from the House, if their party president Sonia Gandhi allows them to do so.\"All the party legislators have offered to resign collectively from the assembly to protest the annulment of membership of deputy CLP leader Choudhary Rakesh Singh Chaturvedi and Kalpana Parulekar on Wednesday. I am going to communicate their decision to Soniaji, who would take the final call on it,\" the party state affair in-charge B K Hariprasad told reporters after emerging out of the Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) building late on Thursday night.He said the decision to expel the two members of the party was undemocratic and unconstitutional. Instead of allowing a debate on corruption the membership of Chaturvedi and Parulekar was terminated, he said.\"We are going to fight the government on streets and courts against the undemocratic manner in which our members were expelled. Such tactics to suppress our voice against corruption won't work. Rather we are going to intensify our protest against corruption,\" Hariprasad, also party general secretary, added.All Congress legislators and state party chief Kantilal Bhuria were present at the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15050638", "title": "Himachal: Government sops to woo employees for votes", "text": "SHIMLA: The Himachal Pradesh government may be struggling to pay salaries to its employees owing its bad financial condition, but in the election year it is not hesitating from doling out sops to woo employees for votes. With strong force of 3.37 lakh employees, including regular, contractual, part time, daily wagers, employees in past have influenced the elections and knowing this chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal in the joint consultative committee (JCC) meeting of employees organizations have agreed to give time scale of 4-9-14 that was pending for last many years.According to sources, financial condition of government is not good as it is depended heavily on loans to manage affairs, but it took the decisions of meeting the pending demands of employees keeping in mind the coming assembly elections. In last two months state finance departments has took loan of Rs 860 crore, while the Reserve Bank of India is turning down the request of Rs 800 crore loan has agreed for Rs 100 crore only.As of now most of the recruitments in government are being on contractual basis, in the JCC meeting, government has tried to woo the 42,000 contractual employees too by offering them medical leave of 10 days in a year, while earlier they were allowed only 12 days casual leave. The state government also announced the adoption of a uniform policy for providing compassionate employment to kith and kin of government employees which would also cover the contractual employees.Not stopping here, the government in the meeting also agreed that contractual employees will be eligible for transfer after three years, instead of five years condition earlier. The government has also agreed that all contractual employees would be covered under the national health insurance scheme.Not forgetting to count 80,000 Class-IV employees, the chief minister during the meeting announced to grant of one special increment to IV employees on completion of 20 years of service.To please all, government also announced housing loan facility to the state employees on the pattern of Union government on the basis of basic pay of revised pay scales by removing upper limit of Rs 7.5 lakh.Quick to take the credit, BJP general secretary Dr Rajeev Bindal said, through the decisions taken in Wednesday's JCC, state government has given Rs 500 crore added benefit to employees. Terming BJP government in the state well wishers of employees, Bindal said, previous Congress government in the state had blocked employment opportunity in the state by entering an MoU with the Centre. \"Congress regime made contractual appointment without framing any policy or guidelines. Shortcomings were later rectified by present BJP government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15049985", "title": "Online passport application process simplified in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: The regional passport office (RPO), Trichy has decided to allow seven categories of passport applicants on a walk-in basis instead of getting online appointment, to apply for passports from July 23.The decision came after it was observed that the applicants were facing difficulties in getting online appointment, as the number of passport applicants has been on the rise.Hence, the RPO concluded to relax the online appointment norm to seven categories of applicants.Physically challenged persons; senior citizens (above 60 years); minors below 15 years whose parents holding valid passports; Central/state government employees, their spouses and dependent minor children who have 'no objection certificate/identity certificate; applications for deletion of ECR status from the passport without any change in personal details; applications for name of the spouse in the passport and applications with valid passports, seeking new booklets in case of exhaustion of visa pages can henceforth apply for passports without obtaining prior appointment, according to a statement issued by the ROP here.The statement said that such applicants should be present with the printed copy of the online application form with application registration number (ARN) along with required documents while applying for passport.The system will come into effect from July 23 at two passport seva kendras (PSKs) in Trichy and Thanjavur that function under the RPO, Trichy. The walk-in applicants will be allowed between 10am and 12pm only on working days.However, the passport office is allowing tatkal applications (PSK in Trichy only), police clearance certificate, rejected and defective applicants on walk-in basis, the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15048561", "title": "'Anju Mahendru present as Kaka took his final breath'", "text": "MUMBAI: She continued to be the eternal 'other woman' in superstar Rajesh Khanna's life. The woman who Khanna abandoned for the beautiful Dimple Kapadia was by his side when he passed away.Filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt, who first met Anju after her break-up with Khanna in the house he gifted her, said, \"After I learnt of Khanna's death through the media, I thought of Anju because I knew she would be affected by his death. I managed to reach her late at night and learnt that Khanna and Anju had got together in the last years of his life. She used to take care of his medical needs and even accompanied him to hospital. Holding back her tears, she told me, 'My only consolation is that I was holding his hand when he took his last breath'.\"Bhatt added, \"It is really heartbreaking to see that she had to take a strange route to reconnect with her first love.\" Khanna's friend Bharathi Pradhan said, \"Kaka and Anju had become friends much before he fell ill. When he bought a new office, Anju used to work with him. He also told me how happy he was when Anju told him that she had bought a car. That is the kind of relationship they shared.\"She added, \"Anju had given an interview to a publication after Kaka got married, hinting that he continued visiting her home.\" On Thursday morning, Anju was there with Khanna's family at the Pawan Hans crematorium. Anju could not hold back her tears when she saw Khanna's grandson Aarav light the pyre. A source said, \"Both she and Dimple cried. Rinke held on to her mother even as Anju's tears continued to roll down her face.\"'Kaka was a fantastic host'A notice was once put up at a club saying that members would not be allowed inside if they were wearing lungis. Kaka purposely wore a kurta and lungi for lunch at the club with wife Dimple and sister-in-law Simple. He was a fantastic host and made sure all his guests were looked after. He and whichever woman was in his life at the time made sure guests got garam rotis and drinks.Made guru kurtas famousActor Ratna Pathak's father Baldev Pathak used to design costumes for Rajesh Khanna till 1979. His brother, H D Pathak, said, \"My brother was the proprietor of Srimaan Costumes at Churchgate and he designed the guru kurta and safaris worn by Khanna, which became a huge hit with the masses. Even people from Kolkata used to come and buy clothes from him. He once sold about 2,000 guru kurtas after Khanna wore it in one of his films.\"'Not sad at all'I am not feeling sad at all. When I went to meet him at his residence just four days ago, I saw a happy, smiling man, says film-maker R Balki. That is the memory I have of him. The three days I spent shooting the commercial with him were memorable. For the ad, I wanted a superstar who once had a huge fan following but not today. Kaka understood that and agreed to do the ad with me. He came to Bangalore to shoot the commercial with a fractured leg and kept taking painkillers but did not complain. He loved the camera and was a completely different man once it was switched on. He was very sharp and knew exactly what he was doing. Some portions of the commercial that could not be used had Kaka doing a small jig on the song Achcha toh hum chalte hain as if he was bidding goodbye to the camera.His last film shootRajesh Khanna had last shot for Ashok Tyagi's film for 6 days before he fell ill. The film also features Aryeman Ramsay.Listen to Rajesh Khanna's evergreen hits", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15048817", "title": "Korchi resolved; Bhamragarh, Etapalli awaiting admn interference", "text": "NAGPUR: The speculation about the existing stalemate at affected tehsils like Bhamragarh and Etapalli took centrestage in Naxal-affected Gadchiroli district a day after the district administration managed to resolve the issue and get the elected representatives withdraw their resignations in Korchi taluka. District collector Abhishek Krishna and SP Suwez Haque, who helped resolve the Korchi deadlock, are slated to attend a meeting in Mumbai on Friday on resignations and other such issues.The district administration's intervention in Korchi taluka had ensured that around 28 protesting village headmen and their deputies along with 114 members of panchayat samiti withdraw their resignations.Prior to Korchi, several elected representatives of Zilla Parishad (ZP) and Panchayat Samiti (PS) had resigned in Bhamragarh and Etapalli talukas also. While the reason for resignations furnished was want of development in Korchi, the elected representatives from Bhamragarh and Etapalli said their personal grievances behind the step. Though reasons furnished for resignations differed in their contexts, security agencies feel that Naxals' fear likely to have played a crucial role behind the mass resignations.In Etapalli, three ZP and four PS members had resigned apart from 16 village headmen which rendered the local civic bodies paralyzed. In Bhamragarh too, two ZP and four PS members, along with a dozen of village headmen, had resigned.The district administration's intervention, which helped resolve the Korchi issue, has now raised hope in the two talukas also. According collector Krishna, initiatives are being taken at both taluka and village level to resolve the crisis. He sounded hopeful that work of the civic bodies would not be allowed to get choked by the appointment of administrators wherever possible.While resignations have been furnished across the district, the same had not been accepted at most places as per the decision of the state government. The district administration is bound to face technical problem in appointing administrators at such places where the elected representatives have remained absent from work but their resignations are yet to be officially accepted. \"We will do whatever possible to ensure the civic bodies remains functional and tribal population is not affected adversely,\" he said.ZP CEO 'transferred'Gadchiroli Zilla Parishad's chief executive officer (CEO) Sumant Bhange has been transferred on Thursday, it is learnt. Bhange was learnt to have faced the action following the fiasco at his office which led to the arrest of Congress MLA Dr Namdeo Usendi and other senior leaders. Usendi and his supporters were booked following an agitation at the ZP office on the issue of punctuality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15049355", "title": "HC raps school for retaining certificates of resigned teachers", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has come down strongly on a private school in Mandaveli for refusing to return the original certificates of three teachers who had resigned and ordered police to initiate criminal action against the management.Hearing a petition by A John Paul, Belshiya and G Sreelatha, a single bench of the court ordered the Foreshore Estate police to register a case and file a final report after investigating the retention of the certificates by St John's Senior Secondary School and Junior School. Retention of the certificates will amount to an offence under IPC section 406 (breach of trust), it said. \"The management has no authority in law to retain the certificates after the teachers resigned. Certificates of the petitioners cannot be retained like a ransom,\" Justice S Nagamuthu said in the order.In their petition filed on March 28, the three teachers said that when they joined service, the school insisted that they submit their original certificates, including marksheets of SSLC, class 12 and degree. In 2010-11, after they resigned they approached the management for their certificates. The school refused saying they had to pay three months' salary. \"As all efforts to get back our certificates failed, we approached the inspector of the Foreshore Estate police station to take action against the management. But police did not take any action,\" the petition said.The management admitted the certificates were in its custody but said that at the time of entering service, it was agreed that any teacher leaving service in the middle of an academic year would have to pay back three months salary to get back his/her original certificates. \"Retention of certificates by management would not amount to an offence and therefore no direction can be issued by the high court for filing a case,\" it said in its counter.The court disagreed and said the original certificates were properties that could not be transferred even by means of an agreement. \"Since the said term in the agreement is obviously void, it does not require any adjudication by the court and the retention of certificates is unlawful,\" the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15049602", "title": "Bihar protests denial of allocated power", "text": "PATNA: Bihar has lodged a strong protest to the Centre over the denial of its allocated share of 600MW of power from Subansiri hydel plant in Arunachal Pradesh. The state government once again raised the issue before the Planning Commission in New Delhi on Tuesday.Strongly protesting against the Centre's decision to stop power supply to Bihar, state energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav demanded reallocation of 600MW from the hydel project.The National Hydel Power Corporation (NHPC), a central government undertaking, had signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) in 2003 for providing 30% of the 2000MW power generated by the plant.The NHPC had finally diverted its allocated power to the western sector, completely ignoring the terms and conditions of the 2003 MoU. Faced with acute power crisis, the state government has started exploring options for additional power allocations, particularly from hydel power plants in Bhutan and Nepal. The hydel units in Bhutan - Punatsangchhu and Mangdechhu - are likely to be operational by 2016-17. Bihar is willing to invest in hydroelectric projects ( HEPs) in Bhutan for a better deal in power allocation, Yadav said.The power allocation to Bihar is also likely from upcoming Aruna-3 project in Nepal. Sutlej Jal Vidyut Nigam Ltd. (SJVNL) is constructing the project in Nepal. Around 700MW will be available for India which would be transferred through double circuit line to 400KV substation of Muzaffarpur power grid.At least 250MW power can be allocated to Bihar through the proposed transmission line between Kishanganj and Patna (400KV D/C) under the Sikkim HEP, the minister said.The augmentation of 5,000MW would come up in the 12th five-year plan in which Bihar may get 500MW. The government has already assured to make land and water available for setting up an ultra mega power project in the state. It has also requested the Union ministry of power for urgent action in this regard, Yadav said.The minister pointed out the shortcomings in the existing Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojana (RGGVY), which included limited coverage of even the BPL household, no provision for rural industries and agricultural loads and low capacity distribution transformer vulnerable to burnouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049648", "title": "Similar mishap occurred in October last year", "text": "MUMBAI: Dr Sandhya Kamat, dean of Sion Hospital said of the five people who were admitted, one had his pelvis broken and has been kept under observation in ICU. \"Similarly, two others have fractured their lower leg and jaw bone. The other two injured are also in the hospital though not injured critically,\" she told TOI, pointing out that the one was brought dead to the hospital by the rescue squad.The names of critically injured have been identified as Raju and Abhijit. Three others, Dashrath Deva, Mangal Mandal and Virendra (all aged between 20 to 35), although not discharged, are not seriously injured, doctors said.According to some sources they were passing below the under-construction bridge and only one or two could be labourers working on the eastern freeway project.On October 24, 2011 a similar mishap had occurred when the girder, which was being launched with the help of two cranes, fell on labourers near Mysore Colony area near Chembur. Fortunately no one was injured in the mishap. This incident had occurred on the next section of the eastern freeway (i.e Anik-Panjrapol Link Road (APLR)) elev-ated corridor.The project involves construction of an elevated road between Princess Dock on P D'Mello road and Anik bus depot in Wadala. From Wadala it is being connected to Panjrapol near R K Studios in Chembur via a tunnel through the BARC area. The Rs 600 crore project is being funded by the central government under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). The next portion of this project between Panjrapol and Ghatkopar-Mankhurd link road is yet to take shape. The total length of the project is around 22 km.The agency involved in the construction of the mishap-hit part of freeway is Simplex Infrastructure while CES is the consultant for the project. MMRDA is the nodal agency which is financing the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15050176", "title": "Indore reports highest institutional deliveries among 8 EAG states: Survey", "text": "INDORE: While there are health parameters that have presented gloomy picture of the city, there is a reason to cheer. The city has reported the maximum number of institutional deliveries at 92.5% among eight Empowered Action Group (EAG) states of the country. The highest of 92.5% institutional deliveries have been reported from Indore district, says a survey by Census India.This is in contrast that nearly 170 out of 284 districts have reported less than 60% hospital deliveries. The least rate of 16.8% is reported from Balrampur district in Uttar Pradesh, if the recently released annual health survey conduced by Census India is to be believed.Not only Indore, the state has faired well as compared to states like Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Uttarakhand, Assam, Rajasthan and Odisha. While Madhya Pradesh has recorded 76.1% institutional deliveries, Chhattisgarh has reported the lowest at 34.9% among the states. According to the report, out of total institutional deliveries, 86% deliveries took place at government hospitals and private hospitals contributed only 13.8%.Elated with the performance of city along with the state, health department is now targeting to achieve millennium development goals set up by the United Nations . Indore Division Joint Director, Dr Sharad Pandit said, \"This is big achievement for us. The efforts put up by the team have brought the good results for the city. We are hopeful to meet Millennium Development Goals by the scheduled deadline particularly in maternal health.\"Apart from maximum number of institutional deliveries, Madhya Pradesh has performed better than other states in safe deliveries. Safe deliveries that are assisted by doctor, nurse and other support staffers. A maximum of 82.2% safe deliveries were recorded in the sample survey conduced by Census India while the minimum was found in Jharkhand.In Indore, a whopping 96.3% institutional deliveries were reported as safe. About one-fourth of the districts have reported less than 50% as far as the safe deliveries are concerned. Out of 14 districts reporting 90% and above safe deliveries, 10 belong to Madhya Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15051102", "title": "Pandey loses Tata Workers Union election", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The polling to the Tata Workers Union (TWU) that went for almost two days came up with a surprise result on Thursday. Raghunath Pandey, largely recognized as the popular worker's leader, lost the president's post to his rival P N Singh by a narrow margin of seven votes.In the highly competitive election for the post of president, Singh bagged 108 votes while Pandey, who held office for two consecutive terms, had to be content with 101 votes.\"I was confident of winning the election convincingly but calculations went wrong as few of my own men ditched me at the eleventh hour,\" said Pandey.Established in 1920, the TWU has been represented by iconic leader Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose in the early years of its formation.Final result of the 11-member committee of the union is expected by late Thursday night. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15054187", "title": "I'll fight with censor board for 'Kya Super...': Ekta", "text": "Alleging that she is censor's \"favourite punching bag\", TV and film producer Ekta Kapoor is again at loggerheads with the censor board for her upcoming film 'Kya Super Kool Hain Hum' and has said she will not give up easily.Produced by Ekta Kapoor, 'Kya Super....' has already run into controversy because of its adult content and its trailer has also been given an 'A' certificate by the Censor Board of Film Certification (CBFC).\"I share a love-hate relation with Censor Board. I feel I am censor's favourite punching bag. I don't blame them. The problem is that the censor board is under huge pressure like anybody can file a PIL on a film. They have to answer why they passed the film. The agendas are never questioned but the action gets,\" Ekta told PTI.The CBFC refused to show the trailer of 'Kya Super Kool Hain Hum' in theatres till three scenes from it are not deleted. To deal with the situation, the makers uploaded the uncut trailer on the Internet.But the filmmaker is determined to fight with the censor board for her upcoming film.\"I am going to fight till the last minute. I would want to have scenes back in the film. They are fun scenes. We have a deadline to fight till next Tuesday or Wednesday because after that we have a release. I hope they understand our point of view,\" she said.\"There are three scenes, dialogues and name changing for a character in the film and lots of other issues. When it is an adult film why is there a censorship on it as well. The issue is not about we going with this adult comedy film but will some political issue happen or not,\" Ekta said.\"We have liberals and orthodox living in the same society. So we have those who want society to progress and some want to confine to old traditions. We are constantly threatened by two diametrically opposite ideologies, so the censor board has to keep both in mind,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15048844", "title": "No target set for small savings schemes", "text": "NAGPUR: The government does not appear keen on investments into postal small savings schemes. For the first time, no target has been set for net collections into these schemes that include public provident fund (PPF) and national savings certificates available through post office counters as well as nationalized banks. The schemes are managed through National Saving Institute headquartered in Nagpur.The mop-up which finally becomes part of national small savings fund (NSSF), is categorized into gross and net collections. The latter includes what remains for the given financial year after outgoes on maturity are deducted. Last year, a target of Rs 30,000 crore was set for net collections which could not be attained due to outflows exceeding inflows. The gross collection in the previous year was Rs 2,18,000 crore, more than the target by a couple of thousand crores.Considering the dismal performance, it was decided not to have any specific target for net collections this year, said a source. However, this is not the only reason. Higher investment into these schemes will only increase government's interest burden. Higher outgo is now preferable, said sources in ministry of finance.The funds from investors go to NSSF from which state governments are provided long-term loans at around 9%. However, since last five to six years states are not much interested in NSSF loans as cheaper funds are available through open market. Returns on loans generate funds to pay interest to investors in small savings schemes. Over the years, the shortfall in NSSF's income due to lack of interest by state governments is being borne by the Centre, which has to shell out around Rs 16,000 crore per year, said a source.The burden is only increasing for the government and it wants fresh investment into the schemes to remain at minimum. Even the target for gross collections is lower by Rs 2,000 crore of actual collection of Rs 2,18,000 crore last year. As of May 2012, gross collections in the schemes stood at Rs 30,552 crore as against over Rs 32,200 crore being taken out. The collection is already 84% of the target but with no specific target for net collections, there will be a little effort for re-deployment of funds or taking gross collections to such a level that the outflow does not surpass inflows, the source said.The interest on some schemes has been also increased from April 2012 and that too has resulted in beefing up collections. Rates in savings and time deposits have been increased from 0.30% to 05% at a maximum of 8.50% for five years. NSC rates have been increased by 0.20% and public provident fund by 0.20%. Rates on bank fixed deposits are on the higher side at 9% for long term but, unlike PPF, those are taxable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15050214", "title": "Centre tells PMC to ready water management plans", "text": "PUNE: With the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) phase-II slated to be launched in the coming few months, the central government has sought to know from municipal corporations the status of water supply in cities, implementation of meter billing along with other reforms, including the city's water footprint.\"If the reforms are connected to government funding, politicos don't oppose it. A water footprint will force Pune's politicians to agree on radical reforms such as compulsory water meters, water audit and control on water theft,\" said a state Urban Development Department (UDD) official.The Centre has told the state governments and local self-governing bodies that water security for the future will depend on its efficient management and that there was a need to be conscious of water footprints and evolve benchmarks for its efficient use.Following the meeting of consultative committee of members of Parliament on the issue of water resources in Delhi, the government has directed states and local governing bodies that the planning, development and management of water resources has to keep pace with current realities.In its communique, the Centre has insisted that a broad over-arching national legal framework of general principles on water is necessary for essential legislation on governance of water in every state.The local bodies have been asked to prepare their own plans for water management on the lines of the National Water Policy.The policy recommends that management of irrigation systems should move away from a narrow engineering-construction-centric approach to a more multi-disciplinary and participatory approach.\"The Central government has already asked the municipal corporation to bring radical reforms in civic water supply. The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is likely to lose its share of funds under the JNNURM phase-II if the corporation fails to prioritize water management and drinking water supply before they apply for central funds,\" said a civic officer.Based on the condition that the cost of service and its recovery should be equal under the JNNURM, the central government had set up water meters for all consumers in the JNNURM cities. The PMC general body, however, had scrapped water meter system for domestic users in April 1, 2000. It has been billing users on a system based on the annual rateable value of their property. The proposal of water meters is still pending with the PMC, said the officer.The Centre has also insisted on a public-private-partnership (PPP) for water management. \"There is a critical need for mainstreaming PPP in these sectors, as it not only brings in the much-needed capital but also because it brings about greater efficiency and higher levels of customer satisfaction,\" said the officerThe PMC administration has proposed involvement of private players to renovate the water supply system, but politicos are divided on this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "15049859", "title": "Nishank flays Bahuguna on Tehri project power share", "text": "DEHRADUN: Uttarakhand Chief Minister Vijay Bahuguna was criticized by former CM Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank on Wednesday for his government's failure to obtain 25% power share for Uttarakhand, generated by the 1000mw Tehri hydel project.\"Bahuguna's failure on this count has worsened the state's power situation which is already grappling with a severe deficit,\" said Pokhriyal.The Tehri hydel project is owned by Tehri Hydropower Development Corporation (THDC) and is a joint venture of Uttar Pradesh and the Central government. \"Bahuguna has been unable to do it despite a Congress-led government at the Centre,\" said Pokhriyal.In June, Pokriyal met Union Power Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and demanded that Uttar Pradesh's equity be transferred to Uttrakhand as the Tehri project was located in the state. UP is a 25% shareholder in the Tehri project while the Centre has a share of 75%. Uttarakhand currently gets 12-13% of power generated at Tehri.Pokhriyal also denied that two of the state-government-owned hydel projects including the 320mw Pala Maneri and 380mw Bhairav Ghati power projects were scrapped by the UPA Government on the BJP's recommendation in 2010. \"These projects, shut down to conserve Ganga and Bhagirathi, were done at the behest of former Environment Minister Jairam Ramesh ,\" said Pokhriyal.He said UPA Government took these steps as it was biased against the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "gadchiroli", "code": "15052566", "title": "Encounter between CRPF and Naxals in Maharashtra", "text": "GADCHIROLI: An encounter broke out between CRPF jawans and Maoists in Kaneri forest in Dhanora taluka of the district on Friday.The firing between the two sides began at around 7.30am, police said.Acting on a tip-off that there was a Naxal hideout in the forest area, jawans of CRPF 192 battalion rushed to the site.On seeing the forces, the ultras started firing at them and in retaliation police also opened fire.According to latest reports, police say Naxals have fled the area and the firing has stopped.A search operation is on in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "15049059", "title": "Patient by day, thief by night", "text": "CALANGUTE: A drug addict from Naibaug, Pernem, hit upon a clever way to rob tourists while undergoing detoxification at a clinic. He would pretend to be undergoing treatment in a clinic and then sneak out during the early hours and return before daylight after committing a robbery.This man's unique modus operandi, reminiscent of the robberies committed by inmates of Apna Ghar, came to light when tourist Vikas Bharadwaj, a resident of Bangalore lodged a complaint with Calangute police on Thursday morning that on July 16 between 3am and 7.30am some person entered his room at a hotel in Baga, and stole a cellphone along with charger and headphone, a shirt and cash, all worth 25,000.A police team led by Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo visited the hotel and on viewing CCTV footage saw the robber exiting with the stolen booty from the room. The robber while exiting paused to look at the CCTV camera and was easily identifiable. Using their intelligence network, police identified the man as Vinay Haldankar. When they attempted to trace him, they learnt he was undergoing drug detoxification treatment at a clinic in Panaji.Police then went to the clinic and brought Haldankar to Calangute police station and confronted him with the CCTV footage.On questioning he confessed to having committed the robbery and said he had sold the cellphone to Amol Chavan, a security guard at the clinic. The police then took Chavan into custody and have so far recovered Rs 21,600 in cash from him, which were the proceeds from the sale of three cellphones, all of which had been handed over to him by Haldankar.After sustained interrogation, Haldankar confessed to having stolen the other cellphones from Canacona from a parked scooter. According to police, Haldankar and Chavan were partners. Haldankar would pretend to be undergoing drug detoxification treatment in the clinic and at night would sneak out of the clinic, commit a robbery and return to the clinic with the assistance of the security guard. Both have been placed under arrest and further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049729", "title": "India supports UN resolution against Syria; vetoed by Russia, China", "text": "NEW DELHI: India was among 11 countries which on Thursday voted in favour of a UNSC resolution that sought to slap sanctions on the Syrian regime but which was vetoed by Russia and China.Western countries have been pushing for a resolution that threatens sanctions against the regime of President Bashar Al Assad if government forces don't stop attacks.Explaining its stand, India said it voted in favour of the resolution to facilitate united action by the Security Council in support of the efforts of the joint special envoy Kofi Annan. It regretted that the resolution was vetoed.\"It may be noted that the resolution supported the extension of UNSMIS mandate and the implementation of the six-point plan and the Action Group's Final Communique in their entirety. In our view, it would have been preferable for the council members to show flexibility so that a united message could be conveyed to all sides to the Syrian crisis instead of pursuance of domestic interests,'' said Hardeep Puri, India's permanent representative to the UN. He regretted that the council was not able to adopt the resolution and send a joint message that was sought by Annan.India also expressed condolences to Syria on the terrorist attack in Damascus that caused the deaths of a number of high officials, including deputy prime minister and defence minister Dawood Rajha. \"We strongly condemn this mindless and cowardly act of terrorism.''However, Russia has opposed any international effort that would blame, punish or change the leadership of the Syrian government. Russia and China have vetoed two previous draft resolutions in the UN Security Council, leading to accusations that Russia is protecting the Syrian regime.The resolution proposed by France, Germany, UK and the US sought to slap non-military sanctions against the regime. UK's permanent representative to the UN Mark Lyall Grant said Britain was \"appalled\" by the decision of Russia and China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15050197", "title": "Maruti Manesar mayhem: Over 90 officials hospitalized", "text": "GURGAON: Scores of anxious relatives and friends thronged the emergency wards of some of the city hospitals, as over 90 HR and management officials of Maruti Manesar plant, who were grievously injured were admitted there. They were admitted in the Civil Hospital, on Wednesday night.However, 63 of these officials reportedly left the Civil Hospital to get better and advanced medical care at private hospitals. Artemis Hospital in Sector 51 catered to 36, of which 19 were discharged by afternoon. Six, including two Japanese nationals, are still in the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) in Artemis. Twenty-six were rushed to Medanta hospital, of which 10 have been discharged Ten injured employees were admitted to Paras hospital as well.Gurgaon police commissioner K K Sindhu, said that 62 of the injured employees have been discharged after primary treatment, while 23, including the two Japanese nationals are still in critical.\"Over 50 senior executives, including two Japanese, were injured and admitted to various private hospitals,\" said deputy commissioner of police Maheshwar Dayal. Dr Vishal Sehgal of Artemis said, \"36 injured employees were brought to the hospital till 9pm on Wednesday from the Maruti Manesar plant. Most had received head injuries and some had fractures as well. Of these 36, we admitted 17, while the remaining 19 were discharged after first aid.\"Considering the severity of their wounds, Artemis admitted six of them to the ICU. \"Four more patients were brought to the hospital late on Thursday afternoon, of whom we had to admit three. The fourth was discharged after first aid,\" explained Sehgal, head, Emergency and Trauma, Artemis Hospital, Gurgaon.Sehgal also said that the two Japanese nationals have been identified as 50-year-old Torri and 46-year-old Saijo, who were brought in with head and orthopaedic injuries caused by blunt trauma.The doctors at Artemis Hospital confirmed that all the admitted patients were fine and had stable vitals. Some of the patients had burn injuries as well. All the injured were mostly supervisors, who were beaten with iron rods and had injuries all over their bodies.The doctors were trying to administer basic treatment and discharge those with minor injuries, so that the emergency beds would be available for the ones with major injuries.A team of senior officials from Maruti were seen providing information to the family members at the hospitals.\"I was beaten with iron rods and I saw many of my colleagues getting beaten up mercilessly,\" said a supervisor, who could barely talk because of a swollen mouth. He was discharged early.\"We saw fire coming out of a nearby office and it spread gradually,\" said a senior official at Maruti. \"The workers destroyed our cars as well as the company's vehicles. Police had to escort us out,\" he added. The officer was treated for head and rib injuries and had a broken hand too.The top management officials of the company visited the injured employees. \"Their experience was shocking. A few of them were critical, while others are recovering. However, they would take some time to come out of the trauma,\" said Maruti Suzuki India Ltd, in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15050788", "title": "Bank launches campaign to bring more customers", "text": "Mangalore: The Syndicate Bank has launched a special current account savings account (CASA) campaign with multi-benefits from July 16 across its over 2750 branches in the country. The campaign is aimed at bringing more new customers - both individuals and business enterprises - into the bank's fold and also to augment CASA deposit of the bank. The special campaign will conclude on September 30. The main attraction of the campaign is that the bank offers multi-benefits (comprehensive package) to the savings bank customers and current account holders. These include instant global debit cards (VISA/Maestro), SyndSuraksha (life insurance cover for SB accounts against premium payment), mobile banking, SMS banking, internet banking and NEFT/RTGS facility among others. The campaign also offers arogya mediclaim policy for SB account holders against premium payment, POS terminals to traders and retail outlets and online utility bill payments. The bank is aiming at substantial growth under CASA portfolio during the special campaign period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15054502", "title": "Doctor gets bail in culpable homicide case", "text": "RAJKOT: A local court in Rajkot has granted bail to Dr. Bhavesh Vithalani who had been booked for culpable homicide in connection with the 28-year-old woman's death case.According to police officials, Sonal alias Snehal Bhatti, 28, a resident of copper city complex on Jamnagar Road was undergoing a treatment at Dr. Bhavesh Vithalani's hospital located at Indira Circle in the city.After a primary check-up, Sonal was sent to Nandani Laboratory located at Trikon Baug in the city for X-Ray and other tests on 23 June. Dr. Bhavesh Vithalani had also come there.After the X-Ray Dr. Vithalani gave an injection to Sonal but within the few minutes she died on the spot. Sonal died on 23 June.This incident angered the family members of deceased Sonal and rushed to the Nandani laboratory and had ransacked the office and reportedly man handled Dr. Bhavesh Vithalani by angry people.Police later on booked Dr. Bhavesh Vithalani under various sections of Indian Penal code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15050009", "title": "Gurap horror accused held after 8 days", "text": "KOLKATA: CID officers finally managed to nab the key accused, Shyamal Ghosh, in the Gurap horror home case on Thursday. Ghosh had been absconding since the body of 32-year-old Guriya was exhumed on July 11 from the premises of Dulal Smriti Sansad home at Khajurdaha. Investigations revealed that Ghosh was instrumental in Guriya's death and burial of her body.The accused had returned to his Bhabanipore home adjacent to Khajurdaha on Wednesday night to collect money and clothes. He had been running from one place to another. For a few days, he stayed at his relative's house at Shimlagarh. But he fled from there after Pandua police picked up his trail.On Wednesday night, he had planned to sneak into his room, collect money and escape. But plain-clothes sleuths kept a close watch on his house. The moment he came on a bicycle, police circled the house and arrested him.Police booked him under section 302 (murder), 120B (criminal conspiracy) and 34 (common intention). However, CID has not brought any rape charge against him, because it would be difficult to prove it as the exhumed body was highly decomposed. \"To ascertain sexual abuse on her, we have to resort to forensic tests,\" said investigating officer Sarbari Bhattacharyya.Later on Thursday, Ghosh was produced before the court of the Chinsura CJM, Manjushree Mandal, who remanded him in police custody. Ghosh was then taken to Gurap police station and from there to CID headquarters at Bhawani Bhawan in Kolkata. There, CID interrogated him in the presence of the home's owner and secretary Uday Chand Kumar, Ghosh's henchman Sandip Das and doctor Kanchan Mandal, who issued Guriya's death certificate. The certificate was submitted to police, said special DIG, CID (operations) Shankar Chakraborty.Interrogation revealed Ghosh used to smuggle out food items from the home and sold them in the market. Because of his proximity to Kumar, he enjoyed access to the inner-most corner of home anytime. Taking advantage of this freedom, he used to sexually abuse the inmates.Police investigation revealed that Shyamal has sexually abused many of the inmates. He is the person behind the deaths of several inmates of the home who were illegaly buried on the bank of Damodar at Jamalpur.Meanwhile, another inmate of the home Mamoni Das, who fled on her way to hospital, was traced to have lodged in her relative's house in Alipurduar. The CID is planning to bring her back as she could be a very important witness of the horror home case. After interrogating her, we might add more charges against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15048789", "title": "Gang cheats IT students over Wipro jobs, 1 held", "text": "NOIDA: The cyber cell of Noida police has unearthed a group of six techno-savvy men in their early 20s who cheated a number of MCA, B.Tech and M.Tech students by offering them jobs in Wipro. One of the gang members has been arrested and the cheats have been found involved in at least 50 cases.DSP (cyber crime) Triveni Singh said that after they got a complaint, they sent a fake applicant and nabbed one person, Deepak Kumar, a native of West Bengal.When asked the modus operandi of the gang, Singh said that they used to give job advertisements on various websites. \"They used to call the victims in the lobby of Wipro's corporate office and demand Rs 1.50 lakh for the job. Initially, Rs 10,000 was taken as processing fee. After getting the papers of the victims, one of them used to enter the main office from the lobby to prove that they were Wipro's HR employees. The cheats used to send the job offer via email through a fake Wipro mailer system as well as an SMS on the cell phone of victims,\" Triveni said. The offer letter was a password protected file and the cheats demanded the remaining amount of Rs 1.40 lakh before sharing the password.Deepak had been entrusted with the task of collecting the money on the pretext of giving the password. \"He was arrested from Shopprix mall in Noida,\" Singh said.They victims were shocked when they went to join the company and were told that no such hiring had taken place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049773", "title": "Court gives explicit photos of Verma to CBI", "text": "NEW DELHI: A set of documents on alleged arms-dealer Abhishek Verma and his associates that a city court handed over to the CBI early this week contains sensational new disclosures and several explicit photographs.The documents were handed over to the agency by the special CBI judge, who was hearing the bail application of Anca Maria Neacsu, the Romanian wife of Verma. Both of them are in judicial custody ever since they were arrested on June 8 after the CBI established that they had received $530,000 from Rheinmetall Air Defence (RAD) AG for overturning the government's decision to blacklist the European defence firm.The documents that have been handed over to the CBI add to several dozen pages of proof handed over by C Edmonds Allen, a US citizen and estranged business partner of Verma. Allen, who used to handle Verma's escrow accounts in the US, has given among others, several emails from the alleged arms-dealer exposing his business links with various defence firms, instructions for transferring significant amounts of money around the globe, and details of his contacts with many other Indians.The fresh set of documents includes several explicit photographs of Verma, another alleged Indian associate of his and at least one foreigner lady.The documents also contain elaborate allegations about possible manipulations that Verma may have tried to obtain bail in the naval war room leak case, in which he too is an accused. Verma had spent several months in the jail in the case that emerged in 2006.The documents also hint at significant payments that Verma may have moved around in the US, Mauritius and elsewhere that could have been made to some sources in India as well, including at least one legal firm.There is also a mention of one middleman, who may have promised to help Verma in getting a favourable court order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15050387", "title": "Cops hold book fair", "text": "Delhi Police has hosted a book fair at Chausath Khamba in Nizamuddin Basti to reach out to people. Top government publishers are participating in the three-day event. Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar said, \"As part of our jan sampark programme, we plan to meet people and solve their complaints.\" Kumar also criticized investigating officers for not keeping complainants updated about their cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15049863", "title": "Mayor, corporators to be sworn in today", "text": "KANPUR: The newly elected mayor Jagatveer Singh Drona will be sworn in at Lajpat Bhawan auditorium on Friday. Corporators from various wards would also be sworn in. A number of noted people of the city will witness the swearing ceremonyThe Lajpat Bhawan auditorium has been decked up. The house of Kanpur Nagar Nigam had been made ready for the new members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15050167", "title": "Messages pour for kaka on networking sites", "text": "INDORE: As soon as Indoreans heard about the death of yesteryear's superstar Rajesh Khanna , the social networking sites were flooded with the messages mourning the superstar's death. Fans expressed their emotions via posting grievances on their wall about his sudden death, shared his picture, and tweeted \"May his soul rest in peace\".Many young admirers of him were putting up their statuses and conveyed their emotions. Gourav Dubey, a fan of Rajesh Khanna, tweets, \"The man who introduced the term 'Superstar' to Bollywood , passed away today. RIP Rajesh Khanna, you will be remembered, missed but always cherished!\"Similarly another young fan Nupur Pagaria posted his picture along with a status which says \"KAKA ke fans koi nahi cheen sakta, the real superstar, wonder glam-sham cannot forget his name while thinking of bollywood. GOD bless Rajesh Khanna!\"\"I was sitting in my office, and when I logged into my facebook account I found numerous message, picture and statuses were posted about Rajesh Khanna's death. People lamented their feelings on their status and tweets, which showed his fans lies everywhere and in every age group. And this is how I got to know about the news through a social networking site\" says Mitesh Suryavanshi a businessmen.\"Rajesh khanna, a real superstar, had given 110 solo hits. He was a great man a real superstar of bollywood\" a status written by Harsh Raghuvanshi, a communication student, where he further says \"Rajesh Khanna was favourite of all age groups and an iconic face of Indian cinema.\"\"A man who made death convincing - RIP Rajesh Khanna\", this status was updated by Priyesh Shrimal a budding actor and an admirer of Rajesh Khanna. \"It is a great a loss for the Indian cinema, where they lost a charismatic actor. I adore him as romantic icon but his death scenes were very realistic. That is why I posted that the actor made death very convincing and posting it on social networking site I expressed my respect for the work he has done in Hindi Cinema that is the best possible way to present my feelings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15050020", "title": "Trichy police still clueless about threat phone call", "text": "TRICHY: No arrests have been made yet by the special team investigating the case pertaining to the anonymous call to Trichy deputy mayor Mariam Ashik Meera, intimidating him with dire consequences. However, the police questioned a 65-year-old woman in this connection, here on Thursday.Based on a complaint from Ashik Meera on Wednesday, the city police registered a case and provided him police protection from Wednesday evening with two armed police personnel. The police also formed a special team under assistant commissioner of police (Golden Rock) VR Srinivasan to investigate the case.As the call was made from a mobile number, the cyber crime police managed to find the contact name and address of the mobile number. Based on the details, the police detained a 65-year-old woman Mary, from Manikandam area in Trichy district.A senior police officer said that they questioned the woman today. However, she maintained that her mobile phone had gone missing the previous day and she did not make any call to anyone. Although the woman was not arrested, investigations are still on, police said. Meanwhile, the cyber crime police said the accused person made the call from Manikandam area on Thursday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15049981", "title": "After brief reprieve, H1N1 death in Nilgiris", "text": "COIMBATORE: After a brief lull, H1N1 has resurfaced in the western region and has claimed the life of a 26-year-old married woman from Nilgiris district. The death occurred on late Tuesday night while she was being shifted to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital from a private hospital near Peelamedu in Coimbatore city. The public health services department was notified on Wednesday evening claimed officials.Four more people, neighbhours of the victim from the same family including a one year old baby girl and a three year old boy with flu and throat ache symptoms have been referred to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital. Hospital authorities have collected their throat swabs and have sent it for H1N1 tests late on Thursday evening.A 75-year-old farmer from Kavundampalayam in Tirupur had died of H1N1 infection after undergoing treatment in Coimbatore on March 31. Sources here confirmed that the victim was tested positive for H1N1 infection but officials in Nilgiris claimed that so far they have received only oral confirmation from Coimbatore and were awaiting official communication though they have already initiated control measures in the district.\"Our medical team has taken up surveillance and started control measures in affected areas. At present there is no indication of any travel history regarding the victim but we are verifying whether there were any visitors at her house recently,\" said L Nirmalraj, District Revenue Officer, Nilgiris.According to Nilgiris district administration officials, the victim Gayathri (26) resided with her husband near Porthiaada for the past five years. She was initially taken to a local primary health centre in Porthiaada with fever symptoms and discomfort on July 12. She was shifted to a private hospital in Ooty the next day from where her family members took her to a private hospital near Peelamedu in Coimbatore.\"The victim died on the way to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital at around 7 pm on Tuesday night. The local health services department notified us on Wednesday and we started taking preventive measures,\" Nirmalraj added.Officials are now trying to confirm whether the victim had recently gone to Avinashi to visit her family or if she had any visitors from there. Her husband is employed at a private institution in Nilgiris and the couple is childless. Gayathri's last rites were conducted in Avinashi in Tirupur.Gayathri resided in an area that was sparsely populated and a medical team of doctors have been deployed there to conduct surveillance operations. Tamiflu tablets have been distributed to residents as a precautionary measure and disinfection operations are also being carried out claimed the officials.Dr R Damodaran, Deputy Director of Public Health Services, Coimbatore, claimed that all preventive measures were being taken in the district following the incident. A detailed report will be prepared and sent to the state government in connection with the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15049284", "title": "Man forges Jayalalithaa's signature for teacher\u2019s transfer, held", "text": "CHENNAI: A 40-year-old printing press owner in Royapettah was arrested on Thursday for forging Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa's signature on a letter to the directorate of physical instruction (DPI). His associate who prepared the fake seals for him was also nabbed. They were later remanded in judicial custody.Police said Prince Edwin sent a letter 'signed' by the chief minister to the DPI asking that his relative Fennila of Kanyakumari, a teacher who was transferred to another place, be posted back in her native place.The letter, which arrived at the DPI office during the counselling for teachers, immediately attracted the attention of officials as it was signed in English. They sent it to the chief minister's cell in the secretariat for verification. After the letter was confirmed to be a fake and a senior official in the CM's cell lodged a complaint, the Nungambakkam police registered a case.\"Normally, the chief minister signs in Tamil. But the letter bore her signature in English. Officials in the CM's cell declared it was a fake,\" a police officer said. \"Officials in Poes Garden said they had never given any such recommendation letter,\" another officer said.Edwin was booked under IPC Sections 419 (punishment for cheating by personation), 465 (punishment for forgery), 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating), 471 (using as genuine a forged document), 472 (making or possessing counterfeit seal , etc., with intent to commit forgery).Police teams raided Edwin's house in Zam Bazaar. Based on his confession, they arrested his associate Murali for preparing the fake seals. Fake rubber stamps, a computer and other equipment were seized from the house. His firm Fortune Graphics Designing and Printing was also raided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15049983", "title": "BHU professor to work on Kala-azar remedy", "text": "VARANASI: A professor of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) will collaborate with a Queensland Institute of Medical Research, Australia, scientist to investigate the treatment of visceral Leishmaniasis of VL (Kala- azar) that affects the poor in many states of the country.\"I will collaborate with Dr Christian Engwerda of QIMR's Immunology and Infection Laboratory to study the disease for its effective treatment,\" said Prof Shyam Sundar of the Department of Medicine, Institute of Medical Schiences, BHU. He told TOI that the work would be funded by the Federal Government's Australia-India Strategic Research Fund.\"There are limited drugs (only three drugs in India) to treat the VL that affects mainly the poor. The main aim of the work to study whether the immunity of the body to fight against the disease can be enhanced,\" he said adding that since VL was the disease of the poorest class the pharmaceutical industry was not interested in formulating more drugs.According to him, the disease is spread in entire Bihar, eastern UP, West Bengal and parts of Jharkhand.\"If we get success in our research the treatment time may reduced from 20 days to 1-2 days,\" he said adding that there were some compounds like IL-10 and GITR in the body, which suppressed the body's immunity.\"We will formulate antidote to neutralize these compounds,\" he said adding that the works aimed at to enhance the patients' immunity to the disease.Prof Shyam Sundar also served as the head of the department of medicine, IMS-BHU. He is also the honorary chief investigator of Kala-azar Medical Research Center, Muzaffarpur (Bihar).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15049771", "title": "Odisha tops list of tobacco chewers: Survey", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha has the highest percentage of tobacco chewers among nine surveyed states, according to the latest annual health survey (AHS).Odisha with 38 per cent tobacco chewers in the above-15 age group is ahead of Assam (36.6%), Chhattisgarh (32.5%), Jharkhand (24.1%), Bihar (22.5%), Uttar Pradesh (21%), Madhya Pradesh (18.9%), Uttarakhand (8.8%) and Rajasthan (6.9%), the AHS released by the office of the Registrar General and Census Commissioner earlier this week said.Among the districts, the number of smokeless-tobacco users is highest in Malkangiri where 58.4 per cent consume gutkha, khaini or paan masala, followed by Mayurbhanj (51.4%). Tobacco chewing population is more than 40 per cent in Balangir, Balasore, Bargarh, Bhadrak, Dhenkanal, Jajpur, Keonjhar, Koraput, Nabarangpur and Sambalpur districts. Gajapati with 13 per cent tobacco chewers is the only district where less then 20 per cent people consume smokeless-tobacco.While 40.6 per cent of state's rural population consume edible tobacco, their population in urban areas is 25.6 per cent. Among males, 45.8 per cent use smokeless tobacco while 30.3 per cent females chew tobacco.Doctors and anti-tobacco activists said it was high time that Odisha adopted the Food Safety and Standards (Prohibition and Restrictions on Sales) Regulations 2011 that prohibits manufacture and sale of chewing tobacco products. Madhya Pradesh, Kerala and Bihar have already banned gutkha by implementing the regulation. \"Successive surveys are pointing out highest concentration of tobacco users in the state, which also establishes the reason why oral cancer is highly prevalent here. It is time Odisha should implement the regulation,\" said Dr Ghanashyam Biswas, an oncologist in Bhubaneswar.Anti-tobacco activists said they were trying to persuade the government to ban gutkha products. \"We have urged the government to adopt the central regulation during multiple rounds of discussion and are hopeful that the government will do so at the earliest,\" said Itishree Kanungo, an anti-tobacco activist.The Food Safety and Standardization Authority of India (FSSAI), a statutory body under the Union health ministry to handle food related issues, notified the new regulations on August 1, 2011. Under rule 2.3.4 of the regulation \"food product will not contain any substance which may be injurious to health: Tobacco and nicotine shall not be used as ingredients in any food products\".Director of public health Dr Upendra Kumar Sahoo said, \"The habit of chewing tobacco by people of Odisha has been there for a long time. However, the government has continued creating public awareness against the practice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15050042", "title": "Man hangs himself in park", "text": "BHOPAL: A 38-year-old man reportedly committed suicide by hanging himself from a tree in a park in Damkheda here on Thursday morning. However, the police team reached the spot three hours after reporting the matter to them and the body kept on hanging from the tree all these time.morning as the complainant was told to approach the Shahpura police when he initially reported the matter with Kolar police station, where cops kept him waiting for hours.One Tulsi Ram, a resident of Damkheda, was found hanging from a tree in Swarn Jayanti Park in the morning. He allegedly committed suicide.On receiving the information, the brother of the deceased, Ramesh, rushed to the Kolar police station, where he was told that the spot was coming under the jurisdiction of Shahpura police station. When the man approached the Shahpura police, he was asked to wait till the policemen got free to go to the spot. The police reportedly reached the spot at around 11 am.The Shahpura police said a case has been registered in this regard and investigation was underway. No suicide note has been recovered from the spot, the police added.Engg student found dead: A student of a private engineering college in the city was found dead at his rented house in New Ashoka Garden on Thursday morning. Police suspected the youth committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling fan in his room and the body later fell down.The deceased has been identified as Indramani and he was a second semester student at a private engineering college. He hailed from Sidhi and was staying in a rented house here. The incident came to the fore when his landlady went to the first floor of her house. She found the body lying on the floor. Without realizing that he is already dead, she called him in a bid to wake him up. But, when she spotted a rope around his neck, she smelt a rat and alerted other members of the house, the police said. No suicide note was found from the room and the investigation is on. The body has been sent for post mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "15049542", "title": "Man stabbed, wife abducted", "text": "MOTIHARI: Four motorcycle-borne persons on Wednesday stabbed a youth, Krishna Kumar Ram, threw his one-year-old child, Shabnam, on the road and kidnapped his wife, Khushbu, from Motihari Station Road in full public view when they were about to board a three-wheeler to reach the civil court to receive their marriage certificate.The police have handed over the child to the local children's rehabilitation centre __ Mamata Grih __ while the badly injured Krishna Kumar Ram has been admitted to Sadar Hospital, Motihari. Raids are on to recover Khushbu. The police described the incident as an attempt at honour killing.Town PS SHO Ramashish Kamat said Ram, a native of Gonahi village under Patahi police station, fell in love with Khushbu (an upper caste girl) of the same village in 2010 and they got married. They got their marriage registered in the civil court on December 1, 2011, but could not get their marriage certificate the same day. They left Motihari for Hisar, Haryana, for fear of incurring the wrath of Khushbu's father. Meanwhile, Khushbu's father Raghvendra Singh lodged a case against Ram for abducting his daughter with Patahi police station on November 28, 2011.On Wednesday, Ram, his wife Khushbu and child Shabnam alighted from Gorakhpur-Muzaffarpur Express at Motihari station to go to the civil court for his marriage certificate but they were attacked by motorcycle-borne persons near Motihari Station Road and Khushbu abducted.Meanwhile, Ram has lodged a case from the Sadar Hospital against Raghvendra Singh and others charging them with trying to kill him and his child and kidnapping his wife with a motive to kill her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15049494", "title": "Two electric crematoria out of order", "text": "PATNA: Cremation has suddenly become a costlier and time-consuming affair in the city as the electric crematoria at Bans Ghat and Gulbi Ghat are lying defunct for the last four days. Only the Khajekalan crematorium is in working condition. The three electric crematoria had remained out of order for several months last year.While an electric crematorium charges about Rs 300 for burning a body, the cremation cost escalates to around Rs 3,500 if a traditional pyre has to be prepared for the purpose, a Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) official said.\"The traditional style of cremation entails higher expenditure and is more time taking. At least 160kg of wood is needed for the traditional pyre,\" said Naresh, an undertaker at Bans Ghat.Patna mayor Afzal Imam held out hope that the technical snag in electric crematoria would be fixed soon. \"The trolley of the Gulbi Ghat crematorium and the oven of the Bans Ghat crematorium are not working for the last few days. They will be repaired soon.\"The electric crematorium at Bans Ghat charges Rs 300 for each body, and takes some 45 minutes to turn a corpse into ashes. At the Gulbi Ghat's electric crematorium, the fee is Rs 320, while wood is also costlier here. There's no one to explain this difference in the same city.A PMC official said the state government sanctions Rs 1,000 for cremation of an unclaimed body. With two electric crematoria out of order, cremation of such bodies has become a tricky affair.Meanwhile, undertakers at the Bans Ghat and Gulbi Ghat earn a tidy sum as they help cremate at least 20 bodies everyday. They assess the paying capacity of mourners and accordingly haggle for their fee. Even the barber's fee varies according to the financial status of the deceased's kin.Ajay Anand still remembers the night of December 2011, when his mother passed away and he took her body to the Bans Ghat crematorium. The undertaker inquired about his profession. Earlier, he had demanded Rs 1,000 as his fee. But when he learnt that Anand was a doctor, he demanded more for arranging the pyre. Else, the undertaker said, he will not perform the rituals. Finally, Anand had to pay Rs 900 to the undertaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15050280", "title": "BRTS project: Portion of temple boundary removed", "text": "INDORE: As part of removing the obstacles coming in the way of the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS), a joint team of district administration, Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC), Indore Development Authority ( IDA ) and police demolished the boundary wall of Shiva temple at Bhanwarkuan and removed a small temple at Shyamacharan Shukla Nagar on Thursday.Officials claimed that committee member of LIG Gurudwara had also agreed to give a portion of their land. Indore district collector Akash Tripathi said that they managed to remove two obstacles coming in the way of BRTS corridor and one more has agreed to remove the structure. The remaining structures will be removed soon. He said that they were in talks with the people concerned.Till now, 27 structures including 13 religious places were to be removed for the completion of the project. After the removal of two religious places, 11 religious places are coming in the way of project is to be removed. The district administration is confident to complete the work soon.Project manager of BRTS Md Makarani said that the committee member of LIG Gurudawara has agreed to give up a portion of their land and the process of removal of that boundary wall of the structure will begin soon. They have gone to Patel Motors as well, but in the absence of the owner, action could not be taken. He said that on Friday, action will be taken against a few more structures, however he refused to divulge the name of the structures which, will be removed on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "shillong/guwahati", "code": "15051039", "title": "Northeast votes to elect President", "text": "SHILLONG/GUWAHATI: The presidential election in Purno A'gitok Sangma's Meghalaya registered 100 per cent voting on Thursday, but the ruling Congress is with UPA nominee Pranab Mukherjee.All 59 legislators in the 60-member Meghalaya assembly, from which Sangma resigned before fielding himself as a presidential candidate, voted on Thursday in a \"brisk, peaceful and orderly\" manner, Meghalaya's chief electoral officer Prashant Naik said.While Congress, which leads the ruling Meghalaya United Alliance (MUA), is with Mukherjee, its regional coalition partners, United Democratic Party (UDP) with 10 MLAs and Hill State Peoples Democratic Party (HSPDP) with two MLAs, had announced their support for \"tribal\" candidate and \"son of the soil\" Sangma.All 28 MLAs of the Congress, and four other Independent MLAs, two of whom are associate members of the party, pledged support to Mukherjee.Sangma's three children, including Union minister of state Agatha Sangma and NCP MP (Rajya Sabha) Thomas A Sangma, did not rule out voting for their father, despite their party being part of UPA at the Centre.Whether he makes it to Raisina Hill or not, people of Garo Hills in Meghalaya, Sangma's native place, are eager to see their longest-serving leader as the next President of the country.Sangma, also former chief minister of Meghalaya, had never lost an election either in the state assembly or in the parliamentary elections from 1977 till 2008.\"Sangma has brought new hope to the tribals of the country and we are proud to be hi children,\" Conrad K Sangma, his son and leader of opposition in Meghalaya, said. He said the fact that a person from a remote village in the northeast could muster the courage to contest the 2012 presidential election was something the Garos were upbeat about.In Assam, except MLA Sahidul Alam Choudhury of AGP who is unwell, all the 125 MLAs cast their vote in the election, which started here at 10am. Parliamentary affairs minister Nilamoni Sen Deka said the polling ended at 5pm and the ballot box has been deposited at the Kamrup (metro) deputy commissioner's strong room.The AGP with 10 MLAs and five MLAs of BJP were the only ones who have openly backed Sangma in Assam.In Itanagar, 58 legislators out of a total of 60 in the Arunachal Pradesh assembly cast their ballots. In the Arunachal assembly, the ruling Congress has 46 MLAs, while All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) and the NCP has five each followed by BJP (three) and a lone Independent. While NCP and AITC, including the Independent, pledged support for Mukherjee, BJP legislators are backing Sangma.In Tripura, as many as 57 MLAs of the 60-member house voted in the election. Three MLAs from Left Front constituents RSP and CPI abstained from voting. While ruling CPM is backing Mukherjee, all the 10 opposition Congress MLAs and the lone member of the Indigenous Nationalist Peoples' of Tripura (INPT) also supported the UPA nominee.Nagaland recorded 100 per cent voting with all the 60 MLAs exercising their franchise. The ruling Naga Peoples Front (NPF) with its 35 members, along with six independent MLA supporters, had announced to back Mukjherjee. The opposition Congress has 18 MLAs and one Independent.Manipur too witnessed 100 per cent voting with all its 60 MLAs voting in the election. While ruling Congress has 42 members, opposition AITC has seven, Manipur State Congress Party (MSC) five, NPF four, and NCP and Jok Jan Shakti Party one each.The smallest state of NE, Mizoram, also saw all its 40 MLAs exercising their franchise. While 32 members of the ruling Congress are expected to vote for Mukherjee, the eight MLAs of four opposition parties - Mizo National Front (MNF), Mara Democratic Front (MDF), Mizoram National Conference (MNC) and Zoram Nationalist Party (ZNP) - openly backed Sangma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15050246", "title": "Youth held for harassing lady on phone", "text": "INDORE: A youth was arrested by the special police unit attached to 'We Care for You' for making anonymous phone calls to a woman on Thursday. The accused Deepak Kushwaha, 26 belongs to Shahdol district, and was residing in Indore in Mayur Nagar. The accused used to call the woman, resident of Palasia, on the landline phone hoping that his identity would remain undisclosed. He was reportedly asking the lady to marry her saying her voice was very sweet. The lady reported the issue to 'We Care for You' and police placed caller ID facility to identify the number. The accused was later arrested from his residence.During interrogation, the accused informed police that he received her phone number from his friend who also used to call the lady for fun. The accused was handed over to Palasia police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15051204", "title": "Ambiguous appointment policies of banks irk candidates", "text": "RANCHI: Team of successful candidates having scored well in the first examination conducted by Institute of banking personnel selection (IBPS) in 2011 met All India Congress Committee (AICC) general secretary Rahul Gandhi at New Delhi on Thursday seeking his intervention in the ambiguous policies of different national banks in appointment. The six-member team, however, returned almost empty hand with a bunch of advises to accept whatever the banks have to offer.The discontent emerged among the successful candidates because of ambiguity in the process of appointment of different banks and contradictory statements issued by IBPS officials. IBPS conducted written test to select probationary officers and management trainees for 19 nationalized banks in September 2011 in which around 1.11 lakh candidates appeared. Till date, the banks have collectively announced 18,947 posts against which 14,759 candidates have been announced selected going through interview and other procedures. While there is still some gap in the number of candidates selected and announced vacancy the resentment grew because of multiple selection of candidates.According to figures available with TOI because of final selection of one candidate in more than one bank 5,925 seats have been blocked. The candidates who were not invited for interview by any bank argue that around 6000 seats are blocked by the top scoring candidates the banks must prepare a waiting list of candidates and call them for interview. The list of selected candidates indicate that one person with roll number 1710512160 has been selected in nine banks whereas roll no. 2221306409 got selected in eight banks. There are 14 candidates who have been selected by seven banks whereas 81 have got offers to join in six banks.Discontent among the borderline candidates grew when none of the banks came up with waiting list to invite the candidates for fresh interview. One of the team members who formed online group on Facebook - A fight against IBPS bad policy - said the floating of the page on social networking site was a big success as more and more people from all over the country joined to voice their concerns.\"It helps us track the initiatives being taken by different group members in different cities,\" Ankita said. The members have been meeting different bank officials, IBPS officials and union minister of state for EB &amp; I Namo Narayan Meena. The group decided to meet Rahul Gandhi to seek his intervention so that the banks come clear on their recruitment policy.The convener for state level bankers committee in Jharkhand , Allahabad Bank also acted as the nodal bank for conducting the IBPS examinations. When asked about the status Allahabad Bank assistant general manager SK Singh said every bank has its own HRD policies. \"It depends on their individual decision if they want to give opportunity to those in the waiting list,\" he said. When asked about Allahabad Bank, he said one or two lists for waiting candidates would be entertained.Officials at Bank of India, however, said the policy would be decided nationally and admitted that no specific instruction is available with the state office. Manager personnel at BOI CK Singh said there had been overlapping of candidates in selection but fresh interviews have not yet been conducted. \"There are chances that the remaining vacancies would be clubbed with fresh vacancies and appointments would be done from the fresh list once the one year term for first IBPS candidates expires,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15054138", "title": "What does Cinderella have in common with carbs?", "text": "Ask nutritionist Dr Ramesh Bijlani. 25 years of research makes him the man to go to for answers on how to eat rightWhile researchers across the world bring you grim new data about how modern-day eaters are doomed to suffer ill health, a gentleman in Delhi, who has spent a quarter of a century researching nutrition, says it's lucky if you are Indian. Eating a healthy diet is simple for us, claims Dr Ramesh Bijlani, because a traditional desi meal meets most nutritional requirements, if current research findings are anything to go by. Moderation, not monasticsm, is key. \"Intolerable dos and don'ts about foods are impressive, but not desirable,\" says the expert, who is out with his latest book, Eating Wisely and Well (Rupa Publications).Bijlani takes on four questions most of us are itching to get answered:Why do you compare carbohydrates with Cinderella ? About 70 per cent of the energy content of an Indian diet comes from carbohydrates. Yet, they are often looked down on, as if they are a necessary evil. Affluent Indians often declare with an air of superiority, 'I eat no carbs', little realising that if that's the case, they are following a poor diet. The science of nutrition can safely assert that if 70 per cent of one's energy comes from carbohydrates, it is an indicator of a healthy diet. Dietary carbohydrates can either contain starches (complex carbohydrates) or sugars (simple carbohydrates). The principal sources of starch are cereals, pulses, potatoes and bananas.Cereals and pulses are a package deal. They provide not only carbohydrates but protein, too, a small quantity (but an important type) of fat, some vitamins, minerals and so on. So, eating cereals and pulses automatically ensures a supply of several other nutrients, which the body needs. In contrast, sugar is 100 per cent carbohydrate. For once, such purity is not desirable; it is better to consume carbohydrates 'contaminated' with protein, fat, vitamins and minerals.New studies throw up contradicting data each day. How does one figure how much water to drink? We need just enough water to balance loss through urine and sweat. The water requirement of an adult may vary from one to five litres a day. There are two indicators to how much water to drink \u2014 thirst, and the colour of urine. If we depend only on thirst, we might drink just enough water, but just enough is not good enough; a little more is always better. The colour of urine can guide us towards that. If we drink enough water to ensure that the urine is colourless, not yellow, the water intake is just right.Dilute urine prevents kidney stones and infection. Stones are born as tiny crystals, and this crystallisation is less likely to occur if the urine is diluted. Germs also need food material to grow on, and therefore, grow more easily in concentrated urine.Why is re-using heated oil a bad idea? Heating changes the oil physically and chemically. Physically, the viscosity of the oil is altered. Chemically, it may acquire carcinogenic substances. This is more likely if the oil also contains suspended food particles, which may get burnt during cooking to produce carcinogens. That's why oil left over after frying should not be used repeatedly. Oil left over after one cycle of frying should be used by adding to a vegetable or dal. Among the commonly used vegetable oils, the one that stands heat best is coconut oil.What's the hype over antioxidants? Drawing energy from food involves a process similar to burning wood. Wood burns with the help of oxygen. The process involved in the release of energy is called oxidation. Oxidation has an unpleasant by-product \u2014 highly reactive chemical entities (called free radicals, or reactive oxygen species) that can cause damage to the cells in the body. To prevent this damage, we have two antioxidant mechanisms. One is in-built, and the other is sourced from diet. A few examples of non-traditional nutrients with antioxidant activity are resveratrol and flavonoids in grapes and tea; lycopene in tomatoes and watermelons; lutein in carrots, corn, and yellow fruits; and allyl sulphides in onion and garlic.Best time to have water 1. Water dilutes the digestive juices. So, drinking water during meals weakens digestion. If you must, make sure it's no more than one glass. But it also helps rinse the mouth between morsels, letting you enjoy the unmixed taste of each dish. 2. Drinking water before a meal fills up the tummy, making sure you eat less. This might help you lose weight. 3. Consuming water after a meal serves as a partial mouthwash, helping keep the teeth healthy.mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15051656", "title": "Eyeing employee vote bank, BJP govt doles out sops in JCC meeting", "text": "SHIMLA: Himachal Pradesh government may be struggling to pay salaries to its employees owing to its bad financial condition, but in the election year it is not hesitating from doling out sops to woo employee votes. With a strong force of 3.37 lakh employees including regular, contractual, part time, daily wagers, employees in past have influenced the elections and knowing this chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal in the joint consultative committee (JCC) meeting of employees organisations have agreed to give time scale of 4-9-14 that was pending for last many years.According to sources, financial condition of government is not good as it is depended hugely on loans to manage affairs but it took the decisions of meeting the pending demands of employees keeping in mind the coming assembly elections. In the last two months state finance departments has taken loan of Rs 860 crore while Reserve Bank of India turning down the request of Rs 800 crore loan has agreed for Rs 100 crore only.As now most of the recruitments in government are being on contractual basis, in the JCC meeting government has tried to woo the 42000 contractual employees too by offering them medical leave of 10 days in a year while earlier they were allowed only 12 days casual leave. State government also announced the adoption of a uniform policy for providing compassionate employment to kith and kin of government employees which would also cover the contractual employees.Not stopping here, the government in the meeting also agreed that contractual employees will be eligible for transfer after three years instead of five years condition earlier. Government has also agred that all contractual employees would be covered under National Health Insurance Scheme.Not forgetting to count 80,000 class-IV employees, chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal during the meeting announced to grant of one special increment to IV employees on completion of 20 years of service.In please all spree government also announced housing loan facility to the state employees on the pattern of central government on the basis of basic pay of revised pay scales by removing upper limit of Rs. 7.5 lakh.Quick to take the credit, BJP general secretary Dr Rajeev Bindal said that through the decisions taken in Wednesday's JCC, state government has given Rs 500 crore added benefit to employees. Terming BJP government in the state well wishers of employees, Bindal said previous Congress government in the state had blocked employment opprtunity in the state by entering an MoU with centre. \"Congress regime made contractual appointment without framing any policy or guidelines. Shortcomings were later rectified by current BJP government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15050955", "title": "Yoga hub, but no course to undergo", "text": "Mysore: The heritage city, arguably the yoga capital of the country, may boast of receiving hordes of foreigners from across the globe to learn the ancient practice every year, but there is hardly any institution that offers certificate courses. At present, only Karnataka University in Dharwad offers yoga course in the state. According to sources, Mysore has more than 150 authorized yoga training centres. But no city colleges or any other recognized institutes offer courses. The city receives 5,000 foreigners every year and the inflow is more especially between the month of August and February. Raghavendra R Pai, who runs Sri Vedavyasa Yoga Foundation, said though Mysore is known for its tryst with yoga, there are no universities from where people can learn the intricacies of this world-acclaimed practice. Many citizens and yoga teachers want the institutes to start yoga course. \"Yoga should be included at least in the open university. The University of Mysore receives more than 1,000 foreign students every year who want to know more about yoga. If any institution comes forward to offer an authentic course, there will be good response. Since Mysore is an education hub, there are chances of yoga getting more popular,\" he says. According to president of the Mysore Yoga Association Ganesh Kumar, there is a need for both short term and long term courses for the development of yoga in the city. \"When the Music University was started, we requested the district administration to include yoga with music course, but our demand fell on deaf years. We have also given presentation regarding yoga course to the authorities concerned,\" he says. Another yoga trainer, who has been teaching Hatha yoga for the past four years, says there are yoga courses in Chennai and Hyderabad. \"If Mysore can have a yoga course it will certainly be an advantage for yoga learners and people will start taking it in a professional way,\" he says. Mysore is popular for ashtanga vinyasa yoga. Foreigners especially from Australia, the United Kingdom, America and France arrive in the city to imbibe yoga skills on yoga visas. Jeevan K, who has been practicing yoga for the past two years, said most people are not aware of the fact that there are different types of yoga. \"Mysore is the ideal place to learn yoga. It is only in Mysore where myriad yoga centers are found and its sanctity has been preserved,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15048886", "title": "71 minors rescued in 2 raids", "text": "NEW DELHI: It is a living space from where, if calamity struck, it would be difficult to escape. The twisted, narrow paths are covered in sludge; cracked pipelines flood passages with waste water, and narrow stairs lead to cells stacked with synthetic leather, rubber and paint. The very air here is toxic.On Thursday morning, most of these cells in four Sarai Kale Khan buildings seemed abandoned in a hurry, but a careful search discovered 30 minors hidden under beds, inside mattresses and camouflaged with bundles of cloth.All of them had been living and working in these hell-holes, making gloves and embroidering women's garments.In another raid conducted by the anti human trafficking unit and Bachpan Bachao Andolan (BBA) early in the day, 41 minors were rescued from Anand Vihar Railway Station. They were being trafficked from Nepal and Bihar to Delhi, Haryana and J&K;, to work at construction sites, and embroidery and bangle workshops.The Sarai Kale Khan operation was conducted by the District Task Force headed by sub-divisional magistrate (south district) Manoj Dwivedi, labour department (south), ACP New Friends Colony, Childline and the NGO Butterfly.Dwivedi said they acted on a tip-off from locals on July 14. The rescued minors had been trafficked from Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and Jharkhand, he said.The rescue operation began at 10.30am. Sixty personnel formed into four teams raided four buildings. At first, they found rooms that were either locked or hurriedly abandoned. But a careful search revealed the hidden children. In one room, the rescuers found five minors hidden under beds, holding up books and pretending to study.\"We were asked to hide under beds,\" said a 12-year-old who was brought to the city a month ago from Samastipur in Bihar.\"My aunt brought me here to learn a trade. I stitch gloves, working from 10am to 9pm,\" he said, adding he was paid Rs 50 every Sunday. Another 12-year-old said he was paid Rs 40 a week for painting gloves with bare hands. \"My hands burn at times,\" he said.The rescue team also found two minors between mattresses and cloth bundles in a locked up zari-embroidery unit. All the children have been provided shelter at the Children's Home in Lajpat Nagar. They will appear before the Child Welfare Committee, Lajpat Nagar on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053857", "title": "Suhasini Mulay to enter Mahadev!", "text": "The preparations of Lord Shiva (Mohit Raina) and Parvati's ( Sonarika Bhadoria) wedding will soon begin in Triangle Film Company's mythological show 'Devon Ke Dev Mahadev' on Life OK.And as the wedding inches closer, the arrival of close relatives and guests has commenced. Sources inform veteran and beautiful actress Suhasini Mulay, who has been entertaining viewers through films and serials, will soon enter the show.Suhasini will play the role of Parvati's grandmother and will come to attend the wedding of Parvati (Sonarika Bhadoria) with Lord Shiva (Mohit Raina). She will be a little arrogant by nature. She will start shooting today. When contacted, Suhasini said, \"I have never played any mythological character in my career. This is the first time I am doing a costume drama and I am really looking forward to it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15049799", "title": "Railway cop suspended for beating passenger", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A railway protection force (RPF) constable, who mercilessly beat up a passenger at Puri railway station on July 11, has been placed under suspension.A case was registered against the railway cop G R Mishra for brutally assaulting Pratap Kumar Padhi (55). Padhi, who suffered serious injuries on his body, was discharged from Puri district headquarter hospital last week.The cop beat up Padhi for sleeping on the platform. \"I had missed a train to my village Chikiti in Ganjam district. The cop asked me to vacate the platform. When I refused, he started beating me mercilessly,\" said Padhi, who had come to Puri for a darshan of Lord Jagannath on the fateful day. \"I was groaning in pain but he kept on hitting me and threw me out of the station,\" Padhi recounted.Puri RPF inspector S B Brahma said Mishra was suspended three days ago. Prior to the suspension, Mishra was shunted from Puri to Khurda following a hue and cry over his brutal attitude.Brahma said Padhi was drunk and abused Mishra when he asked him to leave the platform. \"Padhi had not purchased a platform or journey ticket. When Mishra asked him to leave the station, Padhi used foul language against him. In a fit of rage, Mishra beat him up,\" the RPF inspector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053115", "title": "When Jatt and Juliet met; it hit the box office", "text": "Since long now the Punjabi stories on screen have been toeing an oft-treaded line. If it weren't about the state's all too familiar love affair with Canada and US, lately it also started ambling about another common malaise, drugs, youth, violence and on campus politics. Breaking this clutter came Jatt &amp; Juliet. But before you think the film is a clean take, away from the previous plots, in fact it still does borrow from the previous themes in its Jatt and Juliet's aspirations to go abroad to study. Yet, it creates humour from this theme, than dabble in its heaviness and homesickness. And before anyone could imagine, the film turned out to rewrite history in Punjabi industry.But it's not for us to comment on what has created this fun little package into a hit that is reaching the 18.45 crore collection mark at the Box Office. It is, in fact, in its audiences that lies the real surprise. Away from the 'expected' profile of audiences, this one film riveted a large cross section of Hindi cinegoers towards the screens. Oh yes! For a land obsessed with Bollywood latka-jhatkas, anything that comes a close second is much appreciated. And sometimes, JNJ even managed to convert hardcore Bollywood watchers!!Sahaj Chopra, a student and actress Parineeti Chopra's brother There is nothing as exciting as a movie that succeeds in capturing Diaspora of the Punjabi Youth. Jatt &amp; Juliet is the latest to becoming a crowd puller from the time that its first promo was released. Being a typical Punjabi youngster who prides in the Punjabi culture, I can immediately relate to the story and performances. Every boy sees himself in the typical rustic character played by Diljit Dosanjh who shares every Punjabi youth's dream of making it big on foreign shores, marrying a beautiful green card holder and settling down in the promised land. His naughtiness and zest for life, love for catchy rhythms, reaches out to the pulse of us emotional Punjabis. The sophisticated imported Punjabi girl played by Neeru Bajwa who talks with a foreign accent but has been brought up to respect Indian sanskaars, despite looking down initially on the paendu, succeeds in falling in love with his truthfulness and simplicity, reflect the true nature of modern Punjabis. The music is riveting, while its screenplay and cinematography are at par with any Bollywood film.Arjun Singh Sandhu, lawyer in High court and district court The storyline of this film is different from the stereotypical Punjabi films. The comedy is quite pleasing and well...funny! It's nice to see regional cinema coming into main stream as J&J; has managed releases in other metros too and I believe is going houseful there too. My friends have seen the film five times, while I am planning to see it for the second time now. Diljit has proved himself a good actor in this particular film while Neeru is about alright. J&J; is at par with Bollywood films.Pushpinder Sharma, student council president, Panjab University, Chandigarh The most imp thing in any movie is its entertainment. And this movie was entertaining to the core. The standard of Punjabi films has gone up. Though the trend of uplifting Punjabi cinema honestly started with Mirza, Jatt And Juliet is a new benchmark. The direction and screenplay is nearly as good as any Bollywood film. Since Neeru has worked in Hindi films, she was quite like a Bollywood actress in this film. Diljit didn't look like he is a singer, he acted so well. Music is rather good. In fact, it has been playing in my car since it's been out.NEERU BAJWA \"The film has created a new genre in Punjabi cinema, that of romantic comedies. It was intended to be a light hearted and fun film, so that it touches a chord with everyone. We are glad it met its target.\"DILJIT DOSANJH \"I had been involved with the film's script since the beginning. So in that sense, I am personally glad about its success. Being a singer I was also concerned about the film's music which according to me should have been good. And today Jatt &amp; Juliet's music has become such a big hit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15049163", "title": "Gujarat moves SC against Verma's inclusion in Ishrat encounter probe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat government has moved the Supreme Court against inclusion of IPS officer Satish Verma in the Ishrat Jahan encounter probe.On July 13, the Gujarat high court had ordered the government to spare Verma's services for four months to join the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in the 2004 encounter case. The senior cop was ordered to join the probe on Monday as demanded by the CBI.Verma was one of the special investigation team (SIT) members and aggressively probed the case. He was also the first to come out declaring the encounter as fake.Sources said that the government has challenged the HC's July 13 order. However, this order was merely an implementation of the original order passed by the division bench of Justice Jayant Patel and Justice Abhilasha Kumari on December 1, 2011. The original order about Verma's inclusion on demand by the CBI has not been challenged.While transferring the probe to the CBI, the bench had ordered the government to relieve Verma for the probe, if CBI wanted him. At that time, it was Verma had expressed the desire to continue with the investigation.The state government had objected to the IPS officer's inclusion in the SIT too. Fearing Verma's aggressive probe, the suspected cops in this case had moved court demanding the CBI investigation. During the final stage of hearing of Ishrat's mother's plea, even the state government withdrew its resistance against a CBI probe.Last month, the CBI requested the state government to relieve Verma. But complete inaction on part of the government led the probe agency to file a note in the high court. Since then, Verma had suffered a fracture and has been advised complete rest. He has requested the CBI to accommodate the period of probe, as he would not be able to join the probe immediately.Ishrat and three others - Pranesh Pillai alias Javed Shaikh, Zeeshan Johar and Amjad Ali Rana - were killed on June 15, 2004, in a shoot-out near Kotarpur waterworks. After they were shot dead, the city crime branch declared that they were Lashkar-e-Taiba operative out to kill chief minister Narendra Modi for the 2002 riots reprisal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15049351", "title": "Ahmedabad firm to run ILO pilot project", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City-based International Centre for Entrepreneurship and Career Development (ICECD) has been selected as a training provider to implement an International Labour Organization (ILO) pilot project 'Start and Improve Your Business' (SIYB) in India. An MOU will be signed later this month.A team of two resource persons also attended a 'training of trainers' programme by ILO in Lucknow.The training helped them acquaint themselves and acquire skills on ILO's programme approach, plans, methodology and models.An ICECD resource person were judged to be one of the best trainers, and prepared a plan of action to implement the pilot SIYB programme in Gujarat and Maharashtra.\"ICECD has been selected after scrutiny of over 60 national agencies. ILO had invited applicants from India-based private, public sector and non-government organizations with a good track record in entrepreneurship or small-business development to become Training Service Providers (TSPs) for the 'Start and Improve your Business' programme in India,\" said a press release.\"The SIYB training delivery will focus on out-of-school youth over the next 2 years to implement the SIYB methodology and in identifying the geographic coverage and synergies with other poverty alleviation and socio-economic interventions,\" Hina Shah, founder of ICECD said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049161", "title": "Delhi court comes to rescue of AP orphan girl", "text": "NEW DELHI: Moved by the plight of a 21-year-old orphan, who was allegedly barred from entering her village in Andhra Pradesh for eloping, a Delhi court has directed police and state women's commission to ensure her safety and rehabilitation at her native place.Additional sessions judge Kamini Lau, taking note of the issue, said that an inquiry should be conducted as to why the girl was not being permitted to enter her village, saying it was violation of her constitutional rights.The court's direction came after the girl, who was betrayed by her lover, narrated her plight following the decision of the people of her village not to allow her to return home 'for bringing a bad name' to the village by eloping with a married man.The judge also asked the Delhi Commission of Women to take necessary steps to protect her and to ensure her rehabilitation. \"I am shocked to observe that a young orphan girl has been prevented from entering her village by the villagers, which on the face of it is a violation of her constitutional rights.\"\"Counsel for Delhi Commission for Women, who has been informed about the issue, submits that she will take up the issue with the organization and all necessary steps to protect the girl and to ensure her rehabilitation would be taken. There should also be an inquiry as to why she is not being permitted to enter her village,\" the judge said.The court's order came while adjudicating a case in which a native of Himachal Pradesh, Suresh Kumar , was accused of kidnapping the girl, who was in love with him, attempting to commit culpable homicide and assaulting her to outrage her modesty at a hotel in Sultanpuri in North-West Delhi.The court, however, acquitted Kumar as the girl turned hostile and changed her statement. She stated that he had not done anything wrong. Kumar also voluntarily paid Rs 30,000 to the girl as compensation.According to the police, when the girl had come to Delhi from Visakhapatnam with Kumar, he tried to assault her and also injured her by pushing her on to a railway track.The girl, however, in a chamber interaction with the judge, changed her earlier statement and said that she and Kumar used to serve food to the Visakhapatnam airport tower workers, and she was in love with him.She said that she had come to Delhi with Kumar in 2011 and stayed at a hotel. She said she had a quarrel with Kumar in the hotel room when he confessed that he was already married and expressed his inability to marry her. The next day, the girl turned down Kumar's proposal for an outing and tried to commit suicide at the railway track and, in the process, suffered injuries.The girl had also denied that Kumar had caused her any injury and she had tried to kill herself at the railway track and had received injuries.She also told the court that after the incident she continued to reside in Delhi as she had not been allowed to enter her village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15050147", "title": "No HC breather to Chaturvedi, Parulekar", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh high court refused to give any interim relief to Congress leaders Choudhary Rakesh Singh Chaturvedi and Kalpana Parulekar, whose membership from the state legislative assembly was terminated following acrimonious scenes in the Vidhan Sabha on Wednesday.While challenging termination of their membership from the House, the legislators sought interim relief so that they could cast their votes in the Presidential polls on Thursday. Without granting any interim relief, the high court fixed Monday as the next date to hear their plea.A division bench of HC in Jabalpur, comprising acting Chief Justice Sushil Harkauli and Justice Alok Aradhe said that the assembly is already adjourned sine die on Wednesday a little after the expulsion of the petitioners from the House, thus there does not appear any urgency to pass an ex-parte interim order.Chaturvedi and Parulekar had sought relief to participate in the polls, challenging the Election Commission's order to delete their names from the voters list of presidential elections and stay their expulsion notification of MP Vidhan Sabha.In the morning, the petitioners' counsel Vivek Tankha pressed for an urgent hearing of the case praying the presidential election was on. He contended the resolution to terminate his clients' membership had been passed without giving them an opportunity to put forth their side which amounts to violation of natural justice.He said that MP assembly didn't carry out a probe before junking the membership of the two leaders. Tankha contended that this decision of annulling the duo's membership was against the apex court's order in the cash-for-vote case in 2008.The senior counsel argued that the termination was ultra-vires and illegal according to the power and privileges enshrined to the elected members under Article 194 of the Constitution.On the other hand, MP additional advocate general Prashant Singh and deputy advocate general P Kaurav sought adjournment to seek advice and verify documents submitted with the petition in connection with the assembly proceedings regarding the expulsion.The petition of the two Congress leaders said they had been expelled for continuously raising corruption issue. Also, it said their expulsion was done to quell the Congress' voice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15050510", "title": "Radha Soami Dera Satsang Beas tenders apology", "text": "JALANDHAR: Amid the controversy around the issue of demolition of a gurdwara in Wariach village, Radha Soami Dera Satsang Beas tenders apology, \"if feelings of anybody was hurt due to unintentional folly\".\"For the last few days due to some misunderstanding tension was being created and we want to clarify that Radha Soami Satsang Beas has been extending utmost respect to the Ten Sikh gurus, Guru Granth Sahib. Still if somebody's feelings would have been hurt due to unintentional folly, we tender an apology from the core of our heart,\" the statement reads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "15050528", "title": "3 clerks booked for embezzlement of Rs 45L", "text": "SIRSA: An alleged embezzlement of Rs 45 lakh by three clerks in the office of the sub-divisional magistrate in Sirsa come to light on Thursday. The clerks have been suspended and a police case has been registered.The accused have been identified as Pawan Kumar, Vipin Kumar and Vinod Kumar. \"According to the orders from the DC, I lodged an FIR against the accused,\" said SDM Amarjeet Singh. He said, \"In an inquiry, we came to know that the accused did not submit Rs 45 lakh to the treasurer, collected in lieu of registering vehicles from September 1, 2010 to June 30, 2011.\"According to Singh, the accused deposited Rs 31 lakh in the government account after the inquiry, but they have been charged with cheating and criminal breach of trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15052864", "title": "DHH is ready to make you go Talli", "text": "DHH is proud to exclusively launch 'Talli', the most anticipated video release of the year by South Asian (Desi) Hip-Hop artist, Bohemia, featuring Gitta Bains produced by Tigerstyle.Bohemia's hard hitting Punjabi rap intertwined with Gitta Bains's melodic folk on a massive orchestra by legendary Bhangra producers Tigerstyle Music is just a taste of what's coming on his upcoming album Thousand Thoughts. Talli takes you up close and personal into the Punjabi RapStar's stomping grounds of Oakland, California.\"I've always wanted to do a Bhangra track, and when it comes to Bhangra, Tigerstyle is amongst the best in the world, so this is an honor. The video for Talli is very special to me. I wanted everyone to take a ride along with me through the streets of Oakland California. I've been roaming around on these very streets ever since I was a kid. The video represents my life as it is - my homies, the children, the cars and street - this is the way I have lived my life for so long. I rap because I grew up here in California. I wouldn't have been a rapper if it wasn't for that. Gitta Bains and I are very close friends so this track has nothing to do with the so called industry - it's just two homies hanging out - another day in our lives. ' Talli ' is off of my upcoming album 'Thousand Thoughts' and it's a dedication to all legendary Bhangra artists that my generation grew up on\"Known to the world as the Father of Punjabi Rap, Bohemia has earned his stripes over 15 years dedicated to pursuing his passion - before most of the current Desi Hip-Hop artists were even born. A poet, producer and visionary - his music has topped the charts on Maxim Magazine , BBC Radio 1, Planet M and ReverbNation - giving him numerous opportunities to work in Bollywood with the likes of Akshay Kumar , Sanjay Datt, Vishal Shekhar and many more. Numbers don't lie and neither do his 600,000+ fans on Facebook, making Bohemia the most coveted South Asian (Desi) Hip-Hop artist in the world.Bohemia's third official album, Thousand Thoughts is set to release on Sony Music in August featuring a very diverse set of international collaborations with Baby Bash, The Jacka, Taz of StereoNation and many more.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15050577", "title": "Fish-y market disappoints most", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you love white pomfret, mackerel, sardine, snapper, trout, tiger prawn and crab, then you might feel like a fish out of water in the City Beautiful. For, it is hard to find quality fish here in the absence of a dedicated fish market equipped with cold storage facilities.Last week, the municipal corporation had seized six quintal of contaminated fish from various parts of the city.In the wake of its demand, the civic body a few years ago had decided to set up a market to offer quality fish. Though it was constructed in Sector 41, it has been lying vacant. Reason: shop rentals are too high and traders want some changes in the tender terms and conditions. A senior officer of MC says, \"We now plan to change the terms and conditions of tenders for Sector 41 fish market.\"Fish lovers say they have to go to Ropar, Ambala Cantt and Dhakoli to make a quality purchase. Rajeev Singla, a resident of Sector 8, says, \"As there is no place here from where we can get good fish, we usually go to Ropar or Ambala.\" A resident of Sector 35, Gurkirpal Kaur, says, \"It is easy to get fish here, but difficult to get a good one.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15053833", "title": "Major email fraud averted at Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Voices sent across for payment purposes over email is not safe these days.The Gujarat co-operative milk marketing federation (GCMMF) was alerted by its own customer in Afghanistan that the federations email has been hacked and that the official GCMMF email had wanted that the payment be made directly into a private individuals account, who was no way related to the federation. The federation has already lodged an FIR against one Satish Gupta.The issue concerns the delivery of 96 tonnes of skimmed milk powder to a company called Munawar company limited from Kandhahar. The shipment reached the Abbas port on time. As procedures would require, a senior executive of the federation sent across a performance invoice over email to the company.But when the mail reached Munawar company limited it claimed that the payment be made into the account of one Satish Gupta who held an account in Barclays bak in UK and one in standard chartered bank. The company immediately alerted he federation officials regarding the incident and a police complaint was lodged by the federation with the Anand police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053433", "title": "Jessica Simpson wants to get back in shape", "text": "New mother Jessica Simpson is putting in her best efforts to get her pre-baby body back, and is excited about the expected transformation.In late May, the 31-year-old designer started Weight Watchers - for which she's a spokesperson - and has been focused on losing weight gradually.\"She understands it's a process,\" People magazine quoted a friend of Simpson as saying.The source added that the star is \"working very hard and she's excited.\"A representative for the weight-loss company vehemently denied rumours that there's a deadline for her to lose her post-baby bulge.\"Weight Watchers is in it for the long haul,\" a spokesperson said.\"We're with her 100 percent as she develops a whole new relationship with food and activity,\" the spokesperson added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15051154", "title": "JAC to conduct entrance test for Plus II model schools", "text": "Lohardaga: The Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC) has started preparations to conduct entrance test - 2012-13 for two English medium Plus II-level model schools in Lohardaga's Kisko and Bhandra blocks. These are schools based on the pattern of central schools like Jawahar Navodaya Vidhyalaya and Netarhat, but the medium is English.While last year the entrance tests were conducted by secondary educational department, the task has been given to the JAC this time for which the council has begun procedures through district education office here. The school aims to teach children From Class VI to Class XII. The schools currently have 40 and 36 students in Kisko and Bhandra respectively in Class VII. Test would be conducted for fresh admission to Class VI. The schools will have separate buildings and premises. Currently they are being run in SS High School at Kisko and Lal Bahadur Shashtri High School at Bhandra.District Education Officer (DEO) PP Jha said forms for admission tests were being distributed at Block Education Extension Officers' level in both blocks. The entrance test for the session 2012-13 will be held on August 29. There are 40 seats in each school in Class VI that remained vacant after the students were promoted to the next class after passing their annual exams. \"It is a co-educational school and reservation system will be the same as applied in the district. The JAC has provided 400 forms for tests which are being distributed free. Any boy or girl from the same block area who have passed Class V and 10 years of age (minimum) and 12 years of age (maximum) as on April 2012 will be eligible .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15049724", "title": "Minister warns of strict action in bridge collapse", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior cabinet and PWD minister Shivpal Yadav on Thursday said that strict action will be taken against those responsible for the collapse of the bridge on Gomti. The two lane bridge constructed on Sitapur-Hardoi bypass had come crashing down on Tuesday. The minister's statement came amidst reports of removal of general manager (bridge corporation) N Ram. Bridge corporation sources said that Ram was set to be replaced by DS Arora.Ram, who had been with bridge corporation on a deputation, has been holding dual charge of general manager and joint managing director. It was only a day before that the project in charge Mohammad Qamar along with an assistant engineer and a junior engineer were placed under suspension on charges of laxity. Earlier, a group of engineers of bridge corporation had staged a protest seeking removal of N Ram.The incident of bridge collapse had put a question mark on the quality of construction in the civic projects. The said bridge was being constructed for the past two years and was supposed to be completed by the year end.According to reports, the construction of the 250-metre-long bridge situated in Ghaila locality on the Ring Road connecting the two national highways - Sitapur Road and Kanpur Road - was being carried out for the past two years by a unit of Uttar Pradesh Bridge Corporation.On Tuesday, the beams of the bridge gave way and a major part of the structure came down shuddering. The incident happened just around the time when heavy rains lashed the locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15049207", "title": "Woman gives birth to girl on Chennai road", "text": "CHENNAI: A 26-year-old woman gave birth to a girl on the road near the state secretariat while waiting for an autorickshaw to go to hospital on Thursday. Tamil Nadu , where 90% of deliveries happen in health centres, clinics or hospitals, is ranked third in institutional deliveries in the country, after Kerala and Goa.Muthumari, a resident of the Sathya Nagar slum, was waiting with husband P Mohan for an autorikshaw when she could bear the labour pains no longer and slumped. Mohan, a mason, said she developed pains around 7.30pm. \"Nobody had a vehicle to shift her to hospital. We had to wait for an autorickshaw,\" he said.An ambulance was requisitioned but before it reached Muthumari had given birth to a girl. Women from the slum and some transgenders, who were passing by, helped her.\"I heard her shrill cry, and I knew she would deliver soon,\" said P Santhi, a neighbour. The mother and the child were taken to Gosha Hospital in Triplicane, where they are said to be doing fine.Mohan and Muthumari have a three-year-old daughter, Sandhya. Mohan said he could not take his wife to a doctor early because he could not skip work. \"If I take a day's leave, I lose my daily wage. I thought I will take her to the hospital after returning from work. But by the time I came home, she had developed labour pains. I didn't know what to do since there was no vehicle there. We had to wait for an autorickshaw,\" he said.Nearly 200 women formed a circle around Muthumari, as she and the newborn were attended to by a few women. Traffic slowed down near the War Memorial signal as motorists stopped to find out what had happened. When they learned that a woman had given birth on the road, some of them wanted to have a glimpse of the child. A few offered money to the couple. The women who cordoned off the space around Muthumari had a tough time driving away children from the slum who tried to take a peep at the newborn.Even as the paramedical staff who came in the ambulance were shifting the woman and the newborn to the vehicle, Mohan was seen calling up his employer, requesting for a day's leave on Friday.EMRI's 108 ambulance service, backed by the state government, transports women in labour to hospitals. On many occasions, women have delivered in the ambulances. Till April this year, 488 children were born in ambulances. \"We have all the facilities and our paramedic are trained to handle complications. In fact, we have had no maternal or infant deaths on ambulances so far,\" said Sridhar, CEO, EMRI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15049656", "title": "\u2018Join Guru Gobind hospital by July 25\u2019", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Wednesday issued a directive that the doctors of trauma and emergency wards of the Jaya Prakash Narayan All India Institute of Medical Sciences (JPNAIIMS) join at Guru Gobind Singh Hospital, Patna City, by July 25. The hospital has been tied up with the Institute till such time as the latter's own hospital comes up.A division bench comprising Justice P C Verma and Justice A N Trivedi passed this order as the building of JPNAIIMS at Phulwarisharif here has not yet been completed. The court directed the doctors appointed for JPNAIIMS to join at the Patna City hospital by July 25. It added the director in charge of the AIIMS hospitals will himself monitor the functioning of the outpatient department (OPD) of JPNAIIMS at the Guru Gobind Singh hospital.The court also directed the Union government to ensure that doctors of seven super specialty departments of JPNAIIMS are appointed and join their duty by August 25.These departments include gastroenterology, cardiology, nephrology, pathology and radiology.State government's standing counsel Shashi Bhushan Kumar and petitioner's counsel Brajesh Kumar submitted before the court that given the snail's pace at which the JPNAIIMS building was being constructed at Phulwarisharif, it seemed that it would be completed after one year.The court directed the Union government counsel, Vinay Pandey, to file an affidavit on behalf of the joint secretary, Union health ministry, concerned with the construction of AIIMS hospitals, giving report about the status of construction of JPNAIIMS hospital building at Phulwarisharif.The court also directed the project director of JPNAIIMS and superintending engineer concerned with construction of the hospital building to be present before the court on July 25. Earlier, during the hearing of the PIL of Council for Protection of Public Rights and Welfare, the court had observed how the project director of JPNAIIMS was visiting foreign countries when the project here was languishing.The joint secretary, Union health ministry, has to explain on affidavit how the financial adviser for the JPNAIIMS was staying at Bhubaneswar and looking after the projects at Patna and another AIIMS project at Raipur. The joint secretary has also to explain how the director in charge of JPNAIIMS, Patna, was looking after the AIIMS projects at Rishikesh and Raipur as well.The petitioner's counsel and the state government counsel submitted that no executive engineer was posted to look after construction of the JPNAIIMS building and it has no full-time caretaker.The court directed the Union government to appoint doctors and other staff for the JPNAIIMS under A, B, C and D categories by August 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15052431", "title": "Defamation case: Gen VK Singh appears in court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Army chief Gen V K Singh appeared before a Delhi court following summons against him in a criminal defamation case filed by Lt Gen(retd) Tejinder Singh.Besides Gen V K Singh, the other four named in the complaint and have been summoned are Vice Chief of Army Staff S K Singh, Lt Gen B S Thakur (DGMI), Major General S L Narshiman (Additional Director General of Public Information) and Lt Col Hitten Sawhney.In his complaint, Tejinder Singh has accused them of misusing their official positions, power and authority to level false charges against him.Metropolitan Magistrate Jay Thareja on June 8 had directed them to appear before him saying all the five have been \"summoned as accused in the present matter\".The court, however, had said the summons are only for the alleged offence of defamation as the allegation of hatching a criminal conspiracy appeared to be \"absurd\".Tejinder Singh had filed the complaint alleging that he was defamed by the Army through its press release issued on March 5, which accused him of offering a bribe of Rs 14 crore to the erstwhile Army chief to clear a deal of 600 trucks, a charge refuted by him.The court had earlier directed the defence ministry to place before it the file related to the issuance of the March 5 press release to ascertain whether or not, the five persons accused of defaming Tejinder Singh had any role in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15049895", "title": "Pakistan town says Rajesh Khanna was born there", "text": "LUDHIANA: Where was Rajesh Khanna born? Even as the departed superstar was cremated in Mumbai on Thursday, a debate rages across the border. While his fans in India believe he was born in Amritsar, his followers in Pakistan have been gathering near a house in the sleepy town of Burewala near Faisalabad, playing tributes to the departed actor at a place where they say he was born in 1942. They are even planning a remembrance and a film festival in his memory in Burewala.Old-timers in Burewala say the actor was born there and had spent five years of his life in a two-storey house. Residents of Burewala told TOI over phone that Khanna's house, built in 1935, is still intact.The house, located in H-block on Delhi-Multan Road, has 'Jatin Bhawan' engraved in Hindi at the entrance and also has a few lines of the \"Gayatri mantra\", the village folk said.\"We all love Rajesh Khanna and have seen all of his films. The news of his death has come as a shock to all of Burewala,\" said Mushtaq Ahmed , 79, a resident.\"Whenever an Indian visits Burewala, we take him to the star's house. We are so proud of him,\" said Nadeem Mushtaq Ramay of Burewala.Just round the time Khanna's last rites began in Mumbai, Burewala residents gathered at MC Model High School to hold a condolence meeting. They said the actor had studied in this school for two years and maintained a five-minute silence in his memory. Burewala residents say Khanna's father, Lala Hiranand Khanna, was the founder-member of this school and remained its headmaster for 16 years - between 1931 and 1947 - until he retired.Khanna's fans in Burewala, who gathered at the school on Thursday, said went through school records and found the actor's name, Jatin Khanna, along with his brother's, Joginder Lal Khanna. The school, currently closed for summer vacation, was especially opened by the headmaster on Thursday.\"More and more people are pouring in at the house and the school. We are trying to locate all his classmates. We are planning to screen two of his superhits and will hold a discussion,\" said another Burewala resident Azgar Ali Javed.Manjitinder Singh Johal, 42, a resident of Mandiani village of Ludhiana, said: \"I had visited his house in April this year. It's a sprawling house and the new owner has not made many changes to the original design. His name and the Gayatri mantra are still engraved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15054498", "title": "Rana debuts in Tamil finally", "text": "For Rana Daggubati, 2012 has been a roller-coaster ride in Kollywood. While he first opted out of his original debut vehicle Vetri Maaran's Vada Chennai, he was next touted to work with Selvaraghavan. He's now working on his first Tamil film, Krish's Ongaram (Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum in Telugu).\"Finally, I'm debuting in Tamil. We always thought this film had the potential to be a bilingual. While we shot the action sequences, with minimal dialogues, the talkie portions have begun now. We had people working on the script and dialogues Tamil version,\" reveals Rana.He adds, \"While I'm practically a newcomer here, Nayanthara, my heroine, is very popular here. My director Krish has a following too after his film Vaanam released last year. So, we decided to go ahead with a bilingual.\" Rana believes that with recent successes like Naan Ee , which proved that the south Indian sensibilities are similar, a bilingual will work.Buzz is that Rana also has three other offers from K-Town. \"Yes, there are many offers. But they are all in the nascent stage of discussions. I have been toying with ideas with directors like Selvaraghavan, but it has remained at that. I want to work with many makers here as there are many who makes films on subjects off-the-beaten track,\" ends Rana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15049522", "title": "148 MLAs vote for Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "PATNA: With its overwhelming presence in the Bihar state assembly, the JD(U), on Thursday, led the 148 of the 240 MLAs who cast their votes in favour of the UPA candidate for the presidential election, Pranab Mukherjee , against the BJP-supported P A Sangma. However, three of the 243 MLAs could not cast their votes.JD (U) MLA Damodar Singh, minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey and CPI member Awadhesh Rai were out of station for separate reasons. While Choubey is in London to participate in the meeting of medical associations of Indian doctors with Bihar origin there, the JD (U) member is recuperating at All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) after kidney transplant, and CPI national leadership had decided to abstain from the presidential election.Even as polling was done through secret ballot, the stand of various parties was known in advance. As per the party position, 117 JD(U) MLAs, along with their three supporting independent MLAs - Som Prakash, Pawan Jaiswal and Vinay Bihari - cast their votes in favour of Mukherjee. Similarly, 22 MLAs of the RJD, four of the Congress, one of the Lok Janshakti Party (LJP) and one independent MLA, Jyoti Rashmi, also rooted for Mukherjee. The number of overall backers of the UPA choice was 148. Against that, 90 of the 91 MLAs of the BJP, along with two independent MLAs, polled for Sangma.While only JD (U) leader and Rajya Sabha member N K Singh cast his vote in favour of Mukherjee at the booth for presidential election made on the state assembly premises here, all other MPs and Rajya Sabha members from Bihar exercised their franchise in Delhi.CM Nitish Kumar , deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi and ministers Giriraj Singh, Bhim Singh and Narendra Singh did not cast their votes since they are members of the Bihar legislative council. Only MLAs of a state vote in the presidential election.Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Sudhir Kumar Rakesh, Election Commission observer A K Bhalla, state assembly secretary in charge-cum-assistant returning officer (ARO) Lakshmi Kant Jha, state assembly deputy secretary-cum-second ARO Hareram Mukhiya remained present at the polling booth overseeing the election.As has been learnt, the polled ballots in a sealed box would be taken by Jha and Mukhiya to Delhi by flight Friday morning and they would submit it to the Rajya Sabha secretariat for counting purposes that would be held on July 22.Since the value of the vote polled by every MLA in Bihar is 173 and that of Rajya Sabha member 708, Mukherjee is comfortable with 21,468 votes from the JD (U) camp in Bihar, 3,806 from the RJD, 692 from the Congress, 173 each from LJP and independent MLA, making the total 26,312 votes in his favour against 15,196 votes to Sangma. In terms of 243 MLAs, Bihar accounted for a total of 42,039 votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15054153", "title": "Madras HC dismisses Vijayakanth's plea against his election petition", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Friday dismissed the interim application filed by Desiya Murpokku Dravida Kazhagam (DMDK) founder and leader of Opposition in the assembly, Vijayakanth, that sought direction to reject and dismiss the election petition filed by M Jayanthi, a disqualified candidate of Rishivanthiyam assembly constituency, against him.A divisional bench of justice K Venkatraman gave the order. In February this year, the high court admitted an election petition filed by the independent candidate, challenging the election of actor-politician Vijayakanth.Justice K Venkataraman admitted the petition of Jayanthi of Virugambakkam, and ordered notices to 13 persons including Vijayakanth.In her petition, Jayanthi contended that her nomination papers for Rishvanthiyam constituency were snatched from her and destroyed by unidentified persons owing allegiance to Vijayakanth.The gang also attacked her husband on March 25, 2011, she said, adding that her second set of nomination papers were rejected by the scrutinizing authorities on flimsy grounds.Describing the rejection of her nomination as arbitrary and illegal, Jayanthi wanted the court to declare election of Vijayakanth null and void.Former minister and AIADMK candidate from Tirupattur constituency, Raja Kannappan, had also filed a similar election petition against DMK leader Periya Karuppan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15049251", "title": "Gang of four thieves nabbed", "text": "BANGALORE: Four gangsters tried hard to bump off their arch rival. But as he managed to remain unscathed, they plotted another hit. Before they could execute their plan, Vidyaranyapuram police nabbed the four men.They confessed to two robberies and two attempts to murder in the city. A Maruti-800 car, a scooter and several machetes and swords were seized from them.N Challakumar alias Challa, 28, of Kanshiramanagar in Vidyaranyapura; M Manjunatha alias Manja, 26, of Periyarnagar; K Vijay alias Pulimoote, 25, of Bagalur Extension in Lingarajapuram and Ibrahim Khaleemulla alias Khaleel of Janakiramanagar in Banaswadi were arrested. Their lucky rival is Michael of Banaswadi,The gang had moved to Vidyaranyapuram recently as Banaswadi police were hot on their heels. Challa and Manju were rowdy-sheeters listed in Banaswadi police station.Manja was involved in a murder case and released on bail in April. The foursome had robbed Rs 1.3 lakh from a petrol pump cashier, Chidambaram of MR Enterprises on Horamavu Road in Kalkere village on May 20. They had also robbed the owner of another petrol bunk on KHB Road, Govindaraju, of Rs 88,000 when he was going home with the day's collection on June 11 in RT Nagar police limits.On June 19, the gangsters had stabbed and tried to kill two workers at Pushpanjali theatre in RT Nagar following a trivial dispute. The gangsters were also involved in an attempt to murder of GK Madhava Reddy, a partner of Tirumala Sea Food in MV Garden near Ulsoor on June 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15048505", "title": "Anil Kumar gets 2 years probation in insider case", "text": "NEW YORK: An Indian-American former Mckinsey partner, who helped convict Wall Street tycoons Raj Rajaratnam and Rajat Gupta for insider trading, was on Thursday sentenced to two years probation on securities fraud charges and ordered to forfeit $2.26 million, avoiding a jail term in the case.Anil Kumar , 53, was sentenced by US Circuit Court Judge Denny Chin in Manhattan federal court. Apart from the probation sentence, he was ordered to pay a $25,000 fine and forfeit $2.26 million. \"I am persuaded that this was aberrational conduct and that Mr Kumar has led a law-abiding and productive life,\" Chin said. \"I am persuaded he cooperated not to get a lighter sentence but to make amends for what he did.\"Prosecutors had told the judge that Kumar had earned leniency with his willingness to come clean about his misdeeds. \"Kumar's significant, powerful, and timely cooperation has provided substantial assistance to the Government in the investigation and prosecution of two of the most high-profile defendants convicted of illegal insider trading in history,\" prosecutor said.Kumar was arrested along with hedge fund founder Rajaratnam in October 2009 and had pleaded guilty in 2010 to one count of conspiracy and one count of securities fraud. He faced a maximum prison sentence of 20 years but was given a lenient jail term due to his extensive cooperation with the government. \"I stand in this court today completely and totally shamed by the conduct that has brought me before your honour,\" Kumar said at his court hearing. \"I strayed from my core beliefs that I stood for all my life.\" A day before his sentencing, court papers submitted by Kumar's lawyers were unsealed in which he had sought probation for his cooperation in the government's crackdown on insider trading on the Wall Street.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15050753", "title": "Man beats wife to death", "text": "LUDHIANA: A 40-year-old woman, Salma, was killed by her husband Mohammad Ameen over marital disputes at their house in Kripal Nagar on early Thursday morning. Ameen's repeated blows with a brick on her head killed Salma.Investigating officer Avtar Singh said preliminary investigation revealed Ameen doubted his wife's character and beat her often. A case was registered against Ameen, who is absconding, based on his son Mohammad Irshard's statement. Irshad said he found Ameen hitting Salma with a brick when he heard his mother scream and rushed to her room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15049766", "title": "Govt plans peripheral road to link Ghaziabad, Delhi", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to provide smooth connectivity to heavy traffic via Ghaziabad, linking Uttar Pradesh to Delhi, an access-controlled northern peripheral road has been proposed to be developed through Public Private Partnership (PPP) mode.The proposed 20-km, access-controlled four-lane (extendable to six lanes) road will start at National Highway No. 24 (Dasna) with an intersection at National Highway No. 58 and culminate at State Highway No. 57. With an estimated project cost of around Rs 440 crore, the road will be ready in two years.A request for qualification-cum-Request for proposal (RFQ-cum-RFP) document for selection of project consultant was approved on Thursday at the meeting of Bid Evaluation Committee, chaired by Infrastructure &amp; Industrial Development Commissioner (IIDC), Anil K Gupta. A detailed presentation was made by vice-chairman, Ghaziabad Development Authority, Santosh Yadav, in this regard in the presence of senior officials of departments of Housing &amp; Urban Development, Finance, Transport and Public works.IIDC Anil K Gupta said that there was urgent need for a new access controlled road for free flow of through traffic on the northern side of Ghaziabad and hence, the state government has decided to develop a 20 km road on PPP model. \"Apart from providing smooth connectivity in the form of new road, it is expected to provide much needed infrastructure to enterprises and industries in the area to transport their raw material and produce,\" he added.Ghaziabad Development Authority vice-chairman Santosh Yadav informed that proposals would be invited from Category-1 consultants empanelled by union ministry of road transport and highways. Bidders having at least one year's experience in executing similar projects along with other relevant criteria will be considered for selection. Scope of work of consultant will comprise of multiple tasks -- from exploring the alignment, assessment of requirement of bridges, railway over bridges and feasibility model to getting necessary clearances from union environment ministry as well as management of entire bidding process for selection of developer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15050796", "title": "Proclaimed offender arrested", "text": "LUDHIANA: A proclaimed offender in two murder cases and a gangrape, Ram Saran alias Munna of Gill village in Ludhiana, was arrested by police from Gill Canal Bridge on Wednesday. Assistant deputy commissioner of police (ADCP), crime, Harjinder Singh said they got a tip off about the movement of the accused near the area he was arrested at.Ram was wanted in the murder case of Charan Singh, sarpanch of Gill village, whom he killed along with his brother and other associates. ADCP Singh said a case of murder was registered at Sadar police station declaring Ram as a proclaimed offender. He was later involved in gang rape a woman from Sahizaad village in Ludhiana in 2006, said the ADCP, adding, \"Ram was absconding and had been declared a proclaimed offender in this case too, registered at Sudhar police station.\"Ram was also a part of the group that opened fire at Mini Sarabha Nagar Market in 2009, killing one person, Jeewan Mattu, on the spot, said Singh. He added Ram was wanted in several other cases too and the police are questioning him regarding the same.Ram has been taken into a two day police remand while the search for the pistol he used for his crimes is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15052730", "title": "Munmmet brings to you Roki Na", "text": "Munmeet had his first taste of fame with his debut album Dil Milde which he released with his sister, who is now known as 'Ramee' most popularly known for her recent release Ghetto Refix with Mumzy Stranger and Tasha Tah. Their debut music album was produced by Bollywood music producer Atul Sharma and gave him their first taste of success worldwide.Lord Munmeet may be an unusual name but everyone will find out why this young artist has named himself Lord in the next few weeks! With his edgy style and supporting a Disco Turla Munmeet brings the edgy look to the traditional turban. Being a Sardar, Munmeet says he wants to keep his turban and still be fashionable \" My statement look will be a disco Turla, it's something I thought would stand out from the normal Turla's. Everyone is loving it so far\"Having been trained from an early age from the Royal Scottish National Opera a separate institution that dedicates to teach classical music in depth in Scotland. Munmeet has also trained with the Giani from the Sikh Temple to perform Kirtan and Shabads.Munmeet then went on to being trained by Guru Ji and Prakriti Dutta - \"She has taught me voice control and ragas. Not just to rehearse the ragas and the favoured popular sargams, but to invent my own from changing shudh and komal notes\"With all the experience and new look, Munmeet's career is just about to take off! Roki Na is produced by Scotland based producers Tigerstyle who have also produced for Bollywood and known British Asian Artists.Roki Na - is just the beginning for this young talent!Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15049958", "title": "State power minister Manish Gupta to face July 21 probe", "text": "KOLKATA: State power minister Manish Gupta, who was the state home secretary when 13 Youth Congress workers were killed in police firing on July 21, 1993, will be summoned by the judicial commission probing the killings during Mamata's \"march to Writers\" 19 years ago. The probe panel will convene its first hearing on Friday, just 24 hours ahead of the chief minister's gala Martyr's Day programme. But on the first day, the panel will only be hearing state home secretary Basudeb Banerjee.Every year, even after she left the Congress to form the Trinamool Congress , Mamata has been observing Martyr's Day on July 21. After coming to power, the chief minister set up six commissions, including one to probe the July 21 police firing which had catapulted her as the face of the opposition in Left-ruled Bengal. Justice (retired) Sushanto Chattopadhay, a former chief justice of Orissa high court, had been appointed to probe the police firing that killed 13 Congress supporters.Along with the home secretary, the commission has called officers in charge of Hare Street and Hastings police stations. But none of these officials were witness to the incident. Therefore, the commission intends to call former home secretary Manish Gupta, who is now the power minister, for his submission. Retired police officers, including the then police commissioner Tushar Talukdar will also be called in.Mamata may also be asked to appear since her name has been referred over and over in various documents. Mamata was the Youth Congress chief those days and the \"march to Writers'\" had been organized by her. Urban development minister Firhad Hakim has put in an official submission as a witness to the firing. He, too, will be called at some stage of the probe, along with several Trinamool leaders like Madan Mitra, Subrata Bakshi and Sougata Roy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15048995", "title": "Contract staff of BSNL on strike", "text": "PANAJI: With their demands unfulfilled, around 350-odd Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL) contract workers have gone on an indefinite strike from Wednesday.The workers are presently engaged in construction and maintenance of telecom work, such as cable-laying, jointing, line works of cable-laying, installation and maintenance of transmission systems, transmission tower erection, tower maintenance, operation of engine alteration works, installation and maintenance of equipment, and maintenance of battery and power plants.They are demanding PF coverage, bonus, revised minimum wages, paid weekly-off, holidays, overtime, and direct employment.BSNL's management and contractors had assured the workers before the assistant labour commissioner that they would be entitled to statutory labour provisions such as leave, weekly-off, holidays, overtime, bonus and wages at revised rates.The workers claim BSNL-Goa and the contractors have repeatedly failed to honour their commitments.A majority of the workers being Goans have appealed to chief minister Manohar Parrikar and labour minister Avertano Furtado to intervene and resolve their woes.The BSNL striking workers are being supported by the All India Trade Union Congress ( AITUC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15050187", "title": "Mustachioed 'Mario' still edges out many", "text": "INDORE: You remember the little 'Mario'? The tiny amorphous man with huge mustache gliding up and down your computer screen on finger tips. Yes, you got it right. The cassette video game named after him 'Mario' is still a popular character in the video game for children. This despite the fact there are many advanced play stations and other gadgets. Apart from 'Mario,' Contra, Alladin, Islander and Mortal Combat refuse too have survived the craze for play station.In fact, 'Mario' has become so popular that he is all over--pencil box covers, water bottles, raincoats and even some download the 'Mario tune' for ring tones on their cell phones.An enthusiastic video game-fan Richa Desai, 23, says, \"I am mad about Mario, it is a fictional character in the video game franchise by Nintendo and has appeared in over 200 video games since its creation. Mario is a short, pudgy, Italian plumber who lives in the Mushroom Kingdom. He repeatedly rescues Princess Peach from the turtle-like villain Bowser and stops his numerous plans to destroy him and take over the kingdom,\" adding that it was the most famous game of that time which created an interest among the children as well as youngsters to play video games. Richa also says that \"Though I have a PSP at my home I sometimes plug in the cassette video game and enjoy my favorite game with my friends.\"Pratik Sisodiya, 21, also a 'play station' freak, says \"I don't have a PS at my home, but all of my friends and I get together everyday at a play station and have fun we play various games. Though the picture quality, graphics, sounds and visual effects of PS are tremendous as compared to the cassette video games but those old videogames were awesome and have left a strong impression on me and I love playing them also.\"Shubham Vichare, 19, is also an avid play station user \"I have PS2 at my home but I also have treasured my old cassette Videogame and love playing contra Mario etc on it I also have a wide collection of cassettes having different games\"Not only youngsters but elder people are also big fans of cassette videogames Harish Deo, 37, an employee in a private firm says, \"I have been a great fan of cassette video games and I enjoy playing contra today also with my son, I started playing these games when I was a teenager, but now also I love playing these games.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15049988", "title": "Residents protest death of boy due to mysterious fever", "text": "COIMBATORE: The death of an 18-year-old boy on Thursday due to a mysterious fever caused panic among residents of Ambarampalayam, near Pollachi, who staged a road block demanding that authorities look into the victim's death.Nearly 200 residents in the area staged a road block and they dispersed only after DSP Palanisamy and Tahsildar Palaniammal reached the spot and pacified them.According to the protestors, A Jihabdhin a class 12 student, was taken to Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) on Wednesday night as he had high fever. However, despite treatment the boy died early Thursday morning.There were two other similar deaths recently that involved 20-year-old auto driver Arun and 4-year-old Madan. Residents believe that their deaths were caused by contaminated drinking water supplied under the Aliyar water scheme. Residents say that water is being supplied without it being properly treated and they want authorities to look into the matter.Authorities have assured residents that they will investigate the matter and take necessary action to solve their problems.When contacted, P Sivaprakasam, Resident Medical Officer, CMCH, said that the boy was brought to the hospital in a very serious condition. He had high fever and severe respiratory problems. As his health became worse, he was put on a ventilator but he did not survive. Doctors were unable to diagnose his ailment in the short time he was at the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15049008", "title": "CM for uploading all official info on net", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar told the Goa assembly on Thursday night that the government can think of uploading all official information on the internet and make it available to citizens.The statement was after some members raised the issue of \"misuse of RTI Act\", while the CM was replying to the discussion on demands for grants to information and publicity and other departments. Porvorim MLA Rohan Khaunte had called for \"checks and balances\" as there was misuse of the Act.Parrikar said he was aware of such things \"but one cannot blame the Act for it\". The Act is very good and if not for it corruption would have gone up by now, said Parrikar.He said the case of P R Nadkarni declining to be state information commissioner shows how false information is circulated in the guise of RTI. Information is collected under RTI but is used with some twist to tarnish the image of the targetted person.He also referred to the transfer of the excise commissioner which was highlighted by a social activist. \"I have every right to transfer and post officers,\" Parrikar said, adding that the commissioner should have \"understood the department\".He said the commissioner's sudden transfer of officials within seven days of taking over would have impacted revenue collection.He said the government doesn't want to hide anything and can even consider putting all the official information on a website. \"I would love to have it,\" said Parrikar.He also said the Act and Lokayukta are instruments to control corruption. \"But if you think all corruption will stop with Lokayukta then you are mistaken,\" he said.Lokayukta rules will be notified soon, Parrikar said, adding that 2-3 names will be sent to the HC for approval to be appointed as Lokayukta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new dehi", "code": "15052111", "title": "Sharad Pawar meets Sonia Gandhi amid reports of resignation", "text": "NEW DEHI: Sulking NCP leader Sharad Pawar , who is believed to have resigned from the Union Cabinet aggrieved over a variety of issues, on Friday met UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi .Pawar drove down to 10 Janpath apparently to discuss various issues including Congress' treatment of its allies.Pawar and NCP leader Praful Patel were yesterday believed to have resigned from the Union Cabinet upset over a variety of issues including no 2 slot for Pawar.Sonia Gandhi's meeting with Pawar comes ahead of the Congress core group meeting this evening which is expected to take stock of the situation.Pawar, a former chief minister and one of the senior members of the Cabinet, is also believed to be hurt over the lack of consultations by Congress with allies, including NCP, and its reluctance to include the party in crucial Cabinet panels like Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) or even being considered for the post of the Leader of the House in Lok Sabha following the resignation of Pranab Mukherjee .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15050092", "title": "Panasonic sees 150 cr Onam sales", "text": "KOCHI: Panasonic India, the Indian arm of Japanese electronics and white goods group, is targeting revenues of Rs 150 crore from Kerala during the Onam season, said Manish Sharma, managing director of the global consumer marketing sector of the company. He was talking to the reporters in Kochi on Thursday after launching the festival offer for the consumers in the state.\"We expect a 100% growth in Onam sales this year and the company had a turnover of Rs 75 crore during last Onam. Kerala contributes 4 - 5% of the total revenues of the company and we expect to generate Rs 220 crore from sales in the state in financial year 2013,\" Sharma said. The company will also increase number of 'brand shops', its exclusive showrooms, to eight from the current five during this Onam season. As part of the festival offer, Panasonic has rolled out a scratch card offer on purchase of Panasonic product. Valid from July 20 to September 9, 2012, this offer is applicable for televisions, digital cameras, air-conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, home theatre systems and microwave ovens.Sharma revealed that the Chennai factory, which currently produces kitchen appliances like rice cooker or juicer-mixer grinder will start manufacturing irons in next six months' time.The company had acquired 78 acres in Haryana, where three factories are being built for the production of air conditioners, washing machines and welding machines. These factories will be operational by December 2012, Sharma said.Panasonic will invest Rs 12,000 crore in India over three years' period and of which Rs 400 crore will be invested in advertisements and promotion of the products, during the current financial year. The company targets a turnover of Rs 10,000 crore from India in FY 13, of which Rs 5,500 will be from its consumer products division. The consumer products division had generated revenues of Rs 3,200 in the last financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15049871", "title": "Kolkata boy tops CA exam, fulfills dad's dream", "text": "KOLKATA: A 21-year-old city boy, Abhishek Gupta, topped the all India chartered accountant (CA) final examination held in May this year. Abhishek, a commerce graduate from St Xavier's College, ranked first among over one lakh candidates.Kolkata student tops the Chatered Accountant (CA) final examination this year. Abhishek Gupta (21) emerged ahead of over one lakh candidates who took the all India final examination held in May this year. The phone has not stopped ringing for this commerce graduate from St Xavier's College Kolkata since the result was announced on Thursday afternoon.\"I had worked sincerely and I knew my hardwork would be reflected in my result. But honestly, I did not expect to top the merit list. I am over the moon,\" Abhishek told TOI after the results were declared on Thursday afternoon.With an aggregate of 608 marks, the boy scored 76% to rank the merit list. While the second rankholder, Divyang Bhandari of Chennai, scored 600 marks, Shruti Sodhani clinched the third spot with a total of 587.Abhishek has always been good with his studies. He did his schooling from Birla High School and secured 94% marks in Class XII board examination. He graduated from St Xavier's College with 70% marks in 2011.The budding chartered accountant, however, is happier for his father Suresh Kumar Gupta. Suresh, who is employed an accounts manager, always wanted to become a chartered accountant, but could not fulfill his dreams.\"My father wanted to become a chartered accountant. But his dream was cut short because of financial problems and family issues. Therefore, I am really happy for him,\" said Abhishek who is the youngest of three siblings.The 21-year-old surged ahead of 1, 37, 086 candidates who took the CA examination this year. Candidates had the option of clearing either one of the two groups (each group is of four subjects) and clear the other group in the next examination or take exams for both groups at one go. Abhishek appeared for the both the groups together and secured 76% marks. Of the total 30,976 candidates who appeared for both the groups, only 5075 cleared the examination, a pass percentage of only 16.38%.\"My son has achieved what I could not achieve. The whole family is proud of him,\" said Suresh Kumar Gupta.Shuttling between his graduation classes and preparations for CA, Abhishek had never immersed himself in books. Movies, novels and hanging out with friends have also been a regular part of his life. A Sachin Tendulkar fan, studies never kept the cricket buff away from watching matches.\"Everything in life is about balancing. I hate to be a bookworm. I believe in life beyond books and hardwork too. My friends are demanding a treat and I will surely organise one,\" said Abhishek.The family has already started celebrating Abhishek's success with relatives and friends who dropped in at their Bondel Road house to congratulate Abhishek.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15050421", "title": "Presidential poll: All MLAs from Punjab, Haryana, HP, except Congress general secretary cast votes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: All the legislators of Punjab, Haryana and Himachal, barring Punjab Congress general secretary Arvind Khanna exercised their franchise in the presidential polls on Thursday. Khanna could not vote as he was unwell.In Punjab, 116 out of the 117 legislators, including former minister Bibi Jagir Kaur, who was recently convicted and sentenced to five-year rigorous imprisonment in the case of death of her daughter, cast her vote.Kaur, who has been lodged in a jail in Kapurthala, had got a one-day bail from the court to cast her vote.Punjab CM PS Badal, deputy CM Sukhbir Badal, Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee president Amarinder Singh were among others who reached the state assembly to exercise their franchise.SAD-BJP combine has 68 MLAs, Congress has 46 and the number of independents is 3.In Haryana, all the 90 assembly members cast their votes.However, Haryana Janhit Congress MLA Renuka Bishnoi chose to cast her vote in Delhi and not in Chandigarh.The strength of Congress in Haryana's 90-member House is Congress 46, INLD 30, BSP one, SAD one, BJP four, HJC one and seven independents.Hundred per cent polling was recorded in presidential poll in Himachal, as all 67 members of the assembly cast their vote.It was brisk and transport minister Mohinder Singh was the first to cast his vote at 10 am sharp, while the BJP MLA Desh Raj was the last.Himachal assembly has a total strength of 68 members but one seat has been lying vacant following the resignation of JP Nadda of BJP, who was elected to Rajya Sabha in April this year. The BJP and Congress have 41 and 23 members respectively, while three members are Independent in the Himachal assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15052927", "title": "Infosys sets up new facility exclusively for Apple", "text": "BANGALORE: There will be a lot more of India in Apple products soon. The $108-billion maker of iPhones and iPads is scaling up sharply the work it outsources to Infosys Technologies .The Bangalore-based IT giant has rented a 1.40-lakh-square-feet office space near its headquarters in Electronics City to house employees who would work exclusively for Apple. Sources in the real estate industry who did not want to be named said the building would have the capacity to house 1,400 people. The centre will be operational by the end of the year.It was previously reported that Apple CIO Neil O'Connor had met the Infosys top brass in Bangalore in January, leading to speculation that Apple was looking at outsourcing more to Indian companies.When contacted, Infosys said in an emailed response: \"We are unable to participate in your story.\"Apple, the maker of products like the iPod and iPad, outsources application development and maintenance work to the extent of Rs 490 crore to Indian IT services providers. It is said to account for $50 million (Rs 275 crore) of Infosys' annual revenue of $7 billion.Assuming that the new space that Infosys is taking for Apple will house a new set of employees, it would mean that Apple would be giving an additional business of at least $65 million (Rs 357 crore) every year to Infosys, considering that each Infosys employee accounts for an average annual revenue of $47,000. Infosys has about 1.5 lakh employees.Former employees of Infosys who had worked on the Apple account said the current work is being executed by employees across Bangalore, Mangalore, Bhubaneswar and Thiruvananthapuram . The ultra-secretive Apple does not disclose the nature of work it does with third parties. But the former Infosys employees said Infosys played a role in developing applications for iCloud \u2014 a service that allows users to access music, calendar, documents and email via the cloud and which automatically syncs with your Mac, iPad and iPhone.Infosys has also worked on developing applications for Apple Retail Store 2.0 launched last year, where iPad displays took the place of paper placards in Apple stores. The iPad offered an interactive way to explore the features and prices of the products being advertised, and it even had a call button to summon an Apple representative to the product for assistance.Infosys has also helped in the design of frameworks for the iOS , the operating platform for Apple devices that provides interfaces needed to write software for the platform. Many Infosys employees are trained on Cocoa, Apple's native objective-oriented application programming interface.Apple, with revenues of $108 billion in 2011, is the largest publicly traded company in the world by market capitalization, thanks to the phenomenal success of the iPhone and iPad. The market cap briefly touched $600 billion in April this year and currently is around $571 billion.In 2006, the company had moved to establish a 3,000-people strong technical support centre in Bangalore. But it withdrew within months following a massive backlash from Apple fans around the world who felt India would not be able to deliver the quality of support they expected. However, it looks like the quality of Indian IT outsourcing work has been too good to resist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15050701", "title": "Man arrested for blackmailing college girl", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Ravi Kumar, 24, a married man from Mohali, was on Thursday arrested for allegedly blackmailing and extorting money and jewellery from a girl, a BA-II student of Government Educational Institute. Ravi had befriended the girl and reportedly managed to make a video of her in a hotel room. Police said accused managed to extort Rs 18,000 in cash and a pair of gold earrings from the victim. The incident came to light when the girl narrated the story to her father, who lodged a criminal complaint against the youth.SHO of PS-34, Inspector Kirpal Singh, said a CD has been recovered from Ravi's possession but it only shows that they were meeting each other secretly. He said accused disclosed that he had shown her a pornographic movie claiming that he has a made a similar video of her and it would be put on the net, if she did not pay the money.A case was registered at police station, Sector 34. The accused has been sent in one-day police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15048770", "title": "Central Groundwater Board team leaves without inspection", "text": "NOIDA: A two-member team of the Central Groundwater Board (CGWB) arrived in Noida on Thursday to inspect dewatering by mall developers in Sector 18, but left without assessing the situation after media confronted them outside the construction site. The officials left when asked on the status and complaints raised into the issue. \"Commercial developers are directly threatening survival of future civilizations as early as five years from now by overdrawing groundwater. Already, the water levels of Sectors 18, 27, 19, 21 and nearby areas have fallen drastically,\" said social activist, Dushyant Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15052987", "title": "Rajpal Yadav dedicates his film to Dara Singh", "text": "Two legends, Dara Singh and Satyadev Dubey, who left us for the heavenly abode will be seen in Rajpal Yadav's directorial debut 'Ata Pata Laapata'.Wrestling champion and actor Dara Singh, who passed away a few days ago, and the doyen of Hindi theatre Satyadev Dubey, who left this world on December 25, 2011, will be seen for one more time in a film titled Ata Pata Laapata directed by Rajpal Yadav, who also plays the lead in it.The film, a musical political satire, will see Dubey playing a theatre actor a la Sir Lawrence Olivier's portrayal of Shakespeare and Dara Singh as the owner of a drama company. Fortunately, Ata Pata Laapata has been completed, and will release in October. It is dedicated to the two legends.Asked about his film, Rajpal says, \"When Satyadev Dubeyji agreed to be in my film, I felt I had achieved something great in life. And after that, Dara Singhji also agreed to be part of my film. Both the doyens were so inspiring to watch and direct. Satyadevji would say, 'Don't hesitate in correcting me if I am going wrong'. This, coming from the God of acting to someone who's not just his disciple but also a first-time director.\"About Dara Singh, Rajpal says, \"He was so professional in spite of his failing health. And so childlike in his enthusiasm about his role. By the time we came to his dubbing, he was too ill to travel. So, we recorded his dubbing at his home. We did try to get voices of mimic artistes to match Daraji's voice. But it was impossible. Dara Singhji's voice and personality can't be duplicated. He was one of his kind.\"Rajpal describes his film as an 'organized musical chaos'. Of the 175 actors, only 20 have acted in films while the rest are from theatre. Dara Singh even delivers a speech on the state of the nation in the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15054131", "title": "General Motors to have 300 sales points by year-end", "text": "KOLKATA: General Motors India, on Friday, opened a new dealership in Kolkata, its fourth in the city and eighth sales point in the state. The automaker has nine service points in West Bengal.Speaking on the occasion, GMI president &amp; managing director Lowell Paddock said the company would continue to add dealerships and expand its sales and service network to 300 locations by the end of this year.The company has also introduced a centralized 24x7 call centre to attend to customer complaints and provide information regarding products and services. It has also introduced a 24x7 breakdown helpline service, Chevy U-First camps and unique cost of ownership programme to enhance ownership experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15049253", "title": "Carjackers strike in JP Nagar", "text": "BANGALORE: A man chatting with his fiancee in his car was attacked by three knife-wielding men, who snatched his valuables and fled with his four-wheeler in JP Nagar I Phase at Wednesday midnight.This is the second such carjacking incident in a week.Saurabh Ghosh, 29, a data quality analyst with a captive IT centre in Manyata Tech Park and resident of Janapriya Greenwood apartments near Chikkabanavara, was sitting in his Hyundai Eon with his friend, Maitri Pal, an IT professional with a company in JP Nagar. They had parked in front of Maitri's PG accommodation when they were attacked.It was Maitri's birthday, and Saurabh and Maitri had had a birthday eve dinner at a hotel before he drove her to her PG accommodation near Indira Gandhi Circle on Sarakki Main Road, JP Nagar, around midnight.\"We were engaged a month ago. I stopped my car in front of Maitri's PG and was talking to her. Around 12.40am, a white Tata Indica that appeared to be a cab, stopped behind my car. The driver and two others alighted, they came to my window and one of them knocked on the glass,\" Saurabh told TOI.Saurabh rolled down the glass. \"Before I could realize who they were, the cab driver hit me in my face. Another guy pulled out a knife and pushed it into my shoulder, causing a minor cut. They told me to get out of the car. I did as I was told because they were armed,\" he said.Saurabh and Maitri got down from the car. \"I handed over my purse containing Rs 1,200 cash and a Samsung mobile. Luckily, I was not carrying my debit and credit cards. The trio pushed me aside, then one of them got into my car and drove away, while the other two took the Indica,\" he explained.The duo rushed to Jayanagar police station and filed a complaint around 1.15am. \"I was taken to Jayanagar hospital for first aid,\" Saurabh said.He said he had the original documents of his white Hyundai Eon (registration number KA-50-N-2893) in the car.\"My house keys were also in the car. Thankfully, the robbers did not harm my fiancee,\" he added.Police said Saurabh did not note down the number of the Indica. \"He might have been in a state of shock,\" a police officer said.On July 11, Karthik Selvaraj, 25, an executive with a private firm in Bellandur, was driving his Nissan car to his residence in Nethaji Colony, New Thippasandra.Around 11.15pm, two motorcycle-borne men waylaid him. The duo snatched Karthik's two mobiles and a purse with Rs 20,000. One of them drove away the car, while the other rode the bike. A week later, police are still clueless about the culprits.Around 6.30pm the same day, a bike-borne duo had sought to waylay a garment factory manager, Sumesh KP, who was returning to his Banaswadi home in his Honda City.\"The bikers tried to waylay me at Horamavu-100 Feet Road junction in HRBR Layout I Block. But I raised an alarm. A traffic police sub-inspector nearby rushed to my help, and the duo fled. A person claiming to be a medical shop owner in Shivajinagar was at the spot and I heard him telling the officer that the duo frequented his shop for drugs,\" Sumesh told TOI.Sumesh, who could not identify the traffic police officer, said the lead appeared to be worthy enough to be followed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15049634", "title": "UP to launch its state portal on August 1", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government has decided to launch the 'State Portal' on August 1, 2012 in all districts of Uttar Pradesh to transform the citizen-centric service delivery system through the use of Information and Communication Technology. After inaugurating the state level training workshop aimed at ensuring proper implementation of e-governance in UP, chief secretary Jawed Usmani said, \"Shifting of government to public interface from offices to web-based portal is an extremely important initiative as it will mitigate the abuse of administrative power by incorporating transparent procedures based on IT.\" Stating that he will monitor implementation of this project himself, chief secretary added, \"All departments concerned should ensure that required infrastructure for development and training of officials is completed within time.\"Describing this e-initiative as momentous, infrastructure &amp; industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta pointed out, \"UP is the only big state to have adopted this IT-based citizen-specific service delivery system on this scale. Once started, it should be our endeavour to maintain the quality of services.\" He said that the government is of the view that distribution of laptops and tablets would expand the awareness of IT &amp; ITeS (IT enabled services) and holds enormous scope of employment generation in this sector, therefore, it requires constant upgrading and seamless coordination among the different departments.Starting next month, 26 services of eight departments will be made available to people across the state via single access point - State Service Delivery Gateway (SSDG) State portal through Common Service Centres (CSC) and Lokvani centres. Departments of Food &amp; Civil supplies, Training &amp; Employment, Handicap Welfare, Social Welfare, Panchayati Raj, Urban Development, Revenue and Women welfare and Child Development will provide 26 services including various applications and certificates related to Caste, Income, Domicile, Employment registration, Loan to Handicapped persons, Old age pension, Family benefit scheme, Marriage and illness grant, copy of Kutumb register, Birth/Death certificates, Khatauni, Ration Card, Pension for widows and Financial and Legal assistant to dowry sufferer women among others.Earlier welcoming the officials and delegates from different departments, principal secretary, IT, Jiwesh Nandan informed that the state portal will have the provision of e-submission of applications for defined services, after that these applications will be processed by departments concerned and uploaded on portal again for requisition by the applicant.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049012", "title": "Parking tiff: Auto driver beats lawyer", "text": "NEW DELHI: An autorickshaw driver brutally assaulted a Delhi high court lawyer outside New Delhi railway station as the latter asked him to move his vehicle. He is on the run.The incident occurred around 6am on Tuesday when the victim, Medhanshu Tripathi (39), a resident of Kaushambi, had gone to Ajmeri Gate to see off his family at the station.\"I parked my car near the taxi stand but there was an autorickshaw there due to which I could not get down. I requested the driver to move his auto; but instead, he got down and began arguing with me. As he was getting very aggressive, I dialled 100,\" the victim said in his statement.The victim further told cops that the driver moved his vehicle ahead after he called the cops; but as soon as the police left, the driver returned with an iron rod and pounced on him.\"He began to abuse me and hit me on the face, head and hands. I screamed for help but nobody came. He fled the spot after thrashing me brutally,\" the lawyer said.The victim lay in a pool of blood after which passersby came to his rescue and the police was subsequently informed. The victim was rushed to Lok Nayak Hospital.A case was registered under Section 308 of IPC due to the nature of the assault.There has been a substantial increase in road rage instances this year. Special Commissioner of Police, Dharmendra Kumar, had said that road rages cases will be dealt with stringent sections of the law.Some of the most brazen cases in recent times include one on March 12 when an enraged driver of an SUV fired at the driver of an i10 going ahead of him as he made way for him very late. This had happened in Narela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15049817", "title": "CA final result out, 3 from Ahmedabad in top 50", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City girl Roshni Khanwani ranked 18th in the country in the chartered accountancy (CA) final examination. Three students from the city ranked in the top 50. Kunal Bindra secured 23th rank while Archit Singhla ranked 29th. The result was declared on Thursday.Ahmedabad students posted 15.45 per cent result in the CA finals. In the CA final result declared in January this year, the result was 35.36 per cent which was highest in the past three years. In 2011, the final CA result was 20.51 per cent.Officials said that the decline in the result was due to the fact that students from the city did not pay attention to article ship and channelized all their energy towards the written exam. \"Practical knowledge would help the students gain more knowledge about the subject and help them post a consistently good result,\" said Jainam Vakil, president of the Ahmedabad chapter of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI).Roshni who ranked 18{+t}{+h}{+,} said it was a pleasant surprise. \"I had given my best in the exams as I was clear about my goal. I had scored over 80 per cent in HSC and after that I did my BCom as an external student. I focused all my time and energy on preparing for the CA exams and the effort paid off,\" said Roshni whose elder brother is also a CA.In common proficiency test (CPT), an entry level CA test, the result was 44.44 per cent, up from the 35.33 per cent declared in January. Shruti Agarwal topped the city in CPT while Anand Varsani ranked second. They ranked fifth and ninth in the country respectively.\"I used to prepare for six hours daily. I had scored 95 per cent marks in HSC and cleared the CPT in the first try. Now, I want to crack the finals in my first try as well,\" said Anand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15049594", "title": "Around the world in 80 days so kids may have a safer place", "text": "AHMEDABAD: What is it to fly solo around the globe while working for a cause? For Carlo Schmid, a 22-year-old youth from Switzerland, it is like a dream to follow trail of fictional Jules Verne hero Phileas Fogg and write his name in the history as the youngest pilot to circumnavigate the globe in single engine plane. However, the journey is not without a cause. RTW 2012 - round the world for children, the event will also raise fund for education of girl children in India.Schmid was in Ahmedabad on Wednesday for a short stop before he flew to Nagpur and Kolkata. He met with the local United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF). UNICEF's Gandhinagar officials said that Schmid started off on July 22 from Zurich and plans to land back on September 29.If he successfully ends the journey, he will be surpassing current world record set by Irving Barrington, an American who achieved the feat at the age of 23.\"One of the project's goals is to demonstrating commitment for a better world. Carlo and his team are doing fundraising for UNICEF in Switzerland and the countries he is visiting. The fund will go to UNICEF programmes of girl's education in India,\" said a UNICEF official.Carlo who started off from Switzerland, has visited Austrian, Greece, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Pakistan and India and now will visit Thailand, Vietnam , Philippines, Taiwan, Japan, Russia, USA, Canada, Greenland, Iceland, England and Germany during the course of journey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15050130", "title": "Barring one MLA, all MP legislators cast vote in Presidential poll", "text": "BHOPAL: All the legislators of Madhya Pradesh, barring one, on Thursday exercised their franchise in the presidential poll at the polling station set up on the assembly premises here.Official sources said one legislator, Nagendra Singh, who represents Gud constituency, could not cast his vote. BJP national general secretary Narendra Singh Tomar, an MP, also cast his vote in Bhopal .The state assembly had a strength of 230, till a day before the presidential poll but two seats fell vacant after the assembly adopted a resolution terminating the membership of two Congress legislators namely Choudhary Rakesh Singh and Dr Kalpana Parulekar over their alleged misbehaviour and undemocratic conduct in the House.With 228 legislators, the value of votes of MLAs from Madhya Pradesh is 30,130 with value of vote of each MLA is 131. Value of vote of an MLA is calculated by dividing the total population of the state by number of elected members multiplied by 1000. In other words, value of an MLA vote is based on the number of thousands of people represented by the legislator.Congress, which is in opposition in Madhya Pradesh, has 66 legislators in the assembly. The strength of the ruling BJP is 154 (including the speaker) while Bahujan samaj Party has seven members, three independents and one MLA of Samajwadi Party .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049584", "title": "Rahul Gandhi finally ready to play bigger role", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rahul Gandhi on Thursday confirmed that he had agreed to play a bigger role in the party, something that would move him up in the hierarchy leading to his projection as the party's prime ministerial candidate in the 2014 elections.Talking to reporters after voting for Pranab Mukherjee in the presidential elections, Rahul said, \"I will play a more proactive role in the party and the government. The decision has been taken, the timing is up to my two bosses -- the Congress president and the prime minister.\"The heir apparent was speaking against the backdrop of statements by Congress leaders that he had finally heeded the plea to move beyond his current responsibility of looking after the affairs of Youth Congress and NSUI to play an active role in the Congress's mainstream.Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh had said that the elevation would happen in September: a timeframe that would coincide with the end of the monsoon session of Parliament and beginning of a spell when Congress would look forward to consolidate affairs before taking on Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi in the state elections scheduled this year.Rahul's statement instantly reinforced the estimate that he may be appointed to a stronger post, probably vice-president, in the lead-up to his eventual projection as the party's choice for prime minister. He is also likely to become a part of Congress's core group, a closed group of select ministers and office-bearers who decide on government policies and the issues facing the organization.The Congress is looking at big changes in the coming days. A reshuffle in government is likely, as early as before the vice-president's election on August 7.Rahul's confirmation about his move up came a day after his mother and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi said he had to decide on his future role and nobody could decide on his behalf.Congress issued a special statement to say Rahul assuming a bigger role would be a welcome step. \"We will be very happy if Rahul Gandhi takes on some more responsibility and it would be a very welcome step. What responsibility and when is up to the party leadership and Rahulji to decide,\" party general secretary Janardan Dwivedi said.The move is set to stir the political pot beyond Congress. Any movement away from the minor AICC charge of youth outfits will project Rahul as the Congress face for the Lok Sabha contest, a possibility which would have implications for intra-party equations while also nudging rival BJP to factor it in its strategy.Congress's proactive bid to remove ambiguity about Rahul's readiness to take the top job is sure to light up the next polls. It would leave BJP to pick its PM candidate to make it a direct contest between two faces like the American presidential race, a style it has preferred since the late 1990s when Atal Bihari Vajpayee's projection brought the party to power.In 2009 too, L K Advani tried to turn the Lok Sabha elections into a US-style presidential contest by taking on Manmohan Singh . The tactic backfired spectacularly, with Singh, encouraged by Sonia, taking on the BJP leader and picking holes in his claim to be \"tough\".With the BJP teeming with personalities with outsize egos and aspirations, arriving at a consensus on leadership could be a difficult task.Times ViewMany will point to the move to give Rahul Gandhi a greater role in the party and government as confirmation of the dynastic nature of the Congress party's politics. While there is merit in that contention, we would suggest looking at it somewhat differently. The fact is that the Gandhi scion, by virtue of who he is, de facto has much greater power and influence than his formal designations as Congress general secretary and Lok Sabha MP would indicate. Giving him an official position that corresponds to the power he actually wields is, therefore, a desirable thing. Because formal positions carry formal responsibilities and it is always good to have responsibility where there is authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049503", "title": "BJP ups the ante against NCP", "text": "Mumbai: Upping the ante against NCP minister Chhagan Bhujbal , the BJP on Thursday raised the controversy over construction of the new Maharashtra Sadan in the legislative assembly. Senior BJP leader Girish Bapat alleged that the construction involved a fraud of at least Rs 100 crore. Maharashtra Sadan is the official state guest house in Delhi.On Tuesday, BJP leaders Kirit Somaiya and Devendra Fadnavis had accused Bhujbal, who heads the public works department, of being involved in \"corruption in the project\". tnn\"Questioning a 192% escalation in cost of the project - the cost rose from Rs 52 crore to Rs 152 crore-, the BJP, in a complaint to the anti-corruption bureau, had alleged Bhujbal misused his office to ensure that sub-contracts in the project were passed on to \"benami\" companies controlled by him or his family.Bhujbal refuted all allegations and said, \"Do not rely on newspapers, produce documents\". tnn and said that he was being selectively targeted. Raising fingers on the quality of work, Bapat, on Thursday, once again questioned the cost escalation and sub-contracts awarded. Clarifying in the House, Bhujbal claimed that there was no escalation in cost approved by the government. \"Do not rely on newspaper reports. Produce documents,\" Bhujbal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15050198", "title": "Water level in dams up 1.1 TMC in 24 hrs", "text": "PUNE: The city continued to receive light to moderate showers for the second consecutive day with 9.2 mm rainfall being recorded in the last 24 hours, ending at 5.30 pm on Thursday.Since Wednesday morning, the city has recorded 12.2 mm rainfall, which is only 5.3 mm less than the 17.5 mm recorded between July 1 and 17. The city has so far received 67.9 mm rainfall so far for the season, which is still 187 mm less than the normal.\"The water levels of the four major dams, which provide water to the city, also registered an impressive recovery with their collective storage going up by 1.10 TMC from 2.14 TMC on Wednesday to 3.24 TMC on Thursday,\" said V G Kulkarni, who heads the water department at the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).The recovery has mainly been possible due to the fairly heavy rains in the catchment areas of these dams for the last two days.Between 6am and 5pm on Thursday, the Varasgaon and Panshet dams received 47 mm and 43 mm rains, respectively, while the Temghar dam recorded 35 mm rains and the Khadakwasla dam received 6 mm rains.\"This is in addition to the 110 mm rainfall recorded by Varasgaon and 107 mm by Panshet dams in the 24 hrs between 6am on Wednesday and 6am on Thursday. Temghar received 71 mm rainfall while Khadakwasla recorded 26 mm during this period,\" said S N Bolbhat, executive engineer of Pune irrigation circle's Khadakwasla division, which has been recording rainfall on a 24-hour basis, ending at 6 am every day.Meanwhile, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) has maintained its forecast of light rains with a 51% to 75% probability in some parts of the city during the next 24 hours.The Konkan and Goa belt, which includes Mumbai, and the south central Maharashtra, between Satara and Kolhapur, have received fairly widespread rains under the influence of a trough of low that has become active since Wednesday, in the Arabian sea off the west coast. The system is particularly more intense in the northern parts of the west coast, stretching from Konkan to north coastal Karantaka, an IMD official said.The popular hillstation of Mahabaleshwar in neighbouring Satara district recorded 28 mmrainfall on Thursday while Kolhapur received 17 mm rainfall . The Colaba observatory in Mumbai recorded 20 mm rainfall while Alibag and Ratnagiri, both in Konkan, received 15 mm and 13 mm, respectively. In Maharashtra, the monsoon has been active over Konkan and Goa and Vidarbha, the official said.The IMD's all India weather bulletin stated on Thursday that the axis of monsoon trough, which currently lies north of its normal position, will shift southwards on Friday. The southward movement of the monsoon trough is expected to bring more rainfall to parts of the central India, which covers Maharashtra among other states.At the end of the seventh week of the ongoing monsoon season, on July 18, the IMD has reported a 22% below average rainfall for the country as a whole. Only one of the 36 meteorological sub-divisions have recorded excess rainfall while another 10 sub-divisions have received normal rainfall. The remaining 25 sub-divisions have recorded deficient and scanty rains. The country has received 256.4 mm rainfall till July 18 as against the normal of 328.1 mm for the season so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "15050846", "title": "Court allows Saudi women to divorce smoker hubbies", "text": "DUBAI: A Saudi judge has allowed women to divorce husbands who smoke.The judge said should the women have health issues due to their husbands' smoking habits, they could file cases against them and the \"legal rules applied in these cases could reach the stage of divorce.\" \"If a woman married a man and then found out that he is a smoker, and she mentioned in her case that she had, as a result of his smoking, a health issue in the chest and severe allergy, after stating that she didn't want in the first place to marry a smoker because she considered it a fault in the man, their marriage should be ended because of the harm smoking causes and the inability of the couple to continue their life together ,\" the Gulf News quoted the judge, as saying.However, he excluded the cases of those who were aware of their husband's smoking prior to marriage, while the duration of marriage is another factor to be taken into consideration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15050696", "title": "Pooja\u2019s brother keen on custody of niece", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Prem Chand, brother of deceased Pooja, has decided to try to get the custody of three-year-old Ridham from her paternal grandparents. \"Staying there would leave a bad effect on her, as sooner or later she would get to know about her mother's gruesome murder,\" he said. He argued, \"It would affect her personality when she grows up and comes to know about her parents story.\"Prem Chand, who is married has two sons. \"I have decided to adopt Ridham after discussing the matter with my wife and she also feels that the little girl will complete our family,\" he added.Ridham's maternal uncle is not willing to take any legal measures to get the custody of the little girl and is confident that her paternal grandparents will understand.Prem Chand is a government teacher in Rampur Bushahr in Shimla and belongs to Palampur area in Himachal. Currently, Ridham is with her paternal grandparents in Sector 20. Balwinder Pal, the girl's grandfather, is an employee with the Punjab irrigation department and lives in a government accommodation in Sector 20.A senior police official said, \"Ridham's custody is a family matter and we cannot interfere in it. If the girl's grandparents refuse to give her custody to Prem Chand, he has the right to approach the courts.\"Another close relative of the deceased Pooja claimed, \"We are sure after a while Vajinder's relatives will start visiting him in jail.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15050667", "title": "Diggian plant to be remodelled", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To increase the tertiary water supply in city, the municipal corporation has now decided to remodel the tertiary treatment plant (TTP) in Diggian. MC has allotted work to an agency and in a span of six months it hopes to supply 10MGD of tertiary water to the city from this plant.The plant was setup by Chandigarh administration in the year 1991 and was used for supplying tertiary water to the city, but gradually the machinery stopped working and it was never revived. Then the MC had setup a TTP with the grant from the Centre in the year 2009. Currently, the plant is supplying 7MGD of tertiary water to the City Beautiful.Over the years with the increase in number of parks, there's a need to increase the supply, but only 3MGD more can be generated. In spite of this, there is a need to increase the supply of water because in the present scenario the supply is limited to the one kanal or above houses. So MC has decided to revive the TTP at a cost of Rs 2.9 crore.Interestingly, during the MC house meeting, the matter of tertiary water supply was raised by some of the councillors last month. The councillors alleged that in the morning, the supply of tertiary water is diverted to the golf course and taps in southern sector parks go dry. After this, the officials too had claimed that that a large amount of water is used in the golf course, however they had assured the councillors that supply will be increased.Public health department superintending engineer R C Diwan said the work has been started so as to increase the tertiary water supply. After six months, the city will get at least 17 MGD of water from both the TTPs and the capacity will be further increased to a total of 20 MGD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15049392", "title": "Fire at AC plant doused", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After a 10-hour operation fire officials were able to extinguish the fire at consumer durables firm 'Hitachi Home &amp; Life Solutions' production plant in Kadi. The fire broke out on Wednesday evening in unit number 2, manufacturing air conditioners which takes 80 per cent of the load.The nearly 24,000 sq m plant has become inoperable due to the blaze and large quantities of raw material and property was gutted in the fire. No casualty was reported in the incident.\"We sent 11 fire-fighting vehicles from Ahmedabad and another 12 were called from Gandhinagar , Kalol, Mehsana and ONGC . The fire spread inside the unit due to inflammable raw material and poor fire-safety measures,\" said Ahmedabad's Deputy Fire Officer Rajesh Bhatt.\"Fire vehicles had to be sent to other locations to refill as there was no facility on the spot. The fire has brought forth the need to have on-the-spot water refilling resources, according to the requirements of fire fighting vehicles,\" he said.Company officials said that they are yet to assess losses and ascertain the cause of fire at the Kadi plant which has a capacity of producing three lakh air-conditioners a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049575", "title": "State announces cash rewards for Samaritans helping accident victims", "text": "MUMBAI: Promising to make the existing legal process hassle free for witnesses, the Maharashtra government on Thursday announced a cash reward for good Samaritans who come forward to help road accident victims. The award, which will be given in three categories- Rs 1,50,000, Rs 1,00,000 and Rs 50,000 - is aimed at motivating onlookers and witnesses to help victims. Witnesses will not be asked to repeatedly come to give statements, instead it will be recorded at one time by the local police station.Announcing the move in the Legislative Council, home minister R R Patil said fearing a police enquiry and a lengthy legal process, even people with good intentions have developed a tendency of staying away from helping accident victims. \"The first hour of any accident is important: called the Golden Hour. We must ensure the victims get all help during this period, at the same time making the system hassle-free for witnesses who help victims during this period,\" said Patil during a Half-An-Hour debate on the issue.Without explaining the grounds on which these categories will be differentiated, Patil said the government would also study possible changes to the law to simplify the process for those coming forward.Maharashtra is currently ranked fourth in the country in cases of road accidents, with nearly 13,600 people dying every year in traffic-related mishaps. The death toll in the country is 1,10,000.Mumbai, too, has seen a steady rise in cases of road accidents, rash driving and drink-driving. Since 2007, nearly 2 lakh people have been booked and Rs 33.6 crore collected in fines from offenders. While there is scope for increasing traffic fines, the Centre has been sitting on amendments to the Motor Vehicle Act to increase fines. \"We can only request the Centre to increase these paltry fines,\" Patil said.The home minister also announced a committee of four ministers to ensure better coordination between various departments responsible for maintaining road safety in the state, including health, home, PWD and transport departments. \"Road accidents cause the second largest number of deaths in the state after natural deaths. This has to stop,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15050680", "title": "I-T unearths Rs 31cr undisclosed income", "text": "JAIPUR: Income Tax officials on Thursday unearthed undisclosed income worth Rs 31 crore following a raid conducted at 17 places belonging to two leading business groups in the city.They were expecting the figure to go up by Friday as the calculation of the unaccounted assets was on till late in the evening.At least 150 I-T sleuths from the office of director general, Income Tax (Investigations) are taking part in the raid.\"So far, an undisclosed income of Rs 31 crore was found by our team. The seizure till Thursday night included a cash of Rs 61 lakh and assets worth Rs 64 lakh,\" said Sanjiv Singh, additional director, Income Tax (Investigations).According to I-T officials, nearly 40 policemen were also taking part in the raid. The searches started at 7 am on Wednesday on the premises belonging to two business groups involved in real estate , gems and jewellery, copper power manufacture, towel and restaurants.Out of the 17 establishments, 16 are in Jaipur while one is in Kotputli.The took place at two residences in Amba Bari and Vaishali Nagar and also in factories at Sitapura and Vishwakarma industrial area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15052312", "title": "US House votes to cut USD 650mn in military aid to Pak", "text": "WASHINGTON: In a latest jab at Pakistan by the US, the House of Representatives has unanimously voted to cut American military aid to Islamabad by USD 650 million as Republicans sought to tamp down demands for deeper reductions.The amendment to cut the aid, which was proposed by Republican Congressman Ted Poe , passed on the floor in a voice vote. Poe had demanded a USD 1.3 billion cut, but settled for the 650 million cut. It will now go to Senate for approval.\"Pakistan is the 'Benedict Arnold' to America in the war on terror. They are disloyal, deceptive and a danger to the United States,\" said Poe, a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee .\"This so-called ally continues to take billions in US aid, while funding the militants who attack us. And we've kept the money flowing. It's time we turn off the tap,\" Poe said.The State Department, however, refused to comment on the development, saying that since the legislative process was ongoing, he would not have any particular reaction.\"We continue to consult with Congress, but I don't have any particular reaction to ongoing legislative debate,\" said State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell.\"We continue to, obviously, support our Pakistani counterparts in key areas like counterterrorism, but I don't have a particular reaction to ongoing legislative debate,\" Ventrell told reporters.\"By continuing to provide aid to Pakistan, we are funding the enemy, endangering Americans and undermining our efforts in the region. We don't need to pay them to betray us; they are already doing it for free,\" said Poe.The passage of the amendment comes at a fragile time for relations between the US and Pakistan, which only recently overcame differences that led Pakistan closing down a critical supply route into Afghanistan that had cost the United States about USD 100 million in additional war costs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15054604", "title": "'Samrajyam 2' makers yet to finalise the lead actor", "text": "As the hype to who is starring as the lead in Son of Alexander builds, we had earlier reported that Prithviraj is the frontrunner to star in the sequel to Mammootty's Samrajyam. Now, its producer Ajmal Hassan says, \"We're in talks with several actors including Prithviraj. But the dates are the biggest problem. We haven't finalised on anything.\"The producer says that director Perarusu's team is trying to vie in Arya, Dulquar Salmaan, Vijay and even Allu Arjun for the role. \"We're in talks with all these stars and we will officially announce once the agreement is signed with whoever is willing to take the role. Rumours of one actor already being signed will only force the others to take a backseat so we want the media to restrain themselves,\" he says.While the space of the lead actor is yet to be filled in, the latest addition to the crew is cinematographer Shekhar V Joseph of Rajinikanth's Chandramukhi fame. Guess the filmmakers are planning to come out all guns blazing for this sequel!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15049660", "title": "'UP MLA' Uma Bharti shows up to vote", "text": "LUCKNOW: She may have failed to show up for a single day during the month-long session of the Uttar Pradesh legislative assembly, but on Thursday, firebrand BJP leader Uma Bharti made up for her absence when she arrived in Lucknow to vent her 'voice of conscience'.On Thursday, Bharti was among the 401 MLAs from Uttar Pradesh who exercised their franchise in Lucknow for the presidential poll. Two UP MLAs, BJP's Mahesh Kumar Sharma from Noida and Rashtriya Lok Dal's Sudesh Sharma from Modinagar had sought special permission from the Election Commission to vote in New Delhi. On Thursday morning, Speaker of the UP Assembly, Mata Prasad Pandey was the first one to cast his vote, while BSP leader Swami Prasad Maurya was the second to vote. The entire polling process concluded nearly one and a half hour before the 5.00 pm deadline with Shyam Prakash, SP MLA from Gopamau, being the last one to cast his vote. Following the elections, the sealed ballot boxes will be sent to New Delhi on Friday. Counting of votes in the presidential election and declaration of results will be done on July 22.Later, citing her busy schedule owing to her Samaghra Ganga Abhiyan for her absence from UP especially House sittings, Charkhari MLA constituency Uma Bharati assured Congress leaders and others of her more-than-often presence in future.She was replying to a question on senior Congress leader Pramod Tiwari's wish to have her \"darshan\" in the state assembly. Uma, however, clarified that she had been visiting her constituency quite regularly as there was no fixed time-frame which was the case for attending House sittings.The first of the two meetings of the firebrand leader with mediapersons in the day was more of political while the second meeting later in the day at VVIP guest house focussed more on her \"apolitical Ganga abhiyaan\".The firebrand leader took a dig at Akhilesh-led Samajwadi Party government for poor law and order situation in the state and asked the party leaders to keep a check on their party cadre. She also questioned the fault of the daughters of Dalits and other castes that the Akhilesh-led government has announced Rs 30,000 scholarship for Muslim girls only.\"It's good that Muslim girls are being given money, but what wrong have the girls from other caste and religion done that they have been deprived of this scheme,\" she asked and cautioned the state government that if need arose she, along with girls of other caste and religions, would take on the UP government and stage demonstration in support of the demand for equal treatment.On separate statehood, Uma said emotionally she was always in favour of separate statehood to Bundelkhand region, however, an atmosphere has to be created and mere talks on this will not do any good.She said Samagrah Ganga Abhiyaan would be launched in three phases -- yatra, seminar and formation of human chain.At VVIP guest house later in the day, Uma Bharati at an informal meeting with a few reporters talked about the campaign and her lead role in the drive. Long time back, national BJP president Nitin Gadkari had asked her: \"When will you feel that you have arrived?\" It was then she had told him that it would be good if something serious was done to save Ganga.Giving details of the plans, Uma said the yatra under the Samagrah Ganga Abhiyaan would begin from September 20 and continue till October 28. After October 28, international level seminar with speakers including environmentalist and scientists and seers and saints will be held and which will finally culminate into formation of human chain throughout the country.Since it is apolitical campaign, \"I will urge regional parties and people of the country to be part of the campaign,\" Uma said and added that plans were afoot to ensure that at least 1 crore people wrote letters in support of saving the Ganga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "15050653", "title": "Navaratra fest begins in Kangra today", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Kangra district administration is making arrangements to manage a large number of pilgrims who shall reach the place as the navaratra fest begins from July 20. Among the nine shakti peeths, there are three major shrines in this district - Jwala Ji, Chamunda Devi and Brejshwari Temple.Section 144 of the CrPc has been imposed and the administration has deployed 500 cops around the three temples. Provisions of drinking water and health facilities have been made. Deputy commissioner K R Bharti said, \"Pilgrims travel in their own vehicles most of the time, which is why we have set up good parking spaces. Heavy vehicles would be parked on the outskirts of the city so as to prevent traffic snarls.\"People said the administration should install makeshift toilets, especially on the banks of rivulets, to avoid water pollution. \"People use rivulet water to wash clothes; some even defecate, thus causing too much pollution. Moreover, this spoils the areas meant for morning and evening walks,\" said a local activist.When contacted, the administrative sources said they would take all necessary steps and proper arrangements would be made this time.By using CCTV telecast over the Internet, the administrative plans to launch the \"live-darshan\" facility. Cameras have been installed at all corners of the temples for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15051193", "title": "Five TDP MLAs defy party diktat, vote in president poll", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a clear indication that they are all set to part ways with Chandrababu Naidu, 5 TDP MLAs defied the party's stand on presidential poll and turned up for voting here on Thursday. In all, 190 MLAs and three MPs voted in the election held at the state assembly premises.The five TDP MLAs who defied Naidu were S Venugopalachari (Mudhole ), Hariswar Reddy (Pargi), Balanagi Reddy (Mantralayam), Kodali Nani (Gudiwada), and Chinnam Ramakotiah (Nuzved). According to sources, four of them have already drifted away and are to join hands with Jaganmohan Reddy while the fifth, Ramakotaiah, is likely to join the ruling Congress. \"As far as the presidential poll is concerned, it can be safely assumed that all of them voted for UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee ,\" said a leader.The TDP has a total strength of 86 MLAs in the assembly. Naidu had announced on Tuesday that his party would abstain from voting in the presidential election. \"While these five legislators defying the party diktat may not be surprising, what can be unsettling for Naidu is that many more could be waiting in the wings,\" said TDP sources. Barring this, the presidential poll in the state did not throw up any other surprises. While all 156 Congress MLAs voted, Alla Nani (Eluru) and Ranga Rao (Bobbili), who had recently resigned from the ruling party to join the YSR Congress, preferred to come along with Jagan party members for voting on the assembly premises . They have already submitted their resignations to Speaker Nadendla Manohar, but will continue to remain legislators until a decision is taken on them.Hyderabad: Two elected representatives lodged in Chanchalguda jail, YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy and former excise minister Mopidevi Venkataramana, also turned up for voting with police escort. Two other MPs, Mekapati Rajamohan Reddy (YSR Congress, Lok Sabha ) and N Janardhan Reddy (Congress, Rajya Sabha) preferred to cast their votes in Hyderabad due to different personal reasons.Of the three BJP MLAs, Yannam Srinivasa Reddy from Mahbubnagar could not make it for the voting as he missed his flight from the US to India. He had gone to the US to take part in an event organised by Telugu Mahasabha and could not reach Hyderabad in time. Apart from the Congress legislators , all 17 MLAs from YSR Congress, seven from MIM, 2 from BJP and one each from Loksatta and CPM turned up for the voting while former TDP leader Nagam Janardhan Reddy voted as an independent MLA. TDP, TRS and CPI abstained from voting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15049423", "title": "Epic encounter: Vanzara plays Vasudev in jail Krishna Leela", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was the dead of night when Lord Krishna was born, behind bars. Ancient texts speak of how reality turned miraculous as the jail gates flew open and existence seemed to conspire to save this little avatar from the tyranny of his cruel uncle, King Kans of Mathura.The age-old tale of how Krishna was stolen out of King Kans's jail was replayed at the Sabarmati Central Jail on Thursday. Who do you think played Krishna's saviour-father? Tainted cop D G Vanzara played role of Vasudev - little Krishna's father. The suspended IPS offiver, Vanzara, is a prime accused in a number of controversial police encounters. He has been arrested for masterminding two fake police encounters -Sohrabuddin Sheikh and Tulsiram Prajapati.The enactment of the birth of Lord Krishna took place in the jail on Thursday as part of a Bhagwat Katha recital by Maharaj Navneet Thakkar that began on July 15 and is slated to conclude on July 22.On Thursday the tale was to revolve around the birth of Krishna. Thakkar proposed that Vanzara play Vasudev, as he steals out of the jail with little Krishna. Vanzara then, addressing fellow inmates, replied: \"Krishna is considered the Lord of the Universe. Portraying Vasudev's role is a privilege for me.\"On Thursday jail inmates saw Vanzara make a dramatic entry but sans his usual attire - white sports shoes and well-ironed white trousers and shirt. This time the encounter specialist wore a dhoti, kurta and traditional tilak on his forehead. He carried a cane basket on his head with a baby inside.When Krishna's birth featured in the Katha, inmates as well as Vanzara broke into a spontaneous dance. Chants of Krishna filled the air as inmates threw gulal in the air to give their religious fervour a touch of colour.Vanzara, speaking to his fellow inmates, then added rather sagely: \"We all are here because of some mistakes we have made. This katha will inject a sense of positivity in us. When we finish our jail terms and are released, we should go out into the world as good human beings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15050006", "title": "Negligence of power department results into lineman\u2019s electrocution", "text": "VARANASI: Negligence of electricity department claimed the life of a lineman, when he was busy in changing the feeder line at a pole in Maidagin area during the wee hours on Thursday.Angered by his killing, the junior employees and linemen locked the office of Urban electricity distribution division-III at Machhodari and created a ruckus. Purvanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited (PVVNL) managing director A P Mishra ordered a probe into the matter. The contractor gave Rs 1 lakh to the bereaved family.Dheeraj Prajapati (30), a native of Chowkaghat area, was working as contract labourer in the electricity department. On Wednesday night, the work of changing the feeder line was started at a pole in front of Harishchandra PG College in Maidagin. On Thursday morning, Dheeraj climbed the pole to change the feeder line. In the meantime, power supply started in the line despite the fact that the officials of division were aware about the work in progress on the pole at Maidagin.Dheeraj was electrocuted and his body remained hanging with the pole for three hours. The body was brought down with the help of a crane. The news of spread like wildfire and the power employees gathered at UEDD-III Machhodari office. The agitated power employees locked all the offices and staged a demonstration. They were demanding compensation for the family members of Dheeraj and government job for his wife.The agitation continued till the executive engineer and the city magistrate reached there and told the demonstrators that the department and the contractor, under whom Dheeraj worked, had given Rs 1 lakh each to the bereaved family.The officials assured to think sympathetically on the other demand. The agitating power employees then allowed the police to take the body for postmortem examination.Taking a serious note of the incident, the MD of PVVNL assigned the chief engineer (distribution) Alok Verma to probe into the matter. Verma was asked to identify the officials, whose laxity led to the death of Dheeraj. Verma would also recommend the measures to avoid recurrence of such incidents in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15049232", "title": "Needed: Equitable, transparent and unambiguous land use policy", "text": "In recent times, Karnataka is losing its appeal as a preferred investment destination due to declining infrastructure, lack of policy reforms and bureaucratic impediments that have slowed down project approvals.With a new chief minister in Jagadish Shettar, it is time to look ahead and renew efforts to revive investor confidence and drive inclusive growth.The government received investment proposals worth Rs 7.6 lakh crore from 730 global and Indian companies at last month's Global Investors Meet (GIM). The disquieting truth, however, is that only 4% of the Rs 4 lakh crore worth MoUs at the 2010 GIM have taken off. I believe the state government needs to address some critical issues with urgency and transparency if it wants GIM 2012 to deliver.* Bridge the infrastructure deficit: Infrastructure woes - especially with regard to water and power - are crippling development. The government must focus on basic infrastructure across the state and ensure high-speed road and rail connectivity. Public-private partnerships, which can provide an answer, need to be strengthened in terms of project approvals.* Streamline land approvals: Government inaction on land approvals is forcing industries to move to other states. Infrastructure industry leaders promised to invest thousands of crores during the first GIM. However, those projects have remained on paper primarily due to land acquisition issues. The government needs to put in place an equitable, transparent and unambiguous land use policy.* Ensure policy and programme implementation: Policies and schemes are either not implemented, or are dictated by the personal considerations of officials and politicians. We require accountability and faster decision-making. The need to streamline procedures and enable single-window clearance for projects cannot be overemphasized.* Facilitate funding, offer incentives: A venture funding corpus from the state government with private participation and tax concessions for SMEs and agro-based industries are the need of the hour.* Rationalise taxes: Karnataka is facing stiff competition from other states. The government needs to review and revise its higher VAT slabs in line with other states since Karnataka is losing investments as well as revenue.We must also ensure we don't waver from inclusive development. Education and healthcare are pivotal to this mandate. It's embarrassing that Karnataka ranks among the lowest literacy rates in the country and a laggard in public health. Although Karnataka pioneered micro-health insurance through the Yashaswini health insurance plan for farmer co-operatives, other states have taken bolder strides. It's well accepted worldwide that healthcare systems of the future will have to be supported by robust IT architecture and enabled through smart technologies. It's a matter of concern that Karnataka has done little and is a laggard in this despite being a leader in IT, while states like Tamil Nadu are taking a lead.Investors are attracted to economic and social development that builds economic growth through social equity and stable policies. It's time all stakeholders in Karnataka make this happen.(The author is chairman &amp; managing director of Biocon )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15051024", "title": "Molest row: Threat to Mahila Congress leader", "text": "IMPHAL: All India Mahila Congress Committee secretary Poonam Rani Wangkhem, who demanded justice for the Guwahati molestation victim from Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi, has claimed to receive numerous threat calls.Poonam, who is the Mahila Congress in-charge of Assam, says she got 15 calls after meeting Gogoi. She however did not divulge the nature of threats. Poonam visited Guwahati to investigate the molestation case following a directive from the All India Mahila Congress. She is the daughter of late Manipur legislator Basantakumar Wangkhem and elder sister of ex-MLA Vivek Raj Wangkhem of Imphal East.During her meeting with Gogoi, she expressed concern over the TV news channel that telecast the incident's footage with uncensored face of the victim. Poonam said she had also asked Gogoi to take action against the news channel's chief editor, as well as the video journalist, for allegedly instigating the incident.Thanking Gogoi for taking rapid action by arresting 12 of the 15 accused, Poonam said the two journalists in question have resigned from their respective posts. She added that one police sub-inspector of the area has been placed under suspension and a senior superintendent of police was transferred for dereliction of duty.The Assam government is currently providing shelter, as well as round the clock police protection to the victim girl, the Mahila Congress leader said. The girl was given Rs 50,000 each by Tarun Gogoi and Assam social welfare minister Akon Bora, she added. She said Assam Mahila Congress staged a protest rally and submitted a memorandum to the National Commission for Women. Hordes of women activists of Manipur, while condemning the incident, have demanded tough punishment for the perpetrators of the crime.Poonam told TOI on Thursday that she has already spoken to All India Mahila Congress president Anita Verma and Assam Congress president Bhubaneswar Kalita on the phone and informed them about the calls. The senior Congress leaders have advised Poonam to lodge a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15053848", "title": "SC notice on Jaya Jaitly's plea to visit Fernandes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday sought the response of Leila Kabir, wife of former defence minister George Fernandes , on a petition by his close political associate Jaya Jaitly seeking permission to visit the ailing 82-year-old leader.A bench of justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi issued notice on the limited question of \"visitation rights\" sought by Jaitly.The apex court granted two weeks time to the respondent to file her response but refrained from staying the Delhi high court order as sought by the counsel for the petitioner.The high court had on April 17 denied permission to Jaitly to visit the ailing leader, while dismissing her plea for impleadment in the civil suit filed by Fernandes' brothers seeking access to the leader, who is suffering from Alzheimer's disease.The high court had said that she had no legal rights to claim visitation rights to the former Samata Party leader.Jaitly in her plea, before the high court, had sought permission to visit the ailing leader on the ground that she has been a close political colleague and confidante of Fernandes for more than 30 years and that he required aid and assistance from his old friend.She had claimed Fernandes should not be deprived of his basic human rights to meet acquaintances and friends.Her plea was opposed by Fernandes's wife and also his brothers on the ground of locus standi. They had said since she could not assert her legal status, she could not be added as a party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053560", "title": "MJ's siblings question Michael's will authenticity", "text": "Michael Jackson's siblings have fired off a letter demanding the immediate resignation of the superstar's estate executors claiming that the administrators faked the document before the singer's death on 25 June, 2009 to gain control of his finances.According to Celebuzz, the letter signed by Jacksons' was sent to John Branca and John McClain on Tuesday, stating that the Thriller icon's will was flawed, the Daily Express reported.\"At the time we couldn't possibly fathom what is so obvious to us now: that the Will, without question, it's fake, flawed and fraudulent..,\" the letter said.\"Since the passing of Michael, our beloved brother, you have failed to perform your duties as executors of his estate, but what you have not failed at is taking advantage of a grieving mother, father and a grieving family.\"Our brother told us, in no uncertain terms and without hesitation in the months prior to his death, that he despised both of you and that he did not want either of you to have anything to do with his life or estate for that matter.\"The missive also accused the executors of increasing their own income from the estate, thereby robbing Jackson's three children and his elderly mother Katherine of their inheritances.The pop legend's brother Randy Jackson took to Twitter.com on Tuesday to apparently comment on the matter.\" Yes , the letter is authentic,\" he said.\"We ask that everyone respects that this is a serious matter that will be handled by the proper authorities,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15050739", "title": "Punjabi culture a part of Bollywood, says Suniel Shetty", "text": "LUDHIANA: Jaskaran, who resides at Sector 32 Chandigarh Road, is on cloud nine ever since he met Bollywood actor Suniel Shetty on Thursday. Shetty was in the city along with actors Rajpal Yadav and Shawar Ali for the promotion of an upcoming movie.\"He gave a big hug to me and his autograph too, which I will show to my friends and classmates, apart from the numerous pictures I clicked with him,\" said 12-year-old Jaskaran. Shetty said small cities like Ludhiana have become important with the presence of many multiplexes. \"People may think the movies released overseas do better business, but I think otherwise,\" said Shetty.He said Punjabi culture has become a part of Bollywood and thus, the importance of this state can not be undermined at all.Rajpal, who is known for his comic excellence, said the success of movies today does not depend on the star cast, but on the story and production quality.The actors made the most of their visit spending time at local jewellery and designer shops on Mall Road and Fountain Chowk. Before leaving the city, they enjoyed a meal at a Sarabha Nagar-based restaurant, where a cake was cut to welcome them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15053888", "title": "Samajwadi Party shielding bureaucrats and politicians in land scam?", "text": "LUCKNOW: The SP state government has contended in the supreme court that the plots allotted to senior bureaucrats and politicians in the posh Gomti nagar scheme during Mulayam Singh Yadav's regime in 2005 were valid.As many as 28 people, essentially bureaucrats and politicians were allotted plots through a direct allotment procedure by Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) in Vipul Khand-6. The entire exercise had in 2007 come under a scanner of Mayawati government which set up an enquiry under chairmanship of the then divisional commissioner Vijay Shankar Pandey.Samajwadi Party , which rose to power earlier this year, has now contended that the direct allotment was in practice since 1992. In an affidavit filed in the supreme court, the state housing department has said that between 1992 and 2005 over 17,000 plots were allotted directly. And so there was nothing new in case of Vipul Khand-2.\"It is obvious that the procedure of allotment/adjustment which were followed for the allotment in the present case was valid and in accordance with the prescribed procedure and past practice. This is not the first example of allotment by lottery/adjustment and by cash down basis,\" the affidavit filed by the state government said.The affidavit said that on the basis of information provided by the authority, it is evident that the allotment of plots in question in the year 2005 in the Gomti Nagar Yojna, Vipul Khand-6 were made on the prescribed rate for the residential plots, that is Rs 3000 per square meter. Therefore, the question of financial loss being caused in the allotment of said plots does not arise, the state government said in the affidavit.It also asked the apex court not to consider the report of the committee set up by the BSP government which had inquired into the allotment.The state government maintained that the report of the then divisional commissioner Pandey is not based on correct facts. The report, the affidavit said, is also in complete disregard to the records and also being in violation of principle of natural justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15048812", "title": "Government will reclaim encroached village lands to set up schools", "text": "NEW DELHI: As part of a major drive, the Delhi government's revenue department will step up action to free large tracts of gram sabha land from the clutches of encroachers. The reclaimed land will be allotted to the education department for setting up of schools so that the RTE Act can be implemented in its true spirit. The drive will cover all nine districts.Reeling under a shortage of schools for decades, villages like Dindarpur in Najafgarh are a telling example of how encroachments have deprived children of education, and residents of basic facilities like dispensaries and maternity homes. TOI visited Dindarpur to take a look at the ground reality.As one enters the area, a red school building with a sprawling playground can be seen on one side of Jhatikra intersection. A board hangs outside saying this government school for boys was inaugurated a fortnight ago. Once you're inside the premises, you find out that this used to be private school which came up on gram sabha land over a decade ago. A legal battle followed as the Dindarpur Gram Sudhar Samiti fought to get the land back from the encroachers. The row ended only with the intervention of the Supreme Court in 2011 when all states were directed to remove illegal constructions from gram sabha land. The revenue department issued eviction orders but when authorities failed to abide by the directive, the school was sealed and handed over to the Delhi government's education department in March.Sub-divisional magistrate (Najafgarh), Krishna Mohan Uppu, said, \"To ensure that the infrastructure is not wasted, the school was allotted to the education department. In two other such cases, gram sabha land has been allotted to schools. In one case, an ice factory was shut down to make way for a school since schools are needed to meet requirements of the RTE Act,\" Uppu said.Till the school at Jhatikra intersection was handed over to the government, children of Dindarpur had no choice but to study in a crammed school on an adjacent road. \"The new school has provided much relief. It has more than 1,000 boys on the rolls. The education department has planned a new block to accommodate more students,\" said Dindarpur Gram Sudhar Samiti member Deen Dayal. Another Samiti member Satbir Singh said that both his sons have joined the new school which is expected to cater to nearly 20 unauthorized colonies in Dindarpur.Delhi's revenue secretary and divisional commissioner Vijay Dev says that strict action will be taken to free more gram sabha land. \"The Supreme Court directive will be implemented aggressively. All nine districts have been asked to identify Gram Sabha land under encroachment and lying vacant. The reclaimed land will first be allotted for schools so that the RTE Act can be fully implemented. Health facilities are our next priority,\" Dev said. The surveys have already been completed in northwest and northeast districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15049053", "title": "Locals irked over 'illegal' Orlim project, officials inspect site", "text": "MARGAO: A site inspection was carried out at a construction project in Orlim by the town and country planning (TCP) department, water resources department and Orlim panchayat on Thursday\"Months after the stop-work order by TCP was issued, work on the project still continues even after the intervention of the South Goa district collector,\" said activist Kim Miranda. She hit out at the previous panchayat for issuing a construction license, ignoring gram sabha resolutions.The builder, however, said that he had all the permissions necessary and denied any lanfilling activity at the site. Stating that since the area was not under the Command Area Development Authority ( CADA), he said he did not need permission under Section 17A or WRD clearance.The villagers concerned and Orlim Gaum Rakhon Manch feel differently. \"The area is low-lying and receives water from the neighboring storm water drains which empty out naturally into the neighboring pond and find their way into the reservoir known as Modlache Tollem. This helps irrigate the fields and maintain the water table,\" said another activist, Shanty Fortes.The stop-work order was issued based on a public grievance held in 2010 by the senior town planner, South Goa, after hearing both parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15050333", "title": "Maruti Suzuki standoff: Gurgaon\u2019s image takes another blow", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Labour unrest in Gurgaon is not something new but Wednesday's arson and violence at Manesar's Maruti plant has triggered a debate on Haryana's claims of being one of the best investment-friendly states of the country.The millennium city has witnessed at least 5 big unrests in the last three years, which according to industry experts, have now slowly started spoiling Haryana's investment-friendly image besides causing losses in crores of rupees to the exchequer. \"If industry workers are on a warpath, indulge in violence and force a shutdown, then these things do get noticed. You may shrug off these violent incidents as one-in-a-blue-moon incident but your investment-friendly image does get hurt,\" said Vishnu Goel, vice-president , Haryana chambers of commerce and industry.\"Where else have you seen a general manager being burnt alive inside a factory? Or where else have you seen hundreds of workers being lathicharged like they were animals? Only in Gurgaon ,\" added Goel. According industry experts, Haryana has been trying and also attracting a lot of investment from abroad but such incidents might affect the flow of investments to the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15050256", "title": "'New system to keep tabs on diagnostic centres'", "text": "INDORE: Health department is soon going to tighten its noose around private hospitals and diagnostic centres that have reduced the noble profession to a business, said chief medical and health officer Dr Ashok Dagaria who assumed the charge on Thursday.Talking to ToI, Dr Dagaria appealed the people to collectively come forward to help the department solve their problems. \"We will keep a tab on hospitals and diagnostic centres that are taking people for a ride. We will act if anyone registers a complaint with the department,\" he said.Speaking about the high abortion rate in the city, Dagaria said that district administration has chalked out a comprehensive plan to minimise the malpractice. He said that collector was keen on tighten the string on sonography centres. \"A new system will soon be introduced to track each sonography conducted at centres. Health department will submit the weekly report to principal secretary health,\" he said.On Food and Safety Act, he said that food and drug administration was conducting regular drives to ensure that the food sellers get themselves registered with the department and ensure that healthy food was served to city residents.Dr Dagaria was handed over the charge by divisional joint director Dr Sharad Pandit in presence of senior health officials of the department. Dr Dagaria was previously working as principal at training centre of the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15049140", "title": "Three held for circulating fake notes", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three persons, Abdul Samad, Musharaf and Mohammed Najamula were arrested for allegedly circulating fake currency in Charminar on Thursday. Police recovered fake currency worth Rs 4 lakh from them.Charminar inspector V Sham Babu said that they three, Abdul Samad, Musharaf and Mohammed Najamula were residing in Borabanda and had developed contacts in the Old City to help circulate the currency. The contacts used the fake money to purchase articles from hawkers.\"They were arrested based on information given by a woman, Husna Bhanu, who was arrested on July 10. Clad in burqa, she used to circulate the money by purchasing petty articles from streets,'' Sham Babu said.The currency was smuggled from Bangladesh to West Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15052936", "title": "Bhavnagar varsity to organize science event for budding scientists", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Budding scientists from across the state would gather at MaharajKrishnarajsinhjiBhavnagar University ( MKBU ) for the annual 'Innovation in science for inspiring research programme '. The event will be held between July 21 and jul 25 at the university' s senate hall.Scientists from physical research laboratory, IIT-Mumbai , university of Rajasthan , IISRPune and other institutes will take part in the event. The basic objective of the programme is to inspire school children develop a liking for research and reasoning. The science event is to award research works of students who have found innovative solutions for data to day problems.AHMEDABAD: Budding scientists from across the state would gather at Maharaj Krishnarajsinhji Bhavnagar University (MKBU) for the annual 'Innovation in science for inspiring research programme'. The event will be held between July 21 and jul 25 at the university' s senate hall. Scientists from physical research laboratory, IIT-Mumbai , university of Rajasthan , IISR Pune and other institutes will take part in the event. The basic objective of the programme is to inspire school children develop a liking for research and reasoning. The science event is to award research works of students who have found innovative solutions for data to day problems.Nearly 10 schools and close to 200 participants have confirmed their parti option . The event is co-partnered by the department of science and technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049055", "title": "Police keep vigil at mosque site near Jama Masjid", "text": "NEW DELHI: The construction work at the site of a Mughal-era structure near Jama Masjid - claimed by some locals to be remains of Akbarabadi Masjid - was halted on Thursday amid increasing concern over holding of Friday prayers at the site. Though North Delhi Municipal Corporation, which took possession of the land from Delhi Metro, stated that \"no religious rituals would be allowed'', area MLA Shoaib Iqbal told TOI on Thursday night that the corporation was going back on its permission for namaaz given in the afternoon and nothing could stop them now.Notwithstanding the corporation's stand, the police seemed to be going with Iqbal's plan. It said it would make the necessary deployment to maintain law and order as it was expecting \"over one lakh\" people to turn up. Thousands of people had begun assembling at the site in preparation for the Friday namaaz, which also marks the beginning of Ramzan.In a late-night twist, the Vishwa Hindu Parishad announced that it would take out a march from Chandni Chowk to the site, claiming the walls belonged to a structure of the Pandavas. The cops seem to have their task cut out.Shoaib Iqbal had sought permission for the prayers from deputy commissioner, City Zone, in the morning. \"We have decided that no permission will be given to any group to carry out any religious rituals at the site. It is a sensitive issue,'' said Mayor Mira Aggarwal. Accordingly, additional commissioner Deepak Hastir issued an order asking the deputy commissioner, City Zone and Delhi Police, to take appropriate steps. \"The competent authority of the North Delhi Municipal Corporation has declined to grant any permission to any party to carry out any religious rituals at the site in question, till a proper decision is taken in this regard by the appropriate authority. You (DCP Central and DC City Zone) are further requested to stick to this stand and ensure that no deviation whatsoever takes place, giving any liberty to any party to take advantage of the situation,'' read the order.This, however, is unlikely to be implemented. \"We have it in writing that namaaz has been allowed and it is only political pressure which made them go back on their word. Namaaz will be offered at the site as it happened last week. No one can stop it,'' said Iqbal.The controversy also figured at a routine law and order meeting chaired by the L-G, Tejendra Khanna, which was attended by police commissioner Neeraj Kumar. The L-G is reported to have said that section 145 of the CrPC allows the divisional commissioner to take possession of any area or property where there is any controversy over its status as an interim arrangement. There was, however, no talk of any demolition. It was also decided that the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) should conduct a fresh investigation at the site and submit a report to the north corporation.A cautious Delhi Police said talks were on to avoid a law and order situation and that namaaz would be allowed. \"If any law and order problem arises, we will borrow from central paramilitary agencies and Rapid Action Force as well,\" said a senior officer. Traffic diversions were also expected.Iqbal said that they had cooperated with the authorities but religious sentiments had to be kept in mind. ``We stopped construction work but have been given permission for five-times namaaz. People have assembled here from all across the country,'' said Iqbal. Though the construction work had been officially stopped, people could be seen erecting brick walls over the excavated stone masonry wall with minarets. Overnight, a roof has come up over the structures.The commissioner of North Delhi Municipal Corporation had earlier during the day requested Delhi Police to provide protection so that the civic agency could stop the construction work. \"We had asked for police protection to stop the work after we took possession of the site on Thursday,'' said commissioner P K Gupta. The corporation is now blaming DMRC for allowing construction work to be undertaken at the site. \"The land was in possession of DMRC when the work started,'' said Mahinder Nagpal, leader of the house, North Delhi Municipal Corporation. The civic agency has barricaded the entire area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15050282", "title": "Shiv Sena corporator acquitted", "text": "PUNE: The court of additional sessions judge N P Dhote on Thursday acquitted Janardhan Parshuram Mhatre, a Shiv Sena corporator from the Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Corporation, in the Ale phata jewellery shop dacoity case, which took place on May 30, 2007.The judge sentenced gangster Deepak Waman Sapke (31) of Nashik to seven years' rigorous imprisonment. Sapke's accomplices Sunil Sambhaji Javale (39), of Talegaon Dabhade, Nagesh alias Rajesh Gopal Chavan (29) and Yakub Yasin Siddiqui (32), both from Madhya Pradesh, were sentenced to five years' RI.Mhatre, who had allegedly supplied firearms to the convicts, was acquitted due to lack of evidence.Non-bailable arrest warrants have been issued against three others, Uday Narayan Shinde, Krishna alias Jadugar Hanumant Dange and Bhalchandra Hanuman Patil in the case.According to the prosecution's case, Parasmal Gujar opened his shop, Bhairavnath Jewellers, around 9.30 am and went out for some work, leaving behind his daughter, Rekha (26), and a relative, Vijaylal Gujar. Two men entered the shop around 10.15 am, and asked for a finger ring. Soon after, three men armed with firearms entered the shop. All of them threatened and manhandled Rekha and Vijaylal before looting cash, gold and silver ornaments, worth Rs 8 lakh, from the shop.The prosecution said, Gujar rushed to a nearby police chowky and informed the police about the incident. The Pune rural control room immediately alerted all police stations and a 'nakabandi' was ordered on all roads. Three accused were caught in Ahmednagar and gold and silver ornaments weighing one kg each, Rs 80,000 in cash, two revolvers and a sword were seized from them. Later after Sapke's arrest, the police seized three firearms, cartridges and Rs 1.46 lakh in cash.Mhatre was arrested after three of the accused told the police that he had supplied the firearms.Additional public prosecutor Sunil More relied on Rekha's evidence as she had identified Sapke and three others in an identification parade and also before the court.Lawyer Milind Pawar, representing Mhatre, submitted that the statements given by the three accused to the police were not admissible in law. Pawar said there was no direct and indirect evidence to link the involvement of his client in the dacoity.Ale phata is around 100 km from here, on the Pune-Nashik road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15049142", "title": "Sufi saint Jeelani's birth anniversary celebrated", "text": "HYDERABAD: The 927th birth anniversary of Sufi saint Hazrath Syed Abdul Quadir Jeelani, popularly known Syedna Ghous-e-Azam Dastagir, was celebrated in the Old City on Thursday.Maulana Syed Kazim Pasha Quadri, a noted Sufi scholar, said that Hazrath Abdul Quadir Jeelani was the founder of the Quadaria school of Sufism. His followers are spread all over the world, especially in the Indian sub-continent. He preached the simple ways of Islam and love of God and all living things. \"Universal brotherhood and peace were the main teachings of the Hazrath,\" the Maulana said. The huge gathering of the faithful was also addressed by a number of other scholars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15048795", "title": "One-sided affair ends in kid\u2019s kidnap", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Angry at his neighbour refusing his proposal to marry him, a 25-year-old man kidnapped her two-year-old son so that he could force her to tie the know with him. The incident occurred at Surajpur in Greater Noida. Police nabbed the accused, Rohit Kumar, within three hours by tracing his cell phone to locate his whereabouts.Police said the woman, Amreen, had been married to a man in Bulandshahr. The one-sided affair had been going on from before. \"The woman recently returned with her two children after separating from her husband and Rohit thought that she would accept his proposal now. On Thursday afternoon, he entered the house when Amreen was alone with her children while the family members were at work. When she refused, he picked up her two-year-old son and ran away,\" said a cop. Half and hour later, Rohit called Amreen and said, \"Marry me, or I'll kill your son.\"DSP Alok Priyadarshi said, \"Rohit used public transportation to get to Dadri railway station as he did not own a vehicle. We stationed a team at the railway station. During his journey from Surajpur to Dadri, he didn't switch off his phone and took calls from Amreen. By around 4pm, he was arrested and the child given back to his mother. A case has been registered at the Surajpur Railway station. He will be produced in court tomorrow.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049538", "title": "Mulayam's gaffe enlivens presidential poll", "text": "NEW DELHI: The presidential poll on Thursday, which saw over 72% of MPs and MLAs casting their votes, was briefly enlivened by a gaffe by Samajwadi Party leader Mulayam Singh Yadav, who ticked a ballot in favour of Opposition nominee P A Sangma, only to tear the paper and vote for UPA's Pranab Mukherjee.The SP boss, who was among the early voters at Parliament House, first marked a vote for Sangma. Realizing his mistake, Yadav tore the ballot. His vote for Mukherjee was recorded on the second ballot, prompting Sangma's polling agent to demand cancellation of the vote.Rajya Sabha secretary general V K Agnihotri, who is the returning officer for the poll, said he had received the complaint from Sangma's side and forwarded it to the Election Commission (EC) for a decision. Sources said the ballot paper carrying the incorrect entry has been deposited with the polling officer.Although the case might be one of inadvertent error, the episode reminded how the SP leader backed Mukherjee only after giving the ruling UPA some anxious moments by briefly teaming up with Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee to propose the names of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, former Speaker Somnath Chatterjee and ex-President A P J Abdul Kalam.In a written complaint, Sangma's election agent former MP Satya Pal Jain objected to the grant of a second ballot paper to Yadav, saying he is \"not entitled to another one (ballot)\" under the law.\"Mulayam Singh marked his ballot paper in favour of Sangma and then realising his mistake tore it and requested the Returning Officer to give him another ballot paper, who issued another ballot paper to him. We have objected to the tearing of first ballot paper and objected to him being given another ballot paper, which he is not entitled to,\" Jain said.Over 90% of MPs voted at the Parliament House polling centre within three hours of beginning of the vote. This included PM Singh, UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi, Mukherjee and Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi.As many as 4,120 MLAs and 776 MPs \u2014 with a total vote value of 10.98 lakh votes \u2014 are eligible to cast their ballot in the election. The counting of votes will be taken up on Sunday at 11:00 am.At Parliament House, where 699 MPs and eight MLAs were eligible to exercise their franchise, the turnout was 96.60%. Of the 707 eligible to cast their vote in Parliament, 683 electors \u2014 675 MPs and 8 MLAs \u2014 had cast their ballots when the polling ended at 5:00 pm.Congress MP from Andhra Pradesh Bapi Raju Kanumuri was the first one to cast his vote at Parliament House. Interestingly, he entered the polling booth after taking off his shoes.Parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Kumar Bansal said that five Congress MPs, including Union Minister S M Krishna and Uttarakhand Chief Minister Vijay Bahuguna, cast their votes outside Delhi.YSR Congress chief Y S Jaganmohan Reddy, who is currently in jail, cast his vote in Andhra Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15051079", "title": "Slain student's parents to file PIL", "text": "GUWAHATI: The relatives of Pritam Bhattacharjee, a former Gauhati University student who went missing on July 9 and was later found dead in Bihar under mysterious circumstances, will file a PIL in court and submit a memorandum to the state government in the next few days.\"We are not at all happy with the ongoing investigation process. There are many questions to be answered, and till now we are only getting assurance. We are planning to file a PIL and also submit a memorandum to the state government within the next few days. The family is deeply traumatized and police are changing their statements,\" said Ananya Chakravarty, a cousin of Pritam Bhattacharjee. Bhattachrajee was on his way to Delhi to pursue his PhD at Delhi University , and was on board the Awadah Assam Express on July 8. He went missing from Naugachia railway station the next day. According to his relatives, Bhattacharjee spoke to his family about some miscreants snatching his bag containing valuable documents. He got down and gave them a chase and was able to retrieve his bag but missed the train in the process. He even had complained to a GRP official. The last call was made on 3:50 PM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15054348", "title": "Shubha's ready to debut in K-Town", "text": "There have been many models who have graced the Kollywood screens in the past few years. Joining the list will be Punjabi girl Shubha Phutela, whose first film Maalai Pozhuthin Mayakathile releases on July 27.The film is breezy urban flick, which is set one evening a Coffee Day. While it is about the events of that evening, it traces the lives of the people present at the coffee joint. Shubha is one such person at the joint. She says, \"It is a fun role, where I play a bubbly girl. I have even dubbed for my character, since the film was shot in sync sound. This makes the film extra special. Since I play a girl from Bangalore who isn't fluent in Tamil and talks with an accent , my voice and dubbing worked to my advantage.\"Shubha is paired opposite Aari in the film and the film's track Oh Baby Girl has already been a chart topper, being extremely popular on the radio stations. The actress is next slated to make her debut in Telugu, where she has begun work on her film. She's also begun shooting for her second Tamil film. Looks like she's all set to make her mark in the hearts of Kollywood fans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15050335", "title": "This Shravan, forest dept to keep Bhimashankar clean", "text": "PUNE: The state forest department has undertaken a massive cleanliness drive in the Bhimashankar Wildlife Sanctuary during the month of Shravan. As part of the drive, cleanliness sub-tax is collected from visitors, dustbins are provided for proper disposal of garbage, CCTV cameras are being installed to monitor the crowd and loud speakers are used to educate the public to keep the sanctuary free of litter. The forest department has appealed to visitors to keep the sanctuary area clean, and those found littering will be asked to pay a fine, starting Monday.More than 1.5 lakh devotees visit the temple located inside the sanctuary, the rush being heavier than usual on every Monday in the month of Shravan, considered to an auspicious day for a visit to the temple of Lord Shiva. About 10,000 vehicles travel to the temple on weekdays.An entry tax of Rs 5 is charged for two-wheelers, Rs 10 for three-wheelers, Rs 20 for light commercial vehicle and Rs 50 for heavy commercial vehicle. The tax collected by the eco-village development committee is used for cleanliness drive and conservation of wildlife.M K Rao, chief conservator of forest (wildlife), Pune, told TOI that visitors will be penalised for littering the place. \"Littering of the sanctuary area is an offence. Additional staff from the forest department is being deployed, besides local people, for monitoring the situation. Also, CCTV cameras that have been installed will help us track the violators,\" he said.He said, \"We appeal to the people to cooperate with us and keep the area clean. The area is also a foraging ground for wildlife. If the place is unclean, population of stray dogs increases posing a threat to ground birds and people.\"Recently, the gram panchayat of three villages located inside the sanctuary area passed a resolution to levy cleanliness sub-tax on the visitors for the upkeep of the area. The village eco-development committee of Bhorgiri, Kondhwa and Nigdale villages will collect the vehicle tax and use it for the cleanliness drive.\"We had several meetings with the shopkeepers, locals, trustees of the temple and vendors regarding the cleanliness drive. They have agreed to keep the area clean. We started the drive one-and-a-half months ago. Some areas are kept clean but there are other areas needing more attention and measures to maintain cleanliness,\" he said.Waste is generated from this area in a huge quantity. 120 dustbins have been distributed and placed at strategic locations. \"There is a shortage of labour at present, as people are engaged in transplanting paddy. We are hiring 20-25 additional people for collecting garbage from far off places during Shravan. The garbage will be disposed off and not dumped behind the temple premise. We are in negotiations with the Pune Municipal Corporation about the disposal,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15049327", "title": "Elephant attack case: Autopsy ascribes death to injuries, offers no details", "text": "BANGALORE: The postmortem report of Satwik Shastri, 24, who was allegedly trampled to death by an elephant during a trek in Bannerghatta forest on July 14, has thrown up more confusion,The report submitted by doctors of Anekal government hospital, where the postmortem was conducted, said Satwik died of \"shock and hemorrhage caused by multiple external injuries\", police sources said.The report makes no mention of an elephant being the cause of his death, they added.Bannerghatta police have asked the hospital for certain clarifications, and explained to doctors the circumstances leading to Satwik's death.Bangalore Rural SP and investigating officers did not respond to calls by TOI.Satwik, a senior market analyst with Mu Sigma Inc, had gone on a trek with his friends Ashish Shenoy, 24, and Anupam Manur, 24. Satwik went missing during the trek after he lingered, saying he had to attend Nature's call. Ashish and Anupam searched for Satwik before reporting the matter to police. It later turned out that Ashish had heard a rustle in the bushes, caused by the movement of elephants, raising suspicion that the trio was attacked by a herd of elephants.Satwik's trampled body was found by rescue workers in a bush near a water body on Monday.Ashish works as a business development executive with an electronic cigarette company, while Anupam is a research associate with a B-school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15053956", "title": "Activists launch school bus campaign", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai 227 flagged off its 'Make school bus strike illegal' campaign to protest against the random school strikes by the School Bus Owners Associations that have disrupted the daily schooling routine of young Mumbaikars and have inconvenienced young parents.The transport strike may be called off, but parents who have received notice of the strike are still unsure whether school buses will arrive tomorrow in time or not.The strike had been announced despite the School Bus Owners Association undertaking earlier on March 12 in response to a PIL filed that it would not call for another strike.Taking further the suggestions put forth by Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Ranjit More, Mumbai 227 has launched a campaign to include school buses in the essential services maintenance act (ESMA).Zeenat Kachwalla, working committee Member of Mumbai 227 said that \"This is the second strike in a span of six months. Even though the transport strike may have been called off, the uncertainty, inconvenience and disruption affects parents as much as it affects students. Such acts hold the city to ransom and bringing them under the purview of ESMA will impose restrictions on such disruption of services.\"An email chain, sms chain has been started by Mumbai 227 to push for the cause. The Mumbai 227 network and its support base will connect with parents to increase awareness on this issue and gather support for the cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15049752", "title": "No hassle: Railway rules permit travel on transferred ticket", "text": "LUCKNOW: You might have planned a rail journey months in advance, but have to cancel it at the last minute owing to some unavoidable circumstances. While you can't go, you could be willing to send someone else on your behalf. But, re-planning a train travel is often a spoiler. Most passengers drop the idea for getting a new reservation done.Though not many know, there's a way out. A passenger can allow other person to undertake a journey on the same ticket by seeking railway's permission. While this saves the passenger from the cancellation procedure, the person travelling on the passenger's behalf does not face the peril of travelling on an unconfirmed ticket.Though railways does not allow transfer of tickets and it's only the passenger, under whose name the ticket/berth is booked, can travel on a reserved ticket, there are circumstances where the ticket can be transferred to close family members of the passenger like parents, siblings, sons and daughters and spouses. The passenger has to request the chief reservation officer to change the name of the passenger on the ticket 24 hours before the journey time.The age-old rules of railways are meant to make train travel easier for passengers, but it's the little understanding of the rules that leaves the purpose unmet. The reservation officers at the station mention several such rules which are little known. \"At times, we tell people coming to us about these provisions,\" said a station officer. The number of passengers who avail this facility is very low, barely 5-10%.Tickets can also be transferred in case of government employees travelling on an official visit. The other employee can undertake a journey, instead of the one for whom the ticket was initially booked, provided the railway gives permission. The request has to be made 24 hours before the journey.The students of recognised colleges or educational institutions are also beneficiaries of the rule. The ticket can be transferred to the intended student, if the head of the institution writes to the concerned railway officer, 48 hours before the train journey.The same can be availed by a person who booked a ticket to attend a wedding. The person can send someone else on his behalf, if the request is made 48 hours before the train departs. Such request, however, will be considered only once.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15049181", "title": "DJS activists protest killings in Myanmar", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fundamentalist organisation Darsgah-e-Jihad-O-Shahadat (DJS) activists staged a dharna at Madina junction on Thursday to protest the killing of Muslims known as Rohingyas in Myanmar.In the protest, led by DJS president Mohammed Majid and Shaikh Khalid Saifullah, the son of late DJS president Shaikh Mahboob Ali, slogans were raised against the Myanmar government and an effigy of the Myanmar president Thein Sein was burnt.The activists demanded that the international human rights groups raise their voice against the killings of the Rohingya Muslims by the Burmese military.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15051175", "title": "State forms panel to check crime against children", "text": "RANCHI: The state government has constituted Jharkhand State Child Rights Protection Commission ( JSCRPC) to check cases of child trafficking and exploitation in the state. The commission will be headed by Rup Laksmi Munda and comprise four members.According to a notification issued by the principal secretary of state social welfare department Mridula Sinha, the commission initially will have five members. The name of two remaining members will be announced later. The panel has been constituted under the provisions of Child Rights Protection Commission Act 2005.The chairperson and members have been appointed for three years. Members of the commission are Sunit Kalyan, Ranjana Kumari, Sanjay Kumar Mishra and Sunil Kumar.Mishra, who has an experience of over two decades in the field of child rights and protection, said the initiative is going to bring about positive changes in the condition of children in distress. At the same time the commission can check trafficking of children, especially minor girls, who are taken to metropolitan cities as domestic help.\"I have been working for Association against Trafficking and Sexual Exploitation of Children and know how difficult it is to prevent trafficking. Despite all efforts of the state government, child trafficking still plagues society\" said Mishra, adding that with constitution of the commission he expects things will improve in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15051192", "title": "Bokaro docs perform rare surgery free of cost", "text": "BOKARO: A one-month-old child, who was suffering from a rare spinal problem- Spina Bifida , was operated upon by doctors of Bokaro General Hospital (BGH).Since birth, baby Avinash was unable to sleep on his back as he had a swelling on the lower back of his spinal cord. His limbs were weak and he slept on his abdomen.However, with time his problem aggravated, said B K Paul his father. Paul is a resident of Kasmar and works as a labour. To cure his baby's sufferings, he consulted local doctors who informed that Avinash was born with an abnormality that required immediate treatment and delay could worsen his condition.Paul said that it was shocking for his family because they were poor and could not meet the expenses of the treatment. On June 27, the parents brought Avinash to Bokaro Sarva Swasthya Kendra in Sector 5, from where he was referred to BGH. Later, doctors of neurosurgery department after conducting several tests on the baby confirmed it to be a case of spina bifida.A team headed by neurosurgeon Anand Kumar along with Sujit Parira, Sushil Kumar and others took up the case immediately to save the little one. The doctors found the case challenging and removed the defect after performing a two-hour long surgery, free of cost. According to the director of BGH, A K Singh, the baby is now on the road to recovery.\"In this type of disease the involved area is represented by a flattened, plate-like mass of nervous tissue with no overlying membrane. The exposure of these nerves and tissues made the baby prone to life-threatening infections,\" said the doctor.Paul looked happy while his wife was seen carrying the baby on her lap after the successful surgery. \"I am thankful to BGH who saved my child by providing free treatment to him,\" said Paul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049792", "title": "Govt looking at overhaul of water distribution system across states", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's not just groundwater regulations that the Centre is looking at changing.The UPA has proposed an overhaul in the entire water distribution regime by setting up state-level authorities that will decide price for water supply \u2014 on the lines of the Commission for Agricultural Costs and Prices (CACP) \u2014 which fixes prices that government pays for crops to farmers.The Planning Commission has advocated that such state-level authorities functioning like the CACP recommend prices for water supply based on the best available technical and economic analysis. However, the final decision on the pricing mechanism will rest with state political leadership.The panel has recommended that two separate agencies be created in a state to administer and regulate the water distribution system \u2014 one body would be a political authority and the other, a technical mechanism, which will be accountable to the former.The authorities will be entrusted with responsibilities to determine norms for access to water and decide how much of the precious natural resource can be allocated to users from state's kitty. They will be able to formulate the rules for allotment of entitlements, prioritization of water use, norms for maximum usage for various activities, norms for effluent treatment and limits on extraction from local water sources. Decisions like setting the terms for public-private partnerships in water distribution would also come under the purview of these state authorities.At the central level, plans are afoot to set up an autonomous National Irrigation Development Authority (NIDA) and a National Water Commission (NWC).NIDA will channelize resources to state-level irrigation bodies on a large scale with the explicit goal of rapidly expanding the process in the most cost-effective manner. The Centre is hoping to substantially enhance the funding it provides for irrigation projects in the 12th Five Year Plan (2012017) that will be routed via NIDA.Besides, the autonomous NWC will be tasked to keep a tab on whether states meet their targets and conditions attached to funds provided for water schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15049745", "title": "Domestic help identifies attacker", "text": "LUCKNOW: Barely 24 hours after a 67-year-old woman was killed and dacoits decamped with cash and jewellery worth lakhs of rupees, Kaiserbagh police on Thursday claimed to have nabbed one of the miscreants. The miscreant identified as Shanu alias Shahnawaz, was also later identified by the domestic help Prema, who was with the woman when the incident took place, the police further claimed. Later, Shanu during the course of investigation confessed his involvement in the crime.What was surprising was the fact that the police was only able to recover a silver fish, which they claimed was looted from the victim's house at Ghasiyaari Mandi's Cooks Compound. On other valuables, the police quoting Shaanu claimed that they were distributed among other accused Shakeel and two unidentified miscreants. Shakeel is a resident of Macchhli Mohaal.Family members had claimed that there were between 5 to 7 miscreants, while the police in the evening claimed that the domestic help told them about only four miscreants. It was based on this statement, the police lodged a case of loot and not of dacoity, sources said and added that an attempt was made by the police to play down the incident. Police had picked up at least five suspects on the basis of the sniffer dog stopping at an open space near the house of the victim. However, none of them were verified by the domestic help. The police were further investigating the case when they came across a suspect Shanu, residing in a nearby locality. The police claimed that Shanu was verified by the domestic help as the miscreant, who actually caught hold of her.The police quoting Shanu said that he along with Shakeel, a resident of Macchhli Mohaal and two others, who were strangely brought by Shakeel for the crime had barged into the deputy director's house and had pushed Kamleshwari on the bed. This has resulted in head injury to Kamleshwari who died later in the hospital.The police were only able to recover a silver fish from his possession claiming quoting Shaanu that all other valuables were taken away by Shakeel with him to be later distributed among them. According to police,Shakeel's relative Izhaar had been a close-door neighbour of Anand Srivastava till a couple of days back. Shakeel used to visit his relative's house and during his visit, he had done recce of Anand's house and had committed the crime. The police claimed that efforts are on to nab the absconding miscreants.On Wednesday between 1.30pm and 2pm, miscreants had barged into the house and had pushed 67-year-old Kamleshwari Devi on bed. The victim, mother of Anand Srivastava, who is a deputy director with statistics department in secretariat, succumbed to her injuries later at Trauma Centre.At the time of the incident, their domestic help Prema was also in the house. However, Anand was on duty and his wife Shivani Srivastava had gone to pick up his son Abhinav from St Francis' College when the incident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15049726", "title": "Power outages in state flare up public outrage", "text": "LUCKNOW: Tested of their patience by prolonged power outages for the past many days, people in some places of Uttar Pradesh finally lost their calm and went on to stage protests, often clashing with the police, much to the embarrassment of the Akhilesh Yadav government, on Thursday.While people in Kanpur and Bahraich resorted to road blockade and stone pelting on Wednesday night, scores of people blocked the Lucknow-Unnao highway on Thursday, thereby, throwing traffic completely out of gear. There were also reports of lawyers staging a strike and dharna at collectorate office on the day. Likewise in Bulandshahr, women sat on a protest and blocked Ansari Road, giving a tough time to commuters.In Kanpur, violence erupted in RPH substation in Gwaltoli locality on VIP road late Wednesday night after scores of people attacked the sub-station. People also clashed with police which resorted to lathicharge. Resident said that repeated snags in cable and transformers aggravated the power crisis in the district which was already facing a scheduled rostering of nearly eight hours.So was the case in Bahraich where people tried to set a sub-station on fire. Reports said that the district has been witnessing power outages which at times got prolonged by a day.Sitapur and Faizabad also witnessed incidents of people out burst. In fact police registered FIRs against over 200 people for indulging in violence in Faizabad. In Sitapur, people blocked the traffic in Lalbagh crossing. Some of the agitators blocked the Lucknow-Sitapur highway and pelted stones as road ways bus smashing their windows.Meanwhile in Lucknow, an emergency meeting of Talkatora Industrial Estate Industries Owners Association was held on Thursday in which the power problems faced by the industrial owners was discussed. The association said that due to shortage of power supply the industries had to suffer heavy losses.The incidents have once again exposed that there is more than yawning gap between supply and demand for power that has pushed the state into a deep power crisis. While chairman, UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL), Avanish Awasthi could not be contacted, officials in the distribution wing of corporation said that the crisis was accentuated by snags which often developed and could not be attended by the engineers for one or the other reasons. Rains contributed their bit to the lapse as engineers refrained from attending to the complaints.The situation is likely to get even more sensitive in the wake of Ramzam month which is set to begin from Friday. Not surprisingly, the corporation will not only be required to make adequate arrangement of power for the Muslim dominated districts and localities, it will also required to spruce up their man power who is alleged of being insensitive to the people.At the same time a massive revenue crunch too has been staring on the face of the corporation. UPPCL sources said that the corporation has now sought a fund to the tune of over Rs 230 crores from the state government to make additional arrangement of power during the month of Ramzan. The demand would obviously see a rise during the period. And our sources remain the same,'' said a senior official in the UPPCL.While UP's own generation has been in the range of around 4200 Mw, it depends heavily on the central pool from where it gets electricity to the tune of around 4000 Mw. The demand, as such, has already been touching a mark of 12,000 Mw. It was likely to reach 13,000 Mw during the month of Ramzan.The grim power situation also attained political over tones as Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) launched a frontal attack on Akhilesh Yadav government on Thursday. Party spokesperson, Vijay Bahadur Pathak took a dig at UP chief minister claim of providing an uninterrupted power supply during Ramzan. I think he should try that magical strategy throughout the year,'' Pathak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15049801", "title": "45 cars damaged in four months", "text": "AHMEDABAD: More than 45 cars were damaged in the western city parts in the first four months of 2012. Against these incidents, the city police managed to nab six youths, all in one case. While police cite reasons such as lack of evidence for detection, the miscreants are targeting vehicles parked outside societies at regular intervals.They rode high-speed bikes with baseball bats, wooden sticks or simple heavy stones and damaged parked cars in areas such as Vastrapur, Satellite, Naranpura and Ghatlodia - it was the profile of the rowdies who terrorized the city during April and May and took on the road for fun derived from destruction.Police officials claimed that they would intensify patrolling on city roads and would keep an eye on the miscreants roaming around till early morning. However, the incidents on Thursday busted their claim as the same group wreaked havoc on city roads for an hour and damaged 12 vehicles.So far, police have caught six youths. All of them were caught by Vastrapur police in March. \"They belonged to well-to-do families from Satellite and Vastrapur and were students of good schools and colleges. None of them confessed to their acts and instead said that police picked them up as they were present on the spot. They started fleeing when they were identified as accused and were beaten up by members of public,\" said a Vastrapur police official.Why is it difficult to get hold of the miscreants? \"Barring the Thursday case, most of the earlier incidents of vandalism took place in interiors of the city and in a matter of minutes. It is not possible for police to keep an eye on every nook and corner of the city. Moreover, the police presence is the least in early morning and thus they take advantage of the situation. The arson on Thursday, however, is an act never seen before,\" said a senior city police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049526", "title": "Scarce rains hit pharma cos' seasonal drug sales", "text": "MUMBAI: Scanty rainfall in the country over the last couple of weeks is not making only policy-makers and farmers a worried lot. It has also led to a slackening in June sales of anti-infective and respiratory medicines - therapies which traditionally show a strong double-digit growth during the monsoon season.Sales of respiratory drugs slowed down to 6%, while that of anti-infective medicines to 10.3% in a market that grew at a healthy rate of nearly 17% in June, data culled from market research firm AIOCD Awacs said.This also seemed to have a trickle-down effect on sales of pain-killers as well during the month, as the category reported a growth of nearly 12%. Analgesics and pain-killers normally report 16-17% growth during the June-July period. Sales of these therapies witnessed slow growth possibly due to fewer illnesses and infections during the month in the wake of poor rains, industry watchers pointed out.Against this, chronic therapies continued to report high growth with anti-diabetic (32.7%) and cardiac (21%) drugs. The vitamins and minerals market has grown at a little over 21% for the month. The other fast- growing segments were hormones (24%), derma (21.9%) and anti-malarials (20.8%).Says Ganesh Nayak, executive director and COO, Zydus Cadila: \"Delay in arrival of monsoons has impacted the anti-infectives segment. But with its arrival now, it will also give a positive push to the industry. Chronic segments like cardiovasculars and anti-diabetics are already doing well and with some recovery in acute segments, we may witness even higher growth in coming months. Another reason for higher growth is the aggressive strategy of multinationals, which is reflected by high growth rates of companies like Glaxo and Pfizer, and even companies like Sanofi Aventis, MSD, Novo Nordisk and Raptakos Brett are clocking high growth for that matter.\"Major companies had a healthy growth, except Cipla which grew by only 4.3% during the month. The highest growth among the top 10 companies was recorded by Macleods at 30%, followed by Zydus Cadila, GlaxoSmithKline and Sun Pharma.Since cardiovasculars and anti- diabetics have grown significantly, most top-rung companies which are among leaders in these segments recorded healthy growth rates. On the other side, acute segments like anti-infectives and analgesics have grown at a relatively low pace, which impacted growth of companies strong in these segments.Overall, the domestic pharma market grew nearly 17% for the 12-month period ended June. Experts say that it will continue to clock good growth over the next few months too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15049793", "title": "High drama marks voting for Presidential election", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Polling in the Presidential polls was not bereft of drama on Thursday as goings on within the ruling BJD gave rise to much curiosity. Suspended BJD MLA Pravat Ranjan Biswal's vote was rejected, while suspended Rajya Sabha member Pyarimohan Mohapatra kept everyone guessing on his choice for the Rashtrapati Bhavan.On May 17, CM and BJD president Naveen Patnaik had propped up P A Sangma's name to succeed Pratibha Patil , triggering a series of new equations in the country's political spectrum.However, the regional party could not ensure Sangma got the votes of all its 108 MLAs. Choudwar-Cuttack MLA Biswal, who was suspended from BJD by Naveen on June 1 along with Jatni MLA Bibhuti Balbantray and Pyari in the wake of the alleged failed coup, could not deliver his vote as he erred in folding the ballot paper. Biswal said the ballot paper, going by the election rules, should have been folded four times, but he had done it twice, resulting in the presiding officer not allowing him to vote. Senior BJD leader Damodar Rout saw a \"motive\" in this. \"Biswal is not a first-time MLA, hence motive could be attributed to his action,\" he alleged. Biswal, however, defended himself. \"It was not at all intentional. I knew the rule, but somehow I had not done the folds right,\" Biswal said.Another BJD MLA Pranab Prakash Das' vote also came under scrutiny with the Congress lodging a complaint to the presiding officer, seeking rejection of his vote on the ground that he had not kept the ballot secret.Pyari, on his part, said he voted in the Parliament, but chose not to reveal anything further. On whether he had voted for Sangma, whom Naveen was supporting, Pyari retorted: \"I had said I will go by the party decision. But was there a party decision? At least I am not aware of any.\" When pressed further, he replied: \"I voted for Biju babu!\"Some other BJD MLAs, including Anjali Behera, Sanjib Sahu and Sarada Nayak, who were removed as ministers in the aftermath of the aborted coup, and suspended MLA Bibhuti Balbantray, voted in the election. This made the party claim that Sangma would spring a surprise by triumphing over favourite Pranab Mukherjee though not many gave the former Lok Sabha Speaker much chance to win.\"BJD was the first party to announce support for Sangma. We did all that we could to strengthen his candidature. We are quite hopeful he will get elected as the President,\" Rout told TOI, after 145 of the 147-member Odisha Assembly cast the ballot in the election to the country's top most post. BJD vice-president A U Singhdeo also nurtured similar optimism, saying: \"We expect a miracle. As long as God is there, miracle is possible. Many people have voted according to their conscience.\"\"We, too, like other parties have voted in the Presidential polls,\" Naveen said after exercising his franchise here. Barring two MLAs, Adikanda Sethi (CPI) and Basudev Majhi (Congress), all other legislators in the state voted in the election. While Chhatrapur MLA Sethi abstained from voting in congruence with his party's decision, Kotpad representative Majhi reached the Assembly premises in an ambulance and was taken inside on a stretcher but he could not cast the ballot as the presiding officer did not permit anyone else to do the job on his behalf.Despite illness, two BJD members, Bijay Ranjan Singh Bariha and Parsuram Panigrahi, arrived in the polling arena on wheel chairs and exercised their voting right. All MPs from Odisha, except BJD-backed Independent Rajya Sabha member A V Swamy, voted in the Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15050774", "title": "2 moms hope for a happy Ramzan", "text": "Mangalore: It's been an agonizing 11 years for Mariyamma, 67, and Khateejumma, 50. Two mothers have never seen their sons after they were jailed in Buraiman Prison in Jeddah 11 years ago. Mariyamma's son Ayyoob Hussain, 30, and Khateejumma's son Shareef Migdad, 29, are in jail since their arrest in 2001 by the Saudi police for illegally routing and charging calls of Saudi Telecom Company (STC). The duo is still in jail as they are unable to pay more than Rs 1 crore, which the STC has demanded for their release. The mothers are pinning that this Ramzan will bring them hope. As a benevolent gesture for Ramzan this year, the Saudi government and the STC waived the penalty by 75%. So Ayyoob and Shareef need to pay Rs 2.80 lakh and Rs 28 lakh respectively for their release. \"I have offered a goat to Ullal dargah. I am sure that Allah will listen to our dua (prayers) to bring back my son, Ayyoob, who has not yet seen his 11-year-old son.. My son left home just three months after his wedding,\" Mariyamma told TOI. Khateejumma too has offered mannats at at Ullal and Ajmer. The community is planning to pool in money through Zakath (a religious practice of the rich donating for the poor) during Ramzan for the release of the two men. Mangalore taluk panchayat member Mohammed Monu and social worker Hameed Kannur have taken the lead to launch the campaign to pool in money. \"We met Union minister of state for external affairs E Ahmed Delhi. They have assured us all possible help for the early release of Ayyoob and Shareef. We also have requested the minister to release nearly 13 youths from the coastal districts who are in jail,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15050016", "title": "Shortage of manpower hampers cleanliness in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: Shortage of manpower is adding to unhygienic conditions prevailing in the city. A2Z, the Gurgaon-based company, which has been assigned the task of waste collection from households and transportation to the dumping ground in Karsara, is short of 150 helpers.A2Z deputy general manager A2Z Ajay Singh said there are around 1,200 people working with company, which comprises 800 helpers engaged in door-to-door collection. Most of the helpers have the habit of joining in winters and leaving the job in summers. \"This month, 50 new helpers have been recruited and soon this shortage will be met,\" Singh said.Clarifying about the garbage collection and treatment at solid waste management (SWM) plant at Karsara, Singh said that out of 550 mt garbage collected daily, 90 per cent is taken to the plant. As much as 150 mt is treated while the rest is dumped in the plant premises to be treated once the plant functions with full swing from July 31. Segregation has already started at the SWM plant, composting and other processes are yet to be started. A meeting will be held to discuss the treatment of garbage dumped at Kaithi, Seer Govardhan and Tengda areas.Municipal commissioner P K Pandey said that garbage is not being collected properly for many days due to lack of manpower at A2Z. About 600 mt of waste is generated in the city daily.\"Door-to-door collection of waste is the responsibility of A2Z and street sweepers of Varanasi Nagar Nigam are responsible of sweeping the streets and transporting the waste to the regional collection centres (RCCs) at 18 places in the city,\" said Pandey.At most of the places, sweepers were collecting the street swept garbage in the same dust bins where A2Z helpers store the garbage, which ultimately lead to filthy conditions in the localities. \"Direction about it had been issued to all the street sweepers and helpers,\" he added. Once the SWM plant gets fully operational, all the backlog will be completed and RCCs removed.\"Another misconception about door-to-door collection is that some people mix factory and biomedical waste with regular garbage while handing over the garbage to A2Z helpers. Many people have been fined in some areas for this act,\" Pandey added.Keeping in view the forthcoming month of Ramzan, the VNN officials say that cleanliness and sanitary conditions in the city will be improved. A seven-day drive to complete the task had already started which will get completed on Friday.\"All the street lights near mosques are under the process of repair and replacement, Eidgahs, places near the mosques and other areas will be kept clean and a special watch kept on stray animals, particularly pigs,\" Pandey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15049881", "title": "Day 2 of Combined Pre-Medical Test counselling leaves students, parents confused", "text": "KANPUR: Students and their parents were a confused lot on the day two of Combined Pre-Medical Test (CPMT) counselling held at Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College on Thursday. The reason was the seats of Kannauj Medical College, which were inscribed in the list of colleges at the time of video conferencing, were not enlisted in the prospectus given by CPMT authorities.This confusion also delayed the counselling process which was turned-off in the middle. In the evening, only 300 students from rank 351 to 650 were given opportunity to lock seats. The rest of the students from rank 651 to 1000 will lock seats on Friday.For the first time, Kannauj Medical College was also enlisted in the colleges for admissions in MBBS this year. But as the students did not find the college name in the prospectus given by CPMT, they remained a peturbed lot. At the time of seat locking, when students saw the name of Kannauj Medical College, they thought it has happened due to mistake.\"Some students questioned that why this college is appearing in the list. When I said that this is also an enlisted medical college of the state, they started consulting the list provided by CPMT. It raised a situation of confusion which was solved later when we showed the GO to the students,\" said Dr RP Sharma, CPMT counselling coordinator at GSVM.Amidst all the confusion, the counselling process got delayed. The students from rank 2001 to 3500 can get themselves registered for counselling on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049073", "title": "Financial troubles halt Sarath's dreams", "text": "NEW DELHI: Young motorbike racer Sarath Kumar's aspirations have suffered a rude jolt due to financial constraints. Sarath, who had secured a Mahindra ride to compete in the CIV Italian Championship this year, has been forced to put that on hold after failing to secure the necessary expenses for competing in the races.The Chennai rider had earlier in the season become the first Indian to achieve a podium finish in the Italian Championship with a third-place finish in Monza recently. \"Mahindra Racing is providing me with a bike to compete in the Italian Championship, but I have to take care of rest of the expenses. The expenses include about Rs. 1.5 lakh for my tickets and an additional Rs. 50,000 for food and other things. It has got increasingly difficult for me to arrange this amount,\" Sarath told TOI on Thursday after his return from Malaysia , where he was competing in the Super Series.\"The one-way train fare is about Rs. 15,000 while taxi from airport to Mahindra guest house costs about Rs. 2,500. During the race weekends, I didn't even get a hotel room and slept inside the team truck on a cot,\" he added.Sarath comes from a family of modest means and his mother Shanti is a beautician in Chennai. To support his expenses and family, the young rider had to drive taxis around Chennai.\"Apart from the travelling costs, there is the additional burden of buying the racing leather, helmet and boots which totals to Rs 2 lakh per kit. I usually require about three such kits over a season. I also have to provide about Rs. 25,000 per month for supporting my family,\" the 20-year-old said.Mahindra, on their part, believe they are extending as much support as possible. \"The contract with Sarath had stated that he had to take care of the travelling along with other supportive expenses. When I came to know about his financial troubles, we extended help but Sarath told us that he had to take care of some personal issues and we understood his problems,\" Mahindra Racing team principal Mufaddal Choonia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15049277", "title": "Budget blues swamp middle class", "text": "BANGALORE: Homemakers are running out of ways to beat inflation: there are no substitutes for milk, vegetables, fruit and petrol, the month continues to have 30 days and the household budget is just not elastic enough.As if inflation wasn't bad enough, sparse rain has ensured that the aam aurat has to shell out a lot more on her visits to the grocery and vegetable store, and that for products of inferior quality. She also walks the distance to save on fuel.Left with no other option, Bangaloreans have cut down drastically on the expendables, like entertainment and eating out. Even this is not helping, they say. The condition could only aggravate if good rain continues to elude the city in particular, and state in general.\"Less rainfall has led to a reduced yield of water in most districts. Borewells have gone dry and vegetable production in the state has come down by 60% this year,\" said SV Hittalmani, additional director, department of horticulture, Bangalore.\"The middle class is struggling to manage its monthly budget because of inflation. There is a price rise in all sectors, and people are forced to look for bargains wherever possible -- groceries, vegetables, medicines or essentials. Travel and entertainment expenses are also being trimmed. It is the poor, middle class and retired people who are worst hit. Whatever is earned is just enough to meet expenses and people are unable to save much,\" said city-based financial adviser Srivathsala KN.TOI spoke to five homemakers on the escalating prices, and asked where they are cutting corners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "15050412", "title": "Tension in Ahmedgarh following youth's murder", "text": "SANGRUR: Tension prevailed in Ahmedgarh town of Sangrur district on Thursday following the murder of a youth belonging to a minority community.Members of the minority community damaged shops and raised slogans in Ahmedgarh town after they came to know about the murder of Mohammad Yamin, 32, allegedly by former councilor Jaswinder Singh.A scuffle had broken out between Singh and Yamin, residing near old tehsil, on Thursday forenoon over the cleaning of a sewer line in the street leading to Jaswinder's house.Jaswinder, along with his brother Amrit Singh and father Sher Singh, allegedly took out a gun from his house and fired in the face of Yameen. Yameen was declared brought dead at the local hospital while his neighbour Shiv Kumar suffered splinter injuries.Soon, dozens of people, mainly members of minority community, assembled in the town and damaged Jaswinder' house and shop in the town. Later, shopkeepers downed shutters to protest the incident.In view of the tense situation, Sangrur SSP Harcharan Singh Bhullar reached the spot with heavy police force and had a tough time pacifying the agitators.\"Police are on the look out for the accused, who have been booked under murder charges and under Arms Act. Two teams have been formed to nab the culprits,\" Bhullar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kharagpur", "code": "15049903", "title": "Engineer gheraoed for 'hitting' SER worker", "text": "KHARAGPUR: There was a ruckus at the diesel locomotive shed in Kharagpur on Thursday after the senior divisional mechanical engineer, diesel [SrDME(D)], allegedly struck an office bearer of the South Eastern Railway Men's Union (SERMU) when he led a delegation to complain against a faulty card punching machine. Nearly 600 agitated SERMU members gheraoed the engineer SrDME(D) and he after the incident till he was 'rescued' by police. While South Eastern Railway (SER) has started an inquiry, the officer denied having hit that he struck the union leader.In the morning, Sukanta Mullick, an SERMU secretary, went to SrDME(D) Rajnish Singh and complained that the salaries of nearly 120 workers of the diesel locomotive shed had been deducted though they had turned up for work on time. He claimed that the card punching machine which records the entry and exit times of workers was malfunctioning. Singh, however, maintained that there was nothing wrong with the machine.\"There were many who vouched that the workers had turned up on time, but Singh wouldn't believe that the machine was faulty. the officer claimed that we had paid them to give such statements. There was an altercation after which he pushed me and I fell, hurting my head,\" Mullick said. Soon, nearly 600 workers turned up at the shed and gheraoed Singh. The police was informed and the officer was taken away to the Kharagpur (Town) police station.\"I didn't push anybody. There were some mischievous elements in the group who were throwing nuts and bolts at us when we were discussing the issue. I was not injured as I was wearing a hard hat but the union leader was hit in the head by one such 'missile'. I had no role to play in all this,\" Singh said.R K Kulshreshta, divisional railway manager, Kharagpur, met SERMU leaders and assured them of an inquiry. \"I have received a complaint and have informed the headquarters in Kolkata. A inquiry will be conducted,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049806", "title": "India to roll out red carpet for Myanmar general", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will roll out the red carpet for a top military general from Myanmar during his forthcoming visit to India next month in line with the overall policy to ensure China does not manage to outflank New Delhi once again in the region.General Min Aung Hlaing, the commander-in-chief of the armed forces in Myanmar, will be in India from August 1 to 8. He is scheduled to meet defence minister A K Antony and the three Service chiefs \u2014 Admiral Nirmal Verma, Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne and General Bikram Singh - in New Delhi on August 3.Apart from visiting Buddhist sites in Bodhgaya, the Myanmarese general will also be hosted at the Eastern Army Command at Kolkata, Eastern Naval Command at Visakhapatnam and other defence establishments during the visit.The visit comes soon after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh went to Naypyitaw towards end-May, the first such visit by an Indian PM to Myanmar in 25 years. While a dozen bilateral MoUs were inked, the PM also met Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi during his three-day visit to the country that is undergoing a phase of transition from total military control to some sort of political reforms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "deoghar", "code": "15051177", "title": "Devotees lashed at Deoghar temple in name of crowd mgmt", "text": "Deoghar: Almost all devotees, excluding VIPs, were beaten up with bamboo sticks at Baidyanath Dham shrine in the name of crowd management. Over 500 police personnel have been deployed at the shrine with sticks to manage the crowd. Unlike the Amarnath shrine situated atop a mountain at a height of 3,888 metres, the Baidyanath shrine is located on the plains -- but offering prayers here is no less daunting.The Deoghar district administration has armed hundreds of cops, deployed inside the shrine, with bamboo sticks. Even the slightest of aberrations by devotees standing in serpentine queues invite the use of canes. The police personnel using the canes don't think twice before they charge on devotees.\"It is impossible to stand straight in any queue if you have to stand for 10 hours non-stop. It is nothing but brutal,\" said 45-year-old Kundan Mahto, a kanwariya from Jamshedpur. A group of four policemen are deployed inside the sanctum of Lord Shiva just to cane the devotees.As they trek 105 km on foot without proper sleep and food most of the kanwariyas suffer from severe blisters on their feet besides other injuries, not to speak of acute bodyache. The caning by police only makes things worse for them. Not without reason, the first thing that kanwariyas completing their rituals at the shrine is buy painkillers.In fact, pain killers are in extremely high demand at the 24 health camps set up by the district administration besides over 100 health camps set up by various NGOs and political parties. Deepak Kumar Sinha, in-charge of the health camps, said, \"No other medicine is as high in demand as painkillers.\"The worst sufferers are dak bums (kanwariyas who run all the way from Basukinath ). Unlike the general kanwariyas (who trek), dak bums run from Sultanganj to Deoghar, a 105-km stretch, without food or water. A whopping 99% of the dak bums (always clad in white clothes) suffer blisters and injuries on their feet as they complete the journey in 12 to 15 hours.\"Caning gives a burning sensation feel and causes a lot of pain because the body is usually warm and also drenched in sweat and rain. But I am ready to suffer everything in the name of God, Bol Bum,\" Uprendra Kumar Yadav, a dak bum from Samastipur district of village told TOI outside the Baidyanath Dham temple.The inhuman scene has hundreds of kanwariyas throw the holy water which they carry from Sultanganj outside the Lord Shiva sanctum here. \"I will die if I receive such caning,\" said Mitilesh Kumar, a kanwariya.The mistreatment causes panic among the devotees. Devotee frequently run to the 21 announcement booths that the administration has set up to make panic calls.\"Aaare Vivek bum! (kanwariyas are called bums) bhut bechhaini ho rahi hai. Man ghabra raha hai. Mere ko hospital le chalo. Jaha bhi ho aa jaao (Vivek I am restless and anxious. Please come here and take me to hospital),\" an elderly woman, Lakshmi Devi cried at one of the announcement booths inside the shrine on Monday.DRPO Jawahar Kumar, whi is in-charge of the announcement booths, said: \"More than 3,000 people make calls from these 21 booths daily.\" Panda Dharma Rakshini Sabha (PDRS) general secretary Durbav Mishra alias Kaliya Panda is aware of the inhumane treatment. \"The devotees should consider this as a blessing,\" he said.The belief is that the more pain one suffers here the more blessed he/she becomes, said a priest.Deoghar SP Subodh Prasad expresses his helplessness. \"The administration has paid utmost care and only sensitive police personnel have been deployed inside the shrine. Only mild caning is used to maintain discipline,\" Prasad said.A senior priest and PDRS member Shiv Shankar Panda has a good suggestion. \"Instead of sticks the cops should use clothes to manage the crowd. It will be less harsh,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15050646", "title": "Gold heist: Shop staff on cop radar", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after six robbers injured three employees and a customer at a jewellery showroom in Amba Bari and robbed jewellery items worth lakhs, the police are looking into the possibility of some insider's involvement. The police are also stuck by the lack of evidence left behind by the \"skilled\" robbers. The robbers had gone to the extent of forcing the employees to open the safe so that fingerprints are not left behind. The police feel that the robbers had planned the heist quite skillfully as they injected the victims with sedatives which are not the conventional way of robbery by hardcore criminals. The police claimed that the total value of the items robbed is about Rs 40-45 lakh. The incident took place at 3 pm when two armed robbers barged into Ambika Jewellers. Minutes after entering the shop, the duo had covered their faces with masks and were joined by four others.They then overpowered the staff and a customer sitting inside the shop with knives and countrymade pistols. The assailants also injected sedatives to Preeti (25), the owner's daughter, and Amardeep alais Montu (26), and Shubhkaran (40), police said. \"The CCTV footages are of no help as Preeti had closed the camera hours before the incident on suggestions of Montu. The statement of Montu has not properly recorded as he is still undergoing treatment,\" said DCP, west Mahendra Singh.He added that on the basis of investigation conducted so far, the possibility of some insider's involvement is not being ruled out.\"The use of sedative in a broad-day light robbery is strange. It is rarely heard. It is one of the focus of our investigation,\" said the officer.Before injecting the sedatives, the robbers also slashed wrists, shoulders and abdominal areas of the shop employees. Later, along with two others, who were keeping guard outside the shop, all the six robbers fled from the scene along with silver and gold jewellery.The police also tried to record the statement of nearby shopkeepers. \"Nobody has come forward to help us in the probe. Either they are feigning ignorance or had actually not seen anything,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15050061", "title": "Congress workers stone Ramdev's motorcade in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: Yoga guru Baba Ramdev escaped unhurt after a group of Congress workers stoned his motorcade, burnt his effigy, pulled down his hoardings and waved black flags at him while he was on his way to a attend a programme in Bhopal's Ayodhya Bypass area on Thursday.The attack came a day after state Congress leader Manak Agarwal has threatened to \"beat him up if he comes to Bhopal\" for his reported comments against Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh and his family. Agarwal had called Ramdev \"insane\" for dressing up like a woman to escape from New Delhi's Ram Lila Maidan last year. \"After his comments against our leader, we will not spare him. He is the greatest cheat in the country,\" he had told reporters.Ramdev condemned the attack as \"height of hooliganism\" and said there is no place for violence in a democracy. \"Congress president Sonia Gandhi should teach her party workers to shun violence and learn to protest as constitutionally permitted in this country,\" said Ramdev, who is scheduled to lead an agitation against black money in New Delhi next month.The yoga guru clarified that he had said that Singh had suffered politically because of his \"unnecessary statements\" and advised him to avoid such things \"for his healthy and happy future\". He said he sympathizes with Singh for the way he speaks and analyses situations. \"I had only said that whoever sins in this world will be punished here.\"A sub-inspector was injured while the police were trying to quell the slogan-shouting attackers.Ramdev's supporters later protested outside Bhopal's Piplani police station demanding that his attackers be booked for attempt to murder. The police have registered a case of rioting against 80 people.Congress workers had ransacked shops selling the yoga guru's herbal medicines in Bhopal on Wednesday. They threw shoes at Ramdev's pictures and threatened to beat him up.Earlier, Ramdev's supporters were forced to shift his yoga programme to a private educational institute after BHEL refused to allow him to hold it in its cultural hall in Bhopal. BHEL sources said the booking was cancelled after Ramdev's supporters pasted his August 9 agitation's posters against black money over the hall's walls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15053528", "title": "'Do not celebrate my birthday,' says Ajit Pawar", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar has warned his partymen and supporters not to put up hoardings to wish him on his birthday.He has also warned his loyalists not to indulge in any kind of pomp and show. Pawar said instead his followers could provide fodder to animals, hold awareness camps against female foeticide.\"The rains have played truant and there is a drought like situation in the state besides recently Mantralaya was destroyed in a massive fire. Under such circimstances I have decided not to celebrate my birthday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049523", "title": "RIL pulls out of two Kurdistan oil blocks, sells 80% stake to Chevron", "text": "MUMBAI: In a bid to rationalize its portfolio of international assets, Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries (RIL) on Thursday exited from two oil blocks in Kurdistan by selling 80% stakes in the blocks to US-based Chevron, leaving the company with just eight conventional exploration and production blocks overseas.Early this year, the company exited from its only oil block in East Timor and last year it exited from two oil blocks in Oman .\"Reliance Exploration and Production DMCC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of RIL, has completed the transaction for divestment of its 80% working interest and operatorship in the production sharing contracts for the Rovi and Sarta blocks in the Kurdistan region to subsidiaries of Chevron Corporation ,\" RIL said in a statement on Thursday evening without disclosing the deal size, which is believed to be around $200 million.The blocks are located north of Erbil and cover a combined area of approximately 490 square miles, or 1,124 sq km, and are expected to hold a billion barrels of oil reserves. In 2007, RIL paid a signing amount of about $17 million to the autonomous Kurdish Regional Government (KRG) to acquire the two blocks.RIL partner OMV will continue to maintain its 20% interest in each of the two blocks through its subsidiaries OMV Rovi and OMV Sarta. Reliance's exit from the blocks is in line with its portfolio rationalization strategy of international assets and to create value for the E&P; segment. Reliance will continue to look for opportunities to invest globally, the RIL statement added.In a statement, Chevron said its subsidiaries have completed a transaction to acquire interests in two blocks, making it the second US oil firm to enter Kurdistan after Exxon Mobil .After the exit from Kurdistan, RIL now is left with a portfolio of 8 overseas oil and gas assets including three in Yemen , two each in Peru and Colombia and one in Australia.When it signed the agreement for Rovi and Sarta with KRG, RIL faced being blacklisted by the Iraqi government, which said the award of blocks was not approved by it and RIL was not qualified for participation in bidding rounds for lucrative oil fields by Iraq .RIL shares gained 1.73% to close at Rs 727.75 in a stable Mumbai market on Thursday, a day ahead of its June quarter results. The company is expected to report about 20% drop in its quarterly profits due to lower petrochemical and refinery margins and lower gas sales.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15050031", "title": "Baba Ramdev's convoy stoned on way to a yoga programme", "text": "BHOPAL: Less than three weeks before his scheduled agitation against black money in New Delhi, yoga guru Baba Ramdev's convoy and procession was attacked allegedly by a crowd of Congress workers in Bhopal on Thursday afternoon.The group of miscreants targeted Baba Ramdev's car and threw stones at random while raising slogans against him. They burnt his effigy, pulled down his hoardings and waved black flags while a large contingent of the police used force to disperse the demonstrators. A police sub-inspector was grievously injured in the stone pelting.The assault on Ramdev cavalcade came exactly a day after Congress workers of the AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh faction allegedly ransacked shops here in the Madhya Pradesh capital that sold the yoga guru's herbal medicines. Wednesday's vandalism was the result of certain comments made by Ramdev about Digvijay Singh and his family life. While vandalising the shops and beating Baba Ramdev's pictures with shoes, the state Congress had threatened that they would beat-up the yoga guru if he landed in Bhopal.On Wednesday, the state Congress media cell chairman Manak Agarwal had told reporters: \"Baba Ramdev has gone insane after he dressed like a woman and escaped from Ram Lila Maidan. After his comments on our leader, we will not spare him. He is the greatest cheat in the country and we will beat him up if he comes here.''Less than 24 hours after Agarwal's statement, the yoga guru's convoy was attacked when he was on his way to a yoga programme in Ayodhya Bypass area. Speaking to the media Baba Ramdev said: \"Congress president Sonia Gandhi should teach her party workers to shun the path of violence and learn to protest as constitutionally permitted in this country.'' The yoga guru claimed that the Congress was organising the attacks on him. Explaining his recent comment on former chief minister and senior Congress leader Digvijay Singh, Ramdev added, \"I sympathise and pity Digvijay Singh for the way he speaks and analyses situations. I had only said that whoever sins in this world will be punished here itself.''Soon after the assault on his convoy, Ramdev's supporters sat in protest outside the Piplani police station demanding that the culprits be booked in a case of attempt to murder. The city police had registered a case of rioting against 80 persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15049968", "title": "Madurai Kamaraj University students protest after clean-up at hostel", "text": "MADURAI: At least 300 research scholars of the Madurai Kamaraj University (MKU), who were allegedly asked by the vice-chancellor to vacate their hostel rooms for staying more than five years, staged a demonstration inside the campus on Thursday, protesting the VC's decision.\"The VC directly entered the rooms of many women research scholars and asked them to vacate immediately. The same thing happened to the students at the two men's hostels. It is unjustifiable. Where will the students go?\" asked S Krishnaswamy, acting president of the Madurai Kamaraj University Faculty Association (MUFA).However, talking to The Times of India from Chennai, vice-chancellor of MKU, Kalyani Mathivannan said the action was taken after she realised that some hostel rooms were occupied by university staff for almost 10 years.\"Some technical staff and professors have occupied about 10 rooms in the men's hostel block for 10 years. Even in the case of research scholars, they stay well beyond eight or 10 years rather than the prescribed five years. I told them to vacate the rooms, which are illegally occupied by them. If a research scholar occupies a room for more than five years citing various reasons, where will I accommodate the new students?\" asked Kalyani.She also charged that the professors and technical staff, who have been irritated by her action, are making students a tool to show their anger towards her. Krishnaswamy, however, claimed there was a 'business' motive behind VC's sudden decision. \"The VC has introduced some new courses in MKU with some business motive. She wants find space for that. Since there was no other option, she turned towards the poor research scholars,\" he said.But Kalyani denied his claim saying that the new courses were introduced as part of the university's curriculum rule. \"We have started two new five-year courses. One is tourism and management and the other is on film and electronic media. Both are residential courses. So we need space. I don't regret asking those illegally staying in the hotels to vacate. I stick to my decision. I will not tolerate any indiscipline in the campus,\" she said.Overstaying by research scholars is not new, according to a lecturer, who didn't want to be named. \"In many cases, they (research scholars) won't be able to finish their thesis in the stipulated five years. It might take more time. So they have to stay back. But at the same time, the management has to find space for the new-comers,\" he said, admitting that some rooms in the men's hostels were being used by technical staff and others for long.Late on Thursday night, the district administration officials and police were seen trying to solve the issue and pacify the students. \"The RDO and tahsildar have been negotiating with the agitating students in the campus. Since the VC is away in Chennai, we have asked the students to return and come back to my office to represent their grievances on Friday,\" said Anshul Mishra, Madurai district collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15050553", "title": "Treasure trove", "text": "It was on a posting to Africa in the 1970s that G Ram Mohan got interested in gem stones and picked up his first bag of amethyst and quartz. From then, wherever he went on holiday or work, Mohan tried to add to his collection. Today, the 74-year-old retired engineer has around 300 different gem stones and minerals of all shapes and sizes, colours and cuts, wrapped in tissue and labelled with care.\"I collected a lot of stones from Gujarat as it was the hub of gem cutting and export,\" says Mohan. He has stored the navaratnas - ruby, pearl, coral, emerald, yellow and blue sapphire, diamond, hessonite and cat's eye - in a box. He also has moonstones, garnet, topaz, tiger's eye, malachite, jade, amber, opal, amethyst, lapis lazuli, hematite and alexandrite. Once he gets a stone or mineral, Mohan studies it - where it is found, its uses, strong and weak points and cultural value. Like the black jet, which he picked up on a visit to mines in Yorkshire, UK. \"Jet is also a derivative of carbon, like the diamond, and is considered a gemstone,\" he says. He then shows off burnt yellow amber beads. \"It is so light that it floats in salt water, which is the test of its purity,\" he says.Mohan's collection contains both uncut and polished versions of the same stone. \"The uncut stones are sometimes more difficult to find,\" he says, Mohan also keeps little instru ments -- a little army knife, metal scale, tweezers and magnifying glass. \"Some stones are so tiny that I handle them with tweezers,\" he says. While most stones are from mines and museums, others are from home. \"The rubies are from my wife's jewellery,\" says Mohan. \"She was planning to change the design and let me keep a few of the rubies.\"(This is a weekly series that features people who collect odds and ends, from stamps and coins to racing cars and rocks)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15049598", "title": "Playing with fire", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It turned out to be a rude awakening for several bike and scooter owners on Thursday. No less than 11 two-wheelers were set ablaze by some unidentified rowdies in the wee hours.Residents of Sola, Vastrapur and Ghatlodia woke to eerie sights of bikes and scooters burning bright. Police believe that a group of rowdies had gone around the western city parts early in the morning and set ablaze the vehicles, charring them to ashes.Police suspect it to be a handiwork of the same gang earlier involved in damaging parked cars. Cases have been registered in four city police stations - Sola, Vastrapur, Ghatlodia and Gujarat University.Sola police officials said they had received a complaint of damage to vehicle at 5.30 am on Thursday. When the officials rushed to Sola flyover near Fern Hotel, they found a bike set on fire. Soon, the complaints started pouring in. Sola reported four cases of vehicle damage.Sola police station inspector J M Bharwad told TOI that the same gang is suspected to be involved in all the cases. \"We are yet to find any eye-witness who can throw light on what happened during early morning, but evidences suggest that five to six bikers came on the spot and started fire. Forensic science experts said that the fire started from seat and then spread in the fuel tank. We suspect that the fuel tube carrying petrol to the engine might have been broken,\" he said.The miscreants started from SG Highway and then moved into the city, said police investigators. What started from Sola then moved to Vijay crossroads, took turn to Ghatlodia and then went towards Commerce six roads. The group then drove towards Vastrapur lake where the latest incidents were reported around 5.30 am. Cops believe that all the incidents took place between 4.30 am and 5.30 am.Ghatlodia police reported two incidents, Vastrapur three and Gujarat University two. In almost all cases, Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services officials rushed to the spot and doused flames. Police are yet to identify three of the bikes' owners.V Chandrasekhar, deputy commissioner of police, Zone I, told TOI that so far they have not got any leads in the incident. \"We suspect the involvement of youngsters and have asked the police officials to intensify the efforts to nab the accused involved. We've also started the process of getting CCTV footages from nearby establishments that can help us know what had happened and how it had happened,\" he said.Senior officials visited all the spots with forensic science experts and also talked to nearby residents to know owners of the vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053671", "title": "Amala takes an American holiday", "text": "The actress is busy with films in Tollywood and Kollywood. But she also managed to catch up on a much-needed holiday.She recently performed in Dubai for the SIIMA Awards and had taken her mom and aunt for company. So while she worked her family got a mini-holiday. Now it looks like she has taken a longer family holiday in the US.The actress told media recently that she wanted to give her parents a US trip and thus they all took for two weeks. While she was in the US, she was also felicitated by the Tamilians there. Apparently, the actress had a wonderful time catching up with relatives and travelling all over the country. And while she was there she decided to get a funky new haircut.The actress has currently signed on an ad for a soap brand and will be shooting in Austria for it. Looks like the travekls never stop for this talented actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049441", "title": "Committee raises concerns about Jaitapur nuclear plant", "text": "NEW DELHI: A national committee of political parties said on Thursday that the location of six reactors in Maharashtra's Jaitapur raises the risk of an accident substantially.After a meeting in Delhi, the National Committee in Solidarity with Jaitapur Struggle issued a statement saying, \"It is not clear how the issues of spent fuel storage are being addressed in Jaitapur considering the kind of risks that are now clear after Fukushima.\"Prakash Karat (CPM), A B Bardhan and D Raja (CPI), Ramvilas Paswan &amp; Abdul Khaliq (LJP), Venugopal Reddy (TDP), Danish Ali (JD(S) and Vivek Monterio (CITU) attended the meeting.There is not one plant of this design that has yet been commissioned in the world, with plants in Okilkuoto and Flamanville running into serious problems, both in their construction and regulatory issues, the committee observed.\"The reactors being purchased from Areva company in France are of untested technology and are exorbitantly expensive. So far the actual price and details of the agreement between Areva and the NPCIL have not been made public. The cost per unit of electricity of such a plant will be 3-4 times that of equivalent coal-fired plants,\" the statement said.The committee also noted that time-bound conditions imposed on NPCIL in the Environmental Clearance granted to the project in November 2010 are already being flouted.The committee will write to the prime minister and environment and forests minister about their concerns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15053151", "title": "Ailing elephant Arjun dies at Guruvayur", "text": "THRISSUR: Twenty-one-year-old elephant Arjun, owned by Guruvayur Devaswom Board, died at the Devaswom's Punnathur Kotta, the elephant sanctuary at Guruvayur near Thrissur on Friday morning.Arjun had collapsed on Wednesday after failing to recover from injuries caused due to wrath of his two mahouts, when he was under musth about three months back. Following the wrath, he suffered a fracture, which came to light only when the carpel bone came out on July 7.Though was the tusker under medication ever since the injuries were noticed, the wound remained unhealed. On July 16, the tusker underwent major surgery, but there no major response to the treatment.The death caused due to traumatic degenerative suppurative osteoarthritis , said veterinary experts. \"The elephant died due to toxaemia or due to infected injuries, if said in simple words. The allopathic treatment started only this week, even though the tusker was injured three months back. The authorities were following Ayurveda methods till last week,\" said Dr Giridas, a veterinary surgeon and an elephant expert.Veterinary experts last week had said that the condition of Arjun was very serious, as his leg got swollen due to pus. There were also some differences of opinion among the veterinary doctors and devaswom authorities on the treatment method to be followed, said Devaswom sources.The elephant will be cremated in the Walayar forests after a post-mortem that will be held at Punnathur Kotta today evening, said sources from the Guruvayur Devaswom Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15051018", "title": "Somaiya: Funds to Bhujbal Foundation were kickbacks", "text": "Nashik: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) national secretary Kirat Somaiya on Thursday alleged that funds given to the Chhagan Bhujbal Public Welfare Foundation by Larsen and Toubro and Ashoka Buildcon were actually kickbacks for contracts awarded to the companies for road widening project in the Gonde-Pimpalgaon section of Mumbai-Agra highway.Speaking to media persons at Nashik, the former MP displayed the reports he received from the Saraswat Cooperative Bank linking the funds received from the two companies on at least three occasions since February 13, 2010.\"There are many, but at present we have these records. More instances have to be established showing that the two companies gave Rs 10 lakh and Rs 25 lakh on various occasions to the foundation floated by Chhagan Bhujbal and his friends, relatives and the employees of their various companies,\" Somaiya alleged.The account, identified as CA-PUB/1655, has allegedly received the money on 13 February 2010, Feb 1, 2011 and 8 February 2011. The BJP leaders linked the funds received as gifts for granting the construction of the flyover in Nashik city.Speaking on the CAG that expressed surprise that the government had not taken any action other than issuing notice to Mumbai Education Trust (MET), Nashik, which had been given 91,300 sq m of land in Govardhane village after changing the purpose of reservation, Somaiya charged that Bhujbal had created a huge land bank in Nashik. \"Bhujbal has created a land bank of 5 crore square feet in Nashik district,\" Somaiya alleged.Meanwhile, an official communique from Chhagan Bhujbal, district guardian minister and public works minister, has denied receiving any such kickbacks from the companies. The communique said that BJP was on a misinformation drive against Bhujbal and that the companies were free to give some part of their share to non-government organizations as part of their corporate social responsibility (CSR) activity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15048921", "title": "4 held for robbing factory owner", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four people, including a juvenile, were arrested for allegedly robbing a factory owner after tying him and his servant in Wazirpur industrial area three days ago, police said.The arrest came after the accused, including the juvenile, were identified from CCTV footage installed at a nearby factory. \"Police apprehended the juvenile from Delhi gate on Tuesday when he was trying to surrender before the Juvenile Justice board,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15050283", "title": "Declining child sex ratio in state alarms Unicef", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The declining child sex ratio in Kerala has caught the attention of Unicef and it has suggested conducting a survey on child population with a new mapping technology.Though Kerala touts a sex ratio of 52:48 (female to male), the decline in child sex ratio in both 2001 and 2011 Census from 963 to 959 girls for every 1000 boys in the 0-6 years age group, had prompted Unicef to sit up and take notice, said Social Welfare Department (SWD) officials.The 2011 Census indicates Kerala has 16.95 lakh male children as against 16.26 lakh females in the 0-6 age-group. It also shows a declining trend in child sex ratio in all 14 districts in the state. However, the health department says child sex ratio has dropped only in nine districts in the last ten years.\"This variation in survey and the decline in child sex ratio with more number of boys than girls in most of the districts have alerted Unicef, and it has developed a mapping technology tool for an effective survey to avert skewed results,\" SWD director M S Jaya told TOI on Tuesday.In the last one week, Unicef officials have trained a group of 30 personnel drawn from various departments including health, education and social welfare. The first group, which has been trained in data collection and survey methods using Unicef's new software, will train the next group, Jaya said. That would ensure there is adequate trained staff to conduct the survey and prevent overlapping, she added.Child sex ratio has been declining because of the increasing rate of female feticide flouting rules, say SWD officials. If Unicef survey proves that there is a decline in the number of female children in the state, then stringent measures will be taken to check female foeticide in the state, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kasara (maharashtra)", "code": "15054124", "title": "Train collision: 12 trains cancelled, many diverted", "text": "KASARA (MAHARASHTRA): Rail traffic was disrupted on the Kalyan-Kasara section of the Central Railway on Thursday with 12 trains cancelled and over a dozen others diverted after the Vidharbha Express collided with derailed bogies of a local train leaving one person dead and 13 injured.Even as the restoration work on the affected track was on, six long distance trains have been cancelled, nine trains have been short-terminated while over a dozen have been diverted on alternate routes, a railway spokesman said.Six suburban train services between Chhattrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) and Kasara have also been cancelled besides local train services on the Asangaon-Kasara section, causing inconvenience to a lot of daily commuters on the route.One person was killed, four were injured seriously, and nine sustained minor injuries when Mumbai-Gondia Vidarbha Express collided with derailed bogies of a local train between Kasara and Umbermali last night.The deceased has been identified as - Shakeela Quereshi (65), a resident of Titwala in Thane district, an official release issued by the Central Railway (CR) said.Railway minister Mukul Roy has announced an ex-gratia of Rs 5 lakh to the kin of the dead, Rs one lakh each to the grievously injured and Rs 25,000 each to those who sustained simple injuries.Railways have also said that the expenses of those taking treatment at private hospitals would be borne by the department.The cause of the accident is under investigation, Commissioner Railway Safety, Central Circle, Chetan Bakshi said at the accident site.Earlier, CR general manager Subodh Jain said that the route affected due to the collision will be fully restored by Saturday morning.\"We will open one of the two lines by Friday mid-night and the second one by Saturday morning,\" Jain said at the accident site.According to Jain, the mishap occurred after the loco pilot of Vidarbha Express applied emergency brakes on spotting the derailed local train on the the tracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15050591", "title": "Many colleges to give Teej celebration a miss", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The monsoon festival of Teej will not shower cheer on many city colleges on July 22. For, this time, after a gap of five years, it falls in July - when most of the institutes are holding admissions and are yet to start the new session -- rather than August. Usually, institutes celebrate the festival to welcome freshers and give them an opportunity to meet their college-mates.While some colleges are yet to decide whether to celebrate it, others have postponed the festivities. \"The new session has just begun, so we haven't yet planned anything,\" said Achla Dogra, principal of Government College for Girls, Sector 11. \"We are yet to fix a date for the celebration,\" said Meena Prabhakar, principal of SD college, Sector 32.\"We will celebrate Teej, but a little later as the new session has just kicked off,\" said Dr Nirupa Marwaha, vice-principal of Home Science College, Sector 10.This, however, has left students disappointed. \"I was eagerly waiting for my college to re-open and hold the session's first get-together party on Teej. But as it might not organize a Teej celebration this time, my friends and I are a bit saddened,\" said Jasleen Bhatia, a third-year student of SD college, Sector 32. \"The college's decision to not celebrate it has depressed us, as it is the only festival that I like to celebrate on the campus,\" said Chitra Gupta, a second-year student of GCG-42. \"Last year, we had much fun during the festival. There were many food stalls and we danced and enjoyed swinging,\" said Jyoti Singh, a first-year student of GCG -11. There are some students who will anyway make the most of the fest. \"My college might not celebrate Teej, but we will hold a grand party at home,\" smiled Shivani Sharma, a first-year student of MCM college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15053539", "title": "Steve Jobs designed iPad nearly a decade before debut", "text": "LONDON: Apple co-founder Steve Jobs had completed a prototype design of the iPad almost a decade ago in 2002.The website, iOnApple, has given a comprehensive run-down of the iPad's formation which quotes Jobs at the 2010 All Things Digital conference, telling Walt Mossberg that the iPad came before the iPhone (released in 2007). The iPad, which was unveiled in April 2010, was known to be in development for at least two years before release, and was a runaway hit, instantly creating a tablet market where others had failed\"I'll tell you a secret. It began with the tablet. I had this idea about having a glass display, a multitouch display you could type on with your fingers. I asked our people about it. And six months later, they came back with this amazing display,\" the Daily Mail quoted Jobs, as saying on the website.\"And I gave it to one of our really brilliant UI guys. He got scrolling working and some other things, and I thought, \"my God, we can build a phone with this!\" So we put the tablet aside, and we went to work on the iPhone,\" he added.The images come from the still ongoing court battle between Samsung and Apple, and were shown at a deposition of chief Apple designer Jonathan Ive in December 2011, which were later released by Apple following a request by Samsung.Ive is a legend among designers, tech enthusiasts and Apple fans, while his designs formed almost the entire basis for the iMac , iPad and iPhone, turning Apple into a style icon and one of the biggest brands of the last decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chelmsford", "code": "15054474", "title": "Harbhajan's barren spell for Essex continues", "text": "CHELMSFORD: Off-spinner Harbhajan Singh's barren spell for Essex continued as the veteran off-spinner went wicketless in 28 overs that he sent down against Hampshire, on the first day of their Division Two County Championship match.Against Hampishire, Harbhajan had figures of 28-3-73-0 as Hampshire were comfortably placed at 303/6, after opting to bat at the County ground in Chelmsford.Harbhajan, who played his first county match of the season against Gloucestershire had figures of 0/33 from 13 overs in that match.Essex captain Mark Pettini used him in all three sessions but the 32-year-old who has an experience of playing 98 Test matches couldn't breach through the defences of Neil McKenzie (134 batting, 270 balls, 13x4) and Sean Ervine (55, 93 balls, 7x4).Brief scores: Hampshire 303/6 (N McKenzie 134 batting, S Ervine 55, Harbhajan Singh 0/73) vs Essex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049116", "title": "Hafiz Saeed supervised 26/11 plot for a year before actual strike: Abu Jundal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Key 26/11 conspirator Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal told his interrogators that a 10-member team was formed to plan and execute the Mumbai attacks a year before the actual strike, with Lashkar-e-Toiba (LeT) chief Hafiz Saeed at the top of the list.Highly placed sources said the hierarchy for the 26/11 attacks was designed one year before the carnage and Saeed supervised the operation throughout the year. Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi was second in command while Jundal was at number 8 in the hierarchy, the deported terrorist's interrogation report said.Lakhvi, sources said, attended all the meetings. He was followed on the list by Muzammil, Rehan alias Junaid alias Khalid, Abu Kahafa, Abu Al Kama, Abu Zarar, Abu Jundal, and ISI officers Major Sameer Ali and Colonel Hamza. Sources said this core team held regular meetings to oversee preparations for the attack.Meanwhile, Delhi Police sources said they would not seek Jundal's further custody on Friday, when he will be produced in court. \"We have interrogated him at length in our case. We don't need him anymore,\" a senior officer said.Jundal told his interrogators that the planning for 26/11 started long back but a final team to monitor the attack, with different tasks, was formed one year before the strike. Jundal, source said, was kept out of some meetings in which Saeed and Lakhvi were present and he was given the task of teaching Hindi to the 10 terrorists and explaining the locations in Mumbai to them.About Rehan alias Junaid, investigators have come to know that he was the one who first inducted Jundal into Lashkar in October 2005 after Fayaz Kagzi introduced the two. Jundal's interrogation report said, \"In October 2005, Jundal along with Fayaz Kagzi and Aakif, all residents of Aurangabad, went to Nepal and met Rehan. Rehan trained Jundal and Kagzi in making IEDs. Then they were tasked by Rehan to carry out blasts, targeting the office/establishments of RSS/VHP in India.\"The first interrogation report was prepared after Jundal's questioning at the special cell office in Lodhi Road, after his arrest on June 21, and it was shared with the ministry of home affairs. It gives details, based on his questioning, of Jundal's joining LeT to being a part of the 26/11 planning and execution and his stay in Pakistan and Saudi Arabia . A detailed interrogation report is being prepared based on his questioning.About his stay in Pakistan, the report said he shifted to Rawalpindi in February 2010 with his wife Mariyam. He had three houses in Pakistan -- at Qazi Market in Rawalpindi, Gali number 4, Karal, Islamabad and Gali number 15, Munawar Colony, Rawalpindi. He stayed in Pakistan till April 2011 and then left for Saudi Arabia.\"During 2010, he was highly active on the internet, attempting to recruit cadres from India for LeT using several chat platforms like Islamic Chat, multiple Facebook profile etc,\" the interrogation report added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15050302", "title": "Criminal murdered in Ghorpadi", "text": "PUNE: A gang of four men attacked a criminal on police record, Ravi Indrasingh Chatri (43), with sharp weapons in a salon in Vikasnagar in Ghorpadi around 9 pm on Wednesday. Chatri, who received major blows on his chest, stomach, head and face, died on the spot.The crime branch on Thursday arrested Sachin Hirekarur (29), one of the four attackers. The main suspect Deepak Suryavanshi and the two others are still at large.Senior police inspector Bajirao Mohite of the Wanowrie police station said Chatri had assaulted Suryavanshi with a sharp weapon on July 6. \"Suryavanshi had then threatened to avenge the attack,\" Mohite added.Mohite said both Suryavanshi and Chatri have criminal past. Both have cases of body offences, attempt to murder and rioting registered against them at Wanowrie and Hadapsar police stations.Hirekaur was arrested by police inspector Satish Govekar of the anti-dacoity cell on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15049942", "title": "Driver\u2019s death leads to blocking of road in Cholapur", "text": "VARANASI: Angered over the death of a pick-up van driver identified as Gabbar Ram (30) in a fight over a minor dispute, the natives of his village block the roads near Dharsauna Bazaar, in the limits of Cholapur police, for several hours on Thursday morning.Gabbar, a native of Dharsauna village, was returning home from work on Wednesday evening with his relative Rahul. He stopped in Dharsauna Bazaar to buy fish. An elderly man of neighbouring Bhavanipur village also reached the fish shop. The stock was sufficient for one buyer. Gabbar and the man from Bhavanipur village became rigid and quarreled to buy the fish.In the meantime, several youth from Bhavanipur village reached the spot and beat up Gabbar brutally. Rahul somehow saved the driver and took him to his residence. Around midnight, the health of injured Gabbar started deteriorating. The villagers rushed him to primary health center where he was declared dead.Angered by his death, natives of Dharsauna came on the road around 6 am on Thursday and blocked it. They were demanding compensation for Gabbar's family and lodging of a murder case against the assailants. The stir continued for several hours. After several hours, the police succeeded in sending the body for postmortem examination. A named FIR was registered against seven persons. One accused was taken under custody.One killed: Shyam Sundar (38), a private security guard was crushed to death by a truck near Lehartara crossing in Manduadih on Thursday morning. Shyam, a native of Ballia, was returning home from duty in the morning, when the accident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15048701", "title": "No criminal liability in RD disputes: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: Providing a respite to man and woman from Amravati, the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court has ruled that criminal liability can't be attributed to the persons in disputes related to non-refund of recurring deposits (RD).\"The transactions of recurring deposits and non-refund thereof, as also rights and liabilities under the hire/purchase agreement, were the disputes of purely civil nature. No criminal liability can be imputed to either of the respondents/accused,\" a single-judge bench comprising Justice Ashok Bhangale ruled.Therefore, the court dismissed an appeal of Amravati farmer Ashok Wajge who had challenged a judgment passed by Achalpur JMFC that acquitted the respondents - Manohar and Kumudini Ingle - from offences punishable under Sections 406 and 420 of IPC.A company - Busy Land Development Corporation - had floated two schemes at Paratwada in Amravati. That included an RD and providing loan for vehicle purchase. Wajge opened RD account with the company by depositing Rs10 per day from March 6, 1986, and his deposit accumulated to Rs2,610.Thereafter, the respondents informed Wajge that if he makes down payment to the extent of 30% of the cost of vehicle, he would be provided loan of the remaining amount. He deposited the requisite amount for purchase of an 'Ind-Suzuki' motorcycle. However, when he failed to get his vehicle on the date assured by the respondents, he tried to contact them. The respondents again assured him that if he failed to get his vehicle by November 3, 1986, he would get refund of amount of the down payment.After a few days, the company closed down its Paratwada office without refunding Wajge's down payment amount and also that of the RD. Wajge then filed a case accusing Sudames of cheating him. The JMFC before dismissing his appeal observed that the \"loss caused to the complainant cannot be attributed to the accused who simply acted as agent of the corporation without any intention to deceive, defraud or induct the complainant\".During hearing in high court, Justice Bhangale observed that when the company was closing its office at Paratwada, depositors were, through a public notice, asked to take back their money. However, Wajge failed to take steps to get back his money in pursuance to the public notice. \"From the facts gathered from record, it appears that the complainant wanted to procure a vehicle on loan under a hire/purchase agreement not with the respondents, but with the Busy Land Development Corporation,\" the court said before dismissing Wajge's case while upholding JMFC's verdict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15049632", "title": "Old buildings threat to human lives", "text": "PATNA: Financial constraints have forced a good number of people in the city to live in dilapidated buildings despite warning by the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC), leading to risk of loss of human lives in case of collapse of the buildings during monsoon.Sources said in 2011, PMC had identified 71 buildings as unsafe for living. The authorities had served notices on the dwellers, but they continue to live there as they have to pay paltry rent.In Mithapur area, there are several such dilapidated structures, and people are living under the constant fear of collapse of such structures.The way it has been raining heavily for the past three days, the fear is understandable.\"The occupants have been told that the buildings can't be repaired anymore and warned that these could collapse during the monsoon season.However, no step has been taken to get these dilapidated buildings vacated,\" said Anant, a resident of the area.The sources stated PMC has not conducted any fresh exercise to collect the data of dilapidated structures. A PMC official said on the condition of anonymity, \"There are hundreds of dilapidated buildings in the city and many of them may collapse any time.\"Despite PMC's notice, occupants continue to live in them due to lack of alternative arrangements. District authorities do not have any tangible plan to relocate the residents.Most of such occupants belong to below poverty line (BPL) group and cannot afford to move to safer houses by paying higher rent, leave alone buying new houses. \"We know the building we are living in is almost a death trap. But, then, we are poor and can't afford to hire a house on rent or buy another home,\" said Danish, a resident of Birla Mandir area.Another resident of the area, who lives in a rented dilapidated house, said, \"We are being pressurized to take some money and leave. But, who will provide us an alternate place, that too on such a low rent,\" he said.\"We cannot force the residents of private buildings to leave. Our duty is only to serve notices,\" said a PMC official.He added, \"We have sent several notices to many such tenants living under dangerous conditions in old buildings and asked them to vacate the place. Most of them have refused to do so on the ground that they do not have any alternative place to shift.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053406", "title": "Katie Holmes back to Broadway after divorce", "text": "Katie Holmes is returning to Broadway in her first major project since her divorce from Tom Cruise .The 33-year-old actress will star in Theresa Rebeck's 'Dead Accounts,' a five character comedy that will be directed by three-time Tony Award winner Jack O'Brien, CBS News reported.According to the New York Times, Holmes will play a \"fairly unglamorous\" character named Lorna, who lives with her aging parents in Cincinnati while trying to pull her own life together.The play will open this fall at the Music Box Theatre. Dates and other casting news will be announced later.Holmes' made her Broadway debut in 2008, when she appeared in a revival of Arthur Miller's 'All My Sons.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15052394", "title": "Rajesh Khanna's funeral", "text": "The antim yatra of the 'first superstar of Hindi cinema' was truly befitting the cult status Rajesh Khanna enjoyed, in his hey day. Laid on a make shift bed with a big black and white poster of him in front, Khanna's body was ferried in a truck adorned with flowers and garlands, with estranged wife Dimple, younger daughter Rinke, son-in-law Akshay Kumar and grandson Arav by his side. The procession started on Thursday at around 10.15am from Khanna's bungalow Aashirwad on Carter Road, reaching the Pawan Hans crematorium in Vile Parle West by 11am. Thousands of people lined the road, anxiously waiting to catch one last glimpse of the legend. So much so traffic had to be diverted with the police finding it increasingly difficult to control the swelling crowd. In fact, the kind of mass hysteria was reminiscent of the days when Khanna, at the peak of his career, would be mobbed by fans during public appearances. A section of the crowd, in its desperation to cross over to the side that houses the crematorium, caused some of the iron railings of the divider to come crashing down, creating a gap. They then rushed toward Amitabh and Abhishek Bachchan , catching them unaware. The situation was saved when in the nick of time, a few police officials encircled the father-son duo for security purposes. The last rites started only at around 11.15 am, thanks to the incessant rains, and saw just a clutch of film personalities including Amitabh Bachchan , Abhishek, Anju Mahendroo, Karan Johar , Randhir Kapoor, Rajiv Kapoor, Anu Malik, Raza Murad, Sajid Khan, Vipul Shah , Abbas-Mustan, Shakti Kapoor and Sudhir Misra near the pyre. However the crowd outside wouldn't give up. Some of the people even climbed the walls hoping they could catch a glimpse of the last rites. It was at about 11.40am that Akshay and Aarav lit the pyre. Anu Malik told TOI after returning from the funeral, \"When I saw the body, I could make out from Kakaji's face that he had 'come to terms with everything'. He looked really peaceful. Inside the crematorium, everybody was still. No one felt that Kakaji would ever die. His death is a personal loss to every one.\" Raza Murad observed that Rinke in particular was inconsolable. \"Kakaji was unarguably the only superstar in the hundred years of Indian cinema,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049571", "title": "Victim's kin seek exemplary punishment for rash teen", "text": "Mumbai: A day after a 17-year-old boy rammed his father's car into three persons, killing a 74-year-old businessman and injuring two police constables at Marine Drive, the deceased's family strongly reacted to the teenager being granted bail within a few hours of the accident.\"My husband Sampat Kumar Maroo is gone. He had lived his life as a respectable businessman and family man...The culprit, a 17-year-old boy, was driving his father's Honda City without a valid licence. Just due to the negligence of a spoilt brat who zoomed around knocking off people left &amp; right, my husband is no more! What amazes me is that just within a couple of hours he was released on a bail of Rs 15,000 only!!! Is this the future of senior citizens in our country? Is that what my husband deserved? Is that what I deserved - the end of 53 years of togetherness and a lonely future? The law of the nation seems very lenient towards minors. The teenager is free today without a trace of guilt and punishment. It is very important to set an example, as today it was my husband, tomorrow it can by anyone, someone else's husband, wife, daughter, son or so on...'' Maroo's wife Snehlata Maroo said in a letter to TOI.Marine Drive police are now waiting for the boy's parents to arrive from Dubai to book them for allowing their car to be driven by their minor son who didn't know driving and didn't even have a driving licence. The teenager was booked for culpable homicide not amounting to murder, rash driving and negligence and was granted bail of Rs 15,000.Early on Wednesday morning, the boy a commerce student of Jai Hind College, was driving his father's Honda City at Marine Drive, when he hit three persons. Maroo, a resident of Ravindra mansion, just opposite Marine Drive police station, was returning from his morning walk from when he was hit and died on the spot.Two constables - Yogesh Krishna Nijayi (29) and Amish Sadanand Keni (31) - were also hit. Niyaji, an assistant to additional director general of police Ahmad Javed, was seriously injured in the accident and is still in the ICU at Bombay Hospital, but is now said to be out of danger.Police said they have taken pictures of the tyre imprints with the help of forensic experts, to establish that the teenager was driving above 80 km. \"The examination of the dents on the car and the axle is enough to establish the speed,'' said senior inspector S Garal of Marine Drive police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15048217", "title": "Eastern freeway slab falls, 1 killed", "text": "MUMBAI: One person died on the spot and five others were injured, one of them critically, after the segment launching truss (made of steel) fell on the segments between the two pillars of the under-construction eastern freeway at Shanti Nagar in Wadala.The mishap occurred at around 9.40pm on Thursday when the labourers were launching the segment. There were unconfirmed reports of some more labourers being still trapped under the collapsed segments at the time of going to press. The deceased was not identified at the time of going to press.The project involves construction of an elevated road between Princess Dock on P D'mello road and Anik bus depot in Wadala. From Wadala it is being connected to Panjrapol near R K Studios in Chembur via a tunnel through the BARC area. The Rs 600 crore project is being funded by the central government under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). The next portion of this project between Panjrapol and Ghatkopar-Mankhurd link road is yet to take shape. The total length of the project is around 22 km.Dr Sandhya Kamat, dean of Sion Hospital said of the five people who have been admitted, one had his pelvis broken and has been kept under observation in ICU. \"Similarly, two others have fractured their lower leg and jaw bone. The other two injured are also in the hospital though not injured critically,\" she told TOI, pointing out that the one was brought dead to the hospital by the rescue squad.The names of critically injured have been identified as Raju and Abhijit. Three others, Dashrath Deva, Mangal Mandal and Virendra (all aged between 20 to 35), although not discharged, are not seriously injured, doctors said.According to some sources they were passing below the under-construction bridge and only one or two could be the labourers working on the eastern freeway project.On October 24, 2011 a similar mishap had occurred when the girder, which was being launched with the help of two cranes, fell on labourers near Mysore Colony area near Chembur. Fortunately no one was injured in the mishap. This incident had occurred on the next section of the eastern freeway (i.e Anik-Panjrapol Link Road (APLR)) elevated corridor.The agency involved in the construction of the mishap-hit part of freeway is Simplex Infrastructure whereas CES is the consultant of the project. MMRDA is the nodal agency which is financing the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15049128", "title": "Rohtak home scam: HC gives CBI 2 months", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday set a deadline of two months for the CBI to complete its investigations into the alleged sexual exploitation of inmates at the Rohtak-based shelter home. The HC also directed the CBI to deal with this case with utmost care and caution to protect the privacy of the inmates, majority of whom are minors. Directions were also issued to the department of women and child development to provide requisite medical aid to the inmates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15049428", "title": "Power shutdown on Saturday", "text": "Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Saturday from 9am to 5.30pm for maintenance work.Chepauk area: TV Station, Royapettah, Chindaderipet, Triplicane, PWD Complex, Presidency College, Big St, Sydoji St and Lane, Ranganathan St, D V Naidu St, Khanabagh St and Lane, Butchibabu St, T H Road, Aiyapillai St, Akbar Sahib St, OVM St, Mosque St, Lal Md. St and Lane, Lal Begum St, Muftiamriullah St, Canal Road, MAC Stadium, Bells Road, CNK Road and Lane, Venakatesan St, Arumugam St, Miyan Sahib I and II Streets, Murugappa Achari St, Arunachala Achari St, Subramani St and Lane, Typoonalikhan St, Yusuf Labbai St and Lane, Abdulkareem St, Lane and Cross St, Md Abdullah St and Lane, Ezhilagam Complex, Madras University complex, Wallaja Road.Kilpauk area: Parts of PH Road, Baracka Road, A K Samy Nagar, Abirami Mall, Kumutham, Aspiran Garden, Kuttiyappan St, Kellys Road, Ormes Road, Thambusamy Road, Millers Road, Reganathan Avenue, Barnaby Road, Subramani St, Sundharan St, Balfour Road, landons Road, SAP Camp Kellys Telephone Exchange, KG Road, Harleys Road, Branson Garden, Secretariat Colony, MT Road, Varadhammal garden, Tower Block Apartment, parts of Tailors Road, Sivasankaran St, Halls Road, Umayal St, Bank St.TH Road area: T H Road, G A Road, Solaiappan St, Sanjeevirayan Koil St, Kappal Polu St, Thandavaraya Gramani St, Thandavaraya Mudali St, Balu Mudali St, V P Koil St, Ramanuja Iyer St, R K Nagar, Tondiarpet, Old Washermenpet, Avathar Ramasamy St, Kothandaraman St, Sri Rangammal St.Tiruverkadu area: Tiruverkadu and Co-op Nagar, Goparasanallur, Pillaiyarmadanthangal, Mooventhar nagar, Ashok Nandavanam, Ishwarya Garden, P H Road, Saveetha Dental Hopital, KGP nagar, Rani Anna Nagar, Perumalagaram, Kendriya Vihar, Noombal Road, Abirami Nagar, KPS Nagar, Sundaracholapuram, S&P; Reshidents, Paruthipattu, Koduvetti, Veeraragavapuram, Parivakkam, Avadi Road.Nappalayam area: Manali New Town, SIDCO Indl. Estate, Vichoor, Periya Echanguhi, Ponniamman Nagar, Ganapathy Nagar, Vichoor Road, Nappalayam, Vellivayalchavdi, Kondakkarai, Kuruvimedu.Besant Nagar area: Entire Besant Nagar, parts of Sastri Nagar, Adyar, Thiruvanmiyur, L B Road, M G Road.Villivakkam area: MTH Road, North and South Thirumalai Nagar, Seeyalam St, Rajiv Gandhi Nagar, East Mada St, South Mada St, Redhills Road, P E Koil North Mada, P E Koil South Mada St.Ayanavaram area: P E Koil Main St, P E Koil West and North Mada St, Vellala St, Chakkaravarthy nagar, Thiru-Vi-Ka St, Muthamman Koil St, Muthamman Nagar, K H Road, Market St, Link St, Veerasamy St, K K Nagar, Pachakkal Housing Colony and Nagar, Thirumalai Raja St, Palayakara St, Mylappa St, Munusamy St, Appa Durai St, Madurai St, Vasantha Garden, Ganambal Garden, Ganambal Garden, A V Koil St, Ponnusamy St, Pillalinton Road, Andersen St and Road, Bangaru St, Srinivasa St.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15051198", "title": "Hazaribag DC forms teams to check agri stock", "text": "Hazaribag: Taking stock of the availability of seeds and fertilizers for raising kharif paddy in 84,000 hectares in the district, deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan at the Agriculture Task force meeting here on Thursday said that he has received complaints about scarcity of fertilizers.As such he constituted three different teams for immediate verification of stocks on the premises of registered fertilizer dealers for which director of the district rural development agency (DRDA) Sriram Tiwari, has been asked to investigate. The second inquiry team will be headed by SDO Rachna Bhagat for checking the Saha Krishi Kendra and the third team will be headed by the district supply officer, Xavier Herenz. All the officers were directed to submit their reports within three days.They were asked to find out the reasons behind the shortage of fertilizers and also whether the compost were being sold in the black market at higher prices to the rich and prosperous farmers.The DC also reprimanded the district agriculture officer (DAO) and krishi mitra, an NGO entrusted with issuing Kisan Credit Cards(KCC) to the farmers so that they do not face any financial crisis in raising the crops. But when he found that the targets for distribution of 6000 KCC cards was not achieved he took the agriculture officer and Krishi Mitra to task for not achieving their target. Against the target of 6000 cards only 1600 KCC cards were distributed so far. He directed the DAO that remaining KCC cards should be distributed to the farmers within a week with proper monitoring. He also directed the DAO to distribute fertilizers and seeds at subsidized rates.The DC also directed him to provide information about rainfall on a regular basis so that in case of emergency, alternative steps may be taken to raise crops. When he was told that the no rainfall recording instruments were available at the agriculture office, the DC directed the DAO to purchase instrument for recording daily rainfall .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15050717", "title": "Lack of amenities at Sec 42 lake disappoints visitors", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The second artificial lake of the city in Sector 42 is a picture of neglect and lacks even basic amenities. Lights installed there have not been working for the past many weeks, the taps have gone dry, while the washrooms are generally locked or they are not clean enough to be used. Even though visitors return disappointed from the lake, the administration does not seem to be serious to deal with these problems.The lake was developed in 2008, so that people living in the southern sectors could spend some leisurely moments at the lake as Sukhna Lake is too far away from their homes and also for the benefit of devotees so that they could offer prayers during various festivals. After a long spell of summers, with the evenings getting pleasant these days, people have been coming out of their homes for a walk only at dusk, but non-functional lights force many to return from the lake as it plunges into darkness after sundown.Not just this, the washrooms are often locked, while the taps have gone dry. Ajay Bhandari, a resident of Sector 41 said he goes to the lake for a walk often but of late he has had to return as the lights there not functing.Komal Kapoor, a resident of Sector 42 said that the lake is of no use to her as she would rather not walk in the dark. She therefore restricts herself to the park in her neighbourhood. Amanjot Singh, a resident of Sector 35 said that taps at the lake have been running dry for the past one month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kishanganj/katihar", "code": "15049678", "title": "No breakthrough in Katihar murder case", "text": "KISHANGANJ/KATIHAR: Notwithstanding Katihar police complying with the DGP's order to send a comprehensive report on the killing of BJP MLC Ashok Kumar Agrawal's employee, Dhiraj Mahto, within six hours, the police have no clue whatsoever into Mahto's killing.Dhiraj Mahto has two minor children and his wife is pregnant.Over 48 hours have elapsed since Mahto was killed in the guardroom at the residence-cum-petrol pump of the BJP MLC and businessman, but no one has been arrested yet. \"Unless we get the report of the two-member forensic science laboratory (FSL) team which examined the room of the incident among other things on Wednesday, we cannot go further,\" Katihar SDPO Rajesh Kumar said.The slain employee's brother, Niraj Mahto, however, named the BJP MLC for killing his brother for refusing to return to the MLC's construction work site in Araria in the FIR which was lodged under different sections of IPC and Section 27 of Arms Act. The BJP MLC, on his part, said that Mahto was killed accidentally when the carbine went off when his bodyguard, Awadh Kishore Yadav, was cleaning it. However, what is mysterious is that the MLC's bodyguard is missing since the incident. The police are tightlipped in this connection.The employee's killing on Tuesday triggered such a strong protest that the mob torched the MLC's private car in which body was taken to hospital, prevented postmortem examination and jammed the road at Shahid Chowk on Tuesday, inviting the DGP's direct intervention. The irate mob relented only after DGP Abhayanand's personal assurance that the culprit would be arrested soon. State Congress spokesperson V K Thakur said the police should have arrested the killer within 24 hours as promised to the bereaved family members of the slain employee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15050665", "title": "SWR announces Garib Rath for Puri-Bangalore", "text": "Hubli: South Western Railway has decided to introduce a weekly Garib Rath express between Puri and Yeshwantpur (Train numbers 22883/22884) with effect from July 20.Train number 22883 Puri-Yesvantpur weekly will depart from Puri station at 2.45 pm every Friday and arrive at Yeshwantpur at 8 pm on Saturday.En route, the train will depart from Khurda Road at 4.10 pm, Chatrapur at 5.41 pm, Brahmapur at 6.10 pm, Sompeta at 6.44 pm, Palasa at 7.32 pm, Srikakulam Road at 8.24 pm, Vizianagaram at 9.30 pm, Visakhapatnam at 10.55 pm, Duvvada at 11.32 pm, Ankapalle at 11.46 pm, Samalkot at 1.10 am, Rajahmundry at 2 am, Eluru at 3.36, Vijayawada at 5.20 am, Guntur at 6.20 am, Narasaraopet at 7.16 am, Donakonda at 8.26 am; Markapur Road at 8.51 am, Nandyal at 11.25 am, Dhone at 12.45 pm, Anantpur at 2.36 pm, Dharmavaram at 3.55 hrs, Hindupur at 5.20 pm and arrive at Yelahanka at 6.58 pm.In the return direction, train number 22884 Yeshwantpur-Puri weekly will depart from Yeshwantpur station at 10.40 pm every Saturday, commencing from July 21, and arrive at Puri at 12.55 am on Mondays.En route, the train will arrive at Yelahanka at 10.58 pm, Hindupur at 12.23 pm, Dharmavaram at 2.43 am, Anantapur at 3.20 am, Dhone at 5.30 am, Nandyal at 7.10 am, Markapur Road at 9.21 am, Donakonda at 9.45 am, Narasaraopet at 11.05 am, Guntur at 12.20 pm, Vijayawada at 2.10 pm; Eluru at 3.18 pm, Rajahmundry at 5.04 pm, Samalkot at 5.46 pm, Anakapalle at 8.20 pm, Duvvada at 9.48 pm, Visakhapatnam at 10.20 pm, Vizianagaram at 11.35 pm, Srikakulam Road at 12.30 am, Palasa at 1.35 am, Sompeta at 1.59 am, Brahmapur at 2.32 am, Chatrapur at 2.50 am and arrive at Khurda Road at 4.40 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15050035", "title": "Immediate dredging of Ganga demanded", "text": "VARANASI: The International Association of Mother India Clubs had demanded immediate dredging in Ganga at Varanasi to save the river as well as the majestic riverfront that attracts thousands of foreign and domestic tourists.Talking to reporters on Thursday, president of the organisation Ajay Singh said that it was unfortunate that the dredging work could not being undertaken due to the presence of tortoise sanctuary in the holy river at Varanasi.A 7-km stretch of Ganga between Ramnagar Fort and Malviya bridge was declared a wildlife protected zone in 1989 under the Wildlife (conservation) Act-1972 for tortoise sanctuary.He said that the tortoise sanctuary should be shifted to some other place so that the sand deposited in the river could be removed. He alleged that the money spent in the name of Ganga cleaning was wasted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15051064", "title": "Army rescue stranded villagers", "text": "GUWAHATI: Army in Lower Assam has been kept on alert after the recent flood in Bongaigaon district, which inundated many villages when water from Bhutan entered Ai River in the district. The Red Horns division of the army rescued 65 villagers after a flash flood marooned them in Papragoan village of Bongaiagon district. The villagers were stranded for about four hours while the water level of Ai River kept increasing.The administration said Army's help would be sought whenever such floods occur. During the recent flash flood in Bongaigaon, the army based in Kokrajhar sent two rescue columns, including boats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053589", "title": "Kanye West won't watch Kim's erotic sex tape", "text": "Singer Kanye West , who has refused to watch girlfriend Kim Kardashian's infamous sex tape, has also banned his entourage from mentioning the X-rated footage.The racy visual of the reality TV star featured her with ex-boyfriend Ray J and was released as a DVD entitled 'Kim Kardashian Superstar' in 2007.The rapper has revealed that it is one of the things, which he wants to block out of his mind.\"For all his bad-boy image, he's quite old-fashioned and [while they were still just friends] he thought it inappropriate to view Kim's tape. Now that they are a couple, there's no way Kanye's ever going to look at it,\" Contactmusic quoted a source as telling OK! magazine.The singer is apparently so sensitive about the sex tape that he won't even let anyone in his entourage or circle of friends talk about it.\"When some of his buddies were teasing him about it over a few beers just recently, he went crazy and told them in no uncertain terms that the subject was completely off limits. At first they thought he was joking, but he was deadly serious. Kanye never, ever wants to see the tape, and he has banned anyone in his entourage from even talking about it,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15048239", "title": "Sharad Pawar, Praful Patel skip Cabinet meet; Congress-NCP ties shaky", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress-NCP ties appeared to be at tipping point on Thursday after Sharad Pawar and his close associate Praful Patel stuck to their protest over the NCP boss being denied the No. 2 seat in the Cabinet and stayed away from its deliberations. Pawar disregarded an appeal from an anxious Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to attend the meeting.Sources said the PM, concerned about growing indications through the day that the NCP duo could be planning to quit, called up Pawar in the afternoon to persuade him to attend the meet. However, Pawar, who had stayed away from the UPA meet on Saturday to protest against the \"unfair\" seating arrangement, declined after politely explaining the point of his protest. According to sources, he also asked Patel not to attend the meeting, at once escalating his protest over the seating arrangement to serious tension between the UPA partners.NCP denied that Pawar and Patel had quit yet. \"As of now, no,\" said a party leader when asked to confirm the speculation about the two. However, sources said the option to quit was very much on the table and, could have, in fact, been the trigger for the PM to try his persuasive skills on Pawar. Although Pawar accepted the PM's suggestion that they meet to hash out the issue, he is firm that his honour is not compromised. The meeting was expected to happen either late on Thursday evening or on Friday.However, having ventured out so far in the open with his protest, Pawar may find it difficult to retrace its steps without something to show for its muscle-flexing.The agriculture minister has been smarting under what NCP sources deem to be an embarrassment over having made to vacate the No. 2 seat in Cabinet meetings to A K Antony. The seat, the first one to the PM's right, fell vacant following Pranab Mukherjee's resignation. The first meeting of the Cabinet post-Mukherjee saw Pawar, who used to sit next to the president-in-waiting, moving one chair to take what had come to be seen as the informal No. 2 slot in the Cabinet.The subsequent one, however, saw the seat being officially assigned to Antony who was placed number two in the pecking order as advertized through the list of Cabinet ministers on the websites of the PMO and the cabinet secretariat.The NCP has since been livid over what it sees as humiliation for the Maratha warhorse. It has all the makings of a real stand-off because of the Congress's insistence that it ought to keep the No. 2 seat on the basis of sheer numbers: 207 against NCP's 9. Moreover, just like in the case of NCP, it may not be comfortable with the idea of a tactical retreat because of the cost it may entail in the form of the perception of capitulation as well as the discomfiture it may cause Antony.Although Pawar and his associates don't dispute the logic of numbers, they maintain that the situation is of the Congress's making which moved Pawar one slot only to drag him back, making him look silly. \"We did not ask for it, but they had no business to remove him once they had allotted the seat,\" a senior colleague of Pawar said. He also said that Pawar, a four-time chief minister of a big state who was the leader of the Congress Parliamentary Party in the Lok Sabha and who was provided a seat in the front row in the Lok Sabha by the NDA government, was second to none in terms of stature.The NCP leader also said that while Antony became chief minister a year before Pawar achieved the distinction, the former was president of the Kerala unit of Congress-S when the breakaway faction was nationally led by the Union agriculture minister. \"The fact of the matter is that in terms of parliamentary career, Pawar is senior even to Mukherjee. He was elected to Maharashtra assembly in 1967, two years before Mukherjee's nomination to Rajya Sabha,\" the party leader said.Besides the numbers, for Congress, there is something else, more critical, that is in play: its suspicions of the NCP boss whom they held responsible for scuppering Sonia Gandhi's pitch in 1998 Lok Sabha polls by rebelling against her \"foreign origin\".On the other hand, Pawar is seen as a man who does not forget slights in a hurry. Those close to him point to the instance when the visiting Australian cricketers, eager to celebrate their victory in the ICC Trophy in Mumbai, pushed him aside for a group photograph. Although taken aback, Pawar appeared to take the episode in what then appeared to be \"sporting spirit\". However, insiders have a different story to say: he insisted on and got an apology from Ricky Ponting , the Aussie skipper, with the BCCI making an issue of the insult. Manmohan Singh's task seems to be cut out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049266", "title": "Denied money for chicken, man 'kills' dad", "text": "MUMBAI: A 35-year-old man has been arrested for allegedly killing his elderly father on Wednesday night. The accused was handed over to the police by neighbours.Ajay Singh was unemployed and stayed with his wife, two children and father Ramlal Singh (65), who worked as a labourer. in the same house used to work as a labourer and support his son and family.On Wednesday, Ajay sought money from his father to buy chicken to celebrate Gatari Amavasya, which Ramlal refused. Irked, with his father.Ajay ran to the kitchen, picked up a knife and stabbed Ramlal on his stomach several times. His wife and children watched in horror. Hearing the commotion, neighbours rushed to Ramlal's room to find him lying in a pool of blood.Ajay threatened the neighbours with the knife but was overpowered by them.He was handed over to the Nalasopara police. Ajay has been booked under section 302 (murder) of the IPC. The police have seized the knife.A medical examination of Ajay confirmed that he was drunk. - Sandhya NairHis wife insisted that Ajay was mentally unsound. The police will take Ajay for a mental health check up to the Thane civil hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053626", "title": "Distance and schedules behind divorce: Brand", "text": "Comedian Russell Brand has blamed distance and busy schedules for his failed marriage to pop star Katy Perry .The star couple tied the knot in India in October 2010 and the relationship was persistently dogged by split rumours until Perry filed papers to end their union in December 2011.The couple's divorce was officially finalised on Monday.The actor, who recently hinted that the singer was 'a pain-in-the-ass', however insists that his love for the singer was genuine.\"(Before) we got married, I just thought, 'I've got to marry her, I just love her so much.' And then we got married and I thought, 'OK, this isn't really working out',\" Contactmusic quoted him as saying in an interview with U.S. 'shock jock' Howard Stern.\"I was really, really in love with her, but it was difficult to see each other... We were together when it was right to be together, and when it wasn't we worked it out... It was a lovely relationship... it mostly didn't work for practical reasons,\" he said.According to rumours, the couple's split came in the wake of Brand's desire to start a family, but the British actor refused to admit that they parted ways over conflicting views.\"She's young, successful and dedicated... I was really into the idea of marriage and having children... I don't want to be too glib. She'll read (about what I said) and she'll be sad and I don't want that... I don't want anything to hurt her... She's beautiful and she's sensitive and I care about her deeply,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15049924", "title": "Pranab's son invites Mamata home for tea", "text": "KOLKATA: Abhijeet Mukherjee showed no emotions as he picked up the ballot paper to cast his vote.After all, for this first time MLA, the number 2 candidate on the ballot paper, Pranab Mukherjee with address H No 60/2/97 Kabi Bharati Sarani (Lake Road), Kolkata (WB), is his father. Around 11:50am, as we walked inside the assembly hall, his electoral number 4795 was called and he confidently cast his ballot without even glancing at the camerapersons. And then he walked out.An expected question from the media persons broke his silence. On being asked, whom did he vote for, Abhijeet said: \"Obviously, I and my (party) colleagues voted for my father. I had hoped my father would emerge as a consensus candidate and there will be no election. As a son and an MLA, I also met the chief minister and extended my sincere thanks. Her preference was someone else - and an equally capable candidate - but she has taken a political stand and supported the UPA candidate.\"Abhijeet said that it is also a matter of satisfaction that his father would be getting the maximum votes from his home state. This is a rare unity when almost all political parties showed solidarity in backing his father in the interest of Bengal. \"If such solidarity is maintained, it will be beneficial for Bengal's development and will help the state get more assistance from the central government.\"When asked about the plans ahead, he said: So, how does he plan to celebrate his father's taking up residence in Raisina Hill? The question brought a smile to Abhijeet's face.\"Firstly, subject to him winning, I plan to write to all MPs and MLAs thanking them. None had opposed the candidature of my father. They'd voted based on their political line. Secondly, again this is subject to a lot of protocols, I plan to invite my extended family for a get-together in New Delhi. Some of my relatives are in Kolkata.That will be after July 25 and subject to him winning.\"On being asked whether his father would take up Mamata's invite and visit Bengal, Abhijeet said: \"He will definitely come. This is his home state. I have also invited the chief minister to our home. We would be very happy if she can come at least for a cup of tea.\" By then, he was gently nudged by a party supporter, \"All MLAs are looking for you.\" To this, Abhijeet cut short the conversation and hurried to meet his colleagues in the state assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049565", "title": "'Teach road discipline to drivers'", "text": "MUMBAI: The traffic police have prosecuted more than 6,900 drunk motorists and 1,331 rash drivers in the first half of this year. Yet, accidents continue unabated. Between Tuesday and Wednesday, four persons including a senior citizen were killed and three injured in separate accidents at Marine Drive, Chakala and MIDC, by reckless drivers. Experts say there is an urgent need to inculcate road discipline and impart formal training in safe driving to motorists.\"Road discipline is a must due to the growing number of vehicles. In cities like London and Dubai , cops aren't visible on the road. If anyone jumps a traffic light, it's captured by CCTVs and he immediately receives a text message about the fine imposed. In India, e-challans have been introduced in Bangalore and Hyderabad, but Mumbai is still lagging way behind,\" said architect Jagdeep Desai, founder trustee of the Forum for Improving Quality of Life in the Suburbs. Desai, who commutes between Andheri and Navi Mumbai every morning, says school bus drivers are the biggest culprits when it comes to reckless driving. \"They do not stop at red lights and their driving is most unsafe. Trucks and BEST bus drivers do not follow lane discipline and randomly cut lanes. A driver has to drive safely and within the rules.\"Another expert said two-wheeler riders and pedestrians, looking for a short-cut, are to blame wherever they use the gap between central dividers to cross to the other side of the road. Vehicles coming from the other direction are usually moving in speed and are unable to anticipate a pedestrian or a biker suddenly crossing their path, resulting in fatal accidents.A V Shenoy, member of the Mumbai Vikas Samiti, said infrastructural issues such as the long-pending introduction of co-ordinated signals in south Mumbai, which would have streamlined traffic, are to blame. \"CCTVs at several junctions aren't functional. Also, the strength of the traffic police hasn't been increased in years,\" he said.On their part, traffic officials said they have attempted to curb speedsters by installing rumblers, cat'ss eyes and speed bollards on flyovers. \"We have installed these devices on the Barfiwala flyover at Andheri and not a single accident has been reported on it yet,\" said senior inspector R B Patil of the DN Nagar traffic chowky.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15049030", "title": "Padwal appointed state information commissioner", "text": "PANAJI: The state government on Thursday issued a notification appointing Pradeep Padwal as state information commissioner ( SIC).Padwal has been appointed after Pandurang Nadkarni, former chairman of Goa board of secondary and higher secondary, declined to take up the post as his selection as information commissioner led to a controversy. Padwal, a former project director of the Goa state AIDS control society, was among the three shortlisted candidates for the post. Referring to the controversy, chief minister Manohar Parrikar , after announcing Padwal's appointment, said the allegations made against Nadkarni by one person were also false. \"I know for certain that you don't need law knowledge for the post.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053752", "title": "Dimple Kapadia, Rajesh Khanna: Love unfinished!", "text": "It was an emotional moment for wife Dimple Kapadia when her husband superstar Rajesh Khanna's dead body was kept on the wooden structure, waiting for the funeral pyre to set it on fire. Her grandson Aarav was overheard saying in an innocent tone, \"Why have they kept Nana here and why are all putting wooden logs on him?\" As soon as Aarav lighted his pyre, Dimple couldn't stop her and tears continued to roll down her face. Her plight, pain and loneliness were inexplicable at this tragic moment.The actor breathed his last at Ashirwad residence in Mumbai. He spent his last moments with family, especially wife Dimple, who hardly left his side ever since the actor had been unwell since earlier this year. \"Dimpleji was inconsolable and held on to Kaka's hand till he was removed from the bed after his death. She was also seen caressing Kaka's forehead,\"said a family friend.Dimple, who created ripples in Bollywood with her blockbuster movie Bobby, surprised everyone with her decision to marry Rajesh Khanna. She was a die-hard fan of Kaka and despite the age differences between the two (she was 16-year-old and Kaka was in his thirties), she sacrificed her stardom and said goodbye to glamour world after marriage.However, their marriage couldn't survive long term. Kaka's star status and hectic schedule kept him away not only from Dimple but his two daughters. The issues between the two were going from bad to worse and then both decided to separate in 1982.Subsequently, Dimple decided to revive her filmy career. However, with the passage of time, their bitterness started melting. Dimple started supporting Khanna at a time when the superstar began fading away in Hindi cinema. Even Rajesh Khanna and Dimple Kapadia were to work together in a film called Jai Shiv Shankar (named based on a popular song of Rajesh Khanna).The movie however subsequently got shelved but paved the way for the lost love between Dimple and Khanna, which remained till his last days.Listen to Rajesh Khanna's evergreen hits", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049038", "title": "Protest hits AIIMS OPD", "text": "NEW DELHI: OPD services at All India Institute of Medical Sciences were affected on Thursday as over 400 resident doctors stayed off duty in protest against the assault on a colleague from the cardiology department by a patient's attendants on Wednesday. Emergency services were not affected by the protest though, said officials.\"We had a meeting with the deputy director on the issue of providing more security to the doctors. They have promised to take remedial measures to ensure that such incidents are not repeated,\" said Sudipto Ranjan Singh, president, AIIMS Resident Doctors' Association.He added that the institute has also agreed to file an FIR in the case. Resident doctors alleged that a patient's relatives forcibly entered the overcrowded OPD room on Wednesday and demanded that the patient be seen out of turn. When the doctor requested them to wait, he was hit on the face and neck.\"The security guards posted here are hired through private agencies who are not well paid and themselves a harassed lot,\" said a senior doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15051012", "title": "'Corridors outside Kaziranga must be kept free from human pressure'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The recent flood in Kaziranga National Park, which left 595 animals dead, brought to the fore the necessity of keeping the corridors used by animals to move to elevated grounds during deluge free from human activities.Many of the corridors used by animals outside the park have seen a spurt in construction of resorts and non-agricultural activities. As a result, when animals leave the park during flood, they are subjected to various obstructions, leading to conflict with humans.In an appraisal report to the Union ministry of environment and forest, National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) member, M Firoz Ahmad highlighted the need to relieve the corridors from human pressure and stop the change in land-use pattern.Kanchanjuri, Haldibari and Panbari areas outside the park are some of the important corridors used by animals for movement. Once the animals leave the park and cross NH-37, the animals are confronted with numerous man-made structures and human settlements.A park official said situation in Panbari has been compounded by encroachment of forest lands, while many agricultural lands in Haldibari are used for non-agricultural activities.A razor-fencing erected along a tea garden in Kanchanjuri has become a major obstruction for the movement of animals. Due to the fencing, animals cannot use the corridor through the tea garden.During the flood, at least 20 animals, mostly hog deer, were knocked down by speeding vehicles on the highway. Obstruction of corridors is also a hurdle to animal movement. The member secretary of NTCA recently visited Kaziranga to take stock of the damages caused by the floods. Park officials said mushrooming of resorts, restaurants or roadside eateries along the highway are obstructing animal movements in the corridors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "15051651", "title": "Chitty Foremen's Association to stage protest on Saturday", "text": "THRISSUR: The office-bearers of the All Kerala Chitty Foremen's Association have said they will stage protest in front of the Thrissur district Collectorate in the State on July 21 against the 'unruly' and 'unscientific' sections of the Central Chit Act and to demand the State government to make simple and industry-friendly amendments to the state government rules.Talking to mediapersons here on Thursday, the working chairman of the association PD Jose said the private chit industry that has above Rs 1,00,000 crore turnover every year is under severe threat of closure following the enactment of rules under the Central Chit Act, 1982, by the Kerala government.\"The association has been challenging the Kerala Chit Act, 1975, which made it very difficult for the foremen to conduct chits in the State. Even Supreme Court declared the act as void recently and directed the State to implement the Central Act and frame relevant rules,\" pointed out Jose, adding that the employment of over one lakh people in the chit industry will be at risk, if industry is not safeguarded.The association members reiterated that the provisions of Kerala Chit Act, 1975 had been incorporated in the rules framed under the Central Act. \"In the present situation, those who start new chits will face series of difficulties unless relevant amendments to the rules were made. Many a times, we met the changing governments in the State and its finance minister and submitted numerous memorandums pointing out our grievances. Recently, we personally met the Chief Minister Oommen Chandy, Finance Minister KM Mani and Minister for Food and Civil Supplies and Registration Anoop Jacob, however efforts have proved futile. We don't have any other way left, but to stage protest,\" said association general secretary Davis Kannanickal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15048778", "title": "11 minor girls rescued from red-light area", "text": "NAGPUR: Recent raids in the city's red light area and other brothels have revealed that more and more minor girls - hailing from Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh , Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan - are being pushed into flesh trade.On Wednesday night, 11 minor girls were rescued during a raid by the social service unit of the crime branch. Six women and two brothel owners were also nabbed in the raid. Senior police inspector Kamal Jadhav led the team.Jadhav said that interrogation revealed that all the girls, between 13 and 17 years of age, were brought from Gujarat, MP, Rajasthan and UP.\"It seems that they have been forced into the flesh trade since the age of 10 years. We are still questioning them and trying to find out details about who forced them into the trade and how,\" Jadhav added.When Jadhav and her team raided the brothel, its owners locked the building. However, the cops broke open the lock and rescued the minor girls.Police sources said that trafficking of minor girls had increased with Gujarat, Rajasthan, MP emerging as major suppliers. \"Unfortunately, the city is witnessing increased involvement of minors in the flesh trade. Even after being rescued, the girls' families are unwilling to take them back,\" police said.The rescued minors have been sent to government remand home while others have been booked under Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15051050", "title": "NH stir over abduction of contractor", "text": "IMPHAL: An Imphal pressure group set up recently to protest against the alleged abduction of a government contractor by suspected NSCN(IM) cadres has decided to launch an agitation from Friday if the outfit fails to resolve the matter by Thursday.The decision was taken on Tuesday at a public meeting held in Imphal East's Nongdam Maning Leikai village, the birthplace of the contractor, Irungbam Irabanta (38). The pressure group decided in the meeting that ahead of the deadline, the state government should also do the needful to ensure the safe release of Irabanta, who supplied sand and stones to a firm involved in the ongoing construction of Maphou dam. The proposed stir includes blocking of the Imphal-Ukhurl highway. Leaders of various prominent civil bodies of the state attended the meeting.The whereabouts of Irabanta remained untraceable since he left his house near Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Medical Sciences (JNIMS) in the same district on May 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15051037", "title": "CM-channel shadowboxing", "text": "GUWAHATI: The molestation incident has snowballed into shadowboxing between chief minister Tarun Gogoi and a television channel, which is being blamed for going overboard with the airing of the incident. Incidentally, its chairman-cum-managing director is the wife of a cabinet minister in the state government.Former editor-in-chief of the channel Atanu Bhuyan, who fell a victim to the big row that followed the July 9 molestation case, quit but not before expressing apprehension that the channel's management might come under pressure from the chief minister to terminate his job as the CMD of the channel is the wife of a cabinet minister. Bhuyan's allegation, made at a press conference he had called to announce his resignation on July 17, shocked the political circles and people as well.Gogoi immediately bounced back snubbing Bhuyan for making a baseless allegation against him as he denied putting pressure on any media house or editors ever.Two days later on Thursday, Gogoi shot a salvo at the management of the channel for not clearing his name from the allegation made by its former editor-in-chief. \"The management should make it clear that I have not put any pressure on it. The television channel's management has not said anything and this will keep people in a confused state,\" Gogoi said on the sidelines by the presidential election held at the assembly central hall.All India Mahila Congress secretary and in-charge of state Mahila Congress Poonam Rani Wangkhem, who visited the state after the incident as a \"messenger of Sonia Gandhi \", had sought action against the editor-in-chief and the journalist of the channel. The television channel on Thursday responded swiftly to Gogoi's angry statement. Caushiq Bezboruah, the chief executive officer (CEO) of Pride East Entertainments Pvt Ltd, the company that runs the channel, said in a press release, \"The management of News Live hereby clarifies that at no point was the management pressurized by Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi or the government on the GS Road molestation incident and the happenings thereafter, including the resignation of journalist Gaurav Jyoti Nog and Atanu Bhuyan as editor-in-chief. The comments made by journalist Atanu Bhuyan, during a press conference on July 17 while announcing his resignation as editor-in-chief of News Live, were personal views made in his individual capacity.\"The channel's CEO added, \"The News Live management does not subscribe to any views or comments made by Atanu Bhuyan after his resignation where he dragged the name of the chief minister or other external forces apprehending pressure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15050817", "title": "US faces worst drought in 25 years, food prices to soar", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US is facing its \"worst drought\" in 25 years that could fuel food price inflation as crop yields are hit, an Obama-administration official has warned.As many as 61% of the land mass of the US is currently being characterized as being impacted by this drought, the agriculture secretary , Tom Vilsack , said on Wednesday, noting that this drought is having an impact in crops.\"Seventy-eight percent of the corn crop is now in an area designated as drought impacted; 77% of the soybeans that are being grown are also impacted.It also involves other commodities \u2014 38% of corn crop as of today is rated poor to very poor; 30 % of soybeans poor to very poor,\" he said, adding that there are indication of reduced yields this year. \"This will result in increased prices. For corn, we've seen a 38% increase since June 1st, and the price of a bushel of corn is now at $7.88. A bushel of beans have risen by 24%,\" he said.To help farmers, the federal government has decided to open up areas under the Conservation Reserve Programme for emergency haying and grazing, he added.\"Because livestock producers will begin reducing their herds in light of higher feed costs, we would anticipate in the short term food prices for beef, poultry, pork may go down a bit, but over time they will rise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15048800", "title": "Four mini sewage treatment plants to start next year", "text": "NAGPUR: NMC has taken first steps in cleaning up the three rivers flowing through Nagpur by placing work orders for four mini sewage treatment plants (STPs). The work on Mankapur STP has already started. These STPs are expected to be commissioned in March 2013.The NMC has also finalized the model for constructing the 200 million litres per day (MLD) capacity treatment plant at Bhandewadi. It will be built on a hybrid model having characteristics of deferred payment and public private partnership (PPP) models. Nineteen companies have purchased the tender document. The tenders will likely be opened in early August.Mayor Anil Sole said that the four mini STPs were being set up at Shankar Nagar, Mokshadham, Reshimbagh and Mankapur. \"We have chosen the locations keeping revenue in mind. In Shankar Nagar there will be demand for recycled water in gardens and construction work. Bajaj Auto showroom and ST stand are located near Mokshadham and Reshimbagh STPs. Recycled water can be used for washing vehicles and other equipment. In Mankapur, there are many small scale industries. After the four STPs become operational 20% of sewage water will be treated before reaching Bhandewadi,\" he said.Executive engineer Prakash Urade said capacity of each STP was 5 MLD and cost was Rs 5 crore. All the STPs were being built on an area of 6,000 to 7,000 sq ft. They will be built using moving bed bio-reactor ( MBBR) technology. The work would be executed by a joint venture AIPPA-ACW.On the 200 MLD plant at Bhandewadi, Urade said the private operator will construct the entire project using its own money. Once the plant is operational, out of the 200 MLD treated water available for sale, the operator's share would be 175 MLD and NMC's 25 MLD. NMC will also pay the cost of the plant in monthly installments over a period of 30 years. However, we will get annual royalty of Rs 20 crore in the beginning. Under this project water from Pili and Pora rivers will be transported to Bhandewadi plant.The bidders will quote the net present value (NPV) for each year. The lowest bidder will be awarded the contract.He further said that NMC had submitted detailed project report (DPR) for three STPs to Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM) steering committee. \"The proposals will take some time to get cleared. So we have taken steps to reduce pollution on our own. This will improve the quality of Gosikhurd water.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15052938", "title": "Gurdas Maan leaves for US with an agenda", "text": "The legendary singer and actor Gurdas Maan is going back to enthrall his fans in the US. While giving performances abroad are nothing new to him, what makes this tour special is the fact that this time he has chalked out a list of songs that are both from his old and latest ones to perform on. Says Maan, \"I never really get to sing my old songs on my own agenda. They always come as a demand from my fans. And sometimes there are so many demands that I don't get to sing any of my new songs at all.\"Hence, taking a cue from there, Maan has specially introduced some of his old songs in his US itinerary, which is titled aptly as Dil Da Mamla and will last a month starting from July 21. Amongst his new songs will be those from his latest album, Roti .\"It is very important for me to give something new to the listeners every time I perform. It's my duty to do so. And soon, these songs will become old and listeners will demand that I sing them again and again,\" adds Gurdas who had various considerations before turning singer, and some of them included being a wrestler and joining the army!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15048902", "title": "Youth held for cheating", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man has been arrested for allegedly cheating a retired labour ministry employee of around Rs 1 lakh after fraudulently getting hold of his cheques, promising him a bank loan, police said.Amit Raj was caught in Nand Nagri following investigations into a case filed by Bhagwan, 65, last September, V Renganathan, Additional Commissioner of Police (West), said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053239", "title": "Babanchi Shala turns into a movie", "text": "Muhurat of 'Babanchi Shala', a film based on writer Neela Satyanarayan's book, took place recently. The Muhurat was organised at Ajivasan studio at Mumbai.This film comes from Duttavijay Productions and is directed by Sampada Kulkarni. Story and lyrics is by Neela Satyanarayan. The songs of 'Babanchi Shala' are sung by Hamsika Iyyer, Suresh Wadkar, Hrishikesh Ranade and Amrita Natu. Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15049006", "title": "Three persons injured in bus collision", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC) buses collided with each other injuring nearly three passengers at Peddamberpet on Thursday.Hayathnagar police said that a Miryalguda depot bus coming to the city went on to collide with a Hayathnagar depot bus coming from the opposite direction while taking a turn. \"Nearly three persons suffered minor injures and most of the passengers boarded in the buses had left by the time we reached the spot,\" Hayathnagar Sub-Inspector Prabhakar Rao said.Police said that a case was registered under section 337 (Causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) of Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15049005", "title": "'Communal groups need to be identified'", "text": "MARGAO: The newly-formed association to oppose the entry of Shri Ram Sena in Goa, Aami Goykar has appealed to chief minister Manohar Parrikar to take effective measures to identify communal organizations of all religions that are active in Goa and to initiate comprehensive steps to maintain a 'secular state'.\" On the Shri Ram Sena entry in Goa we applaud the first step taken in the right direction towards maintaining the secular fabric of Goa,\" said Anwesha Singbal, convener Aami Goykar in a statement issued on Thursday. The association further appealed to Parrikar to initiate a thorough judicial inquiry as to how the anti-constitutional call for a \"Hindu Rashtra\" could emanate from Goa.\"Who were the people involved in this subversive activity where this call was given and where the chief of Ram Sena made an emphatic statement that he would impose a definite type of culture in Goa,\" said Prasanna Timble, spokesperson.On communal organizations of all religions that are allegedly active in Goa, Mukul Pai Raiturkar, co-convener, said, \"We feel that it is imperative to keep our legislative assembly free from all communal elements such as those that operate from Ponda.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15049995", "title": "High Court raps govt for delay in phasing out old vehicles", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Thursday directed the state government to submit a status report on how many commercial vehicles, which are over 15 years old, ply within the Kolkata Metropolitan Area (KMA).The transport department will also have to say what steps it has taken to ban these vehicles following the July 18, 2008, court order, which banned 15-year-old vehicles from the city.In its 2008 order, the court had also directed the conversion of all two-stroke auto-rickshaws to four-stroke ones. Implementation of these orders started on August 1, 2009.On February 8, 2012, environment activist Subhas Datta had told the court that the process of phasing-out of old commercial vehicles stopped after mid-2010. He claimed that nothing had happened on this front since 2011. The court then directed the government to submit a status report within four weeks, but the report is yet to be filed.On Thursday, Justice Kalyan Jyoti Sengupta and Justice Asim Kumar Mondal expressed displeasure at this and directed the principal secretary of the transport department to submit the report. It will have to state how many commercial vehicles that are over 15 years old are still plying in Kolkata.The state will also have to explain why it allowed these vehicles to ply in spite of the high court's order.\"The report must state what action, if any, has been taken by the state to phase-out old commercial vehicles. The transport department also has to tell the court what action plan has been drawn out to phase out these vehicles. A master plan is required as most of these commercial vehicles carry passengers and cannot be phased-out overnight. An action plan will have to state what steps have been taken for the convenience of commuters,\" Datta said.The court also directed the member secretary of the West Bengal Pollution Control Board (WBPCB) to submit a comprehensive report on air pollution levels in the KMA. The monitoring body, in its report, will also have to recommend measures that need to be taken to bring down the level of vehicular pollution in the KMA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15053976", "title": "Chennai Corporation to recruit 4,000 inspectors and engineers", "text": "CHENNAI: After months of being hit by staff shortage, due to bureaucratic delays, Chennai Corporation will appoint 4,000 sanitary inspectors, junior engineers and assistant executive engineers.Speaking at the inauguration of new road works at Manali, mayor Saidai Duraisamy said the process would be expedited to short list candidates through the state employment exchange, to make the civic body's operations more efficient. Now, in many wards sanitary officers and executive engineers hold additional charges in one or even two other wards.In the old limits of the corporation officials estimated more than 6,500 vacancies. They say that since old municipalities worked with even lesser staff the expanded corporation's list of vacancies is much longer.While the list of vacancies was prepared early April, it got delayed as the corporation commissioner was replaced in between. Later, the paper had to be cleared by the municipal administration and finance departments which took more than a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15052858", "title": "Congress launches campaign for drinking water in Rajkot", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Water woes in Rajkot city has once again stirred the hornet's nest. Despite monsoons setting in several areas in rajkot city have low pressure water supply and in certain areas, residents have been raising the concerns over the quality of water supply.To protest against the lackadaisical attitude of the water supply department, Congress workers in the Rajkot division today staged a dharna in front of the BJP unit president Vijay Rupani. The workers insisted that their petitions be accepted by the BJP chief.The local police was called in after sometime to clear off the main thoroughfare in front of Rupani's house suspecting that the congress workers would create a ruckus at the leaders place. One lady Congress leader in Rajkot was reported injured in the scuffle that took pace on Thursday. The Rajkot menial commissioner has assured the opposition Congress that few civic works were on because of which some areas had less water supply and that normal water supply routines will be restored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15049329", "title": "2 Nigerians beat murder accused in prison", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Thursday said a clash broke out in a block that houses remand prisoners on Wednesday. Nocholan Nelson, 27 and Edison, 28, from Nigeria, attacked Muthukumar, who is charged with murder, punching him so brutally that he had to be hospitalised.Puzhal assistant commissioner of police D Kandasamy said: \"Puzhal police have registered a case against the Nigerian prisoners on a complaint from a jailer. \" He said Nelson and Edison had been arrested in a lottery scam.\"An altercation broke out between Muthukumar and the Nigerian prisoners while the lunch was being served,\" a prison official said. \"It is not clear what the argument was about but the Nigerians pounced on Muthukumar and thrashed him.\" Other prisoners and jail staff intervened and separated them.A few months ago, three other Nigerians, arrested for cheating,got into a fight with other prison inmates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049597", "title": "Thackeray family goes into huddle ahead of Uddhav's angioplasty", "text": "MUMBAI: The Thackerays went into a huddle at Matoshree on Thursday, ahead of Shiv Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray's angioplasty at Lilavati hospital, Bandra, on Friday.Sena chief Bal Thackeray summoned his nephew, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray to Matoshree late on Thursday evening. Raj spent over an hour with the senior Thackeray, Uddhav and close relatives, discussing details of Uddhav's medical procedure.Six prominent doctors led by Dr Samuel Mathew Kalarickal from Lilavati will conduct the angioplasty, according to family sources. Dr Kalarickal had done an angioplasty on the senior Thackeray in 2009.Raj may accompany his cousin to hospital on Friday morning. Relatives, including Uddhav's wife Rashmi, Raj's wife Sharmila and mother Kunda, and maternal uncle Chandrakant Vaidya, among others, will be present, it is learned.Doctors at Lilavati had recommended bypass surgery, but Uddhav was said to be apprehensive about it. While preparations have been made for an angioplasty, a team of doctors will stand by if there is a need for a bypass. It is learned that Dr S Bhattacharya and Dr O Jaiswal will be on standby at the hospital on Friday morning.Sena leader Manohar Joshi and Shivajirao Adhalrao Patil, MP, called on Uddhav to inquire about his health.Following Balasaheb's instructions, Raj was at Uddhav's bedside when he was admitted to Lilavati early this week.Three blockages were detected in the angiography conducted on Uddhav on Monday.Later, Raj drove Uddhav back home in his silver Mercedes. The Thackeray cousins were given a traditional Maharashtrian welcome when they reached Matoshree late Monday evening.Raj refused to speak on his reunion with Uddhav on Wednesday. \"Uddhav's coronary ailment and my visit to Matoshree are not subjects to be discussed publicly. This is our personal matter,'' the MNS chief said in Alibaug. He suggested that the media keep away from the topic, and leave the Thackerays alone.Raj Thackeray was talking to media-persons at Alibaug after presiding over the concluding session of a 3-day MNS workshop for corporators and zilla parishad members.His plain-speak is an indication that the MNS is not keen on drawing political mileage out of the Uddhav-Raj meeting, party watchers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15049345", "title": "Premier college says no funds to teach PG pharma students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: LM College of Pharmacy (LMCP) has told the Admission Committee for Professional Courses (ACPC) that they will not be able to give admissions to students who are granted admission by the panel against the grant-in-aid MPharm seats.Counseling for MPharm seats will begin on Friday. There are total 4,600 seats while only 2,300 students have applied. This means that there are two seats available for each student.The LMCP's missive underlines a major problem being faced by the college. It states that the college has not received grant from the All India Council of Technical Education ( AICTE) since the past five years. The college used to get a grant of Rs 1.5 to Rs 2 crore every year for running postgraduate courses in pharmacy.However, the grant was suspended after the advent of self-financed colleges. The government teachers in the college have since retired and college says that they do not have the money to pay senior faculty members.The LMCP has been writing to the directorate of technical education to convert the PG seats into self-financed but the department has failed to respond. Given the stalemate, the college authorities have thrown in the towel.ACPC, however, has written to the college that they cannot do much in the case as their job is only to grant admission. A panel member told TOI that the problem being faced by the college was genuine and it should be resolved as LMCP is the most prestigious colleges of pharmacy in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053551", "title": "Two looks, the latest fad for heroes in kollywood", "text": "Trends are part of any movie industry and the latest fad in namma Kollywood is for heroes to sport 'two looks' in their upcoming films. While director Hari has gone on record to state that Suriya will have two looks in the sequel to Singam, director Shankar has also planned two looks for Vikram in his movie I. Ajith also has two looks apparently in his Vishnu vardhan film with Nayanthara and Arya follows suit in Selva raghavan's Irandaam Ulagam.So what's the 'other look' all about? Getting fit! If the promos and bytes from directors of any of these films are to go by, these actors have been pumping the iron to get into top shape \u2014 with some even aiming for a six-pack! Vikram has reportedly been working out hard for one of his looks for the Shankar film. Considering he has been into workouts for the last few years, getting into shape should not be too much of an issue for him. With I's poster being released recently, it looks like he's already on his way to the six-pack.Also getting into shape is actor Ajith, who has been working out extensively to lose any excess weight for his Vishnuvardhan film. His weight has always been under the scanner so a fit Ajith will be a boon for fans. Arya has been busy learning martial arts for his movie with Anushka \u2014 and martial arts also require one to be fit.Considering all these heroes are likely to go bare-bodied in their films, it raises the question \u2014 is the macho action hero back on screen? The macho action hero, as compared to the comical one we've seen in recent times, seems to be gaining ground with these new films. And if it spells action and the hero taking his shirt off, then naturally these actors have to be in top shape!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049689", "title": "Spectrum reserve price may be shade lower than Trai's call", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ministerial panel on spectrum may settle for a reserve price on Friday that is marginally short of the telecom regulator's suggestion, amid indications that a decision on issues that are not directly related to the Supreme Court judgment cancelling 122 licences will be taken up later.Sources said the empowered group of ministers (EGoM) was looking at a reserve price of Rs 16,000-17,000 crore as a \"reasonable level\", which would balance the interests of consumers, companies and the government. Through 3G auctions in 2010 the spectrum price for pan-India licence was pegged at Rs 16,751 crore.While Trai had suggested a reserve price of Rs 18,100 crore for 5MHz spectrum in the 1800 Mhz, it had suggested that CDMA operators be given the option of paying 1.3 times this price \u2014 which is roughly Rs 23,500 crore \u2014 to retain spectrum in the 800 Mhz band. For GSM operators, this is pegged at over Rs 36,000 crore for 900 Mhz frequency.In case of spectrum usage charge, the telecom department has suggested a levy of 3% of adjusted gross revenue for spectrum acquired through auction. Those, who are sitting on spectrum beyond the start-up spectrum (4.4 Mhz in case of GSM and 5 Mhz for CDMA) will attract between 3% and 8% levy. The DoT has estimated that an increase in the usage charge by 1% will cost GSM operators an additional Rs 761 crore a year and Rs 77 crore for CDMA players.A decision will be based on an analysis done by the telecom department, which has been look at various scenarios on the reserve price as well as the spectrum usage fee, two areas where the industry is lobbying for a reduction. The decision of the EGoM headed by home minister P Chidambaram will form the basis for a final decision by the Cabinet.As part of the plan, the regulator and the government want operators to shift from the 800 Mhz and 900 Mhz bands to 1800 Mhz. The telecom department is, however, against differential pricing and is batting for a common pricing formula, which will be around Rs 36,000 crore for 5Mhz in the two bands that will be offered for refarming. The department has also trashed an internal committee's recommendation of Rs 21,000 crore spectrum price and is pushing for Trai's suggestion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15050011", "title": "Idol theft on the rise in west Tamil Nadu", "text": "COIMBATORE: It is ironic that a state which boasts of religious fervour has been seeing an increasing number of idol thefts over the years. As many as three idol theft cases have been registered in Western Tamil Nadu between January 1, 2012 and July 15, 2012. At least six panchaloha idols were stolen from three temples in Coimbatore, Tirupur and Namakkal districts and two idols were seized from thieves. Namakkal police arrested four persons in connection with the theft of idols.The Joint Commissioner of the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments Department has 515 temples in Coimbatore, Nilgiris, Tirupur and Erode districts with annual revenue of more than 10,000 rupees under its purview. The remaining 3487 temples with annual revenue less than 10,000 rupees are under the purview of the assistant commissioners of the department.According to police, temples in the western region are relatively safe and secure when compared to the rest of Tamil Nadu as only seven idol theft cases were reported from eight districts. At least eight accused were arrested based on these complaints.\"We are ensuring proper security at the temples in Coimbatore district and have instructed department officials to install CCTVs and burglar alarms in all the important temples. We have formed a 'Temple Protection Force' and deployed 13 persons in temples. We have planned to deploy another 58 persons soon,\" said E S Uma, superintendent of police, Coimbatore district.On June 15, 2012, three panchaloha idols were stolen from Thiruvengadamudaiya Srinivasa Perumal temple at Nadupatti village about 22 km away from Tirupur city. The thieves had disconnected the burglar alarm wire and decamped with Srinivasa Perumal, Sridevi and Poodevi idols. The temple did not have any CCTVs.\"We had no clues about the theft and a special team is working on cracking the case. We will arrest the culprits soon,\" said Asra Garg, SP, Tirupur district. On June 3, 2012, a gang broke open the front door lock of the Kariakaliamman temple at Paduvampalli near Karumathampatti. The gang decamped with a Vinayagar idol, one sovereign gold necklace and silver articles from the temple. The culprits are yet to be nabbed.On March 3, 2012, two panchaloha idols were stolen from the Perumal temple at Perakarainadu in Namakkal district. Police have arrested the four-member gang that committed the theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15050548", "title": "Power pangs hit Tricity", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The rise in demand after a brief dip last week has brought power pangs back to the Tricity. Several areas of Chandigarh, Panchkula and Mohali had to put up with outages on Wednesday, and then make do without electricity for most of Wednesday night, followed by long cuts on Thursday too.Sectors 11, 15, 19, 22, 24, 25, 30, 32, 35, 36C, 38, 44A and 46 of Chandigarh were plunged into darkness for almost the whole night, making humid, hot conditions unbearable.In Panchkula, parts of sectors 2, 4, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 14, 15, 16, 25 and 27 were without electricity for over four hours on Wednesday night.There were outages in Mohali too in phases I, V, VI, VII, VIII, X and XI, besides Sector 71.The snapping of the power supply left residents fuming. Ashok Singh, a resident of Sector 24, Chandigarh said, \"The voltage was so low that even the fans were barely moving. When I called up the electricity department, the officials said that the voltage problem would be resolved by 11pm but the situation was got no better on Thursday too, as no action was taken to rectify the problem.\"\"We thought that the monsoon will bring some relief, as the water level will increase in power generating plants but the situation has not improved,\" said Sandeep Guleria, a resident of phase XI, Mohali.\"It's very difficult to endure whole nights without power at home as it gets really hot without coolers or air conditioners,\" said Rakhi Devi, a resident of phase V, Mohali.\"It was an awful night. If you call up power department officials, they never tell when would the power come. What they do is -- either talk to you rudely or simply bang the phone on you,\" rued Nakul Sood, a resident of Sector 12, Panchkula.Many sectors saw power outages from 12 midnight to 4am on Wednesday and in some sectors there was no light from 10pm to 2am.\"The weather is very humid and it is difficult to make do without air conditioners. We had to sit in our car with the air conditioner on, burning fuel and a hole in our pockets,\" said Vishnu Khushwaha, a resident of Sector 15, Panchkula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15054308", "title": "Deewar between Shibani &amp; Punit in Jhalak!", "text": "This week on Colors TV's dance reality show, Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa, Shibani Dandekar and Punit find themselves in a predicament.Judges Madhuri Dixit , Karan Johar and Remo D'Souza have given the two a tough challenge this week. There will be a wall between Shibani and Punit while they perform and the two will not be able to see one another during the entire dance routine! But Shibani seeks solace in choreographer Punit's abilities, \"Having Punit dance next to me is like having moral support. Honestly, I think I would feel lost without him by my side\".And trust Punit to come up with something innovative! This week, he will introduce the concept of theatrical hip hop to the maha munch. Both he and Shibani will showcase the story of how today's generation falls in love over e-mails and chat. This act comes with its own pros and cons because both Shibani and Punit need to have immaculate co-ordination, know their steps by heart without faltering a wee bit and use the audience as a means to connect and perform.But as they say, when the going gets tough, the tough gets going! We're sure both Shibani and Punit will prove their mettle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15052720", "title": "PM's panel to study mobile tower radiation impact", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has decided to set up an expert panel to chart out a time-bound action plan for an in-depth study of the impact of radiation emanating from cell phone towers on human health and ecology. The move came after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh directed the department of science and technology to conduct the study.The committee, comprising officials and experts from the departments of telecom and science and technology, Indian Council of Medical Research, CSIR, IITs and telecom operators, will suggest a new set of guidelines to eliminate health hazards of radiation from cell phone towers.The issue was flagged by minister of state for science and technology Ashwani Kumar after members of the scientific community told him that there was a need to have an India-specific study. A high-level meeting on July 3 decided to constitute a panel for the study. Kumar said, \"Time-bound action plan has been finalised as per the directive of the PM.\"The DoT and cell phone operators have been claiming there is not enough evidence to prove that \"exposure to radiation\" can adversely impact human health and ecology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15053200", "title": "Pawar not a petty leader to seek No.2 position: NCP", "text": "NEW DELHI: The NCP has said that the issue of Sharad Pawar's position as No.2 in the Cabinet is being blown out of proportion, while stating that the party is unhappy with some issues and has conveyed this to the Prime Minister.However, the party has blamed a section of the Congress for misleading the media on the issue and planting wrong stories on the standoff in the name of sources.Addressing media after a crucial meeting of the party, NCP leader Praful Patel said Sharad Pawar has raised some important issues regarding the running of coalition and governance in a communication to Prime Minister on Thursday evening.The party felt that the government should be more decisive and more focussed on issues that concern the people to gear up for the next elections, Patel said.Both the Prime Minister and UPA chiarperson Sonia Gandhi have already discussed these issues with the NCP chief, he said.While the Prime Minister called Sharad Pawar on Thursday evening, Sonia Gandhi met him on Friday morning and discussed these issues, Praful Patel said.The NCP leader, however, evaded a direct reply on the reports of resignation.Commenting on the issue of No.2 slot in the Cabinet, Praful Patel said that it is not dependent on the numbers the party has in the Parliament but on the stature of Sharad Pawar.If the seating position was dependent on the numbers Sharad Pawar would not be sitting next to Sonia Gandhi, he said.Defending Pawar, he said that the NCP supremo is not such a petty leader to raise such a small issue in the media.The NCP, meanwhile, has accused a section of the Congress of misleading the media on the current standoff between the two parties.Praful Patel made a direct attack on its ally and said that some Congress leaders were intentionally planting stories and rumours in the media in the name of sources.He said the NCP would be meeting again on Monday to discuss the issues.The NCP strongly feels it is time to gear up for the next elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15050572", "title": "Haryana's investment-friendly image takes a hit", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Labour unrest in Gurgaon is not something new but Wednesday's arson and violence at Manesar's Maruti plant has triggered a debate on Haryana's claims of being one of the best investment-friendly states of the country.The millennium city has witnessed at least five big unrests in the last three years, which according to industry experts, have now slowly started spoiling Haryana's investment-friendly image besides causing losses in crores of rupees to the exchequer.\"If industry workers are on warpath, indulge in violence and force a shutdown, then these things do get noticed. You may shrug off these violent incidents as one-in-a-blue-moon incident but your investment-friendly image does get hurt,\" said Vishnu Goel, vice-president, Haryana chambers of commerce and industry.\"Where else have you seen a general manager being burnt alive inside a factory? Or where else have you seen hundreds of workers being lathicharged like they were animals? Only in Gurgaon,\" added Goel.According industry experts, Haryana has been trying and also attracting a lot of investment from abroad but such incidents might affect the flow of investments to the state.\"Even Japanese nationals, who were inside the plant were also hurt in Wednesday's violence. What kind of message Haryana wants to send to the foreign investors?\" said Bhushan Goel, Karnal industries association.The experts believe that Haryana needs a high level probe to understand in depth the reasons behind the labour unrest in Gurgaon.\"Suppressing these unrests would not solve the problem. The state needs to inquire the real causes behind the unrest so that a permanent solution could be found,\" added Bhushan.The incident has also opposition parties breathing down Haryana CM Bhupinder Hooda's neck.Indian National Lok Dal national president Om Prakash Chautala said he feared Maruti might shift its base from Haryana.\"When a state can't guarantee you safety, the best way out is to seek it elsewhere. I am afraid, Maruti might leave Haryana,\" said Chautala on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049135", "title": "Held driver not real accused: Cop probe", "text": "MUMBAI: A court on Thursday rejected applications filed in a 2007 Marine Drive mishap which was reinvestigated after the victim's family told the court that the arrested driver was not the real accused.Following court directions, last month, the police conducted a fresh probe and submitted a report, which corroborated with the family's version. The family also filed two applications, one praying for a fresh FIR based on the report and the other seeking confiscation of passports of the two alleged real culprits, Umer Basar and his brother Uzair Basar. The court, however, rejected the applications.The family's advocate Patil said, \"We will know whether the court had taken cognizance or rejected the police report. only once the detailed order copy is made available,\" he said. The victim's son, Faraaz Dharamsey, filed an application seeking the detailed order copy. \"We may file a revision application. We may also file a writ petition in the Bombay HC.\"On March 23, 2007, Shabbir Dharamsey (44) and his wife Nadia (42) were going to have ice cream after dinner when a speeding car rammed into their scooter. Nadia was flung from the scooter and landed on the bonnet of the car and the accused continued to drive at high speed with an attempt to get rid of her. Nadia's hair was stuck on the broken windshield and she even eventually thrown off. While she was rushed to Bombay Hospital, Dharamsey was found after half an hour. He died after being taken to hospital.Faraaz said that the arrested driver, Farhan Mansoor Ahmed, was not the real accused as his mother, Nadia, had clearly seen four teenaged boys in the car. On November 21 last year, Ahmed, who is out on bail, had filed an affidavit last year saying he was not the real accused. After gathering information from Ahmed, Faraaz tracked down the accused through social networking sites. According to the Ahmed, Uzair was driving the car and was accompanied by three other teenagers. Umer had allegedly abetted Ahmed to take the blame on behalf of Uzair, who was sent to South Africa soon after the incident. Another witness, who had earlier stated that he was in the car while Ahmed was driving it, had also filed an affidavit stating that he was paid Rs 20,000 to give a false statement.BOX: On March 23, 2007, Shabbir Dharamsey (44) and his wife Nadia (42) were going to have ice cream after dinner, when a speeding car rammed into their scooter. Nadia was flung off the scooter and landed on the bonnet of the car. The accused continued to drive at high speed to throw Nadia off the bonnet. Nadia's hair was stuck in the broken windshield and she was eventually thrown off. She was rushed to Bombay Hospital. Dharamsey was found after 30 minutes. He died after being taken to a hospital. Their son Faraaz, said however said that Nadia had clearly seen four teenaged boys in the car.Farhan Mansoor Ahmed the driver arrested and later released on bail was not the real accused as Nadia had clearly seen four teenaged boys in the car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15048838", "title": "NMC asks staff to be courteous with doctors during inspections", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking serious cognisance of the TOI news about NMC medical officers on inspection duty misbehaving with gynaecologists, paediatricians and radiologists while checking implementation of the PCPNDT Act, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) deputy commissioner has directed all inspectors to behave well with doctors.NMC deputy commissioner Sanjay Kakde on Thursday called a meeting of all 20 medical officers in the presence of Dr Bhavana Sonkusle, nodal officer for PCPNDT. He directed them to behave themselves during inspections. They have also been asked to restrict themselves to the procedure and not engage in any arrogant dialogues.Dr Sonkusle told TOI that Kakde has asked his staff to be as polite as possible to doctors, change their attitude in dealing with them and adhere only to the inspection. \"The deputy commissioner has asked the entire team not to misbehave or be arrogant to them and not be rude even by mistake,\" she said.The corporation has also decided to hold meetings with the heads of gynaecology and radiology associations and the Indian Medical Association to sort out differences and evolve ways for better cooperation on both sides. Dr Sonkusle said her staff was expected to inspect hospitals and sonography centres by July 30 as per government directives.\"Of course, officers would continue to as meticulous as possible in checking every document and infrastructure as laid down in the act. There will be no concession on that front. My people are also doing their job and in fact claim that doctors keep them waiting and do not cooperate,\" she said.However, she agreed that both sides need to do their job properly and hence need to sit together to devise better ways to be effective.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "15050018", "title": "Teacher burns student with cigarette", "text": "Nadia: A seven-year-old boy was burnt with a cigarette for not doing his homework. The child's guardian has lodged a complaint but police could not arrest the teacher as he has gone into hiding. As a student of class two did not work out his home works, a teacher of a Government school burnt him slightly with cigarette. His guardian lodged a complaint with police. Police stated that the teacher was absconded.The boy, a Class-II student of Nil Halder (7) , a student of class two of Anandanagar Primary School, was punished by Upendranath Roy on July 13 after the latter found that the boy had not completed his assignment. He flew into a rage and burnt the boy on his hand and back. and resident of Anandanagarunder Dhubulia Police station in Nadia appeared his school on 13 July allegedly without completing his home works. So one of teachers of the School Upendranath Roy allegedly burnt him slightly on his hand and back with cigerate.On returning home, the child narrated the entire episode to his relative and guardian Manik Biswas. Locals said that the boy lost his mother a few years back. He stays with the relative as his stepmother doesn't quite like him.Coincidentally, Biswas and Roy are neighbours. There has been persistent dispute between the two over a piece of land, said locals. While he was crying on return his home, his guardian asked the reason and came to know about the happening.Manik Biswas, a relative to the boy, with whom Nil stays, lodged the complaint on Thursday, police said. But the question came up why so late occurred in lodging the complaint.Roy, however, denied having burnt the boy with a cigarette. the accused teacher is a resident of Anandanagar and neighbour to Manik. He said,\"I did not give any such punishment to him. It is a conspiracy. Though neighbours but me and Manik share a to Manik and we have a bitter relationship. The incident has been fabricated to frame me,\" he said. That was why , he fabricated the matter against me and lodged complaint with police..\"When police went to the school on Thursday, the teacher was not present. Police suspect that he has gone into hiding following the complaint.Police went to the school on Thursday to investigate the matter. But the alleged teacher was abscent from school Police said that the teacher was absconded.According to the local , the way of punishment was brutal. Above all no teacher should snoke in the school campus.Nil's mother died a few years back . His father Uttam married for the second time. The step mother allegedly does not like him. So he stays with Manik, a relative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15048750", "title": "Blame game over delay in enrollment numbers", "text": "NAGPUR: A week after TOI exposed how thousands of engineering students were being allowed to appear for exams without enrolment numbers by flouting norms, Nagpur University officials went into damage-control mode and passed the buck on the Shikshan Shulka Samiti (SSS) for the mess. Even engineering colleges have joined them in blaming government agencies like Directorate of Technical Education (DTE), apart from SSS.Controller of Examinations (CoE), Siddharth Kane, told TOI that in the last couple of weeks, they had allotted enrolment numbers to 5,000 students and 2,000 were still in process. He also blamed the colleges for not showing urgency in sending their list of students to NU for early allotment of this important number that remains with them forever.\"As per rules, students who have not been assigned enrolment numbers are ineligible to appear for exams. However, recognizing that the process for engineering admissions takes more than a year to complete, it was decided by the NU Board of Examination (BoE) in March 2008 that students without enrolment numbers will be allowed to appear provisionally for exams up to fourth semester with their result withheld,'' the CoE clarified.Representing engineering colleges, director of Tulsiram Gaikwad Group of Institutions, Mohan Gaikwad, said the admission process for engineering involved verification of documents by the DTE, which takes about six months. \"This is followed by approval of admissions by the SSS which takes a disproportionately long period, because of which colleges are unable to apply for enrolment numbers,\" he said.Kane, however, refuted colleges' claim stating that they were supposed to use interim period to complete the process of applying for enrolment numbers. \"Of the 21,000 students who appeared for the exam, we withheld the results of 7,000 since they did not have enrolment numbers. Only after this, the colleges started applying for enrolment numbers,'' he said.After TOI first reported the issue on July 13 as to how NU flouted norms by allowing thousands of engineering students to appear in exams, some students from Tulsiram Gaikwad College approached TOI complaining that they were unable to apply for re-evaluation as they had not been assigned enrolment numbers. They also raised concerns about under-evaluation, stating that there have been instances in the past in which students' marks were increased by almost 17 after revaluation, indicating that papers were not being evaluated properly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15051003", "title": "Journalists stage dharna in Arunachal", "text": "GUWAHATI: The media fraternity in Arunachal Pradesh on Thursday staged a sit-in in front of the state assembly building in Itanagar demanding immediate arrest of the culprits involved in firing at a lady journalist last Sunday.Around 1,000 people expressing solidarity with the journalists joined the dharna voluntarily for four hours while voting for the presidential poll was going on inside the assembly.The protesters raised anti-government slogans and demanded immediate arrest of the culprits involved in firing at Tongam Rina, associate editor of Arunachal Times, the oldest English daily in the state.All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) legislature party leader Laeta Umbrey also joined the scribes in their protest against the incident.An unidentified gunman shot at and critically injured Rina on Sunday last while she was entering her office in Itanagar. She is recuperating in the hospital at the moment and is stated to be out of danger.A delegation of mediapersons led by Arunachal Press Club president Taba Ajum and Arunachal Pradesh Union of Working Journalists general secretary Dodum Yangfo called on Governor General J J Singh at Raj Bhavan here on Wednesday and submitted a memorandum.Interacting with the scribes, the governor stated that any kind of violence is against the interest of the state and its future generations. No society can develop and improve socio-economically if there is no peace, he said. Arunachal Pradesh has been a peaceful state and must remain so, Singh said, adding all of us have a stake in ensuring communal harmony and peace as this alone can result in prosperity.Condemning the recent incident of violence against a journalist, the governor said that it is a challenge and we must not shy away from our responsibility. All-out efforts are being made to nab the perpetrators of the crime and help from the public would be vitally important in this regard.Assuring that corrective steps will be taken, including patrolling and security around media houses, Singh said that each member of the society has a role to play and they must sincerely do their duty.Expressing concern over the repeated attacks on mediapersons, the delegation appealed to the governor to intervene and ensure justice to Rina.The delegation also appealed to the governor to intervene and take suitable steps for the safety and security of the lives and properties of the media fraternity, which has been working under constant threats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15049257", "title": "Father gets ransom call after computer parts trader goes missing", "text": "CHENNAI: A 28-year-old man, who sells computer spare parts in Perambur, was kidnapped by a gang on Wednesday, police said.Gnanaprakasam, father of G Ilangovan who has gone missing, told police that he recieved a ransom call on Wednesday night. The caller demanded 3 lakh for Ilangovan's release. Police said Ilangovan left home for his shop on Wednesday morning and never returned home. \"As Ilangovan often returned home late in the night, his elderly parents didn't suspect anything. Ilangovan spoke to his father Gnanaprakasam once on Wednesday before he went missing,\" a police officer said.Police sources said Ilangovan may have borrowed money from some people for his business. \"We are looking at various angles, including a money deal gone wrong. Special teams have been formed to nab the culprits. A team is trying to trace the location of Ilangovan's mobile phone,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049307", "title": "'Where will we go after our building is razed?", "text": "MUMBAI: Ahead of the partial demolition of their building over illegal construction, affected residents of Green Heritage near Kharghar's Central Park said neither the builder nor Cidco cared to find out if they needed any help with resettlement.\"Where will we go if a portion of the residential area is pulled down, besides the club house and extensions of shops?\" argued Manas Kumar, secretary of the residents' association. Cidco is expected to carry out the demolition in a day or two.Cidco is all set to raze to the ground certain portions of the building under commercial and residential use besides full demolition of its club house very soon.Anil Patil, chief controller of unauthorized constructions (Cidco), said of the total 1,575 sq m of illegal construction, the builder has used 1,200 sq meter for residential construction and the rest for shops and the club house. \"We will start the demolition in a day or two. If the builder surrenders a certain portion, we will go ahead accordingly. Otherwise, we will take action on our own,\" he said, pointing out that the builder might have to surrender 14-16 flats. The cost of the demolition would also have to be borne by the builder.It may be recalled that recently the City and Industrial D eve l o p m e n t Corporation (Cidco) won its battle in the high court against Abhishek Builders &amp; Developers for irregularities in originally approved construction. Cidco refused to issue occupation certificate after no action from builder to regularize by removing illegally built areas following which matter went to court. While endorsing Cidco's action, the HC's message to buyers was that those who get carried away by brochures and advertisements and buy flats without inquiries cannot seek the court's help.Till the time of actual demolition there are chances that the builder may approach apex court, either requesting a stay or challenging the verdict, or even may come forward to surrender certain floors for demolition and help residents. According to Cidco officials, the builder illegally extended the construction area of each floor horizontally by 1.5 m, thus converting over 1550 sq mt over and above the permitted floor space index into a saleable space.\"Due to structural problems in demolition, the builder has to figure out how much area on the top floors can be demolished to remove the illegally built area so that the building can be regularized. May be the top two or three floors, which accommodate up to 16 flats,\" said a Cidco official. The building has 140 flats in four wings, with two flats on each floor.Meanwhile residents said they struggled to get electric and water supply. \"Why did Cidco not notice the unauthorized changes while the building was under construction? We feel betrayed and are very worried now\" they added.Officials said the affected residents and shop owners could seek compensation from the builder or approach the consumer court, if needed.\"Affected residents can approach the consumer court to get back their money,\" an official said. What about residents' allegation that Cidco did not monitor the building's construction? An official said this was not possible. \"The builder must follow the plan approved by Cidco or face action as per law.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15049744", "title": "Under fire for teachers' hiring, BBAU postpones BoM meeting", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after the Indian President issued a show-cause notice to the Babasaheb Bhimaro Ambedkar University (BBAU), the university termed the notice as 'baseless' on Thursday. The university, however, postponed the Board of Management (BoM) scheduled for July 22. The decision comes in wake of the media highlighting the appointments of 42 teachers in the university against the norms.The BoM was scheduled to ratify the appointment of these 42 teachers. The issue of confirmation and extension to these teachers figured prominently on the proposed agenda.On the sudden postponement of BoM meeting, university's public relation officer BB Malik said, \"The meeting has been postponed after the university received a letter from the Ministry of Human Resource and Development (MHRD) asking us to not hold the meeting scheduled on July 22. The next date is not yet decided.''Acting on the numerous complaints made by members of the BoM, MPs, and the university's teachers' welfare association, the President (who is Visitor to BBAU) has issued a show-cause notice to the acting vice-chancellor Prof B Hanumaiah. The President has sought explanation why an inspection or inquiry was not made into the administrative lapses and non-compliance of the directions of principal executive authority, BoM.The complainants have alleged that the appointment of 42 teachers was made by the V-C without BoM's approval. BBAU teachers' welfare association has alleged that the V-C has amended the statutes/ordinances relating to eligibility and appointment of teachers by exercising emergency powers in violation of the rules and regulations.According to the BoM members, the V-C exercised his emergency powers in appointing 42 teachers at the rank of assistant professor, associate professor and professor. The members said, \"This is in contravention of the university's rules and regulations. BoM is the sole and final authority for appointment of teachers.'' BoM members said the board in its 40th meeting held on May 12, 2011, had deferred these appointments which were again placed in its 41st meeting on September 29, 2011. The matter was resolved after it was decided that a three-member committee comprising two academicians at the rank of professor to be nominated by the VCs of JNU or Delhi University and Pondicherry University, and one representative of the UGC of the level of joint secretary, will be constituted. The committee was supposed to submit the report within two months for consideration of BoM.But the members alleged that the university took no action in constituting the committee. Instead, the university placed the appointments of 42 teachers before BoM in its 42nd meeting held on April 21.Besides, the meeting will take a call on the confirmation of minutes of 41st and 42nd meeting of the left over items. The BoM will also declare result of teachers promoted under the Career Advancement Scheme (CAS).Teachers' association gives representation to President: BBAU teachers' welfare association has given a memorandum to the President seeking her intervention in the university affairs. Teachers' association has alleged that after Prof Hanumaiah took over as the V-C in 2007, no rules and regulations have been followed. The most blatant is the appointment of 42 teachers which was passed without the approval of BoM, association alleged.Association members have also raised the case of Kamal Jaiswal, associate professor, department of applied animal sciences. The members alleged that the V-C has kept him under suspension from March 25, 2009, by exercising powers under statute 28(1). But according to this statute, the V-C was required to place Jaiswal's case before BoM for ratification. His case was not presented on April 16, 2009, but was included in the BoM on May 29, 2009, after Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court passed directions in this regard. It has also been alleged that the V-C constituted a complaint committee to look into Jaiswal's case without the BoM approval.\"Though Prof Hanumaiah's powers were seized in March, he continued to take policy decisions and called the BoM meeting. This clearly hints at manipulations being made by him,'' said association members. The association has demanded removal of Prof Hanumaiah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "gadchiroli", "code": "15052291", "title": "Encounter between CRPF and Naxals in Gadchiroli", "text": "GADCHIROLI: An encounter broke out between CRPF jawans and Maoists in Kaneri forest in Dhanora taluka of the district on Friday.The firing between the two sides began at around 7.30 am and was still continuing, police said.Acting on a tip-off that there was a Naxal hideout in the forest area, jawans of CRPF 192 battalion rushed to the site.On seeing the forces, the ultras started firing at them and in retaliation police also opened fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "gill road", "code": "15050837", "title": "Woman killed as truck rams bike", "text": "GILL ROAD: A woman was killed and her one-year-old daughter injured after a truck hit a motorcycle on which she was riding pillion on Gill Road, near Arora Palace, on Thursday morning. Anita Sharma, 32, along with her daughter Shristi Sharma, was going to meet a relative on the motorcycle driven by her brother-in-law when the speeding truck hit them.SHO of Shimlapuri Balwinder Singh said, \"Anita, a resident of Ambedkar Nagar, died on the spot. Her daughter received minor injuries and is admitted to a hospital.\"The truck driver, Daljeet Singh, is on the run and a case has been registered against him. The body was handed over to her family after a postmortem. Ram Sharma, her husband, is a supervisor in a factory here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "15054300", "title": "Planet discovered 'right at Earth's front door' could harbour life", "text": "MELBOURNE: Astronomers at the University of California, Santa Cruz, and the Carnegie Institution of Washington believe they have discovered a planet right at Earth's front door that may be capable of supporting human life.The planet is 22 light years away, previously thought to be 20 light years, and is formally known as Gliese 581g, but lead researcher Professor Steven Vogt told News.com.au that he has since named it after his wife.\"I called it 'Zarmina's world'. It's not just in our backyard, it's right in our face,\" Professor Vogt said.The study, which was released to News.com.au this week, showed that the planet was twice the size of earth. It is known as a \"super Earth\" due to its ability to hold on to its gassy atmosphere, which increases its chances of retaining liquid.Whether this liquid is frozen and stored under the surface or flowing freely across the planet, the researchers can't say.The scientist from the University of California said that the planet has \"churchly weather\" similar to what we experience in Australia.\"From the energy bounds and brightness of the star we can tell that the temperatures would be just about right to stand on the surface and feel the warmth of the alien star on your face, like standing in the park in Sydney ,\" he explained.However the researchers were unable to determine what the surface of the planet is like, Professor Vogt said.The planet exists in what is known as the \"Goldilocks Zone\" - an area near earth that isn't too hot, or cold but is just right for sustaining life.Prof Vogt is sure that scientists will eventually be able to send out probes in search for advanced civilisations\"If you get lucky and find civilisations, you'd be able to have a two-way conversation within a human life-time. You don't want to have to spend 1000 years waiting to hear 'wazzup', and then another 1000 years before they get to hear not much, and you?'\" he said.The researcher said after making first contact, scientists may receive an answer within 44 years.\"Within a few hundred years you could be able to receive picture postcards from an iPhone or Android and be able to listen to what they sound like, and sample their way of life from a spacecraft,\" he said.\"There is something out there,\" Prof Vogt stated.The study will be published in European astrophysics journal, Astronomisch Naschrischten (AEST).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15049436", "title": "219 villages being supplied water by tanker", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Deficient rains in the state has forced the state government to supply water to 219 villages of Rajkot, Jamnagar, Junagadh and Porbandar by tankers.The state government, in reply to a question by Manavadar MLA Jawahar Chavda, said that it was forced to supply water through tankers as the groundwater levels in the villages has dropped drastically. About 209 water tankers were pressed into service in these four districts.Chavda sought to know the measures taken in Saurashtra following scanty rain. The government replied saying that in seven districts of the region, several villages were dependent on groundwater and about 3, 613 tubewells were operational in the region.Also in 144 villages, 164 new borewells were constructed and 4,447 hand pumps were repaired in 1,444 villages in the region. The government has been supplying 137 crore litres of water daily to 3,886 villages, 56 nagarpalikas and four municipal corporations in the region.The government said that about four crore litres of water was supplied from the Mahi-Pariej project. The government claimed that though the water in Fulzar dam was reducing, the government has begun supplying water to 28 villages from Fulzar Kotda dam.It also said that with water levels in Dholidhawaja dam falling, the administration was forced to pump additional Narmada water from Dhanki into Dholidhawaja dam for supply to Surendranagar and Wadhwan. About four crore litres of water are supplied from the dam daily, said the government.A day before the assembly session, the government had announced the formation of a seven-member ministerial committee to evaluate the situation and recommend policy measures to ensure supplies of drinking water, fodder, power besides monitoring district-wise implementation of policy decisions taken. The first meeting of this committee led by finance minister Vajubhai Vala is to be held on July 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15050843", "title": "Kaka wanted to remake Aradhanaa", "text": "LUDHIANA: There was a possibility that super hits from Rajesh Khanna's blockbuster 'Aradhana' could have topped the Bollywood charts once again if he was around for some more time.BRS Nagar resident Kumar Sahil, who shared the silver screen with Kaka in his 2009 debut movie 'Kash Mere Hote', claimed, \"He had planned to produce a remake of his super hit 'Aradhana' with me in the lead.\"Sahil's father Gulshan Kumar, who was in constant touch with Khanna till last week, said: \"He had decided not to alter the original lyrics and music and had told me he would take Akshay's help to promote the film.\" Gulshan, a businessman, and the superhero had reportedly become good friends after they met in 2007 through a mutual friend, a producer. Gulshan said he had taken Khanna to pay obeisance at Golden Temple in Amritsar in 2009.When the entire nation is mourning the death of the charismatic Rajesh Khanna , it is but natural for people who knew him to miss him all the more.City-based Kumar Sahil was fortunate to have spent quality time under Khanna's supervision as a debutant actor during the shoot of his movie between 2007 and 2009.\"He used to call me 'Prince of Ludhiana' and wanted to add the flamboyance of this city to Bollywood,\" recalled Sahil. He says it was Khanna who took him to Bollywood and was even willing to produce a second movie with him in the lead.\"Kakaji was like my father and I would always miss his warm hug and scolding. He wanted to make a film with me and Akshay Kumar in the cast, but the latter's tight schedule and dates were a problem. He even introduced me to Akshay over a lunch meeting in Mumbai,\" said Sahil. \"I stayed with him whenever I went to Mumbai and even he stayed with us when he came to Ludhiana in 2009. But, when I last called him around two-and-half months ago, he took five minutes to recollect everything and identify me due to his poor health,\" he added.\"He had helped me many times going out of his way. He took me to leading directors and producers to discuss scripts. Whenever I made any mistake, he used to tell me \"Abhi tere dad ko phone kar raha hoon' and used to advice me to avoid parties and remain cautious about my image,\" said Sahil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15052857", "title": "Opinion leaders of The Bengal's board meeting", "text": "Opinion leaders of The Bengal, an NGO, came together at a city hotel on Monday for their board meeting.Speaking at the occasion, secretary general of the organization, Sundeep Bhutoria, said, \"It is a proud moment for the organization that two of it's board members, Roopa Ganguly and Md Mansoor Alam have received national recognition for their work and talent.\" Dona Ganguly, Jogen Chowdhury and Bickram Ghosh were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "model town extension", "code": "15050869", "title": "Raid at vehicle inspector's home reveals fraud racket in Ludhiana", "text": "MODEL TOWN EXTENSION: A raid by vigilance bureau on the Model Town Extension residence of motor vehicle inspector (MVI) Rakesh Kumar Gupta on Wednesday night has opened a can of worms.VB (EO wing) superintendent of police Snehdeep Sharma said they have arrested Ram Sarup, alias Sonu, a resident of Jawahar Nagar who worked as an agent for Gupta. It was found during preliminary investigation that Gupta had set up an office at his place too from where he issued bogus driving licenses and fitness certificates to unfit transport vehicles.\"It was also found that he had issued a fitness certificate to a school bus that had caused an accident a few months ago. It was kept at Khamano police station in Fatehgarh Sahib district. Without verifying the vehicle facts, Gupta, who is on the run, issued certificates,\" the SP added. Besides, he has many properties, including a few in the city's posh localities. Some documents, government stamps, computer, printer and scanner, which were recovered from his residential office, and Rs 35 lakh have been seized, he said.Regarding the recovery of 1.3 kilogram of opium, the SP added the matter was being investigated by Model Town police station. SHO of Model Town Ashok Kumar said, \"The opium is in semi-solid state and a powder has also been recovered which the accused mixed with opium.\"Meanwhile, district transport officer Manpreet Singh Chatwal said though he was overseeing Gupta's department, it was basically run independently. \"It is part of a board for issuing certificates and driving licenses. I have apprised the authorities of the matter,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053896", "title": "Iconic Superman and Batman costumes to go under the hammer", "text": "Hollywood's most iconic costumes including those from Christopher Reeve's Superman to Peter Mayhew's Chewbacca are set to be auctioned off later this month in Los Angeles, California .The infamous costumes, including the original 1978 Superman outfit worn by C Reeve, Michael Keaton's 1989 Batman ensemble and the hairy Chewbacca mask, will be featured at the Treasures on the Hollywood Vaults auction on July 28, the Daily Mail reported.The original 'Superman: The Movie' costume worn by Reeve will be auctioned for an expected price of 60,000 dollars to 80,000 dollars.Keaton's Batman costume with its rubber bodysuit, cape and cowl will sell for an estimated 30,000 dollars to 50,000 dollars.The hairy Chewbacca mask from Star Wars is expected to be auctioned off for 60,000 dollars to 80,000 dollars, while Hugh Jackman's Wolverine claws in the 'X-Men' series could go for 20,000 dollars to 30,000 dollars.Even Jim Carrey's costume as The Riddler in the 1995 film 'Batman Forever' and Iam McKellen's Magneto costume from 'X-Men' is expected to go for the same price.Russell Crowe's chest armour from the movie 'Gladiator' will be auctioned for 15,000 dollars to 20,000 dollars.Also, Gene Wilder's very purple suit as Willy Wonka will also be featured at the Los Angeles event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15051019", "title": "New city SSP seeks people's support for reducing crime in city", "text": "GUWAHATI: Taking charge as the new senior superintendent of police (SSP) of Guwahati, Anand Prakash Tiwari urged the people of the city to be proactive in informing police about crimes and criminals. He assumed charge as the new city SSP on Thursday.Tiwari said his aim is to provide oriented policing for Guwahati residents.Assuring easy accessibility for the denizens, he said,\"I am available in the service of the commoners at all times. They can come to my office or residence regarding any complaint or to provide any information, which can help in reducing crime in Guwahati.\"After the July 9 Guwahati molestation incident, the state government transferred SSP Apurba Jibon Baruah following public outrage and appointed Tiwari as the new SSP for Guwahati. He was serving as Sonitpur SP. Baruah has been transferred as SP of Sonitpur district.Tiwari urged the public to call him on his mobile phone number 9435351112 or contact him on social networking site Facebook to exchange any information, which can help in better policing.On his first day as city SSP, Tiwari chalked out plans to tackle the deteriorating law and order in the city with senior police officers . He took stock of the security in different parts of the city from the officers, saying he will put thrust on tightening up vigil in public places like pubs and bars .The new SSP also met junior police officers. \"A concerted effort from all is required to check crime. I seek the support of the people of Guwahati. If they extend their full support to me, I assure them good policing\", he said.Meanwhile, the Gauhati high court rejected the anticipatory bail plea by the counsellor of Gaurav Jyoti Neog, the TV journalist who is accused of instigating the molesters on July 9. The court also asked the police to submit case diaries of the molestation incident by July 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15048939", "title": "Delhi University to issue more OBC cutoff lists", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University has decided to come up with more cutoff lists for the OBC category as many seats are still vacant in several colleges.The university notified on Thursday that colleges would announce the 8th cutoff list for OBC candidates to various undergraduate courses on July 21. The eligible candidates will be allowed to secure their seats and pay admission fees from July 21-23.According to university sources, there may be more such lists if the seats for OBC candidates are not filled up under the 8th list. While the majority of campus colleges are expected to close their OBC admission in the 8th list, many off-campus colleges will keep admissions open.DU on Thursday also announced the third cutoff list for admissions to BA/ BCom programmes of the non-collegiate women's education board for the academic year 2012-13.For general category candidates, BA Programme has been closed for admissions in Janki Devi Memorial College and Sri Guru Gobind Singh College of Commerce, while BCom has been closed in Hans Raj, Sri Guru Gobind Singh College of Commerce, Kalindi and Janki Devi Memorial College.Seats for the reserved categories are, however, open for admissions across all 13 centres in Hansraj, Lakshmibai, Kalindi, Shyama Prasad Mukherjee, Jesus and Mary, Maitreyi, Sidharth International School, Maharaja Agrasen, Janki Devi Memorial, Mata Sundri, Bharati, Sri Guru Gobind Singh College of Commerce and PGDAV College.The non-collegiate board runs these courses for women in these centres. These courses are different from that of School of Open Learning as the students need to attend classes which are conducted on Saturdays, Sundays and during vacation of the colleges.The courses have to be completed in 50 teaching days and the students sit for the regular DU exams along with other college students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15050563", "title": "Pooja\u2019s DNA samples to be matched with her brother\u2019s", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT police have decided to match Pooja's DNA samples with her brother's to confirm the identity of the partially charred body, which was recovered from Hoshiarpur district on July 17.Cops have collected the DNA samples of Prem Chand with the help of doctors of Government Multi-speciality Hospital (GMH), Sector 16, and sent these, along with Pooja's, to Central Forensic Science Laboratory ( CFSL), Sector 36, on Thursday. Chand is the only surviving member of her family.The decision was taken following the suggestion of a special panel of doctors that conducted the postmortem. It had said that the body was beyond recognition as it was badly charred. A senior police officer said the body was identified with her clothes.Besides, the doctors had told the investigative agency that DNA test would strengthen the case during the court trial.The doctors could not ascertain the exact cause of death as the body's upper portion was burnt.Meanwhile, a police team has been dispatched to Hoshiarpur to recover her cell-phone, purse and other belongings as well as the cloth that was used to strangulate her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053404", "title": "Ekti Asharey Gappo is a dream project!", "text": "An aspiring director comes to the city with a good script, but no producer wants to entertain him as they think it won't work. Everyone tells him to think of stories which will work. He is forced to do so under the circumstances and he churns out one story after another which are made into films and become big hits. One day he does come across someone who is willing to finance his dream project. What happens after that?The story of Ekti Asharey Gappo which will hit the floors from 25th July goes something like that. The film which will be directed by Arindam Chakrabarty and produced by Angel Cinevision &amp; Media Pvt Ltd will star Rudranil Ghosh, Abir Chatterjee, Payel Sarkar, Sampurna Lahiri, Kharaj Mukherjee and others.The announcement of this new film took place at Taj Bengal on Wednesday in presence of a few members of the cast and crew of the film. Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15051002", "title": "Three others from NE contested polls earlier", "text": "GUWAHATI: P A Sangma is not the only candidate with northeastern roots contesting the elections for the post of the President for the first time. There were others from the region who joined the race for the post of the President in the past.One person each from Assam and Meghalaya contested the presidential polls, but in vain. George Gilbert Swell and Nagendra Narayan Das contested for the post of President in 1992 and 1957 respectively.Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed is the only person from the northeast to have become the President in 1974.Nagendra Narayan Das contested the election against Rajendra Prasad in 1957.Born in Goalpara district of Assam in 1907, he passed the ICS exam in 1929, and in 1930, became the head of department and then the additional secretary to the state government. But after an altercation with his seniors, he resigned from his post.\"My father didn't agree to some of the policies at that time. After he quit his post in the government, he refused the benefits of a retired governmental official. In 1957, he tried to bring some changes by contesting the presidential elections. 'India is in Real Danger Today' was his slogan of his campaign,\" said his son Kanu Das.In 1992, George Gilbert Swell, a Khasi and a former academician contested against Shankar Dayal Sharma along with Ram Jethmalani and Kaka Joginder Singh. Before contesting the presidential elections in 1992, Swell was elected to the Lok Sabha from the autonomous districts of the state in 1962, 1967 and 1971. He was again elected to the Lok Sabha from the Shillong constituency in 1984 and 1996.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "atam nagar", "code": "15050755", "title": "A sketch for Kaka's fan, from his grandson", "text": "ATAM NAGAR: It is said an artist's way of expression is his art. When Goel family of Atam Nagar heard of Rajesh Khanna's demise on Wednesday, Ashish Goel, a 19-year-old undergraduate student, took out his sketch book and made a portrait of the superstar for his grandfather Kewal Krishan Goel, 72.A pall of gloom descended over their house after Kaka's demise as the grandfather and grandson are ardent fans of the superstar.\"Grandfather loves Rajesh Khanna a lot and his demise came as shocking news to him. He asked me if I could sketch his favourite stara??s portrait and I started working on it right away,\" says Ashish, adding, \"Grandpa liked it when I gave the portrait to him.\"He sketched Khanna's portrait with help of another portrait they have of the superstar. \"It is not just my grandfather, but even I am a fan of Kaka. His death is like the end of an era,\" he adds. Ashish's grandfather wants to frame the sketch as a remembrance of Kaka's last good bye. \"Rajesh Khanna was my all-time favourite actor and I have seen almost all his movies. I still watch those movies again on TV whenever I get a chance,\" says the grandfather.'Kati Patang' and 'Anand' remain Kewal Krishana??s favourites among Rajesh Khannaa ??s numerous super hits. \"His style and talent made him one of his kind in Indian cinema,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049626", "title": "BJP names Ravishankar Prasad deputy leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP has named senior party leader and chief spokesperson Ravishankar Prasad as the new deputy leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha. His name was suggested to Rajya Sabha chairman Hamid Ansari on Wednesday by BJP's parliamentary party chief L K Advani.The post fell vacant after S S Ahluwalia's term got over and the party was unable to get him re-elected to the Upper House.Prasad, a Supreme Court lawyer, is also chief spokesperson and general secretary of the party. A member of Rajya Sabha from Bihar, Prasad has been minister of state for coal and mines, minister of state for law and justice, and minister of information and broadcasting in the NDA government.Prasad is serving his third term in Rajya Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15049586", "title": "Congress allege nepotism by Sanghani, walk out", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: The Gujarat state assembly's one-day session - the last one ahead of assembly elections - opened on Thursday with the opposition Congress training its guns on state agriculture minister Dilip Sanghani, for alleged unprecedented nepotism in the allocation of contracts to establish greenhouses in Amreli district. Sanghani is known to be close to chief minister Narendra Modi .Raising the matter in the House, Congress MLA Bavku Undhad, who resigned from the BJP and joined the Congress in 2007, said, \"In all, 11 persons were allocated contracts to establish high-tech greenhouses out of Central grants. All of them are members of Sanghani's family. Two are his brothers, two his sisters-in-law, one is his wife. All of them belong to just one village, Nal, of Savarkundla taluka of Amreli district,\" Undhad declared.Despite assembly speaker Ganpat Vasava's attempt to ensure that Undhad did not name Sanghani's family members, he continued, leading to unprecedented commotion in the House. Sanghani tried to defend himself, saying that in all 11,000 farmers were given contracts. Undhad then flashed a right to information (RTI) reply, dated December 20, 2011, which said that in Amreli 12 applications for high-tech greenhouses with Central grant were made. Of these, 11 were okayed.The RTI application also revealed that, till last-year end, just 51 applications were received from all over Gujarat for greenhouses, for which just about Rs 10.44 crore worth of Central grants were to be released for 51 greenhouse projects. Of these, 11 were from Amreli for Rs 3.22 crore (Rs 29.30 lakh each), and all of them went to those whose surnames read \"Sanghani\".Both Undhad and Sanghani belong to Amreli district of Saurashtra, and have been long-time rivals when they were in the BJP. While Undhad, a Leuva Patel by caste, has been close to Keshubhai Patel , Modi's bete noire, Sanghani has been in the Modi camp. Undhad was the only rebel BJP MLA to win in the 2007 polls on a Congress ticket, even as others lost heavily.Describing Sanghani's defence as \"untenable\" and \"not based on facts\", Congress MLAs began shouting slogans demanding his resignation. This forced the speaker to adjourn the House 20 minutes after it began, and abandon the rest of question hour.Speaking to TOI outside the assembly, senior Congress MLA and former finance minister Babu Meghji Shah said, \"After receiving the RTI application, the government acted quickly and cancelled all the contracts handed over to the minister's kin. The district administration, it seems, acted under Sanghani's pressure, but the agriculture department in Gandhinagar overruled it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053692", "title": "Paris Jackson blasts uncle Randy", "text": "Michael Jackson's daughter, Paris, has lashed out against her uncle, Randy, accusing him of spreading rumors.The 14-year-old publically responded to a tweet from Randy, which authenticated a leaked letter, claiming that the pop star's will was fake.The note demanded that the Jackson Estate executors John Branca and John McClain should resign from their position.The letter also claimed that their mother Katherine Jackson was in bad health and had recently suffered a mini-stroke, Contactmusic reported.\"I am going to clarify right now that what has been said about my grandmother is a rumour and nothing has happened, she is completely fine. I will defend my beloved family member with all I have, even if it means from other family members,\" Paris tweeted.On the other hand, Katherine's attorney, Perry Sanders, denied that his client was in poor health.\"Mrs. Jackson is extremely lucid and does a great job caring for Michael's children,\" he told CNN.Paris also sent a new message directed to Randy which insisted that he shouldn't move around spreading rumours.\"@randyjackson8 hello dear FAMILY member I don't appreciate you telling everyone things that aren't true thank you very much,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15050821", "title": "No dip in demand for nursing courses in DK", "text": "Mangalore: The demand for nursing courses has remained stable in the coastal city, where the first nursing college in the private sector was started 25 years ago. This is despite several nursing colleges mushrooming across the state in the past two decades. At present, there are about 32 nursing colleges in undivided Dakshina Kannada. Principal of Dr MV Shetty College of Nursing, the first nursing college in the private sector in the coast, BV Kathyayani claimed that though admissions for undergraduate and postgraduate courses had seen a decline in other districts, the case was different in the coastal districts. Colleges herearesought after by students from across the country, especially by those from neighbouring Kerala. Kathyayani said, \"Our colleges received over 200 applications every year in the past five years.\" According to World Health Organization (WHO) there is shortage of 40.5 lakh nurses in the world currently and the country also needs about 20.3 lakh nurses to fill the vacant posts. Alva's College of Nursing principal BA Yathi Kumaraswamy Gowda said, \"The demand is still up here as students from Kerala prefer colleges in DK.'' However, he said that in future the rush for admissions to the courses might see a downward trend. \"The state government has given permission to 535 educational institutions to start nursing courses in addition to the existing 360 nursing colleges,\" he added. The Manipal College of Nursing (MCN) has seen an increase in demand. If 120 students joined the course in 2009, it increased to 178 in 2010 and to 181 in 2011. MCN dean and director Anice George said, \"The demand for nurses has been good as governments across the world have been expanding healthcare sector.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15049096", "title": "CM: Easier to make Army vacate Lahore, than Panaji", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Thursday said it was easier to make the Army vacate Lahore than to make it vacate Panaji.Parrikar's comment came in the assembly during question hour in reference to a starred question by Dabolim Congress MLA Mauvin Godinho.Godinho wanted Parrikar to leverage the Navy's request for an enclave at the proposed Mopa airport to ask for land at Dabolim.Successive Goan governments have been irked over the Navy's reluctance to hand over land required for the airport's expansion to the airports authority of India.Parrikar said that the state government would not allow any naval enclave at the new Mopa international airport except on a \"commercial basis\".The chief minister insisted that he was very patriotic and that he had nothing against the armed forces. He added that it was easier to make the Army vacate Lahore than to make them vacate their civilian installations in Panaji.Parrikar recalled that the government had allotted the Army land on the outskirts of Panaji in exchange for the space they were occupying in Panaji. But not only did they take the land outside Panaji, they also refused to give up the space in Panaji, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15049627", "title": "CM tells DMs to hold prisoners\u2019 darbar in jails", "text": "PATNA: The state government will make some necessary amendments to the 87 years old jail manual, said chief minister Nitish Kumar during the review meeting of the home department on Wednesday.A power point presentation was also made by the department on the possible amendments to the jail manual. This is for the first time after 1925 that the jail manual will be modified.The CM said efforts should be made to make the state's jail manual the best in the country. One of the measures would be computerization of the prisons and introducing reforms in the jail system. He said in each jail, a reception ward would be created where new inmates would be kept for 48 hours for their medical examination and informing them about the rules, their rights and responsibilities.The CM directed the officials concerned to prepare a data base of prisoners with their photographs, fingerprints and other details which could be shared with the police and other agencies. A health card will be made for each prisoner and their regular health check-up will be ensured.The jails will be provided with modern facilities like CCTV, central control room, night vision devices and video conferencing for regular monitoring, the CM said, adding some programmes for prisoners' welfare would also be introduced. \"The DMs will hold bi-monthly prisoners' darbar in the jails under their jurisdiction and listen to their grievances,\" he said.The CM also directed the officials to instal information kiosks in jails through which the prisoners could seek information about dates of their judicial production, remission and history ticket.Under the new provisions, the young offenders in the 18-21 years age group would be kept away from notorious criminals so that they could be brainwashed to keep off crime. Arrangement will be made for their special training and counseling and an emergency squad will be formed in each jail to train inmates about how to deal with any emergency.It was decided in the meeting to build a training centre for the prisoners at Hajipur which will be energy efficient green building laced with latest technology. A visitors' complex will be constructed in each jail and the photo, fingerprint and ID proof of each visitor will be saved in computer.It was also decided to enhance the remuneration of prisoners as per the minimum wages. IG (Prison) Anand Kishore said the daily wages of prisoners for hard labour is Rs 12, and for mild labour it is Rs 8. The rates have not been revised for a long time, he said.The meeting was attended by chief secretary Navin Kumar, development commissioner A K Sinha, principal secretary, home, Amir Subhani, DGP Abhyanand and other senior officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15049725", "title": "No escape from taxi-bus strike", "text": "KOLKATA: Brace for a month-end traffic nightmare. Bus operators on Thursday announced a 24-hour statewide strike on July 30, adding to the two-day strike by cabbies on July 25 and 26.With a diesel price hike imminent, the transporters are not likely to be persuaded by the government's promises any longer. Transport minister Madan Mitra has so far staved off a strike on assurances alone, but this time the transporters don't seem to be in a mood to listen. A few days ago, they walked out of a meeting with Mitra.And if diesel is hiked by Rs 5 as expected, the taxi and bus operators are unlikely to settle for anything less than a fare hike. The Mamata Banerjee government, on the other hand, is averse to any kind of fare hike and grudgingly agreed to a night-time surcharge that the cabbies protested as too little, too late.If private buses stay off the roads, commuters will have a terrible time even if the transport department puts its entire bus fleet on the roads. Private buses carry the highest number of commuters in the city.On Thursday, bus operators held an emergency meeting and said that their business had turned completely unviable on the old fare structure. \"If the state government still remains rigid on not revising bus fares, the private bus operation will die a natural death. We won't even have to enforce a strike any more,\" said Tapan Banerjee of the Joint Council of Bus Syndicates. They decided to call a strike on July 30, a Monday.Realising that the situation getting out of control, the transport department immediately called a meeting on July 23 with all the transporters, transport PSUs, and the divisional railway managers of Howrah and Sealdah to work out a strategy to cushion the intensity of the strike.\"We do not expect any breakthrough in the meeting as the government is adamant on not revising fares,\" said Sanjib Roy of Bengal Taxi Association.A few days ago, transport operators had staged a walkout of a meeting with Madan Mitra after he refused to allow a fare revision. Operators of buses and taxis threatened that they would simply stop services instead of going for a strike, \"to which the government has become immune\".\"We are extremely disappointed with the state government's rigidity in revising transport fare. We have waited for 15 months since the Trinamool came to the power. Fuel prices have repeatedly gone up without corresponding rise in fare. This cannot go on. Forty per cent of the buses are not even running on a regular basis,\" said Tapan Banerjee.He said that since February 2010, the price of diesel had gone up seven times, but there was no bus fare hike. Nearly, 12,000 buses ply in the city and 30,000 operators will join the strike across the state. According to Bengal Bus Syndicate vice-president Dipak Sarkar: \"It is not possible for us to wait any further. We are unable to pay the loan installments for the buses. Very soon, we will have to stop running the buses entirely.\"Bus operators also want an end to alleged police excesses in the form of extracting traffic fines. \"The government has only assured us a solution every time we met, but nothing happened,\" Sarkar said.The transport department has also failed to rein in the autos. Mitra had earlier hinted at introducing a fare structure for auto rickshaws in Kolkata and set up a committee headed by Ashis Thakur. The panel has submitted its recommendations but Mitra refused to make the government's stand clear on this. Auto unions decide the fares in Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "step one", "code": "15052723", "title": "'Inspired by\u2019 tag works well for biopic makers", "text": "Step One: Announce a film claiming it is based on the life of a celebrity Step Two: Let articles float on how inspired the director/movie is by real-life events Step Three: Circulate photographs where the actors resemble the real-life characters Step Four: Reveal that fictional names are being used since the film is after all an inspired piece! Step Five: Controversy erupts in terms of a lawsuit threat by members from the icon's family to grab more eyeballs Step Six: Announce that the film could refer to any icon from that fraternity and not the real-life character per se! Welcome to the world of new-age biopics. Only if you could call them by that name since most movies end up being inspired acts! While some claim that it's indeed a brave attempt to make biopics, the danger of legal hassles loom large. The process, however, absolve the directors from being too accurate about facts since a disclaimer runs right at the beginning and the fact-fiction grey space ensures that the audience comes in droves to the theatres. The scene was different earlier, when directors would be courageous enough to deal with controversial material while using real names. Neither Feroze Abbas Khan's \" Gandhi, My Father \" nor Sir Richard Attenborough's \"Gandhi\" refrained from using real names even though some portions of the subject would always be too flattering for comfort. When Shyam Benegal made \"Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose: The Forgotten Hero \", he got as authentic as possible. Cut to the present. While Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra's \" Bhaag Milkha Bhaag \" has Farhan Akhtar going to town as legendary Indian athlete Milkha Singh, neither Irrfan nor Tigmanshu Dhulia shied away from taking real names for \"Paan Singh Tomar \". When Joe Wright wanted to make \"Indian Summer\" highlighting the relationship between Jawaharlal Nehru and Lady Mountbatten, he too wished to go real. So did Jagmohan Mundhra when he wanted to make a film on Sonia Gandhi. Sadly, both these movies never got made. But there is a growing culture of another genre of movies that selectively use the 'inspired by' phrase. Not that directors weren't earlier inspired by real-life characters but if they couldn't use the real names, their publicity wouldn't feature that either. Recently, when \"Once Upon A Time in Mumbaai\" was being made, the film's PR machinery went on an overdrive to claim that it's loosely based on the lives gangsters Haji Mastan and Dawood Ibrahim. But when it came to making any statements, director Milan Luthria made sure that he wasn't caught dead saying Haji Mastan and Dawood Ibrahim were the inspirations behind the characters, Sultan and Shoaib, in the film. So was it for \" The Dirty Picture \". The film took the Silk route to publicity and many legal threats later, it was heard that Vidya Balan's character in this Luthria film \"comes close to the stereotype of the era that includes the likes of Silk Smitha, Disco Shanti, Polyester Padmini or Nylon Nalini.\" Similarly, Mohit Suri had publicized his \" Woh  Lamhe \" as a movie based on Parween Babi. More recently, in Tollywood, two movies have been announced that are supposed to be inspired by real-life characters \u2014 Kamaleswar Mukherjee's film on Ritwik Ghatak's life and Gulbahar Singh's \" Cabaret Queen \". In Kamaleswar's film, the Ritwik Ghatak references are surfacing time and again in the media but the film doesn't use the legendary director's name. Says Kamaleswar, \"My film is essentially not a biopic. It deals with the surreal thought space of Nilkantha Bagchi (a character that is sketched with excerpts and references taken from Ghatak's biographical documents written by Surama and Samhita Ghatak). There are elements that hold the spirit of Ritwik Ghatak but the situations, and characters are fictional.\" Paoli, who will be playing a character inspired by Miss Shefali in \" Cabaret Queen \", says, \"We have sought permissions from Miss Shefali and the final call will be taken by the director. We are trying to glorify Miss Shefali and since she and some of the men in her life are alive, one has to respect their privacy.\" Gulbahar says that Miss Shefali's name will be changed to Miss Shuili in the movie. \"We have publicized the film as one based on Miss Shefali's life. We have permissions from her and could have used her name. But we don't have permissions for using the names of the other men in her life. Since we will be using fictional names for them, we decided to go ahead with Shuili,\" he says.Perhaps, a path followed in \"No One Killed Jessica \", where Vidya's name was kept as Jessica though the name of the model who worked with Jessica was changed to Vikram Jai Singh. Once the names are changed, the task gets easier since there are no legal hassles involved. In some cases, it empowers directors to add fictional elements to make the film spicy. \"While 80% of my film will be based on authentic facts, the rest 20% will be drama,\" Gulbahar says. And what if the audience ends up believing that the 20% of the drama is true as well? To this, Singh says, \"Our legal system is such that we can't use real names. Everyone knew that \" Guru \" was based on Dhirubhai Ambani's life. But was his name used? At the end of it all, people will watch a good movie.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15050347", "title": "City roads set to become more user-friendly for all", "text": "PUNE: Roads and streets in the city are set to undergo a change in their design which will make them more safe and user friendly for pedestrians, cycle riders, bus commuters, motorists, street vendors as well as disabled persons.The Pune Municipal Corporation has taken up an ambitious street improvement project aimed at having high-quality designed streets, which the civic body says, is a vital step to make a more liveable city. As part of the project, about 1800 km of street network in the city is to be improved in a phased manner. PMC has planned to implement consistent edge-to-edge street designs and follow the best practices which would be helpful for all road users.Go on to most streets in the city and one would find that encroachments, bad quality footpaths, lack of proper road signages and parking facilities makes it very difficult and unsafe for people to simply walk, ride a bicycle or reach the nearest bus stop to catch a bus. Hawkers or other vendors constantly have the fear of being evicted as they do not have any space earmarked for them either on or off the roads.The Pune Municipal Corporation says it has now recognized the need for timely management of various aspects of urban transportation which will benefit all residents. This includes strengthening of public transport, and a road network which is friendly for pedestrians and bicycle. For this, the civic body has planned various initiatives, programs, projects as well as investments.Called as the `Pune Streets Programme' by the municipal corporation, the first task is to prepare a comprehensive streets design manual which would be used as a basis and standard for all road designs. The street design guidelines are to be prepared with public participation. Widespread public consultations with bus commuters, pedestrians, senior citizens clubs, bicycle users, hawkers and vendors organizations, autorickshaw unions, waste picker unions, organizations related to persons with disabilities, select schools and colleges as well as NGO's working on issues related to traffic and transport are to be held for preparing the street design manual.For the Pune Streets Programme, the civic body has referred to its comprehensive mobility plan, which it says is compliance with the National Urban Transport Policy of the Union government. The mobility plan, the corporation says, has emphasized on ``moving people, not vehicles''. Accordingly, priority has been given to pedestrians, cyclists and public transport. The mobility plan has set the goals for reducing traffic accidents, improving air quality and improving mobility in the city. The street design guidelines will be in accordance with the objectives of the mobility plan, say civic officials. The street design guidelines would be prepared by by urban designers, landscape artists and transport planners which would be selected by the municipal corporation.The street design guidelines will take into account the fact that there are various arterial and sub-arterial roads, which have different widths. Moreover, while some of the roads have one-way traffic, there are other roads where Bus Rapid Transit and other transport projects have been planned. There would be different set of guidelines for the core areas of the city, and to enhance the identity of heritage sites or other features unique to the city. The street design guidelines would be used by the municipal corporation's technical team and engineering staff to guide the contractors of all road works and urban designers who would be appointed to create detailed design drawing of streets and public spaces. PMC has stated that it is also in the process of getting some streets designed on a pilot basis by qualified urban designers. The experience and inputs from these exercises are to be incorporated into the guidelines.PMC's additional city engineer (roads) Pramod Nirbhavane said the guidelines will help bring uniformity in construction of roads and making provisions for different road users. \"We hope the street design guidelines would be ready in the next six months. This is a specialized job which may take more time if needed,\" Nirbhavane said. He said the PMC is in the process of getting some streets designed from qualified urban designers on a pilot basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049434", "title": "State holds out redevpt hope for island Mumbai buildings", "text": "MUMBAI: With redevelopment plans of over 250 buildings in the island city being stuck for long, minister of state (housing) Sachin Ahir on Thursday offered tenants living in such structures a ray of hope.Referring to projects that have been in limbo for over a decade, Ahir said 70% of the tenants of such buildings could come together and approach the state government for permission to appoint a new builder/developer/ or contractor for redevelopment. In a decision that will impact redevelopment plans for several old and dilapidated buildings in the island city, the state government on Thursday took two major decisions.During a calling attention motion in the assembly, the issue of tenants of such buildings being left in the lurch-after developers abandoned or lost interest in the projects-was raised. Members from both ruling and opposition benches expressed concern.Ahir, meanwhile, introduced a rider that could have an impact on the redevelopment of other buildings as well. \"Consent, once granted to a developer, will not be revocable in the immediate future,\" Ahir said, while referring to cases where members have withdrawn their consent to a developer within a year or two after giving the same.After members complained of lack of tenant welfare, Ahir announced plans to draft a model agreement. This, he said, would be available online. A redress committee for projects involving Mhada's reconstruction and redevelopment board and other boards across the state was announced on the lines of slum schemes.Raising a calling attention motion on various redevelopment issues, Nawab Malik (NCP) demanded that approvals for cluster redevelopment schemes be expedited. Amin Patel ( Congress) raised issues related to changes in parking norms for rehabilitation buildings on cessed premises and in Mhada colonies. Patel also demanded a review of the nod granted to a cluster redevelopment scheme in Chira Bazar.CM declines 4 FSI for Thane dilapidated and illegal buildings:An option to use a floor space index (FSI) of 4 on a plot housing a number of dilapidated and illegal buildings in Thane was not acceptable, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said on Thursday.While claiming that the illegal buildings could not be regularized under the existing Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning Norms, the CM said an independent approach in this regard was under consideration.Chavan also disclosed plans to fast-track the redevelopment of dilapidated buildings in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049651", "title": "Centre seeks SC clarity on RIL-KG basin verdict", "text": "NEW DELHI: While seeking to overcome the 'auction for all natural resources' law laid down by the 2G judgment, the Centre wants clarification of an important conclusion in the Reliance judgment in which the Supreme Court in 2010 had ruled in favour of Mukesh Ambani's Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) denying Anil Ambani's RNRL a share in KG Basin gas.In his written submissions placed on Thursday before a bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices D K Jain, J S Khehar, Dipak Misra and Ranjan Gogoi during hearing on the presidential reference on the 2G judgment, attorney general G E Vahanvati said the apex court needed to clarify a conclusion in the Reliance judgment extending 'public trust doctrine' to all natural resources.The AG said, \"The extension of public trust doctrine to all natural resources in the said judgment has led to considerable confusion and needs to be clarified by the Supreme Court.\"He said public trust doctrine applied to natural resources like air, water and beaches etc, where no restriction could be imposed on public access to them. But it would be quite another thing to apply this doctrine to economically exploitable resources like natural gas, he said.The judgment in RNRL vs RIL in 2010 had said, \"This (public trust) doctrine is part of Indian law and finds application in the present case as well. It is thus the duty of the government to provide complete protection to the natural resources as a trustee of the people at large.\"Falling back on several earlier apex court judgments laying down that public trust doctrine applied to certain natural resources which were environmental in character, Vahanvati said access to natural gas could not be extended to the public at large.In the Reliance judgment, the court had rejected Anil Ambani's claim on share in KG Basin gas based on a family settlement and said, \"However wide the powers of the courts may be, they cannot be so wide as to order supply of gas in contravention of government policies, the constitutional obligations that the government of India must bear in mind when formulating such policies and in contravention of broader public interest.\"The AG agreed that fairness and transparency should be intrinsic to allocation of natural resources but said this could be achieved through many methods, including auction. However, to limit the government's choice of allocation of natural resources to auction only method could seriously hit the development process and utilization of the resources for greater public good, he said.\"Even in the context of allocation of natural resources, the task of the government is one of choice. Choice involves complex technical, social and economic issues. The appropriate method for allocation of a resource depends upon the nature, content, utility and economic potential of the natural resource,\" the AG said.\"A resource could be retained for use by the public for instance, rights to use a river for travel or fishing. The rights could also be allocated to some sub-set of the public, for example to inhabitants of a particular village. Alternatively, the resource could be offered to individuals or businesses through one of the possible allocation methods,\" Vahanvati said. He will continue arguments on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "jhajjar", "code": "15050547", "title": "Villagers attack police post, gherao officials in protest against power cuts in Jhajjar", "text": "JHAJJAR: A police post in Mandothi village of Jhajjar district was vandalized and records tore apart by enraged villagers, including women , who were protesting against power crisis, forcing police personnel to flee, on Thursday.Residents of Mandothi village had allegedly went on a rampage and damaged property at a power house situated in adjoining Noona Majra village of the district on Wednesday night in protest against power cuts being imposed in the villages.The villagers maintained that they had gone to the power house to complain about power cuts and found two power officials in a drunken condition. The villagers alleged that power officials misbehaved with them.However, when police went to Mandothi village to nab some persons accused of vandalizing the power house, villagers put up a blockade at other points in the village. Villagers also gheraoed police officials. As police, led by police post incharge, Vivek Kumar, and power officials were busy placating the villagers to lift the blockade, another set of protesters attacked the police post.Police have registered a case against around 25-30 villagers, including women, for vandalizing the police post, assaulting public servants and damaging government property. They have also identified some of the accused. Bahadurgarh SP, Rajiv Deswal, said that police have launched a hunt to nab the accused. \"The situation is normal in the village now and additional police force has been deployed\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15049358", "title": "Suspended scam accused takes office", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former secretary of Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) and prime accused in the fake fracture scam, H N Chavda, joined office as coordinator at Gujarat Council of Education, Research and Training ( GCERT) in Gandhinagar.Chavda was suspended from the post of principal of District Institute of Education and Training (DIET) in Anand last year, in accordance with education department rules mandating suspension of any official who spends over 48 hours behind bars. Chavda was arrested in the dummy writer scam after absconding for months.Chavda was named prime accused in the fake fracture scam that hit headlines in 2008 where two students, Komal Patel and Harsh Kotak of class XII (Science), were caught faking fractures and using the services of meritorious students as writers. Chavda, who was then the secretary of GSHSEB, was among those accused in police investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15053797", "title": "Maha opposition demands white paper on loans taken", "text": "MUMBAI: The opposition in the Maharashta legislative assembly has demanded a white paper that is clarity on the various loans taken in the last 10 years to the tune of Rs 2.53 lakh crore.\"The government has no money to fill potholes, it has no money to complete irrigation projects and cannot take up any development work. The government must tell the people what it did with the loans it has taken over the last 10 years,\" said opposition leader Eknath Khadse.Rejecting the opposition's demand for a white paper, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who is also the finance minister said the loans taken amounted to only 18.8% of the state's gross domestic product when the Centre has set a limit of 26% of the state GDP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15050552", "title": "Dog menace forces residents indoors", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The municipal corporation (MC) has failed to tackle the menace of stray dogs in the city. There is a problem in sectors including 11, 15, 21, 35, 37, 38, 44, 45, 49, 52 and Manimajra. A group of residents of Sector 20 approached the municipal commissioner on Wednesday with a complaint of threat from stray dogs in their locality, saying that strays are forcing residents to remain indoors.In their complaint to the municipal commissioner, the residents have said, \"We are residents of house numbers 672 to 715 of Sector 20 A and we want to bring it to your notice that there is danger of people getting bitten by stray dogs as there are hordes in the locality. The dogs even enter the stairs of our houses. The residents of this locality are very scared as it is difficult for them to move around in the area safely.\" They asked the commissioner to look into the matter and make necessary arrangements to resolve the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049702", "title": "Former Army major accuses airline of religious slur", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Army major Mohammed Ali Shah has accused SpiceJet of religious slur, alleging that the airline staff threatened to complain he was a security threat given his Muslim name. The airline, however, rubbished the allegation and said the issue revolved around his \"personal conduct\".Shah (32) sent a legal notice to SpiceJet and complained to the National Commission for Minorities (NCM) and DGCA. NCM chief Wajahat Habibullah said, \"We have sent a notice to the airline asking for a report. It is a shocking case.\"Shah is the son of former deputy chief of Army staff Lt Gen (retired) Z U Shah who is currently vice-chancellor of AMU. Shah's uncle is actor Naseeruddin Shah.Speaking to TOI, Shah said he boarded SpiceJet flight SG 893 at Delhi airport on June 28. \"After all the passengers boarded the flight to Guwahati, a SpiceJet employee told me rudely to deboard and identify my baggage.\" He said he wasn't aware of such a requirement.\"I got off the aircraft and was shocked to see my suitcase lying open, its lock broken. Some of my belongings were damaged and some missing,\" Shah said.He alleged SpiceJet staff was abusive and told him to give in writing that his baggage was in order and would not hold the airline responsible for any loss or damage.\"They threatened to deplane me if I didn't. When I objected, the SpiceJet staff said he would report that I was a security threat. Given my Muslim name, nobody would doubt his report. I was aghast,\" Shah said.He complained to SpiceJet India CEO Neil Raymond Mills who wrote back, \"This entire issue resolves (sic) around your personal conduct so please do not bring religion or background into the issue, as this is totally irrelevant.\"A SpiceJet spokesperson said, \"After repeated requests, Shah came down from the aircraft and refused to identify the baggage and check its contents, rather, he started taking photographs and recording video of the baggage. (He) was requested to discontinue the videography/photography since... (this) was strictly prohibited. However, despite repeated requests, he continued.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15051161", "title": "Munda, legislators cast vote in President poll", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda and MLAs of various political parties exercised their franchise at the 13th presidential election at Jharkhand assembly on Thursday.A total of 80 legislators, including CM Munda, besides two MPs, cast their votes on the Jharkhand assembly premises here for UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee and opposition-supported nominee PA Sangma. The two MPs who cast their votes for the presidential poll here were former CM Madhu Koda and Rajya Sabha member Pradeep Kumar Balmuchu. The remaining 18 MPs, including five from Rajya Sabha and 13 from Lok Sabha , exercise their franchise in New Delhi. The lone CPI (ML) legislator, Vinod Singh, abstained from voting.State chief electoral officer PK Jajoria said while Koda was given permission by the Election Commission to cast his vote at the last moment after he got permission from a special CBI court, Balmuchu was allowed to exercise his franchise here as he has made formal application in advance. Any MP who wants to cast his vote at state assembly has to apply for permission at least 10 days in advance.This was the first time when the chief minister Arjun Munda came out of his house after sustaining serious injuries in a helicopter crash on May 9. Soon after casting his vote, Munda returned home. \"I am happy that with blessing of people I have recovered and will try to expedite the pending projects,\" said Munda.Coming out of the voting room, Koda said he has voted for UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee. The former CM, however, could not hide his pain of being behind the bars for over two-and-a-half years. \"I have not done any wrong during my tenure as chief minister. The investigating agencies -- be it the I-T department, enforcement directorate or the CBI -- have failed to produce any evidence against me in court,\" Koda said.The voting started with the leader of opposition in Jharkhand assembly Rajendra Prasad Singh exercising his franchise. He was followed by Sarfaraz Ahmed (Congress) and RJD legislature party leader Annapurna Devi.\"The four MLAs - Hari Narayan Rai, Enos Ekka, Sawna Lakra and SN Tiwary -- lodged in the Birsa Munda Central Jail also cast their votes in the presidential election,\" said an official of assembly secretariat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15049306", "title": "Zoo sends SOS to SA facility", "text": "MYSORE: The first captive bred African hunting cheetah cubs in India are battling for survival. The death of four cheetahs - three cubs and an adult female-has left the zoo wringing its hands.Now the Zoo Authority of Karnataka (ZAK) has sent an SOS to the South African facility from where the cheetahs were shipped to Mysore. Said M Nanjundaswamy, ZAK chairman, \"We will bear the expenditure. There is no problem with that.\" ZAK has also asked expert vet Dr Pampapathi from Bangalore to visit the facility.The Zoo on Thursday attributed the death of 16-week-old cub of Maya to neuro -muscular weakness. According to the executive director B P Ravi the cub was suffering from weakness since June 3. When Maya died on June 12, her five cubs were just 70 days old. Cubs were under stress after being weaned. Initially they developed enteritis and muscular weakness, he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15049507", "title": "Digvijay Singh defends Akhilesh on law and order front", "text": "LUCKNOW: Showing signs of increasing bonhomie between the Congress and the Samajwadi Party, Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh on Thursday said it was too early to pass a verdict on chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's performance, especially in matters of law and order. Singh, who was in the city to express his gratitude to the SP for extending support to UPA presidential nominee Pranab Mukherjee, defended the law and order situation in UP and said any chief minister takes up to six months to come to terms with governance issues. \"When I was chief minister, it took me about six months to understand the state government mechanism before I could slip into action mode,'' he said.Denying that the Congress was going soft on the SP as a result of their support in the presidential elections, Singh said Congress had contested the elections against SP and would continue to fight against injustice, if it was done in the Samajwadi Party regime. He added that Congress respected that Akhilesh had won the elections on the back of massive support from the masses.In a democratic set up, as a result, the Centre, Singh said, was extending full support to Akhilesh and his government.Responding to repeated demands for a bigger role for Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi , Singh said the demands had surfaced from across the country. \"Voices have been raised in this regard not only from outside but also within the Congress. Even I have been saying this for two years,'' Singh said.As a parting shot, Singh said he was happy the Samajwadi Party, BSP, RLD and other smaller parties had decided to support UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee. \"We are confident Pranab Mukherjee will win with a huge margin. We are also happy our allies have decided to back the right person at the right time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15050013", "title": "Burglars loot Trichy home during day", "text": "TRICHY: In a daring daylight robbery, four thieves gained entry into a residence at Thiruvidaimaruthur near Kumbakonam and decamped with a total of 89 sovereign of gold after gagging the inmates.The incident took place at the residence of one Sahul Hameed, employed in the Gulf. Hameed's wife Sukrunisha, was engaged in conversation with her neighbour Mumtaj Begum. The house maid Thangam, too was present with Sukrunisha's granddaughter in her arms. All of a sudden, two jeans-clad young men intruded the house. Sukrunisha followed them into the house asking for their identity. But before she could get any answers, two more accomplices forced entry into the house, the neighbour told the police later.The foursome asked the inmates to part with their valuables and threatened to harm the child if they dared to raise an alarm. The culprits later gagged Sukrunisha and her maid before vanishing, police said. The men, in their early thirties, stuffed all the gold into their trouser pockets before escaping in two bikes parked at a distance.Police told TOI that the Kurichimalai area on the main road was always buzzing with a lot of activity and such an incident had not been reported in the recent past. According the Thiruvidaimaruthur police, a case had been registered under section 392 and the investigation was on in full swing with the assistance of fingerprints experts and sniffer dogs. None had been arrested in connection with the case though.In another incident, thieves targeting the Manapparai area for quite some time now, snatched a five-sovereign gold chain from one Caroline (30), at Vaiyamapatti. Though she tried to raise an alarm, it was too late to catch the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15050012", "title": "Karaya OC shunted to facilitate probe", "text": "KOLKATA: To rein in the menace of illegal construction, mayor Sovan Chatterjee had directed Kolkata Police to investigate the allegations and start cracking down on the troublemakers in the south-eastern parts of the city. Waking up to the missive, city police had entrusted the detective department's Anti-Rowdy Squad with the job. The officer in charge of Karaya police station has been the first to bear the brunt. To facilitate an unbiased probe, the OC has been relieved from his post early this week.The problem of illegal construction is not new in areas like Darapara, Circus Avenue, Beckbagan and ward numbers 59, 64 and 65. For long, local underworld heads fought over these areas for domination. Apart from some scattered incidents, Karaya was apparently peaceful after the developers entered into an area-sharing agreement. But in the past one year, new faces suddenly came up in the race, leading to a fresh turf war. Since last Thursday, the situation turned worse and hoodlums from rival camps clashed at different points of the locality.Debanshu Roy, councilor of ward 59, admitted the worsening condition of the area. \"Anti-socials hurled bombs some days back. I informed police soon after the chaos,\" said Roy. According to him, a clash was on at Gobra over the domination of illegal construction sites. Roy claimed that he made written complaints against at least seven unauthorized construction sites but KMC did nothing. Local Trinamool leader Rabin Bose was arrested earlier in connection with the clash and later released on bail. Sensing trouble, city police's top brass engaged officers of the Anti-Rowdy Squad.Roy alleged that most of the promoters and anti-socials are now backed by different factions of the ruling party. Sources said the area was earlier shared between two groups. The railway track passing through the locality was the borderline. Areas east and west of the track were controlled by two key developers, believed to be frontmen of two Trinamool leaders. But in the past one year, some new groups close to other Trinamool leaders emerged with their demand, which broke the status quo. Two of these new faces are Bobby and Bablu. Sushil Kumar Sharma, councillor of ward 65, also conceded the growing menace of illegal construction across the area.The officers of Anti-Rowdy Squad have been assigned to make a detail report comprising number of unauthorized constructions, promoters behind the constructions, anti-socials active for the developers and the role of local police. Sources hinted that the inquiry team already spotted nearly 200 illegal constructions mushroomed at Tiljala Road, Masjid Bari lane, Beckbagan, Circus Avenue, Darapara and even on Palm Avenue.During the inquiry, names of several local Trinamool leaders and activists, having criminal antecedence, have cropped up. The report is likely to be submitted to the top level of the government.\"Earlier several times chief Minister Mamata Banerjee expressed worry over the illegal constructions and during meetings with KMC and Police she repeatedly warned both agencies about the menace and asked to take stern action,\" said a senior officer of Kolkata Police.has been Kolkata's bane for sometime, only the authorities refused to react. The oft-cited reason for inaction was simple. The broader nexus included a section of police and local political leaders without whose patronage, this wouldn't happen in the first place. Waking up the malaise, Mayor Sovan Chatterjee has directed Kolkata Police to investigate the allegations of illegal construction in the south-east swathes of Kolkata. The first fallout is OC, Karaya for it's this belt which has been rocked by sporadic clashes over it recently.Kolkata Police waking up to the Mayor's missive which curiously coincided with an increasing turf war between anti-socials at Karaya over domination on illegal construction trade, has entrusted the Detective Department's Anti-Rowdy Squad to probe the matter. Sporadic clashes were reported from Darapara, Circus Avenue, Bekbagan area and other points of ward number 59, 64 and 65. And to facilitate an unbiased probe, the Karaya OC has been relieved from his post early this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15050983", "title": "Rescued boy to be reunited with dad", "text": "Mysore: A 14-year-old boy, who was rescued by Mysore railway station officials when he was wandering on the premises on Wednesday evening, will be sent back to Mumbai. The boy, who hails from Kolvari in Mumbai, reached the city by train. Avadish Kumar Bind is at present lodged at the Rural Literacy and Health Programme (RLHP) office. \"The boy speaks only Hindi and he did not reveal the reason why he fled from his home,\" said Saraswati, director of the RLHP. The boy, who was found in his school uniform, gave his father's number after counselling. His father Achehhelal Bind has come from Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15053737", "title": "Condition of Captain Lakshmi Sehgal remains 'very critical'", "text": "KANPUR: Captain Lakshmi Sehgal, a compatriot of Subhash Chandra Bose, who was admitted to hospital on Thursday following a cardiac arrest, still continued to be in \"very critical\" condition, family sources said.\"Sehgal's condition is very critical. There has been no significant improvement,\" Sehgal's daughter Subhashini Ali told reporters here on Friday.She has been placed in ICU and is under observation by a team of doctors, Ali added.Sehgal (97), who was ill for some time, was admitted to hospital on Thursday morning after she suffered a heart attack at her residence in Civil Lines area here.Meanwhile, CPI(M) general secretary Prakash Karat and CPI(M) polit bureau member Brinda Karat have visited the hospital to enquire about her health conditions.Captain Lakshmi Sehgal was very active in the independence movement of India and commanded the 'Rani of Jhansi Regiment' of INA, formed by Subhash Chandra Bose.A doctor by profession, she was working as a medical practitioner and a social worker. She was awarded Padma Vibhushan in 1998.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049661", "title": "Foreigners' ministry of defence access sparks concern", "text": "NEW DELHI: On December 7, 2011, Anca Maria Neacsu, a Romanian citizen married to alleged arms-dealer Abhishek Verma, held a formal meeting with the top brass of the ministry of defence (MoD). She was there as the India representative of Sig Sauer, the American firm specializing in small arms, and was accompanied by other foreign colleagues. It is not known if she had met MoD officials on other occasions as well.Verma's wife, that too a foreigner whose antecedents are not quite clear, could hold formal meetings with top brass of the MoD is a tell-tale sign of the significant drawbacks in the security clearance procedures meant for private individuals, especially foreigners, wanting to do business with Indian security establishment.It also exposes the hollowness of the CBI's \"Undesirable Contact Men (UCM)\" list, which is circulated to senior government officials by the premier investigation agency, and monitoring that the intelligence agencies carry out for individuals trying to do business with the government.Senior MoD officials said the December 7 meeting of Neacsu with the ministry top brass took place after the security wing gave a clearance. She led a delegation that met MoS for defence M M Pallam Raju, defence production secretary Shekhar Agarwal and director-general of defence acquisitions Vivek Rae.A ministry official said whenever a foreigner wants to meet officials their requests are sent to the security division, which runs the name passed the CBI, and also identities of those that have been flagged by the Intelligence Bureau (IB) etc.Neacsu's role as the India head of Sig Sauer and her formal meeting with government representatives raises questions about the process of security monitoring and clearance granted to such individuals. Her husband Verma, despite being an accused in the naval war room leak case, doesn't even figure in the UCM list.The activities of Verma and Neacsu over the past several years make is clear that they have been active in the defence sector, largely facilitating meetings, fixing deals and carrying out other illegal activities. However, none of these seem to have been noticed by Indian agencies, or they didn't deem it serious enough to raise a red flag.It also raises the question about the appointment of Indians as representatives of foreign military firms. Now, no security clearance is required for such appointments, helping shady individuals to bag these sensitive jobs. As heads of military/security firms, they have unfettered access to senior officials in sensitive ministries and security agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053927", "title": "Saindhu Saindhu on Sunday", "text": "The makers of NEP are planningto launch a visual teaser of Saindhu Saindhu..., the song that's already popular in the Internet thanks to its singer Yuvan Shankar Raja's tweets. This will be launched online on this coming Sunday, the 22nd, and fans of Ilaiyaraaja are awaiting it. This trend of launching songs online seems to have caught up in the Tamil film industry as well, since the time the Why This Kolaveri Di number from the film 3 starring Dhanush and Shruti Haasan became a viral video.Already, there has been a big buzz about Gautham Vasudev Menon and Isaignani Ilaiyaraaja coming together. Fans of the filmmaker and the composer have always been looking forward to this moment when they come together to work on a project. Gautham, who is musically inclined in his film subjects as well, has worked with A R Rahman and Harris Jayaraj before to produce some chartbusters in films such as Vinnaithaandi Varuvaaya and Vaaranam Aayiram.Sony Music will be releasing the audio post Aadi Masam, it is learnt. The fact that the ace director is working with maestro Ilaiyaraaja for the first time with the Jiiva-Samantha starrer has made it a hot property in Kollywood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049605", "title": "Paramedical council to be set up in state", "text": "MUMBAI: A paramedical council will soon monitor and regulate the functioning of paramedical practitioners. The Mah- arashtra Paramedical Council Act, 2011, was introduced and passed in the legislative assembly on Thursday.The council will maintain a register of paramedical practitioners in the state, frame a code of ethics for the professionals and promote an effective link between paramedical education, medical education, ayurvedic, unani and homeopathic systems of medicine. The Act also provides to for punishment for non-registered medical practitioners and those whose registration has been withdrawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15049822", "title": "Civic body to survey street vendors in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) has formed a 13-member team to conduct a first-of-its-kind survey of street vendors in Bhubaneswar.The move, which is expected to cover all the 60 wards of the city, is aimed at streamlining street vending in the state capital.The city has around 22,000 street vendors, out of whom nearly 2,200 have been allotted shops in 54 vending zones in different locations. The rest are running their business from unauthorized shops on roadsides and streets.\"We will print 25,000 survey forms. A team comprising community organizers and ward officers would identify the street vendors and give acknowledgement certificates to them,\" BMC commissioner Vishal Kumar Dev told TOI.\"We will seek the cooperation of vendors' associations in the city in the project,\" Dev said, adding, \"once the database is created, the vendors would be benefitted in the long run.\"Recently, the Centre had asked all states to conduct survey of vendors, demarcate vending spaces, provide amenities and promote simple registration of street vendors and provide credit access to them.Meanwhile, the All Orissa Roadside Vendors' Association has demanded establishment of more vending zones to accommodate poor and unorganized traders.\"The existing vending zones are insufficient. We have been demanding 90 more such zones, but the BMC authorities are not paying heed to our demand,\" association's president Pratap Sahoo said.\"The government should protect the poor vendors from the clutches of greedy cops and municipal staff, who extort money from them. The government should ensure a secured and dignified livelihood for street vendors,\" he added.The BMC, on the other hand, has decided to announce 12 areas in the city as \"no vending\" zones.These are Airport Gate to Capital Hospital, Capital Hospital to Sishu Bhawan Square, Capital Hospital to Orissa State Housing Board Square via AG Square, AG Square to Governor House, Governor House to police commissioner's office, 120 Battalion to Rabindra Mandap, Road behind Rajiv Bhawan and secretariat, PMG Square to railway station via Master Canteen, Housing Board Square to Ram Mandir, Ram Mandir to Big Bazaar (Kharavel Nagar), Delta Square to Fire Station and Airport Gate to Palaspalli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049167", "title": "Mumbai has 127 illegal bakeries", "text": "MUMBAI: An audit of all the bakeries in the city has revealed that there exist 127 illegal bakeries. Of the 521 licensed bakeries, 129 have been prosecuted for inadequate fire safety equipment.Following a cylinder explosion at an illegal bakery in Trombay on May 30, which killed seven persons and injured 37, the BMC had ordered an audit of all the bakeries in the city. The audit reveals that there are 127 illegal bakeries in the city. Of the 521 licensed bakeries, 129 have been prosecuted for inadequate fire safety equipments.BMC's health committee chairperson Geeta Gawli told TOI, \"We have issued notices to the 127 illegal bakeries and will begin prosecuting the owners. It will take us at least a month to finish the prosecution.\"Maximum number of illegal bakeries was found in P-North ward (Malad) (20), followed by L (Kurla) (19) and H-east (Bandra, Santa Cruz ) and M-East (Deonar) (10 each). tnnThe audit was ordered after the furnace oven of an illegal bakery exploded in the dense slum settlements of Cheetah Camp in Mankhurd on May 29, killing seven people and injuring 37 others. The impact of the blast killed a customer and a passerby, both women , and two workers in the Uzair bakery.Many of the injured were migrant daily wage labourers employed at small-scale manufacturing units in the area to produce schoolbags and purses. According to fire officials of those injured, 12 to 15 were workers at the bakery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049543", "title": "'Divide &amp; rule policy behind violence'", "text": "MUMBAI: Wednesday's deadly violence at passenger car major Maruti Suzuki's Manesar plant in Haryana that claimed one life took its toll on the auto maker's stock on Thursday with the price crashing nearly 9%, accompanied by high volumes and wiping off nearly Rs 3,100 crore of investors' wealth.The stock opened weak and slid through the day's session to touch an intra-day low at Rs 1,112 and closed just a tad off that mark, at Rs 1,117. On the BSE, 9.1 lakh Maruti shares were traded on Thursday, nearly nine times its average daily trading volume for the past two weeks.During the day, to have some clarity about the reasons for this sudden labour trouble and also about the auto major's future, local brokerage Nirmal Bang Securities arranged a conference call between investors and D L Sachdeva, national secretary, All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC). Sachdeva blamed the management's high-handed ways and also blamed its divide-and-rule policies for the fresh troubles at the plant.Last year too, around the same time, there were labour troubles at Maruti's plants that affected its production for over a month. During the height of the last agitation, the then union leader Sonu Gujjar, who later on deserted his co-workers after taking a huge amount of money from the company, had also participated in a conference call with Maruti investors.In the conference call on Thursday, Sachdeva said there are about 3,000 contract workers at Maruti's Manesar plant, compared to about 2,000 permanent workers. He said that the company pays about Rs 5,000-5,500 per month to contract workers, which is just about a third of Rs 17,000-18,000 per month paid to those who are permanent workers. He also accused the company management of paying wages according to the minimum wages act in Haryana, whereas the same should have been paid as per the industry wage.What made investors jittery, market players said, was Sachdeva's comments about any chance of a quick resolution of the matter when he said that he fears it would take some time for both the management and workers to come together again.On Thursday, the Maruti management closed the Manesar plant and is yet to give any indication about resuming production there. However, Sachdeva agreed that law &amp; order should be maintained and both, the management and the workers, should work towards the same, a post-conference note from Nirmal Bang Securities pointed out. During the day, police, after scanning CCTV footages, arrested a few workers and their investigation into the death of the officer is still on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15048664", "title": "Red alert in Chandrapur but no RFOs to be alert", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite a red alert, a large number of posts of range forest officers (RFO) have been left vacant in the buffer zone of Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) in Chandrapur. This has raised questions over the state government's seriousness about protecting tigers.TOI has learnt that at least 17 posts of RFOs, including seven in the highly sensitive tiger-bearing areas around Tadoba, are lying vacant. Besides, 50 posts of foresters are also vacant. This is despite the fact that seven tigers have died this year in Tadoba landscape, most of them due to poaching.Of the 17 posts, six are in TATR buffer, one in wildlife, three in social forestry and six non-territorial posts. The vacant non-territorial and SFD posts won't directly affect tiger protection, but there is no concern for the most vulnerable tiger ranges like Chandrapur, Bhadravati, Chichpalli, Jivti, Virur, Kothari and South Brahmapuri too.The government has announced a red alert in the district twice - once on May 15 regarding Bahelia poachers from Katni in Madhya Pradesh planning to target 25 tigers in the region. The latest alert came on July 14, about intensifying patrolling as Bawaria gangs from Haryana become active in the monsoon.\"After the death of a tiger in a steel trap and another getting injured on April 26 in Gondmohadi in Palasgaon, and later cutting of a tiger into pieces in Borda, several measures were announced by forest minister Patangrao Kadam. But who would implement them in the absence of RFOs?\" asks wildlife activist Bandu Dhotre, who had recently gone on a 10-day fast to raise awareness about various issues in Chandrapur.He added, there will always be some vacancies but keeping such ranges without RFOs shows lack of seriousness on the part of the government.Sources said the delay in appointments is due to alleged horse-trading for choice postings among RFOs. The situation has been like this for the last two to six months, especially after the incumbent RFOs were promoted as ACFs. There are no replacements for them, and some RFOs are holding dual charge and unable to discharge their double duties.There is no RFO in Bhadravati after Arun Tikhe was promoted as ACF. While posted in Bhadravati, he had additional charge of Warora for 18 months, since there was no RFO there.Similarly, there is no RFO in highly sensitive Chandrapur (territorial) after Abhay Badkelwar was promoted as ACF. Same is the situation in Chichpalli, Jivti, Virur and other tiger-bearing ranges.BSK Reddy, chief conservator of forests (CCF), Chandrapur Circle, said he had intimated the higher-ups about the vacant posts. \"It's true there is pressure as staff is busy with the one billion tree programme and other works, including protection,\" Reddy added.\"Tiger protection has become a joke. Despite a high-profile minister like Kadam at the helm of affairs, nothing can be more tragic for wildlife and forests in Chandrapur, which is recovering from the shock of poaching,\" said Suresh Chopne of Green Planet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15050672", "title": "Poll fever grips Rajasthan University", "text": "JAIPUR: After the announcement of student's union election on August 18, election fever has gripped the Rajasthan University. Both Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) and National Student's Union of India (NSUI) have intensified their election campaigns to woo young voters. The university campus and affiliated colleges are witnessing a rush of student leaders and their supporters.On Friday, ABVP welcomed new students and put vermillion on their foreheads at a function. Both the student unions are working on their strategies and discussing on the probable names for their candidates. It is expected that ABVP will not put up any female candidate for the elections this time. While NSUI is mulling on a female face so as to counter their opposition.Meanwhile, supporters of tentative candidates have already started interacting with both new and old students to garner support.\"I am expecting to run for the elections this time. My friends are working hard and urging the students to support me,\" a potential candidate campaigning on the campus said. However, some of the students are apprehensive about the interruption in their studies with the election announcement. \"The new session kicked off late due to technical glitches and now that elections have been announced, there will be disruptions in our studies. I don't think regular classes will be held for the next two months,\" said Kanishka Gaur, a student of Maharani's College.Student activists have also intensified demonstrations on issues relating to facilities provided for them by the insitutes. In Maharani's, the activists demanded proper water supply and ATM facility on the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mirati (birbhum)", "code": "15049820", "title": "Nostalgia, dreams soak Mirati on V-Day", "text": "Mirati (Birbhum): On judgement day , Mirati had woken up early. The rain-drenched pucca roads looked clean and swept. The open fields and farmlands glistened in the feeble sunrays that occasionally filtered through the clouds. The houses - big and small - basked in the glory that awaits this tidy little village made famous by its most illustrious son. People smiled and exchanged notes. They crowded around the village's only mansion - Mukherjee Bhawan - to catch up with the news of the Presidential elections pouring in through the TV channels. Never before has an election been followed so keenly at this Birbhum backyard, 200 km from Kolkata.But this one is special for Pranab Mukherjee , who was born and brought up here, is about to be elected President. And Mirati can't wait to see the 'little big man' of Indian politics take his rightful place as the head of the nation. The election, villagers felt, was now merely a formality with all major political factions rallying behind Mukherjee. But they still held prayer meetings and organized a yagna to make sure that nothing came in between the leader and the highest political office in the country. Kirtans were sung on the roads. \"We have been watching TV since eight in the morning but it has not been a nerve-wracking experience. Rather, we are enjoying the election process and are getting ready to celebrate. We know that Pranab babu will be declared elected on Sunday. But for us he is already the President,\" said a confident Rabi Chattoraj, a neighbour and a long-time associate of Mukherjee. A group of about 50 villagers, who had gathered at Mukherjee's residence since morning, cheered in unison. \"It's decided. Our village will give this country its first President from Bengal. Nothing could be more glorious for Mirati than this. It indeed calls for the celebration of the decade,\" said Gautam Sarkar, a local panchayat member. A grand feast was announced. Loads of sweets, crackers and abir have been stacked at the Mukherjee house store-rooms. A local folk band has composed a song paying tribute to him. Villagers waited for the CD to be brought from Suri town.While the youngsters exuded enthusiasm, the elderly reflected on Mukherjee's amazing journey to the top. Octogenarian Amar Datta, who taught him at Kirnahar School, looked dazed and overwhelmed. \"I can still recall how he would play soccer on the school ground with an improvised ball made of rolled taal leaves. Pranab was keen and curious. But it's incredible how he navigated through the murky world of politics and reached the summit. He has proved that nothing is impossible, even from a village like ours,\" Datta said.At Kirnahar, a kilometre from Mirati, Mukherjee's sister Annapurna Debi waited anxiously to talk to her brother. She has not been able to have a chat with him when he visited her last month, she complained. \"In fact, he has been so busy that we haven't had a talk for the past one year. I wish I could talk to him, now that he is about to be elected President. Even if it's for a minute on the phone, it would be enough. I would just take a word from him that he will visit me at least once before the pujas,\" she said.His daughter-in-law Lipika Banerjee and grand-daughter Rituparna had been trying to call Mukherjee since morning. But they couldn't get through. \"I guess he will call at night, as he usually does. We are excited and can't wait to talk to him. My daughter wishes to congratulate him in advance. He is not the sort who will show emotions. But this is a special occasion,\" said Lipika. Rituparna said she has already got her dadu's favourite chocolates in stock. \"If he manages to visit before the pujas we shall organize a lunch for him. The spread will include his favourite alur chachchari and mochar ghonto. He just loves them,\" said Lipika. But before that, the family led by Annapurna Debi will offer a puja at the local Jopeshwar temple renovated by him.On Thursday, the temple reverberated with sounds of prayers as a yagna was held in the courtyard. Two giant posters of Mukherjee were placed along a wall. They towered over the pyre around which half-a-dozen priests sat chanting shlokas for hours. \"This is just to ward off the evil effects. There are none at the moment, though,\" said one of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15052719", "title": "Congress leaders fumes against erratic power supply", "text": "AMRITSAR: Congress leaders and workers staged dharna and burnt effigy of Punjab government in front of the office of Punjab State Power Corporation Limited at Mall Road on Friday to protest against increase in electricity tariff and erratic power supply in Amritsar.While addressing the gathering former MLA Jasbir Singh Dimpa said \"We strongly condemn the act of state government for increasing electricity tariff arbitrarily.\" He said the hike in electricity tariff was not justified as common man was already feeling the pinch of inflation.Due to policies of state government people were not even able to afford a two square meal . \"The government that claims to make Punjab a power surplus state is unable to provide even 8 hours of electricity supply,\" he ridiculed .Talking about the industry he said \"Industry is already in crisis and many industrialists have already migrated to neighbouring states, instead of giving additional benefits to the industry, the government is only adding to their problems due to unannounced power cuts\" he said. The Congress leaders warned of launching a statewide agitation if state government didn't give any reprieve to common man and industry. \"We will intensify our agitation and will gherao Deputy Commissioner's office from next wee\" said a Congress leader Nirmal Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "15051196", "title": "Newborn care unit to come up in Gumla district", "text": "Gumla: The district will soon have a centralized sick newborn care unit (SNCU) with the objective to reduce infant mortality rate (IMR) which is 48 per 1000 births, at present.Under the National rural health mission (NRHM), the state government has sanctioned the unit which will incur a cost of Rs 50 lakh, including Rs 17 lakh for renovation and 25 lakh for equipment. It will be built in a 1200 square ft hall in Sadar Hospital, Gumla and will have 16 beds, said Unicef regional coordinator Pawan Kumar.Unicef has provided technical support to the initiative by taking expertise from an engineer in Hyderabad, said Dr Madhulika, health officer with Unicef.This centralized SNCU will have 24 staff members, including 12 staff nurses and three child specialists. Gumla SNCU will be third after RIMS, Ranchi and Ghatshila in East Singhbhum in the state. Palamu and Chaibasa in West Singhbhum too will have a SNCU.The newborns suffer from jaundice, hypothermia and pneumonia with low weight which prove fatal to them, say doctors. This will help in checking new born mortality rate in the district with high incidence of poverty in rural habitation, they feel.The proposed SNCU will have radiant warmers and waiting rooms, Pawan Kumar added. Of 16 beds, 10 will be allotted to the ones that take birth in the same hospital and six for the referred infants from different community health centres (CHCs) in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15048973", "title": "Court orders cleaning of Kushak drain on RWA plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking cognizance of a letter written by the residents welfare association of a south Delhi colony, the Delhi high court has issued directions to the MCD.A division bench led by Justice Sanjay Kishen Kaul on Wednesday directed the south Delhi MCD to clean Kushak Nallah \u2014 a rivulet that flows near the INA market and Thyagraj sports complex. The court acted on a letter sent to it by the RWA of South Extension - 1 apprising HC of the shoddy job done by the civic agency in their area.The PIL stated, \"Lakhs of rupees have been spent in cleaning Kushak Nallah but unfortunately the silt (plastic bags and other waste material) has not been removed till date and lot of malba and silt have been formed as a result.\" The RWA lamented that during monsoon, all the silt slips back into the nallah resulting in overflowing and this affects areas like South Extension Part - 1, Pillangi Gaon, Sewa Nagar, Thyagraj Nagar, INA Colony, Prem Nagar, Lodi Colony.The letter further informs the bench - which is hearing a petition on waterlogging problem in the city - that many areas in South Extension Part - 1 are of low-lying area and just half an hour of rains leads to water logging up to two feet. The overflowing water often spills inside houses resulting in huge losses to residential properties. Praying for appropriate directions to Delhi Government and south Delhi municipal coporation (SDMC), the RWA said they should take immediate action so that the \"problem of water clogging in the area as well as adjoining areas is solved\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15049652", "title": "Take action against misuse of domestic cylinders, says DM", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to prevent black-marketing, illegal refilling and misuse of the domestic LPG cylinders, district magistrate Anurag Yadav ordered starting a campaign to help consumers lodge a complain against such malpractices. \"Any consumer who finds an agency or people involved in illegal refilling may complain immediately to the regional food and civil supplies officer,\" said Sanjay Kumar Singh, ADM, Supplies on Thursday.Singh said that surprise raids were conducted on Thursday by a team of officials of supply department, where 13 domestic gas cylinders, two brass cylinders, a spring balance used for illegal refilling were recovered. He added that since April 2012, a total of 86 gas cylinders, a maruti van, one spring balance, 14 regulators have been confiscated after surprise raids conducted by the supply department. An FIR has been lodged against three out and a fine of Rs seven lakh have been imposed if the raids were found irregular.Following are the numbers of the respective regional food officer and supply inspector where consumers can lodge their complaints. Bhankar Dutt Mishra, regional food manager, Yahiyaganj - 9415964393. SV Shahi, regional food manager, Alambagh and Hazratganj- 9415023989. Mala Kumari, regional food manager, Rajajipuram-9415264027. Manoj Kumar Uttam, regional food manager, Chowk-99351224787. TN Chaurasiya, regional food manager, Gomtinagar- 9415466219. Ram Kumar Bharma, regional food manager, Wazirganj-9793275631.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15050574", "title": "Suburban network\u2019s killer line claims 1 life every day", "text": "More than 220 people lost their lives in 176 accidents on the rail tracks on the Chennai Beach-Guduvanchery stretch between January and mid-July this year, say government railway police (GRP) figures. On the same 46km stretch during the same period last year, 208 people died in 180 accidents. Kodambakkam and Pallavaram-Chromepet and Urapakkam remain the deadliest points with 48, 45 and 13 deaths respectively.Most of those killed were in the 18-30 age group and many were talking on mobile phones while crossing tracks, police sources said. More than 40% of the total accidents on the Beach-Guduvanchery line occurred within the limits of these stations, GRP sources said. Early this week, Southern Railway's Safety Division along with Railway Protection Force and GRP personnel launched an awareness programme on the menace of footboard travel and talking on mobile phones while crossing tracks. On an average, every fifteen minutes a train passes through the suburbs on this stretch.During rush hours, the frequency comes down to 10 minutes. Nearly 286 suburban services are operated between Chennai Beach and Tambaram daily. The lack of side walls along the tracks at most stations, sources said, is a big problem. Trespassing is frequent, they said. At Kodambakkam station, footboard travelling is rampant and the main cause for the high number of fatal accidents. Most youngsters wear headphones and don't hear an approaching train until it is too late, said railway sources. \"Trains are not like buses where brakes can be applied suddenly.Even after the brakes are applied, the train comes to a halt only after travelling a certain distance,\" said railway police force (Tambaram) inspector Manoj Kumar . The many human habitations on both sides of the tracks are a big threat. Residents of slums near Kodambakkam station and migrant workers in Urapakkam use dismantled or unused metre gauge tracks as toilets and often become victims of train accidents.\"There is another problem. Often, migrant workers, who go in small groups to the track side, keep stones on joints of two tracks that leads to wires of train signals being cut. As a result, the signal always shows red and results in train delays,\" said a railway source. Cattle crossing tracks is another irritant and is the cause of at least 10 disruptions of trains between Guindy and Guduvanchery every month, said a railway source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15052797", "title": "Tolly celebs at a launch party of a production house", "text": "It was the launch party of a production house at a city star hotel on Wednesday, that saw Tolly celebs in full attendance.The first film of the production house, \"Asharey Goppo... Just Filmy\", by Arindam Chakraborty, was also announced at the do. After the launch, it was time to unwind at the lounge where our stars got busy catching up with each other. Tapas Paul and Satabdi Roy's presence made sure that there was ample representation from the political arena too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049054", "title": "Differently abled athletes to get equal treatment", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Cabinet on Thursday decided to treat differently abled athletes on par with regular athletes in service matters if they are in public employment. The move is part of the government's decision to give out-of-turn promotions to athletes in government jobs or working in public sector units for winning medals for the country in international events such as Olympics, World Championships and Asian Games.Sportspersons who bring laurels for the nation will be entitled to three such promotions in their career. Similarly, differently abled athletes will also be entitled to out-of-turn promotions if they win medals in international events.The proposal is sure to come as a big encouragement for the Indian contingent participating in the London Olympic as 64 sportspersons out of the 81 who qualified for the mega event are working for the government or public sector units.AIFF holds meeting on IPL-style leagueNew Delhi: IMG-Reliance, the commercial partners of the All India Football Federation, on Thursday had another round of discussion with the AIFF top brass on the IPL-style league which both the stakeholders want to start next year. The meeting, which was held at the Heavy Industries Ministry with Praful Patel on the chair, discussed various modalities of the proposed league but there was no concrete decision taken on any aspect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049572", "title": "Online portal to look into ragging plaints in 15 minutes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come July 26, students at universities and professional institutions can lodge online complaints against ragging or harassment by anyone on the campus. A mechanism is being put in place to ensure that the complaints are followed up with the institutes' administration and police within 15 minutes of receiving a complaint.The HRD ministry is likely to unveil the portal on July 26, and the facility is being developed with the help of Rajendra Kachroo, father of Aman, who lost his life to ragging at a medical college in Kangra, Himachal Pradesh , in 2009.The University Grants Commission (UGC) took up the initiative at the behest of a Supreme Court order. While hearing ragging-related cases, the Supreme Court had ordered the government on May 8, 2009, to take several measures to combat the menace, including setting up of a central crisis hotline and anti-ragging database containing the details of each student.\"The portal will help students lodge their complaints, and it will be our responsibility to reach the administration quickly. All our communication, talks and discussions would be posted on the web so that the victim has complete access to what has happened since s/he lodged the compliant. The entire file on such cases will be uploaded,\" Rajendra Kachroo told TOI.The portal also promises to end the practice of students being made to file an affidavit on non-judicial stamp paper pledging against ragging. \"They can download the affidavit from the website, and fill relevant details for submission. Affidavit filing will not only be hassle free, but also help create a database of all students,\" he added.The UGC had appointed the Aman Satya Kachroo Trust, of which Rajendra is the founding trustee, as the monitoring agency of the anti-ragging call centre. Now, the call centre receives about 35-40 distressed calls from students across the country. Kachroo said that most of the complaints are against harassment. \"The launching of government website will have a greater impact on students, and we expect increased awareness among students. It will encourage them to report in case they are targeted or harassed by anyone on the campus,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "15048644", "title": "Yousuf Raza Gilani's son wins parliamentary seat vacated by him", "text": "LAHORE: Senior Pakistan People's Party leader Yousuf Raza Gilani's son on Thursday won a byelection to the parliamentary seat in Punjab province that fell vacant when the former premier was disqualified by the Supreme Court last month.Gilani's son Abdul Qadir Gilani won in the family's traditional stronghold of Multan by bagging 64,628 votes, according to unofficial results flashed by the state-run media.His closest rival, Shaukat Bosan, an independent candidate backed by parties like the PML-N and Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaf, secured 60,532 votes in the closely contested bypoll.Observers said the victory was significant as it came in the wake of the former premier's conviction and disqualification by the apex court for refusing to reopen graft cases against President Asif Ali Zardari as well as growing disenchantment with the PPP-led government at the centre following widespread allegations of corruption.However, they pointed out that Gilani's son had won by a margin of just over 4,000 votes - an indication of the support extended to Bosan by \"anti-PPP forces\" like the Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaf led by Imran Khan and the PML-N, which rules Punjab.\"Today the people gave their verdict. They have given a befitting reply to those who had sent my father packing. The anti-democratic forces should now stop conspiring against the PPP as it still the most popular party of the country,\" Abdul Qadir Gilani said.During a three-week campaign, the Gilanis targeted the judiciary more than other political parties.Abdul Qadir said: \"The people today have made it clear that they did not like its (judiciary's) decisions.\"PPP insiders were of the view that Thursday's bypoll was more a contest between the PPP and the superior judiciary led by Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry and right wing parties.No other mainstream political party had fielded a candidate against Gilani's son but all of them, including the PML-N and religious parties like Jamaat-e-Islami, supported Bosan, the brother of senior Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaf leader Sikandar Bosan.Bosan's election billboards and posters prominently features photos of Imran Khan, Nawaz Sharif, Punjab chief minister Shahbaz Sharif and Jamaat-e-Islami chief Munawar Hasan - evidence of the support he enjoyed from these leaders.\"We are supporting Bosan as we want him and his brother to join the PML-N and contest on our party's platform,\" PML-N spokesman Pervaiz Rashid said.Though Imran Khan announced that he would not forge an alliance with any other party, observers said the PML-N and Tehrik-e-Insaf were virtually in an alliance for the bypoll.On the other hand, senior PPP leader Haider Zaman Qureshi said all anti-PPP forces had joined hands to defeat Gilani's son.\"On top of that, the judiciary has a stake in this byelection. It is trying to ensure that the PPP loses this seat, otherwise there will be a curse all around on the judiciary for disqualifying Yousuf Raza Gilani ,\" he said.Qureshi alleged this was the reason why Chief Justice Chaudhry had delayed the swearing in new Chief Election Commissioner Fakharuddin G Ebrahim and sent acting CEC Justice Shakirullah Jan, a serving judge of the apex court, to the constituency to oversee a \"game plan\" to defeat Abdul Qadir Gilani.He contended the acting CEC had ensured that voters' lists were not provided to candidates so that they could not make arrangements to transport voters to polling stations.Under the new rules, candidates cannot directly provide transport to the voters.Qureshi said the turnout was not high because of this reason.\"The Election Commission is supposed to provide them with transport but it has only a few vehicles at its disposal,\" he said.The PML-N government in Punjab too was using state ministry to influence the polls, he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049095", "title": "Missing student\u2019s body found in northwest Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 20-year-old BCom student was found murdered in the Maurya Enclave area of northwest Delhi on Wednesday. Shivam Kapoor, a businessman's son, had been missing since Tuesday evening. His body had stab marks and acid had been poured on his face.Kapoor had left home around 10.30pm on Tuesday. \"He said he was going out for a stroll and would return in 15 minutes. When I called him around 11pm, he told me that he had gone to Vijay Vihar to have ice-cream. After some time I dialled his number again but his phone was switched off,\" said Shivam's elder brother.The family approached the police the next morning. Kapoor's body was found near a drain around 4pm. Three people, including a woman have been detained in the connection, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15049774", "title": "Mystery shrouds student's death", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A college student died after suspected ragging in Madanpur area on the outskirts of Bhubaneswar on Thursday, sparking tension in the private institute.The Plus II science student Ipsit Nayak's body was found floating in an artificial pond of a stone quarry, a day after he went missing. The pond was located a stone's throw from NIIS Institute of Business Management where he was studying.\"My son became a victim of ragging in the college. Some of his rival seniors (from Bihar ) insisted him to play with them. They later murdered him and threw him in the pond,\" the deceased's father Rajendra Nayak told media persons. He lodged a complaint in this regard at Janla police outpost demanding arrest of the accused.\"Prima facie it seems to be a simple case of drowning. There were no external injuries on the body. Postmortem report can establish the exact cause of the death,\" said Janla outpost in-charge Dhruba Charan Pradhan.College principal Bhabani Sankan Rath refuted the charges of ragging. \"We do not encourage ragging in the institute. The students, along with Nayak, were playing. Perhaps he drowned while swimming in the pond, \" he said. The college was declared closed sine die after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "field ganj", "code": "15050810", "title": "Kingpin of vehicle-liftersa gang arrested", "text": "FIELD GANJ: The kingpin of an inter-district vehicle lifters and snatchers' gang, Tejinder Pal Singh, alias Bunty, a resident of Virk village of Ludhiana district, was arrested from Field Ganj on Thursday afternoon.A revolver, three pistols and six cartridges of 32 bore were recovered from the possession of the accused, who has many cases registered against him.Additional deputy commissioner of police (ADCP), crime, Harjinder Singh told the media, \"Tejinder Pal had been active in the city for long. Three of his associates were arrested last year.\" \"He was nabbed on a tip-offa?\u00a6 he was here to commit another crime. From his bag, we recovered arms and ammunition that he had procured from Uttar Pradesh. He said the revolver belonged to him and that he had an arms license,\" he added.The ADCP said the accused's father, Jagdev Singh, was behind bars in a poppy husk smuggling case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15050033", "title": "One dead as ambulance runs into lorry near Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: A 108 ambulance vehicle that was returning after attending an emergency, met with an accident in the rural limits, killing the technician, while the driver suffered injuries in the wee hours of Thursday.The ambulance was based in Kottampatti near Melur and the ambulance crew was called to Melur Government Hospital for an emergency, as a pregnant woman, who was admitted in the hospital developed complications in her labour. Ambulance driver, Ilango (35) and technician Saravanakumar (35) rushed the woman to the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) in Madurai.After admitting the woman in GRH, they were returning to their base when the ambulance collided with a lorry that was going from Trichy to Madurai. Saravanakumar was killed on the spot while Ilango sustained injuries. Kottampatti police rushed to the spot and conducted rescue operations.Police sources said that the ambulance was going back to Kottampatti from Melur when the ambulance driver accidentally collided with the lorry. Police said that since the ambulance driver was at fault, a case was booked against him and was arrested.The victim, Saravanakumar was an MSc graduate from Melur and was working for 108 ambulance for the last three years. A case has been registered in Kottampatti police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053234", "title": "Nara Rohit\u2019s new movie is Madrasi", "text": "Actor Nara Rohit's new movie has been titled \"Madrasi\". This action drama will be directed by Vijay Krishna and produced by Ravi Vallabhaneni of 'Prasthanam' fame. The movie's launch took place today (July 20) near Hitex in Hyderabad and Bellamkonda Suresh gave the first clap.The leading lady of the film is yet to be announced but the makers said that the regular shooting of Madrasi will commence in August. Rohit, who made his debut with an off beat flick \"Baanam\", has been eyeing commercial films of late. The actor is currently wrapping up the shooting of Srinivas Raga-directed film Okkadine, co-starring Nithya Menen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15049191", "title": "Killers bumped off wrong man", "text": "CHENNAI: Why would a gang of professional killers target a cab driver with no criminal background and no known enemies? Police were flummoxed when they began a probe into the murder of Aravindan, 30, a resident of Ayyappan Nagar, who was hacked to death by a gang of seven men on the night of July 2.Two days after the murder, two men surrendered before the George Town court, claiming that they killed the cabbie because he had an affair with the wife of a realtor named Mohan. When investigators took a close look at their story, the claims did not add up.Investigators grilled the men and were taken aback to find that the contract killers murdered Aravindan because they mistook him for a 39-year-old realtor, Govindaraj.Police on Thursday arrested 13 men for the murder and said they are searching for two others involved in the crime. An investigating officer said the killers had paid two men to surrender in court so police would be thrown off track.\"Govindaraj, of Ponneri, ran a real estate business with Manikandan, Loganathan and Srinivasan,\" the officer said. \"They had a spat and began working separately. Govindaraj did business along with Manikandan and Loganathan and Srinivasan started their own firm.\"Govindaraj was attracting most of the customers, so Loganathan and Srinivasan plotted to bump him off. They contacted another realtor, Vimalraj, and paid him Rs 10 lakh to kill Govindaraj.Vimalraj approached Rajan and Sadiq Basha, who gave the job to Mohan of Thiruninravur. Mohan paid hired killers Natarajan, Madhan, Rajesh, Sethu, Ayyappan, Sathish and Venkatesan to eliminate Govindaraj.Joint commissioner of police (west) K Shankar said Govindaraj escaped the attack by sheer chance. Aravindan was driving Govindaraj to Senneerkuppam around 9.30 pm on July 2 when the gang forced Aravindan to pull over. \"The cab came to a halt with the left door against the footpath. \"Govindaraj was in the left front seat and could not get out,\" he said. Aravindan panicked and tried to escape.Though the killers had tracked Govindaraj for over a month, they were confused because the Aravindan looked like him and they were both wearing black trousers and white shirts, Shankar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049492", "title": "Cops knew of plan to attack Nashik police academy", "text": "MUMBAI: What Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) handler Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal said about a possible 26/11-like terror attack on the Nashik police academy was something the Maharashtra cops knew since September 2010, when they arrested a key Indian Mujahideen suspect, Bilal Baba Hussain Shaikh alias Bada Bilal (27).Jundal told the Delhi police that after the 26/11 attacks, the LeT shortlisted the Nashik academy-a state-level training institution for Maharashtra Police personnel-as a terror target. The plan was to emulate the 2009 attack on a police training academy in Lahore .\"What Jundal told the Delhi police about the plan to attack the Nashik academy was already known to us. Necessary instructions for the academy's security were issued after that. Shaikh was arrested in September 2010 along with German Bakery blast suspect, Mirza Himayat Baig,\" said a source in the state police. The ATS had arrested Shaikh, a college dropout, for allegedly planning terror attacks on the Nashik police commissionerate, the academy and the cantonment there.\"During interrogation, Shaikh admitted to having visited the Nashik police academy and surveyed the entire location. He had even told his mentors that the main gate should not be used to launch the attack as there was a lot of security there. He had suggested that another gate with relatively less security should be used. He had even given a description of the academy to his bosses,\" said a source in the security establishment.Baig's name had cropped up during interrogation. \"Baig has visited Nashik several times. Shaikh conducted a recce of the sites in Nashik and told Baig about them. Baig was aware of this conspiracy,\" the police said, claiming to have seized 700gm of RDX from Shaikh.Police claimed that Shaikh was hiding in Satpure area of Nashik, where he was living as Amin Manik Parekh.Originally from Hotagi village in Solapur district, Shaikh left college after he failed in his first year B.Sc. Police alleged that he went to Pakistan for terror training in January 2008 and returned a year later. He has been charged with plotting terror strikes in Maharashtra but has not been booked in the Pune blast case yet. After the Pune blast, Bilal left his village and started staying in Nashik. He was working in a company at Satpur in Nashik under another fictitious identity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049070", "title": "Man survives torn artery for 2 days before surgery", "text": "NEW DELHI: Not wearing a seat belt can put your heart at risk. Arun Bhati, a Greater Noida resident, learnt this the hard way when he met with a car accident recently. The 25-year-old had no superficial injury except for a scratch on the forehead and was discharged from a Noida hospital after a CT scan of the brain.But continuous chest pain for two days forced him to pay a second visit to the hospital. And Bhati was in for a major shock. Medical tests revealed that Bhati had a tear in his aorta \u2014 the vessel which carries blood from the heart to other parts of the body \u2014 due to which there was continuous bleeding. Had it not been for an emergency surgery conducted by doctors at Fortis Escorts Heart Institute, Bhati wouldn't have survived.\"Traumatic injury to the aorta is usually caused by high-speed impact. Because of a jolt, the aortic isthmus \u2014 which is immobile \u2014 suffers sear shock, causing it to tear. Most accident victims who suffer from this condition die within minutes of shock and heavy bleeding. But Bhati remained alive for over 48 hours because the break was small and bleeding was slow,\" said Dr Yugal K Mishra, director, department of cardiovascular surgery, who conducted the surgery. He said that wearing a seat belt can make a big difference in such cases because it reduces the impact of the jolt by stabilizing the body.In the 48-hour span after the accident, more than one litre of blood had collected on the left side of the patient's lung, the reason for the chest pain. \"Conducting an open surgery to repair the aorta was difficult because of the added risk of exacerbation of the tear due to any increase in blood pressure, which would almost inevitably kill the patient. So we went for a new, minimally invasive technique in which a catheter is inserted in the groin area and the tear is repaired using an endovascular stent. The surgery was completed in an hour and the patient is doing fine now,\" said Mishra.Bhati, a farmer, said he could be saved only because the operation was conducted in time. \"I was going to get medicines for my younger sister who suffers from kidney failure when the accident took place. I was driving without a seat belt and that caused the damage ,\" he said.Experts say that injury to the aorta in road accidents is cause of fatalities. \"Often, hospitals treat superficial wounds and neglect severe internal injuries like this which leads to the death of the victim,\" said a senior doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15048880", "title": "Life term to robber for murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a man to life imprisonment for murdering a 72-year-old professor at his residence in the capital while robbing him of his mobile phone.Additional sessions jugde Narinder Kumar handed down life sentence to Mukesh Kumar, 27, a native of Bihar, after finding him guilty of murdering V K Gupta, a professor at Sachdeva P T College, and robbing his mobile phone in February 2008.The court also slapped a fine of Rs 40,000 on the convict.The court gave its verdict on the basis of circumstantial evidence, one of which was that consequent upon of his arrest, Mukesh was found in possession of the mobile phone that he had robbed from the professor's house and the call detail records and the IEMI detail showed that he had been using the phone after the murder.The judge noted that Mukesh and his accomplice Vinod (declared proclaimed offender) were last seen at the residence of the professor by a neighbour's cook. Mukesh's refusal to undergo test identification parade also lend credence to his involvement in the murder.\"From the circumstances established on record, this court comes to the conclusion that the prosecution has fully established that it is the accused and another who committed robbery at the house of the professor and also committed murder of the professor and there is nothing on record consistent with the innocence of the accused,\" the ASJ said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049630", "title": "District forum order overturned over wrong info", "text": "MUMBAI: Observing that the onus of giving correct information lies with the insured and it is immaterial who fills the proposal form, the Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Commission recently overturned a district forum order that directed an insurance company to pay Rs 2 lakh to the son of man who died in 2003.Life Insurance Corporation of India filed an appeal against the forum order and iterated that the claim was rejected as the man had not disclosed that he had also taken another insurance policy.Setting aside the district forum order, the commission said, \"The learned district forum had failed to appreciate the facts in the right perspective and arrived at the wrong conclusion.\"In April 2001, Nandkishore Agarwal had taken an insurance policy from LIC India and the sum assured was Rs 2 lakh. But Nandkishore died in April 2003. His son Ashish filed a claim which was repudiated by the insurance company in March 2004. The company rejected the claim as Nandkishore had withheld material information while taking the policy. Considering this as deficiency in service, Ashish filed a complaint with the forum.The insurance company contested the complaint, sating that while submitting the proposal for the policy Nandkishore had not disclosed that he had already taken another policy.On March 1, 2011, the district forum directed the insurance company to pay an Rs 2 lakh along with interest. Aggrieved by the order, the insurance company filed an appeal challenging it.Ashish's counsel submitted to the commission that the proposal was filled by an agent and Nandkishore had not suppressed information. However, the commission observed, \"It is not material who fills the form, it is material to give correct information and it is the responsibility of the insured. The insurance is a contract between parties and is based on utmost good faith.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "15049170", "title": "Bizman abducted by Chiru's gunman", "text": "NIZAMABAD: Four cops of Andhra Pradesh Special Police (APSP) were arrested and sent to judicial remand for allegedly kidnapping a businessman to extort 'hidden treasure' from him. Among them were two gunmen of Rajya Sabha member Chiranjeevi and IPS officer Shivshankar. Three others, who helped them in this murky episode, have also been arrested and sent to remand.The accused cops were Addanki Sitaramulu, Uppala Srinivas, Vanam Haribabu and G Gopal. The victim, Koneru Krishna, was reportedly picked up by them from his house in Pitlam on July 11 and taken to Hyderabad where they harassed him about the purported hidden treasure. Sources said the cops along with their accomplices abducted Krishna after one Firoz Khan of Pitlam talked about the 'huge quantity' of gold stored by Krishna after he reportedly stumbled upon a hidden treasure in the Pitlam forests.Sources said the ten member extortion gang, including the four APSP cops, grilled Krishna regarding the whereabouts of the hidden gold. \"Unable to tolerate their torture, Krishna told them he had hidden the gold in his house. They took him back to his Pitlam residence. When they did not find any gold, they started harassing Krishna,\" a police official said.Krishna raised an alarm and neighbours came to his rescue. The cops and the kidnappers had fled the spot. Banswada rural CI Prakash Yadav said based on the victim's complaint; they registered a case and nabbed seven members of the gang, including the accused cops. \"We have produced them before the magistrate on Wednesday and remanded them to judicial custody,\" he said.While Sitaramulu was working as a gunman in the security wing of Chiranjeevi, head constable Srinivas was the gunman of IPS officer Shivshankar. Gopal had earlier worked in the chief minister's security wing, while Haribabu was stationed in Kondapur battalion. All the accused cops have been suspended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "15049796", "title": "BJD leader arrested for making 'fake' phone calls", "text": "KORAPUT: In an embarrassment to the ruling BJD, one of its leaders was arrested in Rayagada district on Wednesday for his involvement in making phone calls in the name of commissioner-cum-secretary of panchayati raj department Pradeep Kumar Jena to a few block development officers (BDOs) in the district and demanding money from them.Based on the complaint lodged by Gudari BDO K Nagabhusan, police arrested the ruling party leader identified as Manoranjan Sahu from Gunupur.\"During investigation it was found that the mobile phone number from which the calls were made was registered in the name of one Manoj Kumar Pradhan of Bhubaneswar. After Pradhan was arrested from the state capital, Sahu's name cropped up during interrogation. We grilled the BJD leader for a few hours prior to arresting him. He was sent to jail after the court rejected his bail plea,\" said Gunupur SDPO B K Panigrahi.According to police, a few days ago the BDOs of Gudari and Ramnaguda in the district had received phone calls in which the caller identified himself as the commissioner-cum-secretary of the panchayati raj department and had inquired about various development activities being executed in the block prior to demanding donation of Rs 50,000 to Rs 60,000 from the Ramnaguda BDO and Rs 1 lakh from Gudari BDO for the construction of a temple in Bhubaneswar.Police complaints were registered after secretary Praeeep Kumar Jena came to know about the incident and informed the BDOs that he had never called them and that it was the handiwork of some miscreants to make quick bucks.\"After calling the BDOs, Pradhan introduced Sahu to the officers through teleconferencing as one of his close aides and asked the BDOs to send the donation money to Sahu,\" the police officer said.When contacted, Gunupur MLA and president of BJD's Rayagada district unit Ram Murty Mutika refused to comment on the issue. \"I don't know anything about it,\" he said.Sources said Sahu, a veteran leader of the BJD, is one of the close associates of the Gunupur legislator. \"The BDOs of Chandrapur and Kolnara had also received such phone calls. All officials of the district have been instructed to report immediately if they get such fake calls,\" said Rayagada collector Nitin Bhanudas Jawle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kottavalasa, vizianagaram", "code": "15049021", "title": "11-year-old raped, murdered", "text": "KOTTAVALASA, VIZIANAGARAM: An 11-year-old girl was allegedly raped and later murdered by unidentified assailants when she was sleeping in her house in Nimmalapalem in Kottavalasa mandal in Vizianagaram districtin late hours of Wednesday.A police official said the sixth class student was strangled to death by the criminals.Her dress was torn apart as the assailants dragged her to the haystack from her house after forcing themselves on her. Her father, a dairy farm owner, found her dead in the morning. He lodged a complaint with the police.The family members suspect a young worker in the dairy farm behind the crime. They also suspect two women who were demanding the repayment of loans taken by the girl's father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15050150", "title": "Madhya Pradesh may get respite from humidity soon", "text": "BHOPAL: Sudden spurt of the activities in Bay of Bengal have come as a ray of hope for Madhya Pradesh that is reeling under dry and humid conditions despite the onset of monsoon a month back. The prolonged dry spell in the state is also a cause of concern for the farmers.The officials of the Meteorological department, Bhopal circle said the prevailing weather conditions in the Bay of Bengal are expected to form a low pressure area over the state within next 4 to 5 days. The increased moisture in the air that is resulting into localized rain could also be attributed to the same, the officials added.In the absence of sufficient rains, the temperature too has gone up in the state to a few notches.The maximum and minimum temperatures among the four main cities- Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 37.8 and 31.0 degrees Celsius.Bhopal recorded a maximum temperature of 32.5 (+2) degrees against a minimum of 25.3 (+2) degrees C.The maximum temperature at Indore was recorded at 32.0 (+3) degrees and minimum at 23.8 (+1) degrees C. Gwalior recorded the maximum temperature at 37.8 (+4) degrees and 31.0 (+5) degrees C was the minimum temperature there. Jabalpur recorded the maximum and minimum temperatures of 33.4 (+3) and 26.6 (+3) degrees Celsius respectively.The places that received rainfall and thundershowers included Balaghat, Ganjbasoda, Indore Katni and Satna. In the forecast for Friday, the weathermen said that rain or thunder shower was likely at a few places in the east MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049556", "title": "'Parents should teach kids to take responsibility for their actions'", "text": "MUMBAI: With the Mumbai police deciding to book the parents of the 17-year-old Jaihind College student who ran over a morning walker while illegally driving his father's car near Churchgate station on Wednesday, experts say the incident should serve as an eye-opener to parents.\"Parents, in wanting to be a friend, end up being overly liberal with their child. They forget that laws cannot be broken and an underage child should under no circumstances be allowed to drive a vehicle,\" said a senior paediatrician. He said that parents who cannot teach their children the meaning of social responsibility should be held accountable for any civic or criminal offence that their child may unknowingly commit. Letting an underage child drive the family car is one such offence.Jaslok Hospital's consultant psychiatrist Dr Samsah Sonawalla said it was wrong to give children independence without teaching them to take responsibility for their actions. \"It is healthy to be friends with your child, but it is also your responsibility to teach them the rules of safety, and the need to be accountable in the family, the community and society,'' she said.Experts agree that parenting is difficult in an electronic age where children are under the influence of 24x7 television and violent virtual games. But they said there is more reason than ever before to use the carrot-and-stick policy to modify such a child's behaviour: take away a privilege if the child watches excessive television, for instance. Dr Sameer Dalwai of the Indian Academy of Pediatrics blamed liberal parenting styles. \"Parents come to me saying their child is watching too much television and refuses to listen to them. They want me to ask the child to stop watching television,\" he said, adding that children cannot be allowed to dictate all the rules at home.Psychiatrist Harish Shetty said it took him a year of firm talking to his 17-year-old son who wanted to drive the family car because young teenagers are allowed to drive cars in the US. \"One day, he told me that rickshaw drivers often drive rashly. Gentle probing revealed that he had been taking \"lessons\" from our driver to drive the car within the housing complex,\" said Dr Shetty. The doctor then began sharing statistics with his son which showed that underage drivers caused more accidents. \"I also asked him how he would feel if I, his father, was knocked down on the road by an underage driver,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15050565", "title": "Corporators propose higher FSI in Pimpri-Chinchwad", "text": "PUNE: Some corporators from Pimpri-Chinchwad have sent a proposal to the PCMC's general body, suggesting that additional floor space index (FSI) be allowed for constructions on small plots measuring 500 sq ft to 2,000 sq ft. They say this will help curb the growth of unauthorized constructions.At present, the FSI for PCMC areas is 1 and there are many constructions in violation of this. In recent months the civic body has undertaken many drives to demolish such illegal structures.The proposal, forwarded by former standing committee chairman Prashant Shitole and senior corporator Narayan Bahirwade, states that residents have built their homes on small plots ranging from half a guntha to two gunthas (guntha = 1,000 sq ft). \"The civic body must allow double FSI, in addition to the permissible FSI for the plots. It must also make requisite changes in the existing rules. This will reduce the burden on basic utilities like water supply, electricity and drainage,\" the proposal states.The proposal was approved by the city improvement committee (CIC) of the PCMC last month.Speaking to TOI, NCP corporator Prashant Shitole said, \"The common man faces many hardships in getting building permission from the civic body. One of the main problems is getting the plot measured. Someone who owns a small plot of land has to pay measurement fees for the entire survey number, which could be around two or three acres of land. This turns out to be very expensive, almost as much as building a small house.\"He said that civic officials from the town planning or building permission departments should be given the power to conduct the measurement of plots. \"We will also suggest some more changes to be made in the rules so that the common man gets the building permission and then begins constructing his house. This will prevent new, unauthorized constructions from coming up,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15050662", "title": "Bhakra-Beas project: People demand return of surplus land, threaten agitation", "text": "SHIMLA: People affected by the 35-year-old Beas-Satluj Link (BSL) project have warned the government of launching an agitation for securing their lands that were returned by the authorities after being declared surplus.Guman Singh of Himalaya Abhiyan Nithi (HAN), an NGO, said, \"To our surprise, RTI information revealed that the Bhakra Beas Management Board, which operates the BSL project, returned 486 bighas of surplus land to the state that was acquired between 1961 and 1977, when the project was being executed.\"Whereas, only about 3,500 square metres of surplus land was returned to five families at Ropa village in Sundernagar area, the remaining has been leased out to Tibetan refugees, the Army, a Navodaya school, police and other departments, he said.\"It is a clear violation of the terms under which the land was acquired in the first place,\" said Kulbushan Upmanyu, member of the organization. Kulbushan said they would protest and move the court. A rally would be organized in the first week of August, he said.Demanding return of the surplus land to the farmers, some of whom over the years have become marginal farmers or even landless, the NGO claimed that BBMB and state authorities had not provided relief and rehabilitation packages that were agreed upon when the project was proposed.The Beas-Satluj link project has diverted River Beas by constructing a dam at Pandoh near Mandi through a tunnel-cum-open channel waterway that also operates a 900MW Dehar hydropower project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15050478", "title": "Gastro cases rise in Patiala colonies, claims 3 lives", "text": "PATIALA: Three persons died of suspected gastroenteritis in Badungar colony of Patiala on Thursday. More than 150 patients have been admitted in various hospitals of city. On July 13, Punjab chief minister had sought detailed report from Patiala DC and directed to take immediate steps, but CM directions failed to move authorities.The city has been witnessing an increasing number of gastroenteritis cases for the last 15 days or so. More than 250 patients have come for treatment from Sanjay colony, Badungar colony and some other parts of city. But except for lip service, the authorities have not taken the required steps. Three residents of Badungar -- including Naraiyan Singh , Gurdyal Singh and Gurdev Kaur -- died on Thursday morning.\"They were suffering from gastro only because of the supply of contaminated water. Gastro is not a serious disease but they could recover as they did not receive timely treatment. The health department did nothing and only woke up in the morning, when officials got to know about three deaths,\" alleged Sukhi, a youngsters from Badungar colony.Some trucks passing from the area had damaged water supply pipe lines on Saturday evening and potable water got mixed with sewage water. But residents were unaware of this and continued to use that contaminated water till Sunday, when Patiala municipal corporation authorities repaired the damaged pipes. Health experts say the drinking of polluted water is bound to cause gastro in whole of Badungar colony.\"They have taken contaminated water and it will cause gastro and other diseases. Though it seems that all three died of gastro, we have to check their medical history to ascertain the exact cause of deaths,\" said Dr Deepak Bhatia, state head of Integrated disease surveillance project of Punjab.After hearing about three deaths, he along with his team reached at Patiala and conducted investigations at his own level to submit report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15048771", "title": "Man gets 7-yr rigorous imprisonment for rape attempt on child", "text": "NAGPUR: District and sessions judge GJ Akarte has sentenced a 23-year-old to seven years imprisonment and imposed a fine of Rs1,000 for a rape attempt on an eight-year-old girl who lived in his neighbourhood at Brahmi village in Kalmeshwar. The court has also awarded five years and six-month imprisonment terms, apart from fine, for two separate charges under Scheduled tribes and Scheduled castes (Prevention of Atrocity) Act.Accused Mangesh Bokade was held guilty by the court for offences registered under section 376 and 511 of the Indian Penal Code for rape attempt and Atrocity Acts slapped on him by the Kalmeshwar police on June 4 last year.Bokade was arrested on the following day. He had been lodged in the Central Jail since the arrest. It is learnt that Bokade had tried to ravage the girl after luring her to his place when her parents had gone to work. The girl had raised an alarm and managed to wriggle free from Bokade's clutch. She later revealed the incident to her mother who reported the matter to the police.Additional public prosecutor Ram Anwane said that seven witnesses were examined by the court but the narration of the victim played a turning point. \"We had argued that the court must consider that the family of the girl faced so much humiliation post incident that they had to shift from the village,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15052129", "title": "Ajay Devgn brings horses back in action", "text": "He has balanced on two bikes, proposed Bipasha Basu from an upside down car and fought dozens of goons with a single stick. And now, Ajay Devgn will bring horses back to action. In an exclusive sneak peek into a 3-minute long promo of Ashwini Dhir's Son Of Sardar, TOI spotted the actor jumping onto a white stallion in a way few actors have dared to do.On March 30, we told you how Ajay Devgn was gearing up to reinterpret his famous Phool Aur Kaante stunt, this time with a pair of horses. And finally, in the promo that has Devgn's voice over throughout, we saw him jumping on a moving horse from top of a parked car.\"The sequence was shot in April at the historical Qila Mubarak Fort in Patiala, which is around 250 years old. There's also a Kali temple in the vicinity that he visited before the gruelling schedule began,\" revealed a source close to the proj ect.Devgn took around three to four days to shoot the particular sequence. \"Being action master Veeru Devgn's son, Ajay understands the technicalities too well. He wanted it to be perfect. And did not give up till the end,\" added the source.And it was four days of really hard work. \"We would start at 7 am. And continue shooting for the rest of the day. Before starting to roll the camera, Ajay would rehearse extensively. In fact, for the first hour or so, he would just spend time riding the horse, galloping it. He needed to familiarise himself with the animal's gait since he had to jump on it in motion,\" the source told TOI.Interestingly, this mean stunt sequence is engineered by the same man, who introduced Devgn atop two bicycles in Phool Aur Kaante - Jai Singh. \"Ajay shares a very good rapport with the action director. They have worked together in many films lik e Bol Bachchan, Singham and Golmaal 3 in recent times,\" said the source.Singh and his team of action directors remained on their toes throughout the sequence. \"Though Ajay is very good with stunts, it was really a dangerous one even for him. The team of action directors would plan everything in advance. Go over the plan with Ajay beforehand and keep really close during the shoot,\" the source told us.And the result of all the hard work was a slick stunt for all to see.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049166", "title": "India, Pakistan discuss additional cross-LoC CBMs", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Pakistan on Thursday discussed modalities for introducing additional cross-LoC confidence building measures in a meeting in Islamabad. The two countries, during the foreign secretary level talks on July 4-5 in Delhi, had decided to hold a meeting of the India-Pakistan Joint Working Group on Cross-LoC CBMs.\"The two sides reviewed the progress since the last meeting of the Joint Working Group on Cross-LoC CBMs and discussed modalities for strengthening and streamlining the existing trade and travel arrangements across the LoC,'' the foreign ministry said in a statement.The Pakistani delegation was headed by Zehra Akbari, director general (south Asia), ministry of foreign affairs, while the Indian side was led by Y K Sinha, joint secretary (PAI), ministry of external affairs. The statement also said the meeting was held in a \"cordial and constructive atmosphere\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "15050716", "title": "Farmer ends life over lack of rain", "text": "Bijapur: A farmer committed suicide by strangling himself on Monday. The deceased has been identified as Basappa alias Basavaraj Bhimaray Chennapattan, 45, from Sindageri village.According to police, Basappa had availed for a loan facility from Syndicate Bank Yalawar branch for Rs 50,000 and from PKP Society of Sharanasomanal to the tune of Rs 35,000. Additionally, he had to repay his loan of Rs 3 lakh , borrowed from villagers, for the development of his field.Unable to bear the losses over lack of monsoon in the district, which affected his crops, Basappa ended his life.Basappa's wife, Sarojini Basappa Chennapattan, lodged a complaint at Basavana Bagewadi police station on Wednesday under section 174 of CRPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15049989", "title": "IG pulls up Lanka police for laxity", "text": "VARANASI: Despite availability of 190 policemen at Lanka police station, only 40 are being utilized for picket and night patrolling duties.Poor manpower management and many other shocking facts surfaced when IG Brij Bhushan reached Lanka police station on Thursday morning for inspection. It came to light that against the total crimes committed in the jurisdiction of Lanka police, the number of solved cases is meagre. Giving a week to ensure improvement in working, the IG warned that in case of failure in ensuring improvement, the station officer would be removed.It was detected that 49 cases of vehicle lifting had taken place in the past three months. Out of these, only three have been worked out. More shocking was the record of theft cases. In past three months, 11 cases of theft had been registered while the cops succeeded in working out only one case.Bhushan sought details of picket and patrolling duties. The SO informed that 190 constables and head constables are posted at the station. Despite the availability of huge manpower, only 40 cops are being utilized for picket and night patrolling duties daily.He said that if the strength is properly utilized for night patrolling and picket points are increased, cases of theft and vehicle lifting can be checked effectively. The IG was unhappy with the high number of public grievances pending for disposal while the progress in investigation of cases was also not found satisfactory. Bhushan expressed unhappiness over the inaction of police in land and property disputes that can lead to body offences. He found that officers were paying no attention towards the need of basic policing. The IG issued instructions for disposal of vehicles dumped inside the police station.Bhushan asked SSP B D Paulson and SP (city) S K Singh to ensure improvement in policing in the jurisdictions of Lanka, Sigra, Bhelupur, Manduadih and Chetganj police. Most of the crimes in the district take place in these areas, he said, the improvement in working of cops posted at these stations would help in bringing drown the graph of crime in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15049188", "title": "Film industry seeks exemption from service tax", "text": "HYDERABAD: The various bodies of the Indian film industry is all set to approach the government with their plea to exempt them from the purview of the newly imposed service tax of 12.36%.According to the new service tax rules, every person who earns more than Rs 10 lakh per annum will have to pay a service tax of 12.36%. But the contention of the film association members is that since they anyway pay income tax and since the producers are already paying service tax, they should not be asked to pay the same again.On Wednesday, the Andhra Pradesh Film Chamber of Commerce (APFCC) organised a meeting of producers, actors, technicians and distributors to inform them about the new service tax regulation. An expert on indirect taxes, K Vaitheeshwaran from Chennai, explained in detail the provisions that would be relevant to the film industry at the meeting held at the film chamber's office at Filmnagar. The participants were also informed that under the provisions, they will also have to get a service tax number to deposit the tax.\"Service tax is a burden for the film industry which already pays various taxes. If the film industry cannot be exempted, the tax levied should not be more than 3-4%,\" D Suresh Babu, president, AP Film Chamber of Commerce told TOI. According to Suresh Babu, film trade bodies in the country will make a forceful argument to the government on the issue of service tax.Since they will be the ones to bear the brunt of the new service tax, the producers are also in the forefront opposing this new move as the remuneration of the artists and technicians will go up.Sources said industry representatives are likely to meet a PMO official in the next couple of days in Mumbai. Apart from the Film Federation of India (FFI), the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FIwill also be recommending the case of the film industry.There is a reason for the various sectors of the film industry coming together to oppose the service tax.It may be mentioned here that the film chamber has also represented to the state government to exempt the film industry from VAT as various other taxes are already being collected from the industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "15049570", "title": "Police arrest four dacoits in Muzaffarpur", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Four dacoits, who committed dacoities under Kanti and Maniyari police station areas in Muzaffarpur district during last two nights and injuring four persons in firing and bomb explosions, have been identified by the victims when the police arrested them.Giving this information to TOI here on Thursday, Senior SP Rajesh Kumar said the same gang committed dacoities in Kanti and Maniyari. Eight members of the gang have been identified and the remaining criminals would be arrested soon, he said.About two dozen criminals raided the house of a retired teacher, Parmanand Thakur, at Madhopur Susta village under Maniyari PS area in the wee hours of Thursday and looted property totaling Rs 3.50 lakh, shot at and grievously injured Thakur's son, Subodh, when he resisted them. The critically injured person has been rushed to Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) for treatment.The dacoits also looted two houses simultaneously including one belonging to a homeguard jawan at Pakri Jalalpur village under Kanti PS area on Tuesday night. The criminals injured three persons by exploding bombs while escaping with the booty. More than half-a-dozen dacoities have been committed in the rural areas of the district in the last one month, according to reports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15054050", "title": "Samsung launches Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 in India, priced @ Rs 32,990", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samsung's Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 has officially launched in India. The tablet is available on the company's e-store priced at Rs 32,990.Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 is successor to its earlier launched Galaxy Tab 750. The tablets runs on a 1GHz dual core processor and comes with 1GB of DDR 2 RAM. Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 comes pre-installed with Android 4.0 or Ice Cream Sandwich operating system.The tablet's 10.1 inch display features a capacitive screen with new PLS (Plane to Line Switching) technology. For connectivity the tablet has HSPA+, HSPA+ 3G options.There's a 3 megapixel rear camera which can record videos in HD 720p resolution. There's also a VGA camera for video conferencing and video calling. The tablet has a 7000 mAh battery.The tablet comes only in 16GB variant only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15049920", "title": "Officials blame fake medical certificates for Amarnath pilgrims death", "text": "SRINAGAR: Shri Amarnathji Shrine Board CEO Navin Chowdary on Thursday blamed \" fake medical certificates\" for the death of over 100 pilgrims en route to the cave shrine in South Kashmir Himalayas since late last month.\"Yatris despite suffering from serious ailments and being unfit for high altitude travel had been able to secure medical certificates from registered medical practitioners from outside the state,\" he said.The Supreme Court had issued a notice to the Centre seeking details of medical arrangements for the pilgrims on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kolar", "code": "15049212", "title": "Night soil carrying still goes on in Kolar", "text": "KOLAR: The practice of manual scavenging refuses to go away, with three men being employed to clean up a blocked manhole in Kolar. This, despite both the Union and state governments passing a number of legislations to prohibit night soil carrying. Last year, urban development minister S Suresh Kumar had also given an assurance that no such incidents would recur.Kolar CMC commissioner M Mahendra Kumar told TOI here on Thursday that he was informed about three men being employed by the warden of the Backward Class and Minorities Hostel to clean up a manhole near the hostel, on Wednesday evening.The commissioner said the civic body has a sucking machine to clean up dry latrines and manholes in Kolar, but the hostel warden did not inform the civic body about the clogged manhole. Instead, he hired men to clean it up, in gross violation of section 3 of the Employment of Manual Scavengers Act.The commissioner also said the incident took place late in the evening, but he was informed only on Thursday morning. \"I visited the spot and summoned the hostel warden Rahman Khan, who said he was not aware that the civic body had a sucking machine, and had hired three labourers to get the work done,'' Kumar said.Based on this information, the commissioner lodged a complaint with Kolar deputy commissioner CS Vishwanath, seeking action against the warden and the three men, who are not pourakarmikas employed by the CMC. Vishwanath said he has asked the CEO of the Kolar zilla panchayat to submit a report on the incident, following which action will be taken.Kumar said such inhuman acts can be prevented only through proper implementation of the provisions under the Act. He said the civic body has been keeping a close watch over the activities of people engaged in such work and the public should cooperate with the CMC by checking such incidents.Sanjappa, district officer for backward classes and minorities, said the warden had hired the labourers only to get some pipes cleaned and not the manhole. However, he said he would summon the official for a clarification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049467", "title": "Relief for 4 lakh lecturers across country", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Cabinet on Thursday cleared a proposal giving free hand to state governments to fix the retirement age of teachers in institutes for higher education run by them.This decision has also paved the way for release of arrears due to teachers of state government-funded colleges and universities following implementation of the Sixth Pay Commission.The move will come as a big relief to around four lakh lecturers across the country. Earlier, the Centre was insisting that states should enhance the lecturers' retirement to 65 years to enable them to get 80% of the arrears burden of state governments. The arrears have risen to around Rs 9,000 crore after the Centre had asked states in 2008 to follow the Sixth Pay Commission scales, which centrally-funded institutes introduced the same year, with retrospective effect from January 1, 2006.Now, the Centre will pay this sum to states only in the form of reimbursements in two-three installments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15054244", "title": "Tree census once the monsoons get over, using GPS", "text": "MUMBAI: Now, there will be no manual method of counting trees in the city. In a first-of-its-kind endeavour, the civic body will use Global Positioning System (GPS) to survey trees in the city. The tree census, which is carried out every five years, will start once the monsoons get over.In the BMC's tree census in 2006, approximately 20 lakh trees were found in the city.\"In this census, we will come to know the status of the tree cover in the city with details like its age, type, height, girth and roots. If there is a casualty at a place due to tree falling incident, we will come to know sitting in office about the type of tree that had fallen and we will replant the same tree on the spot,\"said a senior civic official.Other important aspects like rarity of species, health status and condition of trees will also be recorded in the census. The survey will show the amount of space each tree root requires and give information about the kind of plantation conducive in a particular area.\"We will soon invite tenders from private agencies to carry out the GPS survey and the agency will provide the machinery to each ward,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15049592", "title": "Leopard strays into village on city outskirts, injures 5 persons", "text": "LUCKNOW: In yet another instance of man-animal conflict, a stray leopard ventured into a Maal village, about 20 km from here, and injured five persons on Thursday morning.Ghori Lal Maurya, who was the first person to encounter the leopard, sustained serious injuries in head. He was admitted in the Trauma Centre. The injuries of others persons were not serious. The forest department will give compensation to the injured.After a seven-hour drama, forest officials rescued the leopard at around 4pm and brought it to Lucknow zoo where the animal underwent a medical check up and was given meat to eat. Since the leopard, about 6 to 7 years old, was healthy and fit to survive in the wild, it was later released in the Suhelwa wildlife sanctuary of Balrampur district.The leopard was spotted at around 6am in Utretia village of Maal. The people who were out in the fields were the first to spot the feline. Forest officers said the big cat lost its way and entered the human settlements. \"Leopards are present in good number in terai area and this one might have ventured out from terai forest,\" said divisional forest officer, Awadh, Suresh Yadav.The big cats have a tendency to cover long distances during night. In one stretch, they cover about 30-40 km. The stray leopard too might have walked a long distance to reach the city's outskirts. The big cats are also known to walk along the rivers, canals and water-bodies.\"It might have walked along the Gomti and reached here,\" said an officer.But, its presence created panic among villagers who had never seen a leopard before in their area. They soon assembled to chase away the intruder. As the news of the leopard's presence spread, people from nearby villages began to pour in Utretia to catch a glimpse of the animal.The police were called to control the crowd. \"We reached the spot by 8:30am and within two hours formed the strategy to rescue the animal,\" said the officer.\"People were pelting stones at the big cat and that agitated the animal,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15049394", "title": "480 students battle it out at Times NIE quiz", "text": "CHENNAI: Hushed silence followed the final question on the son of Gurumukh Singh who fought poverty to do a doctoral thesis. When students of PS Senior Secondary School answered \"Prime Minister Manmohan Singh,\" there was a rapturous applause that brought to an end 'Fundamental Quiz' organized by Times NIE in association with SKR Engineering College, Chennai, on Thursday.Tapovan Hall at Chinmaya Heritage Centre buzzed with excitement as more than 480 students from 120 schools gathered from across the city. Quizmaster Giri 'Pickbrain' Balasubramaniam kept the audience thrilled with his humour and tricky questions. At the end of it, Sriniketh and Sakshi of APL Golbal School walked away with the champions' trophy and a Sony playstation3 each.The preliminary round consisted of 20 questions that covered current affairs and general knowledge. After the grinding preliminary round, students got back with renewed enthusiasm to watch the six finalists battling it out. On stage were Hindu Senior Secondary School, Adyar, PS Senior Secondary School, Chennai Public School, Anna Nagar, Bala Vidya Mandir, Velammal Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Panchetti and APL Global School.One of the questions was, \"I was a teacher, journalist, hold a master of arts degree in history and political science and was awarded an honorary doctor of letters degree by the University of Wolverhampton in 2011. Who am I?\" Pranab Mukherjee, answered one of the audience members. The tough buzzer round decided the winners. At the end of it, APL Global School came up trumps. The runners-up, Chennai Public School, won a Sony handycam. The other finalists were not disappointed either; they won a Sony Cyber-shot camera. The finalist teams were also presented trophies and certificates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15050255", "title": "State assures city of one TMC more water", "text": "PUNE: The state government on Thursday said it would provide an additional 1 TMC water to the city. Pune presently draws 14 TMC water for drinking though the irrigation department has earmarked only 11.5 TMC. The government also said it would conduct an audit of the city's water situation.\"The state will allocate 15 TMC water to Pune,\" minister of state for urban development Bhaskar Jadhav said while replying to a question raised by city MLC Deepti Chaudhari in the legislative council. \"Presently, Pune draws 30 per cent of its water from the Khadakwasla dam through the canal, but water is wasted along the way. We have asked the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to lay a direct pipeline from Khadakwasla to avoid the wastage. The PMC should also implement a metered water supply system.\"Jadhav said the water cuts in Pune will be withdrawn soon.While Pune's MLAs and MLCs raised the city's water supply issue in the state legislature, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan tabled a statement in the state assembly.Noting that the catchment areas around Pune had received good rainfall on Wednesday, he said the current water stock would suffice for one-and-a-half months. \"Considering the growth of the city, we are working on the Bhama-Askhed dam project proposal, which will ensure more water for the city. The PMC has also appointed a consultant for equitable water distribution. The consultant will review the entire water distribution system. This work will be completed in the next four years,\" he said.Chavan said the PMC was setting up more sewage treatment plants. \"When the PMC begins treating and releasing 6.5 TMC water for irrigation, the city will get its additional quota of water,\" he said.The civic body's water supply calculations are based on the assumption that Pune's population is around 35 lakh (it is actually 32 lakh as per the provisional 2011 census figures). The total water consumption is about 7.8 TMC, considering that 135-150 litres are used by a citizen every day. Leakages and water theft is shrinking the quantum the city gets. Leakages are responsible for 30-40% of losses, along with transportation and distribution losses, as per the civic body's estimates. Still, no effort has been made to curb this wastage.Pune gets its drinking water supply from the Khadakwasla reservoir through a closed pipeline. In addition, it lifts water from the Mutha right bank canal, which is purified at the Parvati water works and then supplied to the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049473", "title": "Italian marines seek quashing of murder case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday declined to stay the trial against two Italian marines accused of killing two fishermen off the Kerala coast but issued notices to the Centre and the state government on their plea for quashing all proceedings against them.A bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and J Chelameswar issued the notices after senior advocate Harish Salve said a recent clarification from the government on the extent of Indian territorial waters had rendered the case outside the jurisdiction of Indian authorities.Finding the plea similar to the one contained in the writ petition filed by the Italian government, the bench tagged the two together and fixed hearing for August 8.Additional solicitor general Indira Jaising pointed out that the marines had not made the relatives of the two killed fishermen party to the petition and alleged that the Italian government had entered into separate agreements with them offering money in return of their non-participation in prosecution of the naval commandoes.Salve said the relatives had intended to intervene in the proceedings before the Kerala High Court but later withdrew, inviting adverse comments from the HC. The bench told Jaising that if the court needed the dead fishermen's relatives to be party to the case before it, then notice could be sent to them.Marines Massimilano Latorre and Salvatore Girone, who are on bail, said the February 15 incident happened outside India's jurisdiction and hence, their trial under Indian law was in breach of international law which required the issue to be dealt with by an Italian court or an international forum.Italy had said the marines aboard Enrica Lexie took action in the vessel's security interest after a pirate alert was sounded. \"If the incident happened because of the action of someone on official duty, Republic of Italy takes full responsibility,\" it had said.Latorre and Girone, arrested on February 19, are military naval officials in active service of the Italian government and the action taken by them was under the bona fide belief that they were protecting the vessel from a pirate attack, Italy had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15049524", "title": "HuJI militant gets life sentence", "text": "LUCKNOW: A district court in Unnao on Thursday slapped life-imprisonment and a fine of Rs 10,000 on Noor Ul Islam -- a Harka-ul-Jehad-e-Islami (HuJI) militant who was arrested in July 2007 by the West Bengal police along with two others. During interrogation, Noor told the investigators about his plans of a terror strike in Uttar Pradesh. He was then taken on remand by the special task force (STF) of the Uttar Pradesh Police (UPP) and brought to Lucknow when on June he led to the recovery of 2 kg of RDX that he had hidden in ditch in the Unnao Industrial area on the borders of the state capital.Though Noor was arrested with two associates, their connivance in smuggling, possession or any other part of the criminal conspiracy related to the recovery of the high explosives could not be corroborated and hence were named as accused in the crime.Noor Alam's court trial concluded a couple of days ago. On Thursday, Unnao district and sessions judge Jagdish Prasad pronounced the sentence.Noor's lawyer Inamul Haq said that he would move the high court for review of his conviction in the case. Government council Chandrika Prasad Bajpayee who played the prosecutor said he was confident that Haq was unlikely to get any relief from any of the higher courts as the evidence against him was strong and the investigators did a good job in collection of evidence and linking the sequence of events with solid proof.Over 9 kg of RDX and detonators were recovered in July 2007 in Lucknow from two Huji militants, who later revealed about their links leading to the arrest of Noor and two others in West Bengal.Noor and his aides had revealed that they had brought over 100 kg of RDX in the state, to be delivered in various parts of the country including New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15050120", "title": "Now, three SPs to serve under DIG", "text": "BHOPAL: Almost three years after introducing the SSP (senior superintendent of police) system in Bhopal, the government has come up with another experiment of having three SPs under a DIG ranked official. This is seen as a move to check the rising crime graph of the state capital.Yogesh Choudhary, who is a DIG rank official and was serving as SSP till now, has been appointed as DIG, Bhopal, and he will be assisted by three SPs- one each for Bhopal north zone, Bhopal south zone and the district headquarters.The three SPs appointed under Choudhary are - Sanjay Kumar, Arvind Saxena and Anshuman Singh. Of them, Sanjay has been posted as SP, headquarters while Arvind Saxena has been named SP (North) and Anshuman Singh is SP (South).The SSP system was introduced in the state capital in December 2009. Adarsh Katiyar was the first SSP of Bhopal while Choudhary, who was serving as SP at that time, replaced Katiyar as the SSP when latter was promoted and sent to the police headquarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15049982", "title": "HC notice to director of school examinations", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Thursday ordered issue of notice to the director of school examinations, officials of the education department and a school correspondent, who was withholding the marksheet and transfer certificate of a boy, because his mother had approached the court for a direction to help her son write the examination in April this year.Rajakumari, a coolie, has sought the court's intervention before the SSLC examination this year after the correspondent of St Eugene High School, Kombadi in Sivaganga district had asked her to make her son V Karpaga Pandithurai appear as a private candidate for the examination. The correspondent had allegedly told her that her son was a poor performer and he feared that the school's name would be at stake if the boy failed the exams.The court then directed the director of school examination, district educational officer and school correspondent to ensure that the boy got his hall ticket and wrote his exams from school, which he did. The boy passed all the subjects with minimum marks, but the school administration this time withheld his marksheet and transfer certificate and asked his mother to get necessary orders from the court if she wanted the certificates following which she once again knocked the doors of justice.Justice B Rajendran, who admitted the petition, ordered issue of notice to those concerned including the director of school examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053823", "title": "Geetha Arts bags Nizam rights of Cameraman Gangatho Rambabu", "text": "Allu Aravind's Geetha Arts has bagged the theatrical distribution rights of power star Pawan Kalyan's forthcoming movie Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu. Reports say that the ace film distribution company has entered into an agreement with the makers on NRA (Non Refundable Advance) basis and does not include prints and publicity.It's being buzzed that Geetha Arts has shelled out a whopping to pick the film's rights. Currently, the movie is being shot in Ramoji Film City and the unit is canning scenes on Pawan Kalyan and Tamannaah.Puri Jagannath is directing the film which is produced by DVV Danayya under Universal movies banner. Mani Sharma is composing the tunes for this film, which is slated for October 18 release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049108", "title": "Prithvi back after a rewarding English stint", "text": "MUMBAI: Three months back, probably for the first time in his life, Prithvi Shaw showed signs of apprehension. He was hundreds of miles away from home, surrounded by the wet and cold air of Manchester . The Class VII student of Rizvi Springfield was sent to England for a three-month summer semester at the 157-year-old Cheadle Hulme School, where he was given the opportunity to work on his cricket skills and get a taste of English education.Back home with fond memories and a thick Manchester-accent, the youngster appears to have grown more confident and mature. During his stint, the all-rounder played across five combined categories and scored 1446 runs averaging 85. He also took 68 wickets. Having played during England's wettest summer on record, Prithvi got a thorough insight on how to play in different conditions.Beyond cricket too, his repertoire has been impressive. The English family of Ian and Helen Milligan, who hosted Prithvi, described him as a \"well grounded individual with a strong set of values\".Though a little hesitant initially, Prithvi adapted to his surroundings seamlessly, finding friends in his classmates and guides in his teachers. \"I was a little scared at first, but all my classmates were really helpful and friendly. They helped me get on with my studies and we bonded over cricket,\" says Prithvi.Apart from cricket, he was also introduced to lawn tennis, swimming, table tennis etc. While the people and place won him over, the English food - with the exception of fish and chips - disappointed him. \"I craved for Indian food all the time,\" said Prithvi, while helping himself to a plateful of snacks.The unique initiative - the brainchild of UK-based surgeon Samir Pathak and John Wilson of Cheadle Hulme school - aimed at the overall development of talented young cricketers in India, with equal attention to education and sport. And Prithvi has been a success-story. \"For us, he was more than just a kid playing cricket. He was an ambassador for India and the feedback we have received has been extremely positive. That's how we know we sent the right kid,\" said Pathak. \"We should send him again next year.\"\"He is a 13-year-old with the head of a 30-year-old,\" remarked mentor Makarand Waingankar. \"He has made us all proud with his brilliant performance and he will certainly get better.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15048949", "title": "91 held for violence that left senior Maruti executive dead", "text": "GURGAON: A day after mob violence and arson at Maruti's Manesar plant claimed the life of a senior executive and left over 100 management officials hospitalized, the police on Thursday went on the offensive and sent 91 workers into judicial custody. FIRs have been filed against 55 of them while 13 more are being questioned.The victim, Awanish Kumar Dev, was the general manager for human resources. According to the postmortem report, he died due to suffocation though he also had 100% burns on his body. \"There were multiple fractures on both his legs, but the cause of death is suffocation. It appears that he was severely beaten up before he died,\" Dr Deepak Mathur, who carried out the analysis at the Civil Hospital, Gurgaon, said. Dev hailed from Ranchi and had joined MSIL in 2010.The report of the arrests \u2014similar in magnitude to the operation during the Hero Honda strike in 2005\u2014 came alongside the news of MSIL's shares plunging to a two-year low and the company incurring losses of about Rs 90 crore a day. At the BSE, Maruti shares fell by 8.9 percentage points, inflicting a loss of Rs 3,200 crore in its market cap. In Tokyo, Suzuki scrip fell to its lowest close since February 2009, dropping 3.8% to 1,451 yen.Late Wednesday evening, more than 3,000 workers armed with steel rods and blunt automobile components went on the rampage in the administration block of the Manesar unit, provoked by the management's refusal to reinstate a worker, Jiya Lal, who was suspended on the grounds of 'beating up a supervisor'. The supervisor had allegedly used a castiest slur. The management said its staff members, including two Japanese, were severely beaten up by the workers, who had allegedly blocked all exits. According to one executive, the workers later set the administration wing on fire.Dev was trapped in the first floor HR hall which was in flames. He was unconscious after the thrashing and died of suffocation. A MSIL supervisor said, \"One of the officials jumped out of the window and landed on the heavy machinery in order to escape the attackers. Several others were seriously injured in the stampede to escape.\"Late on Wednesday night, hours after the violence, more than 25 executives were still receiving treatment at the emergency ward of Medanta Hospital.Meanwhile, the Manesar plant, known for churning out 550,000 cars a year, remained shut and heavily policed throughout the day. Over 1,200 cops, many having arrived on call from Madhuban, were on guard to ensure there were no reprisals of the last evening's violence. Power and water supply to the unit have been cut-off for the time being, and the only visitors to the site were the forensic teams. MSIL has made no announcement as to when might the operations resume.A trust gap between the Maruti management and the new labour union is being seen as one of the major reasons behind tensions reaching a flashpoint. It is believed that the situation at the plant had been tense for sometime, and this perhaps resulted in a minor incident assuming such dire proportions. The violence at the plant is likely to hit investment not only in the Gurgaon-Manesar belt of Haryana but also in other parts of the country. Many analysts feel the episode, which recurred just a few months after yet another crippling strike, will surely make investors jittery about the labour situation in the country.Times ViewWorkers have a right to organise themselves in unions and agitate for their demands, but violence cannot be a legitimate part of labour mobilisation. It must be condemned by all right thinking people, irrespective of what they think of the workers' demands. The administration must ensure that those responsible for the violence and the consequent death of the general manager in this case are brought to book.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15054003", "title": "PJ Music bags the rights of Gola Barood\u2019s music", "text": "Ravi Kishan and Nirhuaa's latest flick together, Gola Barood's music rights have been sold to PJ Music. The film also features an item song by Sambhavana Seth.Ashok Kumar Deep and Siddharth Srivastav are the music directors of the songs Chikani Sadak Pe...and Logwa Chumma Mangat Baa...of the film which are already on their way to become crowd favorites. The film also stars Pakhi Hegde, Anara Gupta and Pankaj Kesari.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15050316", "title": "Maruti standoff: Everyone\u2019s a suspect in Manesar", "text": "A special investigation team has been constituted to probe Wednesday's labour unrest at Maruti's Manesar plant. And there is a combing operation currently on in full swing. The target areas for the police teams are the nearby villages, where most workers of the IMT, including those of the MSIL, reside.Dreading this crackdown, thousands of Maruti Suzuki workers who lived in the two villages adjoining the IMT - Dhana and Aliyar - fled overnight. A mob of over 3,000 people were responsible for the violence at the plant the night before that had caused one death and had left over a hundred severely bruised.According to villagers, most of the residents here were working at the MSIL's Manesar plant, originally coming from places like Rohtak, Panipat and Sonipat. The news of the combing operation evoked such a fright in the villages that even among some residents, who weren't MSIL employees, chose to flee, taking along whatever valuables they could gather in the last few minutes.\"Over 150 workers, most of them Maruti employees, used to rent rooms in my building,\" said a landowner in village Aliyar, pleading anonymity.\"As soon as the word spread about the arson, and the information came in that a senior official has died, all the workers in my building started fleeing. They knew they were in for trouble. Many left without taking any luggage at all.\" At the house in Aliyar the rented rooms were still in a condition of disarray, with half-eaten food lying around and items of clothing scattered on the floor.A team of around 10 cops along with a police gypsy were currently stationed at this village expecting to nab those who decide to return. Villagers said that by 10pm on Wednesday, not a single MSIL worker was there to be seen. \"We had almost retired for the night when we heard the police sirens. However, when the cops arrived, they could not find a single Maruti employee. They noted down details of as many tenants as they could and went away,\" said a resident of village Dhana.Some trade union members in Gurgaon also accused the police teams of rounding up the workers indiscriminately and at random. According to Harjeet Grover, general secretary of Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India Employees Union, two buses going to Jhajjar were detained for the night by the cops. \"There were 70 of our workers in the buses. And the police stopped both the vehicles and detained them until 8 in the morning. They were finally allowed to go, but this was completely uncalled for,\" he said.By Thursday evening, 91 arrests had been made, with more expected soon and 13 people were still under detention. Another 50 FIRs were lodged against identified persons. A police official deputed at the Manesar site on Wednesday night told TOI that over a team of over 4,000-strong was put on the job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15048794", "title": "India-Pakistan cricket series may be held in England", "text": "NEW DELHI: The reciprocal India-Pakistan cricket series, to be hosted by the neighbour, may be played in England as the island nation is emerging as the most suitable venue given the Indian board's reluctance to send a team to Pakistan.Deliberations between Indian and Pakistani cricket officials have seen several options being considered, including the series being played in India and the venues being leased to the Pakistani board. This proposal gets around the problem of visiting Pakistan but might have run into domestic opposition.Similarly, the possibility of playing in Dubai did not find favour with the Indian board which feels the Gulf destination's reputation as the capital of illegal betting can result in the cricket team attracting unwelcome attention. A betting scandal is the last thing the board wants.The England option seems the most attractive as grounds can be hired, television proceeds can be worked out and security is not as daunting a task as it might be elsewhere. An India-Pakistan series is a sure shot full draw and England's cricketing establishment can profit by providing the venues.The winter's three ODI and two T20 engagement has broken the ice and - with the quiet urging of the Indian government - the Board of Control for Cricket in India is looking to restart the stalled cricketing ties in full earnest. The small window in December, when the visiting English team takes a break to return home for Christmas and the new year, provides an opportunity to fit in the engagement.BCCI sources said the board is bound to follow the government's lead in scheduling a cricket series with Pakistan and there has been a push in this direction since Prime Minister Manmohan Singh met former Pakistani PM Yousuf Gilani during an India-Pakistan match at the 2011 World Cup.Bilateral ties with Pakistan are unlikely to make much progress in the remainder of UPA-2 with Pakistan heading towards polls and increasingly occupied with its own affairs. As tougher, long standing aspects of the relationship will be hard to tackle, confidence building measures like sporting contacts are seen by the government as doable.Singh had then spoken to former BCCI chief Shashank Manohar and later, foreign minister SM Krishna and national security advisor Shivshankar Menon took up the matter with the board office-bearers. The board is keen to keep south Asian cricketing bodies in good humour as their votes count in the International Cricket Council politics where India currently holds the upper hand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15050298", "title": "Kerala, Odisha tie-up for power plant", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala's hope for setting up of coal-based power plant in Odisha might become a reality.After much dilly-dallying, Odisha government has started responding positively to Kerala's proposal for setting up a 1,000 mw thermal power plant in Odisha as a joint venture, using the coal from Baitarani coal block(which is being shared by both states) in Odisha.It was the Odisha government that first mooted a joint venture proposal when the Union coal ministry allotted the Baitarani coal block to Kerala, Odisha and Gujarat in 2007. However, Kerala then wanted to set up set a thermal power plant at Cheemeni in Kasaragod using its share of coal.As the plans for an own plant fell flat, Kerala went back to Odisha with a similar proposal in 2011. But, the Odisha government ruled out the proposal without citing any specific reasons, forcing Kerala to explore other options.However, with the discussions on development of basic infrastructure facilities by stake holders for Baitarani, Talcher and IB Valley coal blocks, senior bureaucrats representing Odisha hailed the once shelved joint venture proposal between Odisha and Kerala as the most viable one for both states. The sudden change of attitude of the Odisha has come to fore on Tuesday during a meeting attended by top officials in Odisha government and stake holders of coal fields in Odisha.\"It was true that the Odisha government was not much keen when we mooted the proposal for setting up the power plant as a joint venture with them. However, they did not rule out the proposal altogether. Revenue secretary of Odisha in fact brought the proposal back again into forefront and suggested the joint venture proposal would be best the possible option for exploring the coal reserve in Baitarani block,\" said Annamma John, state electricity board management member who represented Kerala at the meeting in Odisha on Tuesday.\"Considering the abysmal situation of power in Kerala, State Planning Board vice-chairman K M Chandrasekhar too has taken up the joint venture proposal with the higher ups in Orissa. His intervention is considered as one of the reasons that prompted Odisha to join hands with Kerala,\" sources in power department said.Kerala, Odisha and Gujarat together hold the right to explore the coal in Baitarani west coal block.The meeting of representatives of government organizations and agencies that hold rights over coal fields in Talcher, Baitarani and IB valley in Odisha onTuesday's meeting agreed to develop the basic infrastructure facilities, including rail lines towards exploring the coal spread across huge expanse of land in Odisha.The meeting also agreed to entrust RITES, a government of India enterprise, to carry out a study on the basic infrastructure development needs collectively required for exploring the coal in these blocks. Expense for the collective basic infrastructure would be borne by the stake holders together.Kerala holds the right for exploration of coal in 1,100 hectares of land in Odisha. More than 100 families are to be rehabilitated before Kerala can start exploring the coal field. A proposal for rehabilitation package has already been cleared by the Union government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049490", "title": "Japanese embassy calls for action against Manesar violence", "text": "NEW DELHI: Japan on Thursday took a tough stand against the violence at Maruti's Manesar plant, where a senior executive was killed by agitating workers. In a strongly worded statement, the Japanese embassy asked Haryana to administer \"prompt and just punishment\" for the death.Condemning the \"violence and vandalism\" that caused damage to the Maruti factory, the embassy \"deplored the loss of life including one death and scores of injuries\".\"We strongly hope that the state of Haryana would administer, according to law, prompt and just punishment to the perpetrators and effectively enforce law and order so that such incidents would not be repeated in the future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15053926", "title": "Pak Taliban threaten to continue attacks on security forces", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistani Taliban militants based in Afghanistan have threatened to continue attacks on Pakistani security forces and government installations from sanctuaries in Kunar and Nuristan provinces, according to a media report on Thursday.\"We don't care if the (Hamid) Karzai government or NATO forces decide to launch an operation against us in Kunar and Nuristan as this region has never been in control of the Afghan government and foreign forces,\" said Sairajuddin Ahmed, spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban led by Mullah Fazlullah.\"We are very much in control of the two provinces and face no problems from local forces while carrying out attacks in Pakistan,\" Ahmed was quoted as saying by The News daily.Fazlullah escaped to Afghanistan with scores of his fighters when the Pakistan Army launched an operation against the Pakistani Taliban in Swat Valley, located 160 km from Islamabad, in early 2009.Fazlullah's fighters have been blamed for a string of recent cross-border attacks in Pakistan.Ahmed said the militants knew that Pakistan Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf had visited Afghanistan on Thursday to pressure the government of President Hamid Karzai and to request NATO commanders to launch operations against the Pakistani Taliban in Kunar and Nuristan.\"No one can stop us from our attacks in Pakistan, (not) even the Karzai regime and foreign forces. They, in the past, had used enough force but failed to secure control of the region. They can't capture this region from us now,\" Ahmed said.Ahmed claimed that the Taliban would also launch attacks in the Swat Valley, which has been largely peaceful since the operation by the military to flush out the militants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15050017", "title": "16 get life for killing farmer", "text": "MADURAI: A fast track court in Madurai sentenced 16 persons, including three women, to life imprisonment for the death of a farmer in a village near Usilampatti in Madurai district in 2007.Chinnathevar (60), son of Muthukaruppu Thevar of Melaperumalpatti in Vikramangalam police limits was murdered during a clash between two groups in 2007. The police registered cases against 16 persons - B Jayapandi, Otchu, Karnan, Sekar, Subramani, of Melaperumalpatti, M Rajangam, Mahalingam, Sudhakaran, Thangamalai, Mayee, Chinnasamy, Subramani, Chellappa and three women including Panchavarnam wife of Jayapandi, Mahilavathi wife of Subramani and Pandiammal wife of Thangalai in connection.Delivering the judgment, the judge of the fast track court II in Madurai sentenced all 16 persons to life imprisonment with a fine of Rs 2000 each. One of the accused Jayapandi is the panchayat president of Sakkarappanaickanur in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "hambantota", "code": "15053850", "title": "1st ODI: Refreshed India pitted against in-form Sri Lanka", "text": "HAMBANTOTA: A rejuvenated India would look for a winning start to the new season but the task would be easier said than done against a strong Sri Lanka as the two sides clash in a five-match ODI series starting on Saturday.Barring the Indian Premier League, Mahendra Singh Dhoni's India have not been in action since their last international outing in South Africa in March.The hosts, by contrast, have been hungry Tigers on prey. They beat Pakistan at home in both ODIs and Tests, outplaying the high-riding opponents with a clinical performance.But India are not Pakistan and are known for greater deeds of consistency at the very high echelons of competitiveness.Dhoni echoed the Indians' familiarity with Sri Lankan conditions saying, \"We are no strangers to Sri Lankan conditions. So acclimatisation would not be an issue\".The Indian captain was implying that the near two months break the players have had since the IPL would serve them well as the team aims to win the series to herald the new season for them on a happy note.Dhoni made no secret of India's ambitions in the next tour to the emerald isle, the world Twenty20. He was happy that most of the players in the touring team would form the nucleus of the side for the world T20.For Mahela Jayawardene and the Sri Lankans, it would just be the continuation of the good yields in the series against Pakistan.\"We have just finished a good series against Pakistan. It is now for us to build on the good work,\" Jayawardene said.Like his Indian opposite number, the Lankan captain thought the series should provide a good basis to launch the world T20 campaign.\"We have got a few new players in the squad, this series would be a good opportunity for them\", Jayawardene stressed.In the Indian squad their new vice-captain Virat Kohli and a solid Rohit Sharma would be the players to watch out for apart from a couple of comeback men -- opener Virender Sehwag and pace spearhead Zaheer Khan.Vinay Kumar's injury, which put Irfan Pathan back in the squad, seemed to have silenced the argument that the Indians were lacking a genuine all-rounder in the squad.Off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin would also look to make an impression on the spin-friendly tracks.The Indians will be top heavy with Sehwag and Ajinkya Rahane firing should the 24-year-old batsman be able to extend his IPL form in to series.Sri Lankan fans, who would be hard done by the absence of Sachin Tendulkar , should not be short of the entertainment coming from the rest of Indian line-up which boasts of Gautam Gambhir, Dhoni and Suresh Raina.Among Jayawardene's new guns are 24-year-old left arm pacer Isuru Udana. The youngster has only appeared in six T20 internationals albeit three years apart after making his debut in 2009. He was recalled to play the last month's T20 against the Pakistanis.Chamara Kapugedera and Rangana Herath are the other 'comeback boys' in the one day squad.Kapugedera has had a wretched run in the 'A' team tour of Zimbabwe which concluded yesterday. The selectors have come under flak for picking him as he had scored only 37 runs with two ducks in the four matches in Zimbabwe.Herath, now Sri Lanka's main spin weapon in Tests, returns to the side having been rested for the final ODI against Pakistan.Thisara Perera too has come of age as the leading all-rounder. His performance against Pakistan prompted head coach Graham Ford to compare him with South African great Lance Klusener.He will be raring to go against the Indians and the tourists will remember him for his last over assault against Zaheer Khan in the world cup final of 2011.The show piece Mahinda Rajapaksa stadium's location, Suriyawewa in the deep southern district of Hambantota, is among the lowest of rainfall areas.This would mean that weather gods would not have any say, a welcome change from the rain plagued series against Pakistan.Teams (from):India: Mahendra Singh Dhoni (Capt.), Virat Kohli (vice-Capt.), Gautam Gambhir, Suresh Raina, Virender Sehwag, Rohit Sharma, Ravichandran Ashwin, Pragyan Ojha, Zaheer Khan, Umesh Yadav , Ashok Dinda, Irfan Pathan, Ajinkya Rahane, Manoj Tiwary, Rahul Sharma.Sri Lanka: Mahela Jayawardene (Capt.), Angelo Mathews (vice-Capt.), Tillakaratne Dilshan , Kumar Sangakkara , Upul Tharanga, Dinesh Chandimal, Nuwan Kulasekara, Thisara Perera, Lahiru Thirimanne, Lasith Malinga, Chamara Kapugedara, Rangana Herath, Sachithra Senanayake, Jeevan Mendis, Isuru Udana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053652", "title": "Daughters not getting order against Demi Moore", "text": "Demi Moore's daughters may not be in talking terms with their mother, but they are not ready to cut her out of their lives by filing for a restraining order against her, according to sources.23-year-old Rumer, 21-year-old Scout and 18-year-old Tallulah Willis were said to be seriously considering taking out a restraining order against their mother to stop her from contacting them, as she had been calling them incessantly, emailing them, leaving them tearful messages and begging them to call her.\"It's true they're not all hunky dory, getting along like they used to, but they're not about to go to those extremes!\" Us magazine quoted a source as saying.\"They love their mom at the end of the day, and they're never going to completely abandon her,\" the source said.According to sources, the 49-year-old actress who spends \"most of her time in Idaho, not LA\" isn't pestering her three children with former husband Bruce Willis .\"I haven't heard about Demi calling them nonstop or anything like that. Demi finds out how they're doing through friends and Bruce-she doesn't need to go that far,\" the source said.Still, an insider said that the 'Ghost' star's daughters aren't quite ready to let her back into their lives.\"They all do need their space from the drama and the negativity-Scout in particular,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15050301", "title": "Maharashtra govt 'gifts' Rs 1,000cr to guesthouse builder", "text": "MUMBAI: A little-known contractor appointed by the public works department (PWD) to build a new Maharashtra Sadan building in Delhi for Rs 50 crore, will reap a windfall of around Rs 1,000 crore, thanks to the state's largesse.The opulent state guest house in Lutyen's zone is already mired in controversy following revelations that companies owned by PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal's family and associates were involved in its construction. The minister has denied the allegation. The complex, which was to be inaugurated on Saturday, has now been indefinitely postponed because of the controversy surrounding it. The BJP raised the issue in the legislative assembly on Thursday (See P 7).In a move that raised eyebrows, the Public Works Department awarded the work to K S Chamankar without inviting tenders five years ago. The agreement stipulated that Chamankar build three public buildings (including Maharashtra Sadan) at an estimated cost of Rs 100 crore and hand them over to the state government. A new administrative office building for the Regional Transport Office at Andheri and a state guest house called High Mount at Malabar Hill are still incomplete.Government sources said the contractor was offered development rights of a slum on the Andheri RTO land. Other sources said the 4.5 lakh sq ft free sale component is worth close to Rs 1,000 crore if Chamankar decides to sell it at today's market price.Sources said the Maharashtra Sadan cost had shot up from Rs 50 crore to Rs 150 crore. However, the contractor Avinash Chamankar refused to comment when TOI asked him about the cost escalation. A PWD official denied that cost had increased, but said Chamankar would have to bear the additional expenses and the government would not pay him. \"The free sale floor space index will be released only after the contractor completes the three buildings and hands them over to the state,'' said the official.High-level sources said Chamankar sub-contracted the work of Maharashtra Sadan to another company called Origin Infrastructure. Interestingly, the company's two directors\u2014Sanjay Joshi and Iram Tanvir Shaikh\u2014are employees of Mumbai Education Trust (MET) run by PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal's family.A MET official confirmed that Joshi works in the accounts department at the MET building in Bandra (west) while Shaikh operates from the Nashik branch.Although Chamankar denied that work was sub-contracted to Origin Infrastructure, documents available with TOI show several payments made by the former to the latter. Chamankar deposited over Rs 3.5 crore in Origin Infrastructure's account in Saraswat Bank's Wadala branch between 2007 and 2011.Moreover, furniture for the new Maharashtra Sadan was procured from Ideen Furniture, a firm owned by Vishakha Pankaj Bhujbal and Shefali Samir Bhujbal. They are married to the minister's son and nephew respectively. Origin Infrastructure paid over Rs 74 lakh to Ideen Furniture as shown in the Saraswat Bank statement.In a statement issued on Tuesday, Bhujbal termed the allegations as \"malicious and baseless''. He said that the decision to award the project to K S Chamankar was taken by an infrastructure sub-committee headed by the chief minister. He also asserted that \"any cost escalation\" was the result of delay in project execution, which was the contractor's responsibility. He also claimed that the government had no role to play in sub-contracts awarded by the contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15049580", "title": "Congo fever has killed seven in state: Govt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Crimean-Congo Hemorrhagic Fever (CCHF) has claimed seven lives in Gujarat. And according to the state government, about 18 people have been affected by CCHF.Replying to a question from Vadodara City MLA Bhupendra Lakhawala, the government said that after an incubation period of one to three days following a tick bite, flu-like symptoms appear, which may resolve in a week. In up to 75 per cent of cases, however, signs of hemorrhage appear three to five days after the onset of the illness if it is not contained properly. Officials said that symptoms characterizing the initial stage of CCHF include mood instability, agitation, and mental confusion. Other signs are nosebleed, bloody urine vomiting, and black stools.Liver becomes swollen and painful. Kidney failure and shock may occur, and sometimes acute respiratory distress syndrome is seen among CCHF patients. Recovery usually begins nine days after the appearance of symptoms. But in 30 per cent of cases, patients die in the second week of illness.The government's reply stated that mammal and tick infection was common in sites of agriculture. Farm animals needed to be de-ticked before they are transported or delivered for slaughter. The government said that personal tick-avoidance measures had been recommended, such as the use of insect repellents, adequate clothing and body inspection for adherent ticks.The government said that the animal husbandry department had been roped in for implementing precautionary measures in areas where tick infestation had been reported. Areas where CCHF cases are reported are being thoroughly checked and made free of tick infestation, the government said.The government also said that a meeting involving private hospitals had been held. The meeting was chaired by health minister Jay Narayan Vyas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "15050595", "title": "Nuke power plant row: Women start guarding land", "text": "FATEHABAD: They are doing something they never did openly in their native village, Gorakhpur, of Fatehabad district.With long sticks in hands and covering their faces, women from Gorakhpur village seems ready to fight for their land, which the government wants to acquire for the proposed nuclear power plant.Like warriors, over two dozen women of the village have started guarding their land to prohibit entry of officials in their fields.Despite stiff opposition from villagers, the government on Wednesday announced the award to acquire land for the power plant.However, despite this, the protesters have intensified their agitation against the government move. Helping their male counterparts, the \"women battalion\" has also joined hands with them now.\"We will give duty in two shifts -- 8 am to 2 pm and 2 pm to 6 pm -- to protect our land. After that, male protesters will guard the land,\" said a woman, requesting anonymity.\"We are ready to sacrifice our life, but won't part with the land. More women will join the struggle in coming days,\" said another woman.\"Farmers from our village have been protesting for the past 710 days but nobody from the government wants to understand our feelings and apprehensions about the nuclear power plant,\" she alleged.Hans Raj Siwach, president of the Kisan Sangharsh Samiti, said, \"Women are also aware about the consequences of nuclear power plant, so they have come out to support us. We won't allow forcible acquisition of our land for the power plant.\"Due to opposition from farmers, land survey in Gorakhpur has become a challenge for the officials. The survey team on Thursday did not visit the village as scheduled, said an official. However, officials have surveyed 185 acres land in neighboring Badopal village, which will also be acquired for the power plant. Over 1,300 acres of land proposed to be acquired for the power plant belongs to farmers of Gorakhpur, most of whom are opposing the move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15050623", "title": "Get ready to celebrate Teej, village style", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh municipal corporation is going to celebrate Teej on Saturday at Dalhia Garden, Sector 36. Renowned Punjabi singer Sukhi Brar along with other singers will perform during the event which will see a village come up in the middle of the city. Besides this, the heritage collections of Punjab and Haryana will be among the main attractions of the festival.Giving details, city mayor Raj Bala Malik said various programmes will be organized to celebrate Teej. Art and craft exhibition, folk songs, traditional food, craft stalls, \"teeyan de geet\", kikli, gidda, rajasthani dance, Haryanvi dance, performances by MC artists will make the celebrations livelier.She added that as the festival is meant for women so they must come wearing folk dresses and participate in the events to get knowledge about Teej and the month of Sawan. A quiz contest will also be organized for women. The winners will be given attractive prizes and Teej queens will be also selected. In addition to all this, food stalls too would be put up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15049432", "title": "President election ballot boxes all set to get VIP treatment", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even sealed ballot boxes will enjoy a special treatment after the country's elected representatives finish casting their votes in the presidential polls.Sealed ballot boxes containing votes will be escorted by security personnel from the place of storage to concerned airport or railway stations. All assistant returning officers have been instructed to book a separate seat for keeping the polled ballot boxes on the seat next to the seat of the officer who carries the ballot box.Airlines are also informed in advance that seats will be occupied by ballot boxes, since they cannot, under any circumstances, be brought as a check-in baggage.Officers in charge of bringing polled ballot boxes are also not allowed to book any luggage in the flight they travel on; their personal luggage also has to be carried as hand luggage so that they do not need to wait at conveyer belt for collecting their luggage. At New Delhi, where all ballot boxes will reach on July 20, separate arrangements have been made by returning officers to provide security to escort the polled material to Lok Sabha , New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15048773", "title": "Greater Noida coffers empty", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: With its coffers nearly empty following last year's farmers' agitation over land acquisition, the Greater Noida Authority has approached the Noida and Yamuna Expressway authorities for a loan of about Rs 700 crore to tide over the crisis. The Authority, which is burdened with paying enhanced compensation cheques, is yet to pay at least Rs 2,000 crore due to the farmers. It also has previous debts of another several thousand crores and has also written to the state government requesting financial aid.The farmers' unrest across the state has added to its problems as many allottees of the housing and other plots have not yet paid their instalments. Even though the Authority has decided to waive off all interest on the due instalments of developers and allottees for the entire time period for which construction remains halted, it should have received at least Rs 400 crore as just instalments from individual allottees alone by last month.\"The Authority allotted land to builders through auction on payment of just about 10% of the total amount. Builders have been asked to pay the rest in instalments over the next 10 years. Since most construction work in the area is halted and there are no new flat bookings, developers have either delayed or completely stopped paying instalments,\" a Greater Noida Authority official said. \"The Authority also took bank loans and spent crores of rupees on acquisition of land from farmers and development activities in the Noida Extension area in Greater Noida. The amount that the Authority needs to pay back has gone up to Rs 5,500 crore,\" the official added.Officials, however, are hopeful that with the NCR Planning Board's statutory committee clearing the Greater Noida Master Plan 2021, the final approval of the board will follow soon and cash flow will resume.The Allahabad high court in October last year had directed the Authority to pay 64% additional compensation and grant 10% share in developed land to farmers, thus imposing an additional burden of around Rs 9,500 crore on the Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "15050612", "title": "Many injured in clash between villagers, medical students", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Dozens of people were injured in a clash between local villagers and students of Dr Rajendar Prasad Medical College, Tanda in Kangra, 20 kms from here, on Thursday. Public property was also destroyed during the clash.At around 4.00 pm, an intern of the medical college had entered into heated arguments with a local shopkeeper, allegedly over teasing a college girl, which later took an ugly turn, sources said.Eyewitnesses said that as the intern and shopkeeper started abusing each other over the issue, shopkeepers in the market started gathering, shutting down their shops. They also got support from villagers later.On the other side, a group of students also gathered to counter the locals. This triggered stone pelting from both sides in which glasses of the main gate of the college were smashed, even as people from both sides received injuries.Later, college authorities closed the main door after which the villagers started raising slogans against medical college, demanding the closure of college and jammed the roads.Police were informed, but they reached two hours late which kept the atmosphere tense, during which patients also faced incontinence.Police officials reached the spot at around 6.00 pm and intervened in the matter. They called the college authorities for a compromise and sorted out the matter.Officials told that about dozens of people received injuries, who have been admitted in the hospital. Till filing of this report, no case has been registered against anyone while police were present on the spot. Both the groups blamed each other for hooliganism in the area.\"The injured have been shifted to hospitals. There were about a dozen people who have sustained injuries. Investigations were on and we are trying our best to defuse the situation,\" SHO, Kangra, Meghnath Kumar, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15050247", "title": "Maruti Manesar mayhem: Casual police, no fire station worsened crisis", "text": "GURGAON: A day after violence broke out at Maruti's Manesar plant, a senior state official said that the company failed to realize the severity of the situation and the whole incident could easily have been avoided if they had informed the state in time.The state got to know about the incident through their own sources and had even called the plant early in the evening, but the management said that everything was under control, added the official.The private security guards at the Maruti plant, on the other hand, claim that the tragedy could have been averted had the police been a little proactive. According to eyewitnesses, there were close to 50 cops, including three women constables inside the plant, near the place where the negotiations were taking place.\"There was a group of policemen near the administration block. The disaster could have easily been avoided had the cops taken a few basic steps like guarding the entry and exit points of the first floor where the management sits. The police should also have carried teargas shells and other weapons with them that could have thwarted the mob from going on the rampage,\" said a G4S security guard posted at gate number 2.Other security guards also claimed that the cops were easily outnumbered by the agitated mob. \"As the tension was simmering since afternoon, the management knew that something might go wrong and therefore had alerted the nearby Manesar police station. They sent around 50 cops at 5pm even as talks between the management and the workers' union were on. They were simply standing there clueless and did not know how to react when the mob started the fire,\" said another security guard.Eyewitnesses also point out that another reason for things going out of hand was the non-existence of a fire station in Manesar, a place that houses hundreds of industrial units. \"The fire could not be contained immediately. Over 20 fire tenders had to be rushed from our fire stations to control the fire which took over an hour. Had there been a fire station in Manesar, the damage could have been much less,\" said a Gurgaon fire official.\"We have been asking the state authorities to release the funds to setup a fire station in the vicinity and get modern firefighting equipment. However, all these pleas have fallen on deaf ears. Maybe the authorities might be pushed into action after this dreadful incident,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15049451", "title": "Govt brushes aside Governor's objections", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: In what is a clear sign of another confrontation with Raj Bhawan, Gujarat government on Thursday declared that there was no question of accepting any of Gujarat Governor Dr Kamla's proposals to amend two education bills.Dr Kamla returned two bills unsigned for reconsideration in May - Institute of Infrastructure, Technology, Research and Management (IITRM) Bill, 2012, and Gujarat Professional Technical Educational Colleges or Institutions (Regulation of Admission and Fixation of Fees) (Amendment) Bill, 2012. She cited half-a-dozen legal issues.Placing the two bills without any changes in the one-day session of the state assembly on Thursday, education minister Ramanlal Vora said, Raj Bhawan \"never objected to similar bills, having the same provisions, establishing Forensic Science University, Pandit Deendayal Petroleum University, Raksha Shakti University and Children's University, as also for 10 private universities.\" He wondered: \"It is difficult to understand why objections are being raised now. We cannot accept them.\"Placing the returned bills in the house, state assembly speaker Ganpat Vasava read out the objections raised by the governor. On IITRM, the objections related to lack of autonomy in appointing important office-bearers, including chairman and director-general; failure to comply by certain Universities Grants Commission ( UGC) parameters like having a vice-chancellor and refusal to allow any Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) audit.For the second bill, Dr Kamla's objections related to failure to fix the percentage of students from outside the state that would be admitted to private colleges and universities. She also cited the lack of provision for admissions of students belonging to lower rungs of society, including from those from outside the state, and no provision of any upper limit while fixing the fee structure which was to be decided by the managements. Returning it, Dr Kamla insisted, the bill would lead to lead to \"commercialization of education.\"The Congress supported Dr Kamla's proposals, saying both the bills should be sent for a review to a house committee for expert scrutiny. The treasury benches, however, said the objections had only \"delayed the cause of education in Gujarat.\" The minister said senior education officials, he, as well as senior cabinet minister Anandiben Patel had tried explaining to the governor that her objections were \"not well-founded\", but to no avail.The bills were passed for a second time by majority vote amid considerable hullabaloo, followed by a walkout by the Congress. The will now be sent to the governor for reconsideration. \"The governor has two options - she can return the bills one more time, or alternatively, send these to the President of India for a final decision,\" a senior official said. \"In case they are passed for the third time in the state assembly, they will automatically become law,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049029", "title": "HIV positive convict gets six-month relief", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has reduced the punishment of an HIV positive man, who was jailed for two years for stealing a railway property, by six months on compassionate grounds after the convict said he was being treated for the past three years.Additional sessions judge Pawan Kumar Jain, however, rejected the convict's appeal against a magisterial court's July 2011 judgment that had held him guilty of stealing the railway article worth Rs 15,000.\"Under Section 3 of the Railway Property (Unlawful Possession) Act, if accused is a previous convict, minimum sentence is prescribed for two years and fine not less than Rs 2,000 unless there are some special and adequate reasons.\"Admittedly, appellant is a HIV patient since 2010 and he is getting treatment from DDU Hospital, in my opinion this is sufficient reason to take a lenient view. Accordingly, I sentence the appellant to 18 months' rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs 2,000.... Sentence is modified,\" it said.The man had appealed to the sessions court in March this year through the superintendent of Tihar Jail, where he had been lodged since his conviction in July 2011.He was arrested by Railway Protection Force officials on January 31, 2011, for being found in possession of the railway article, but was granted bail shortly after that.The court upheld his conviction, saying he had failed to explain as to how did he come to possess the item.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15053877", "title": "Infosys' initiative to fill entrepreneurship vacuum", "text": "KOCHI: Information technology (IT) giant Infosys is trying to find a solution for the country's lacklustre levels of entrepreneurship by roping in the country heads of major IT and telecom companies to discuss a road map for promoting start-ups in the country.Chief executives or senior figures from the Indian arms of major companies like Microsoft, Google, Dell, HP , Vodafone and others will meet in Bangalore campus of Infosys on Friday to draw a blueprint for Kochi-based Startup Village, a technology business incubator to promote 1,000 telecom start-ups within 10 years' time. \"There are roughly 5,000 incubators in the world, of which 2,000 are in the US and 1,000 in China,\" Sanjay Vijayakumar, a management team member and chief executive of MobME Wireless Solutions said. \"India has only 65 incubators, but we need at the least 1,000 in the country,\" observed Sony Joy, chief evangelist at the Startup Village and co-founder of MobME. \"The existing incubators are associated with academic institutions and hence don't possess the kind of business acumen their counterparts in the US have,\" Joy said.Based at Kinfra High Tech Park, Startup Village will be promoting young entrepreneurs of the 18 - 25 years of age range. The incubation phase and the three-month long accelerator phase will be run on not-for-profit basis. The Startup Village also has the distinction of being the first business incubator in India on the private-public-partnership mode.According to Joy, the Startup Village will be a model for the entire country to emulate. In that perspective, the discussion happening in Bangalore gets a national significance. \"The blueprint of the Startup Village will be scaled up across the country later and hence it is important that we get it right from the beginning,\" Vijayakumar said.Infosys co-chairman Kris Gopalakrishnan , the chief mentor of the Startup Village, is the force behind the chief executives' meeting to happen in Nandan Nilekani's conference room in Infosys campus. Nilekani currently serves as the chairman of the Unique Identification Authority of India ( UIDAI).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15052167", "title": "Rajesh Khanna's last film to be released in December", "text": "The show isn't over yet. Superstar Rajesh Khanna will be back on the silver screen one more time in a film titled Riyasat that he had been quietly shooting for. Interestingly, the film will hit the theatres a day before Khanna's birthday on December 29.Though portions of the venture produced and directed by Ashok Tyagi remains incomplete, the filmmaker has decided to go ahead and release it. When contacted, Tyagi told TOI, \"I wouldn't say Mr Khanna left my film incomplete. He shot most portions, the ones I wanted. But yes , we were tempted to shoot more. And if his health permitted, we would surely have shot all of it. However, the audience won't realise that portions are missing.\"Though the leftover portions don't bother Tyagi, he has come across another problem. \"I will need a dubbing artiste for Mr Khanna's portions. Few can replicate his inimitable style. But I remember when Sanjeev Kumar passed away before Qatl hit the theatres, Sudesh Bhonsle dubbed for the actor. Sudesh is definitely the best we have, when we need anybody's voice. So I shall approach him, or maybe someone else. But I am definitely bringing Mr Khanna's last work to the big screen for his fans,\" said the director.Khanna started shooting for the film where he plays an ageing don, about a year back. The last time he shot for it was around five and a half months ago in Madh Island. But then, his condition started deteriorating.Raza Murad, also a part of the film's cast, told us, \"I am fortunate to have been around Mr Khanna during the making of Riyasat. The film is under production and I am happy Tyagi is trying his best to ensure that the film isn't shelved. It is very sweet on his part.\"Trying his best to finish his project and release it a day before Khanna's birthday, Tyagi claimed, \"He was family to me.\" The film also stars Gauri Kulkarni (of Frozen fame), Aryan Vaid and Aryeman Ramsay.Listen to Rajesh Khanna's evergreen hits", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15049962", "title": "Auto drivers bash up couple", "text": "KOLKATA: A young couple had a torrid time in the clutches of autorickshaw drivers on Sarat Bose Road on Thursday evening. While the man was beaten up for protesting against the damage caused to his car in an auto collision, his wife was forcibly driven to another locality when she boarded the auto to stop the driver from escaping.The couple was driving home on their Tata Manza around 5.10pm when an iron rod sticking out of an auto punctured a wheel of the car. The couple asked the auto driver to stop, but he tried to speed away. The woman ran after it and climbed in to get him to stop, but he drove all the way to Pyara Bazar, where she jumped off to escape. Her husband, meanwhile, was surrounded by other auto drivers, and beaten up. The woman returned to the accident site and took him to SSKM hospital. She, too, was injured in the scuffle. Police seized the auto but the driver is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15052641", "title": "Vidya Vikas Mandal to inaugurate their new CBSE science stream", "text": "MARGAO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar to inaugurate Vidya Vikas Academy Higher Secondary CBSE ( Central Board of Secondary Education) Science wing in Margao on Saturday in the presence of Margao MLA Digambar Kamat. The higher secondary along with Dhempe Higher Secondary College of Arts and Science, Panjim have technical collaboration with IITian's Pace Education Mumbai, who have expertise in teaching.\"It is yet another feather feature in the cap of Vidya Vikas Mandal to start higher secondary in CBSE science stream from this academic year June 2012 with sixty students although nearly 180 students had applied\" said Ramnath Kare, president of Vidya Vikas Mandal while addressing mediapersons recently.The new state of the art building that was built at a cost of Rs 2 crore has been dedicated to house the HSS students and is designed with fully air conditioned classroom, interactive projectors and other such features including a mini-sports arena.Speaking about the collaboration with IITian's Pace Education Mumbai, Kare said that the lecturers appointed are IItians themselves and their aim is to see that ' maxim of our talented Goan students become tomorrow's IITians, doctors , engineers amongst other such professions\".Vidya Vikas Academy HSS has got the requisite approvals from CBSE, New Delhi and the state education department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053205", "title": "Thuppaki court hearing postponed", "text": "Ilayathalapathy Vijay and director Murugadoss are waiting to resue Thuppakki from the legal entanglement that has come up. But fans might have to wait a bit longer as the court hearing has been delayed yet again. It was supposed to happen on Thursday but the date has been pushed back yet again to July 25th.People think that the third time is the charm and the final verdict will be out. The case has been filed by Ravi Devan, the maker of Kalla Thuppakki , who claims that because both the films have similar titles, audiences might get confused. The makers of Thuppaki are waiting to release its teaser trailer and the audio which can happen only post the court judgement on this issue. Even as we wait and watch what happens on that front, fans of Ilayathalapathy are eagerly awaiting a positive judgement so that the film can be released sans any issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15050551", "title": "One more tests positive for H1N1", "text": "PUNE: A 46-year-old woman from Hadapsar, who has been in the isolation intensive care unit at Noble Hospital since July 16, tested positive for swine flu on Thursday.\"The patient's throat swab was sent to the National Institute of Virology, which confirmed she has swine flu. The patient has been put on non-invasive ventilator support,\" said PMC medical officer of health S T Pardeshi.The woman developed symptoms around July 12. \"Her husband, who is a doctor, treated her between July 12 and July 15 for fever and chills. She developed breathlessness following which she was moved to the Noble Hospital on July 16,\" Pardeshi said.Meanwhile, one more person tested positive on Thursday. The 53-year-old man is a resident of Kothrud. His condition is stable and he is recovering. Since July, Pune has reported nine cases of swine flu and one death. Harishchandra Lonkar, 55, who was the first casualty after the start of monsoon, died on July 11. Since April this year, the city has recorded 146 cases and seven deaths. In 2010, the World Health Organisation had warned of sporadic seasonal outbreaks due to changes in season. This, it said, will happen for a couple of years till the virus dies down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15050605", "title": "Hers is a fight for rights of third gender", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"Death of parents hurt all children equally, irrespective of their gender. But there could be no match to the pain of a child who learns about father's death after 10 years when you know that you can't get the last glimpse nor could you touch him. And all this because you were abandoned for being born as a third gender,\" said Mumbai-based documentary film-maker Hitesh Rattan while talking about her upcoming film on third gender society, more commonly known as kinnars.The film will be based on the true story of Kajal Mangalmukhi, who belongs to kinnar society in Chandigarh, as it was her experiences that inspired Rattan for picking up \"kinnar samaj\" as the subject for making this documentary film titled \"Beyond Imagination\".\"When it comes to taking blessings, we call them, but we do not accept them as friends and family and do not give them admission in schools or colleges. We don' let them live a normal life and look down upon them. Accepting them might be beyond imagination, but it is definitely not impossible,\" Hitesh said.Unlike other films, this one will not focus on their culture and rituals, but their experiences and struggles.\"We have seen films on kinnars, but all of these show rituals that they follow, but this film would be based on their struggle for survival since birth, their loneliness and the myths related to the society. The story revolves around Kajal, who is in reality trying to seek love and respect from common man,\" she said.Talking about it, Kajal said, \"All of us have suffered a lot, but I only wish that coming generations get education and be able to make a place for themselves in the society. We are also normal human beings like anyone else, then why this difference. I lost my father and I got to know about it after 10 years. What kind of a punishment is it? Is it our mistake if we are born the way we are? If the society can accept murderers or rapists and the culture of gays and lesbians, then why are we looked down upon when all we do is give blessings? We can't be a husband or a wife, but does that mean we can't even be children to our parents?\"Hitesh Rattan has a 10 years experience in documentary making and this time she aims at bringing acceptance for kinnars and creating awareness regarding rights of the third gender people who do not come forward fearing criticism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049157", "title": "CBI links changes in Lokpal Bill to more autonomy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) is open to changes in the Lokpal bill that strengthen the agency's autonomy by enhancing the proposed Lokpal's role in key appointments like those of director, head of prosecution and lawyers who represent CBI.Replacing the Chief Justice of India in the selection panel for CBI director with the Lokpal, along with the two other members being prime minister and leader of Opposition, is seen as step that might improve the rigour of the appointment process.Similarly, if the Lokpal is given a significant say in appointing the director of the prosecution wing instead of the process being controlled by the law ministry as is currently the procedure, the persistent criticism about CBI's investigations being throttled by political directives could be addressed as well.These suggestions were aired at the last meeting of the select committee on the Lokpal bill which questioned CBI director A P Singh on the proposed law. Singh made a strong case for increasing CBI's autonomy and opposed making the prosecution or the anti-corruption wings subservient to the Lokpal.Suggesting measures that can insulate CBI from the political executive, leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley asked Singh if the panel of lawyers representing the agency can be selected through a vetting process that reduces the role of the law ministry. The CBI director agreed that involving Lokpal could improve transparency of the process.The select committee has in its earlier sittings examined senior law officials who agreed with members that the prescription for lokayuktas under Article 253 that refers to fulfillment of international obligations - in this case the UN convention against corruption - might not be feasible. Recourse to international treaties to frame a law that impact the federal structure is not within the ambit of the law.The committee is also expected to meet Team Anna in the coming weeks. There have been attempts by the government to reach out to the activists with law minister Salman Khurshid's discreet meeting with Anna Hazare coming to light recently which the Gandhian subsequently distanced himself from.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15051084", "title": "Student unions condemn RU election procedure", "text": "RANCHI: After a gap of five years, Students' union election will be held at Ranchi University, this year. The election dates were declared way back in April but the university administration and the various students' unions are not ready to comply with the voting procedure. The university has recommended an indirect pattern for the ballot, but the unions are in favour of direct election.Leader of National Students' Union of India (NSUI), Raja said, \"Almost all the universities in the country follow direct pattern, why is RU an exception? We have called a meeting on July 20 to discuss the actions which we will initiate if our demands are overlooked.\"In the meeting, six student unions of the city have been invited but owing to the cold war between NSUI and Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), the latter was not invited. Raja said, \"We do not consider ABVP a students' welfare party as they are never seen participating in any demonstration or protest.\"On the other hand, leader of ABVP, Prassana said, \"We are also in favour of direct elections. We have not been invited but we would have gone to the meeting had they invited us.\"In direct elections, students can vote to choose the leaders of union whereas in the indirect form, representatives chosen at college level, nominate and elect the union leaders.Vice chancellor of Ranchi University, LN Bhagat said, \"The statute says that the elections will have to be conducted indirectly. The procedure can be changed only after this election when the leaders become senate members and bring the matter as an agenda of senate meeting.\"Apart from the direct form of elections, the unions also demand declaration of rights and powers of the elected members. Chairperson of Jharkhand Students' Union, S Ali said, \"The powers of the elected candidate is never mentioned and thus they are not able to solve the problems of students. We want that the powers and rights should be defined.\"To this, the VC replied, \"Obviously they will be given power after they are elected. There are so many students in the university, am I supposed to go door to door and tell them about the rights and duties of the elected candidates?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049359", "title": "Youth held for assaulting 'girlfriend'", "text": "Mumbai: The Mulund police arrested a Bhandup youth allegedly for attacking with a sharp aluminum sheet metal on the head and neck of a 20-year-old girl when she denied marrying him. Accused Lavesh Ghanekar (26) committed the offence on learning that the girl with whom he had an affair since childhood wanted to discontinue as her parents has selected a boy for her. The accused attacked the girl on ThursdayPolice said Ghanekar attacked the victim on learning that the boy and his parents will come to see the victim on Friday. The entire incident was witnessed by the pedestrians who gave a chase but the accused managed to give a slip. The locals informed the police and a police patrolling van got girl hospitalized at the Mulund Agarwal Hospital.Ghanekar, a driver by profession, kept a watch on the victim and attacked her when she was on way to school to drop her younger brother. The incident occurred around 12.30pm on the main road at Sarvodaya Nagar near ST Pius High School in Mulund (West). \"Despite knowing that the girl was to get engage he followed her to convince her that he will talk with her parents. He said that he is ready to borne the entire marriage expenses and will not put burden on her parents. He also asked his mother and brother to talk with the girl's parents. He got annoyed when they didn't took his request seriously,\" said Mulund police senior inspector Jivajirao Jadhav.The incident occurred a kilometer away from the victim's home situated in a SRA building. Ghanekar also stayed in the same building and shifted to Bhandup few years ago but continued affair with the victim, who is a school dropout. She uses to drop her brother and sister to school daily. The victim, in the complaint, said, \"Four days I informed Ghanekar that my parents were not interested in getting me married to him. I asked to stop meeting me as I will get married soon. This enraged him when I denied his repeated request to marry him.\"The incident was witnessed by the victim's 12-year-old brother who is a class six student at a civic run school. The boy immediately rushed to his house and informed his parents about the incident. \"Ghanekar attacked four times on her head and neck with a sharp aluminum sheet. He used handkerchief to hold the sheet. Luckily the girl survived when the metal sheet got bend due to its thinness,\" said assistant commissioner of police (Mulund division) Mahadev Gundewadi.narayan.namboodiri@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15051001", "title": "Officials wash hands off tribal girl\u2019s pregnancy case", "text": "Nashik: The mystery about the pregnancy of a minor tribal girl studying in a government ashram school in Peth tehsil going unnoticed has deepened, with officials from the tribal development commissionerate washing their hands off the case. They pointed out that the girl was a day scholar and during routine health checkup had not revealed that she had missed her monthly period.Officials from the tribal development commissionerate claimed that the menses reports maintained by the Ashramshala of the 16-year-old girl, from Badgi-Pada in Peth tehsil, whose pregnancy was detected in the 24th week (which ruled out the possibility of medical termination of pregnancy), were normal till March 2012.\"Even we were surprised by the detection of pregnancy - as good as 24 weeks - given the fact that the menses reports maintained at the lady superintendent at school were normal till March 2012,\" Sampada Mehta, an official from Project Officer, tribal development commissionerate, has said adding that the facts left no room to doubt the records.The officials further claimed that the child was not at school on account of vacation during the months of April, May and June. But when she came to school in July and was asked about her health, she said she had missed her monthly period.\"Lack of sex education also sometimes puts the youngsters and the parents in a fix,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15048833", "title": "TV channel head gets life threats after show", "text": "NEW DELHI: India TV editor-in-chief Rajat Sharma has approached Delhi Police after he received a number of threatening calls and messages from unknown people, police said. The complainant said the threats started coming in after his channel telecast a programme in which the claims of a self-proclaimed godman were questioned. Sharma has allegedly got threatening calls and text messages from close to thirty-five mobile numbers, police said.A senior police officer said that India TV had filed a complaint with police on June 26 and a case was filed against unknown people under Section 66A of the Information Technology Act two days ago.According to the complaint, the channel had aired a programme on June 22 on allegations of fraud made against a godman. The godman was also invited to the show to defend himself.\"Immediately after the telecast, the chairman and editor-in-chief Rajat Sharma started getting abusive and threatening calls and messages from various phone numbers with callers identifying themselves as devotees of the godman,\" the complaint said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "15049811", "title": "Teacher's molestation triggers Burla bandh", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Markets remained closed in Burla on Thursday as people of the town observed a bandh seeking immediate arrest of a man accused of molesting a teacher.Source said the victim, a 26-year-old unmarried woman from the town, is a teacher at a local English medium school. She was molested and forced to pose nude in front of the camera by her neighbour Dharmaraj Singh and one of his associates, who held her at gun point. Locals alleged that police did not take the matter seriously even after receiving complaints.Sambalpur SP Nikhil Kanodia, on the other hand, said, \"We have arrested the main accused. Steps are on to nab the other.\"Sources said Dharmaraj, an engineering graduate, was trying to woo the teacher for some time. When she rejected him repeatedly, he decided to teach her a lesson. He went to her school on Wednesday afternoon along with one of his friends and took her in a car on gun point. He took her to an isolated place by a dam and tried to molest her and asked her to pose nude.Later the accused left her near her house and threatened her not to open her mouth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049633", "title": "No dumping grounds near residential areas: Govt", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government on Thursday assured changes in town planning laws to address health concerns posed by the city's burgeoning garbage and dumping grounds.The new development plan (DP), set to be put in place from 2014, will have designated dumping zones and assign protective buffer zones between residential areas and boundaries of dumping grounds. State urban development minister Bhaskar Jadhav, who made the announcement in the legislative council, said, \"Mumbai and the Mumbai metropolitan region's (MMR) population have been increasing at a rapid pace along with the production of human and other waste. Accommodating waste in such a large quantity, that too in a scientific manner, is a challenge the government must address.\"Civic officials involved in the drafting of the plan said leaving a buffer zone would be difficult as Mumbai does not have enough space. \"Where is the land and space to create such zones?\" said a civic official.Pointing out health hazards posed by the dumping ground at Kanjur Marg, he said that not only are lives of local residents at stake, but the civic body did not bother to award tender work for the project in a transparent manner.Jadhav clarified that the Kanjur Marg site was set up as per a Supreme Court guideline, taking environmental permission from the central government. Thereafter, scientific treatment has been routinely carried out to ensure health risks in surrounding areas are reduced. \"I will visit the ground and take action against officials if found guilty,\" said Jadhav, adding that the government was committed to identify land for future sites. \"MMRDA has identified 125 hectares to accommodate waste in the MMR region,\" he addedMMR is likely to generate solid waste of 11,496 tonnes by the year-end and it will increase by 50% at the end of the decade. To dump all garbage, the city has only two-and-a-half landfills at its disposal at Deonar, Mulund and the third at Kanjur Marg, half of which has been shut down. Even the plan to close half of the Deonar plant is near completion and the Kanjur Marg landfill, which is partially operational, has come up on a mangrove stretch, destroying acres of shrubs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15049736", "title": "Woman CRPF officer run over by train", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 26-year-old assistant commandant with Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) was run over by a train while she apparently trying to cross the Virat Khand Railway Crossing in Gomtinagar police station area on Thursday morning. The deceased was identified as Poonam Yadav, daughter of Bhola Singh Yadav, a resident of Vinay Khand.According to the investigating officer Sukhbir Singh, as a daily routine Poonam had left her house at around 6 am for workout. While going for workout, she was crossing Virat Khand railway crossing when the incident took place.Poonam, according to the sub-inspector, had been recently selected as an assistant commandant in CRPF. She was to undergo a training from July 27,\" the S-I said quoting family members.Poonam's father is a finance controller with Employment directorate at Charbagh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15048811", "title": "Who will bell the 'cat'tle?", "text": "NAGPUR: With advent of monsoon, motorists are dreading about commuting on city's roads. Reason? No, it's not only about potholes and waterlogged streets. It is presence of stray cattle on busy roads that is giving motorists a scare.Stray cattle menace during monsoon has become a regular phenomenon on city's roads. And this year is no different. It has compounded civic woes for the residents and traffic issues for the motorists. This problem is quite evident on several roads like WHC, Residency Road, Central Avenue and others. It not only exists in areas along ring road and bypass roads but also in old city areas having high cattle population. In fact, presence of stray cattle is more near garbage bins and thoroughfares of commercial areas.According to residents, this is posing a challenge for the hygiene of their localities. \"The cattle even defecate near residential places, adding to our civic woes,\" said Mahesh Gite, a resident of Gokulpeth.DCP (Traffic), Jivaraj Dabhade, said it is for the Nagpur Municipal Corporation's health department to ensure that cattle owners do not let their animals block vehicular traffic.The municipal authorities do take action but that seems to give only temporary relief. NMC's veterinary officer, Dr G Mahalle, said, \"We are aware of this problem and every year we trap cattle straying on city roads. We make the owners pay a fine for the release of their cattle but even before we know they are out again on the streets.\" In fact, in 2011-2012, the civic body had caught 1,834 stray cattle and collected fine to the tune of Rs8.83 lakh. This year, 615 animals have been trapped from April to July 18.\"This year, too, we have formed three squads - with three impounding trolleys - that will patrol on three routes from Wardha Road to Katol Road; Katol Road to Pardi Road and Pardi Road Chowk to Chhattrapati Square from 8am to 12 midnight,\" he said.Meanwhile, the NMC's health department has served notices to 14 illegal cattle shed owners for failing to maintain hygienic conditions. The notices were served following state government's directives to keep a check on vector-borne disease, Chandipura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053507", "title": "NTR, Kajal complete song shoot for Baadshah", "text": "The makers of young tiger NTR-starrer Baadshah have wrapped up the shooting for a song in Milan. The unit shot a peppy number on NTR and Kajal Aggarwal under the supervision of choreographer Sekhar. The makers would also shoot scenes on the lead cast for the talkie part till July 24 before proceeding to another location.This stylish comedy and action entertainer sees Jr. NTR in a trendy look and a Mumbai based stylish has been roped in to oversee the actor's hairstyle and look. Producer Ganesh Babu is leaving no stone unturned to make Baadshah a lavish project. Gopi Mohan and Kona Venkat are providing the script while Thaman is scoring the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15050060", "title": "End in sight to Rubaat row", "text": "BHOPAL: In a bid to end the row surrounding the issue of 'caretaker' of Rubaat (guest house for pilgrims), the Auqaf-e-Shahi (royal waqf properties) announced the name of a new caretaker in the city on Thursday. Two prime properties in Mecca and Medina belonging to the Nawabs of Bhopal are being administered by the Auqaf-e-Shahi.Bhopal-born Saudi national Sohail Ahmed was appointed caretaker of the Rubaat in the holy city of Mecca, according to a press release by MP waqf board (MPWB).MPWB also constituted a seven-member advisory committee comprising Sharmila Tagore and Saleha Sultan, Meer Arjumand Ali Khan, Sikandar Hafiz Khan, Waseem Akhtar (retired IAS officer ), secretary Minorities Commission-Omar Farooque Khattani and Azam Khan .The Rubaats were built by erstwhile Nawabs of Bhopal to facilitate Haj pilgrims from their State which included districts of Raisen and Sehore. Earlier in March, following protests over the family's handling of Rubaats by auqaf-e-shahi, a committee comprising city Qazi had been constituted to select the a caretaker.\"It was a non-issue. Facts were misrepresented. All we want is the controversy to end,\" said chairman of Madhya Pradesh Waqf board Gufran Azam declaring the decision on behalf of Saba Sultan, the custodian of waqf properties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15048864", "title": "\u2018Spy\u2019 case: Family cries foul", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two days after 37-year-old Zubair Khan was arrested for spying from Shaheen Bagh in Jamia Nagar, his family is not ready to believe that he is a spy. It claims Zubair has been framed by police.Talking to TOI, Zubair's elder brother Tayyab Khan said, \"They have alleged that he was working for a Pakistani intelligence agency and used to pass on Army documents. He is a very simple person with very few contacts. Who will give him army documents?\".Tayyab accused Delhi Police of not informing the family about the arrest on Wednesday. \"My brother is innocent. They have falsely implicated him and not allowed us to speak to him even once,\" said Tayyab.Delhi Police, however, maintained its stand that Zubair has been arrested because he was working for Pakistani intelligence officials and was tasked to gather information on Air India pilots, since there are fresh talks between the two countries on starting flights to Pakistan.Delhi Police had alleged that Zubair was supposed to gather information about journalists who write about and frequently travel to Pakistan, families that regularly travel there, government officials in bilateral roles, and relatives of officials working with the Indian High Commission in Pakistan. He was also gathering information about army bases, said sources. Police had claimed that they recovered maps of several cantonment boards and details of various army battalions from Zubair on Wednesday.Tayyab said Zubair works with a property dealer, whose shop 'Real Investor' is in Shaheen Bagh area and has no connection with any spy agency. He is married and has children.Following the arrest, people in Shaheen Bagh protested on Thursday, blocking the Sarita Vihar-Kalindi Kunj road and demonstrating at the police station. Hamid Ali, a local, said, \"This is an attack on the residents of Shaheen Bagh area. How can crime branch officials come here without intimating the local police and pick any youth?\"Tayyab is now planning to approach the concerned court, the local Member of Parliament and even the home ministry for their intervention in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15050008", "title": "CCTVs, burglar alarms installed in all important temples", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments Department has already started implementing precautionary measures in temples in the four districts. The department has installed CCTVs and burglar alarms in important temples including Marudhamalai Murugan temple, Thandumariamman temple, Eachanari Vinayagar temple, Koniamman temple, Bannariamman temple and Vanabadrakaliamman temple.\"We are taking steps to curb idol theft in temples and collaborating with police personnel to ensure high quality safety and security measures,\" said M Pugalenthiran, joint commissioner, Hindu religious and charitable endowments department.Coimbatore SP E S Uma had conducted a meeting with executive officers of the department on Thursday and instructed them to ensure the temple's safety. The officers were requested to inform police if they came across suspicious characters.Meanwhile, Tirupur SP Asra Garg announced that ex-cops and ex-army men could approach the Tirupur police for employment in temple protection. Ex-army men and cops below 62 years can send their application to the SP, district police office, Angeripalayam road, Tirupur. The state government will pay them Rs 5,000 as salary. For more details they can dial 0421- 2483100.\"We have planned to deploy ex-army men and ex-cops in important temples in Tirupur,\" said Asra Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15051020", "title": "Majuli may be wiped out", "text": "GUWAHATI: As the state government awaits the Centre to declare the flood and erosion a national problem, the worst fear for Majuli island, which is shrinking in area due to erosion, seem to be coming true. The river island may be completely wiped out of the map in the future. Government records show that 1.7 lakh bigha land of Majuli have been eroded till 2012. In 1990, the island encompassed an area of over seven lakh bigha. The island's present area is 5,31,733 lakh bigha.The records show that a total of 67 villages of the island no longer exist today as they have been wiped out by erosion. The people, who are rendered homeless and landless, live on embankments. At present, 2,709 families are living on the embankments that dot the island. There are 1,000 children and 7,158 women among these embankment dwellers.In the first wave of flood that hit the state from April to June this year, 83 families in Majuli were rendered homeless by erosion. The area of land lost is yet to be ascertained.Erosion, which is now seen as more devastating than floods, has eaten up over 86,000 bigha of land in Morigaon district since 1990, which is the worst erosion-affected district followed by Dhubri, which has lost 80,505 bigha of land since 1990. In the current year, Morigaon district has already lost 1,758 bigha of land to erosion, which has made a population of 3,010 homeless.The state government on Wednesday adopted a resolution in the house seeking a financial package from the Centre to develop the state in all spheres and urged the Centre to declare flood and erosion as national problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15049186", "title": "Govt scheme fails to keep Dhoolpet in check", "text": "HYDERABAD: Illicit liquor (gudumba) continues to flow from Dhoolpet as the rehabilitation programme launched by the government four years ago to wean brewers from production is floundering.The government had identified 1,574 persons from the area in 2008 and decided to provide them loans to keep them off gudumba production and rehabilitate them in legitimate small scale businesses.Under the scheme, Rs 2 lakh is allocated to an applicant of which 40 per cent is provided by the prohibition and excise department. Fifty percent is given as loan component by banks and the remaining 10 per cent has to be borne by the beneficiary. About 300 families have so far \"benefitted\" from this.That the scheme has resulted in little success is apparent. On Thursday, close to 2000 sachets of gudumba produced in Dhoolpet were seized during transit, showing that the illegal activity is still thriving. Excise officials say that it is common to find locals on scooters laden with hundreds of sachets making their way to other parts of the city from Dhoolpet before the break of dawn. Nabbing the culprits involves chases akin to those seen in action thrillers, jeopardizing the lives of both the transporter and the official chasing him.Then there is the problem of getting loans from banks. A senior official requesting anonymity said, \"The scheme relies on the bank loan, the 50 per cent component. Bankers in the vicinity of Dhoolpet are concerned about their recovery. Sans any guarantee from the government they are not willing to lend,\" said an official.Giving an example, he said a banker who had cleared loans for 97 when on the verge of retirement, drew flak from his management as only 15 beneficiaries were regularly paying the installments. The bankers, he said, simply do not want to take the risk. The bank manager's retirement benefits were reportedly held up post his superannuation.Also, during a district consultative meeting in June, district collector Natrajan Gulzar reportedly remarked that the scheme in its current form is ineffective and requires changes in its structure and implementation.Officials also said that the scheme itself can do little until the government addresses the production of black jaggery which is the main ingredient for gudumba production. \"When black jaggery is seized, cases are booked but the sellers are let off by court when they claim that the material sold was not for the purpose of illicit liquor distillation,\" he said.When contacted, deputy excise commissioner for Hyderabad district M A Farooqi maintained that the scheme has achieved positive results. \"The objectives of the scheme can only be achieved gradually. We have been monitoring beneficiaries and have responded by reducing their involvement in the business. We have added more names to the earlier list of 1,574 persons,\" he said. However, there are no figures available to show how many of those who availed of the loans have left the illegal trade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15049712", "title": "Delay leads to chaos among aspirants", "text": "LUCKNOW: Counselling of allotment of seats through Combined Pre Medical Test was delayed by more than four hours on Thursday. This led to a lot of resentment among the applicants and their parents. Candidates reportedly raised anti-government slogans and demanded immediate starting of the counselling process. \"The counselling was to begin at 11.00 am, but could not start till 3.00 pm. And we had no idea of what was happening. The officials didn't even have a valid reason for the delay,\" said a student.Confusion over allotment of 100 seats from Kannauj Medical College added to the resentment. The college which has come up under the special component plan has just 15% seats for the general candidates. An equal number of seats are reserved for OBC candidates, while the remaining seats are meant only for SC/ST candidates. This made some candidates interpret that the government is implementing 85% reservation, which as per Supreme Court order is wrong. \"There cannot be more than 50% reservation anywhere,\" said one of them. This was however sorted out.Officials at the medical education directorate said that the process was delayed on account of poor internet connectivity. Sources however said that the real reason was delay in issuance of the government order for allotment of seats for the Kannauj Medical College.As a result of chaos, counselling ended at around 10.00 pm with 245 students locking their choices.Till now, 510 students have been allotted their seats. Counselling would continue on Friday for rank range 651-900.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15052695", "title": "Ex-Army chief VK Singh, 4 others get bail in defamation case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ex-Army chief VK Singh and four top serving officers, including vice chief of Army staff, on Monday appeared before a Delhi court following summons against them in a criminal defamation case and were granted bail.Former Army chief Gen V K Singh, Vice Chief of Army Staff S K Singh, Lt Gen B S Thakur (Director General of Military Intelligence), Major General S L Narshiman (Additional Director General of Public Information) and Lt Col Hitten Sawhney appeared before the court in the case filed by Lt Gen (retd) Tejinder Singh.All the five accused were granted bail by Metropolitan Magistrate Jay Thareja on a personal bond of Rs 20,000 each.In his complaint, Tejinder Singh has accused them of misusing their official position, power and authority to level false charges against him.Thareja had on June eight directed them to appear before him, saying they have been \"summoned as accused in the present matter\".Tejinder Singh had filed the complaint alleging that he was defamed by the Army through its press release issued on March 5, which accused him of offering a bribe of Rs 14 crore to the erstwhile Army chief to clear a deal of 600 trucks, a charge refuted by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15050299", "title": "Schools not filling RTE quota will be derecognized: Zilla Parishad", "text": "PUNE: The education board of the Pune Zilla Parishad (ZP) has warned all aided, unaided, partly-aided and permanently-unaided schools in the district, that they would be derecognized if they did not follow the 25% reservation guideline in the right to education (RTE) Act.At a meeting of school principals on Wednesday, the education board chief said that ZP officials are going to conduct an inspection to see if schools are following the guidelines or not. Over 300 principals attended the meeting.Addressing the principals, Govind Nandede, joint director of the ZP education board, said, \"The RTE guideline stipulates 25% seats to be reserved for the students from economically disadvantaged and socially weaker section of the society. After the efforts by the union government to improve the quality of primary education in the country over the past 60 years proved unsuccessful, the government introduced the RTE.\"Nandede said, \"Schools must provide quality education with all facilities to the students admitted under reserved quota.\"If any school is found flouting the guidelines, then the school will be derecognized from the ZP.\"It has also been noticed that some schools do not allow our officials to enter their premises and conduct an inquiry. Such schools will face stringent action,\" Nandede said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15049035", "title": "Green nod for waste mgmt project", "text": "HYDERABAD: Despite facing objections from locals of Jawaharnagar against the Integrated Solid Waste Management (ISWM) project, the State Level Environment Impact Assessment Authority (SEIAA) of the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has given environmental clearance (EC) for the project.The ISWM project is being taken up by Ramky Enviro Engineers Ltd to modernise the existing Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) dump yard in Jawaharnagar village in Shamirpet mandal.Since the project cost is over Rs 400 crore and connected to pollution-causing materials (solid waste), the project developer has to get an EC from the MoEF. For clearing the EC, a public hearing was conducted on March 29, 2012 in Jawaharnagar. At the public hearing, the locals opposed the project saying that drinking water, ground water and other water resources were getting polluted due to the yard apart from the smell emanating from it. Complaining about the garbage vehicles damaging the roads, they demanded shifting of the dump.Even after stiff resistance from the people, the SEIAA issued the EC a few days ago. However, the only relief to the residents was that the MoEF stipulated certain conditions and asked the project developer Ramky to comply with them. The MoEF directed the management to supply drinking water to the areas where water resources were getting contaminated and to maintain ambient air quality.The MoEF directed the project management to adopt 'zero' discharge method and to make sure that effluents are not discharged outside the premises. The waste generated from the boiler blow down, DM plant regeneration, cooling tower bleed and floor washing etc should be treated. The waste water should be recycled and used for various purposes, including development of green belt on the premises. The other condition is that leachate generated from the compost plant should not be discharged into water bodies in and around the project site.For maintaining the air quality, four ambient air quality monitoring stations should be established in the core as well as buffer zones. Data on air quality should be regularly monitored by authorities. The ISWM management must harvest rainwater from rooftops and storm water drains to recharge groundwater.The MoEF said the existing dump should be capped and greenery should be developed on the same premises to reduce soil erosion.Waste oil and hazardous waste generated from the facility should be disposed as per the Hazardous Waste Management Rules. A green belt should be developed along the boundary and approach roads in consultation with the local forest officials.Though the EC is valid for five years, it could be renewed depending upon compliance of stipulated conditions.\"The EC has been given to set up two refuse derived fuel (RDF) plants having a capacity of 1200 tonnes per day (TPD), three compost plants of 680 TDP, two power plants to generate 24 mw each and bio-mechanisation of total 500 TDP, recycling complex to recycle plastic, paper, metal, rubber and glass and landfill with leachate collection and treatment system with 735 TPD,\" GHMC executive engineer (Solid Waste Management) D Sudhakar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15054517", "title": "It was really fun being a part of Trivandrum Lodge: Bhavana", "text": "Actress Bhavana is a busy bee these days. She has half a dozen projects up her sleeve. While she will play Upendra's lead in the Sandalwood flick, Topiwala, closer home, she has two releases at hand - actor-director Madhupal's Ozhimuri and V K Prakash's Trivandrum Lodge.While the former has her playing an advocate in the story set against the backdrop of the lives of people in the Kerala-Tamil Nadu border, the latter has her in a cameo. Though it is a cameo, the actress says she had a whale of a time shooting for the flick.\"It was really fun being a part of Trivandrum Lodge . The movie is unique in more ways than one. It is through this movie that the helicam makes its entry into Mollywood. The few scenes and the song that I have in the film have all been shot using the helicam,\" she says excitedly. \"No doubt, this will be an all-new experience for Malayalam cinema,\" says the pretty actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15050273", "title": "Man stabs wife to death in Pimpri", "text": "PUNE: A 22-year-old waste-picker killed his wife by stabbing, following a petty dispute, at the Bharatnagar slums in Pimpri on Thursday morning. The Pimpri police have arrested Kalu Lokhande under section 302 (murder) of the Indian Penal Code for killing Surekha.Senior inspector Mohan Vidhate said Lokhande had gone out in the morning. He returned home around 10 am and asked his wife for breakfast. \"Surekha told him to wait for a while as still was still cooking. Following this, Lokhande started thrashing her,\" Vidhate said.Vidhate said during the scuffle, hot oil from a pan on the stove accidentally spilled on Lokhande's hand and he received minor burns. Enraged, Lokhande picked up a knife and stabbed her. Surekha sustained severe injuries. Hearing her cries, neighbours rushed to their home. \"The neighbours informed the police and rushed Surekha to the Yashwantrao Chavan memorial hospital where she was declared dead on arrival,\" Vidhate said.Vidhate said Lokhande and Surekha were waste-pickers. They have two sons -- the elder one is two-and-a-half years and the younger one is seven months old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049497", "title": "States seek more forces to build roads in Naxal areas", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chhattisgarh, Maharashtra, Jharkhand and Odisha have demanded more central forces for building roads in Naxal affected areas. In an indication of how the security situation is getting grim in such areas, these states have told the Centre that they are unable to construct roads even in regions which were earlier identified as less problematic. Moreover, not many contractors are taking projects in these areas.The government has divided road development works in eight left-wing extremism (LWE) affected states in three categories based on threat perception. While progress in category-I is satisfactory, states are facing problems in areas identified under category-II and III. In category-II, government provides some security while 'special police protection' is needed in category-III regions.\"We have constructed 1,085 km of 1,760 km roads in category-I. But Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh, Odisha and Jharkhand have said they need special protection for many stretches which are under category-II. We have asked them to come with exact stretches so that we can take it up with the home ministry,\" road transport and highways minister C P Joshi said.In Chhattisgarh, out of 240 km under category-II, not even a single kilometer has been completed. Similarly, in Jharkhand, not a single kilometer has been completed out of the planned 753 km and in Odisha, only 93 km out of 323 km has been completed under this category. Even in Maharashtra, only 133 km of 234 km has been completed.Data shows that road works in Bastar in Chhattisgarh, Gadhchiroli in Maharashtra and Malkangiri in Odisha are the worst affected. Joshi said he has asked the states to explore if they can build 'fair weather roads' using local men and material than going for bituminous top in these areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049708", "title": "Differently abled athletes to get same treatment as regular ones in promotion", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Cabinet on Thursday decided to treat differently abled athletes on par with regular athletes in service matters if they are in public employment.The move is part of the government's decision to give out-of-turn promotions to athletes in government jobs or working in public sector units for winning medals for the country in international events such as Olympics, World Championships and Asian Games.Sportspersons who bring laurels for the nation will be entitled to three such promotions in their career. Similarly, differently abled athletes will also be entitled to out-of-turn promotions if they win medals in international events.The proposal is sure to come as a big encouragement for the Indian contingent participating in the London Olympic as 64 sportspersons out of the 81 who qualified for the mega event are working for the government or public sector units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15050790", "title": "UK finds Pak links to terror plot", "text": "LONDON: Five people, including a white Muslim convert and two others who travelled to Pakistan for terror training , have been charged by the British police with terrorism offences. The Scotland Yard named the three who travelled to Pakistan for training in terrorism between July 25, 2010 and July 6, 2012 as Richard Dart, 29; Imran Mahmood, 21; and Jahangir Alom, 26. Alom is a former community police support officer in Stratford, near the Olympics Stadium.The three were charged on Wednesday night with preparing for acts of terrorism while two others \u2014 a man and a woman \u2014 were charged with possessing terrorist documents , the police said on Thursday.Ruksana Begum, 22, was charged with possessing \"without reasonable excuse\" a record of information of a kind likely to be useful to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism. The police identified the record of information as a micro SD card which contained documents entitled 'Inspire 8', 'Inspire 9 Winter 2012 Edition' and 'Shahida and Al-Fidous' .'Inspire' is reported to be an al-Qaida online magazine. On 5 July, Khalid Javed Baqa, 47, was found to possess a record of a kind likely to be useful to a person committing or preparing an act of terrorism , namely a disc O' Muslim FREE CD containing 39 Ways to Support and Participate in 'Jihad' and Issues 2, 3, 4 and 6 of 'Inspire' magazine, the police said.The charges against Dart, Mahmood and Alom are that they travelled to Pakistan for training in terrorism; travelled abroad to commit acts of terrorism; and advised and counselled the commission of terrorist acts by providing information about travel to Pakistan and terrorism training , and operational security whilst there.All five are scheduled to appear at the Westminster Magistrates' Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15048961", "title": "Kin of electrocuted brothers to get Rs 7.5L", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has asked discom NDPL to pay Rs 7.5 lakh to the family of two brothers who were electrocuted while trying to save their nephew.Justice V K Jain held Delhi Vidyut Board (DVB) and its successor New Delhi Power Ltd guilty of negligence that led to the death of Suraj Bhan and Jagdish Sharma and asked NDPL to compensate their kin. They died while trying to save their nephew who came in contact with a live wire dangling on the street in Nirankari Colony.\"It was the duty of DVB to maintain its wires and keep them in appropriate condition. DVB was also required to replace the old/weak wires from time to time to eliminate the risk of the wire getting broken, someone coming in its contact and getting electrocuted. Had DVB been vigilant in performance of its duties towards the residents of the locality and replaced the old wires well in time, the incident of electrocution wouldn't have taken place,\" Justice Jain said.The family had moved HC alleging negligence on behalf of DVB. They said an electricity poll had been installed by DVB in their colony on a narrow street. Despite complaints, DVB allowed the wires to hang loosely in the street.In 1998, Sunil went out to ease himself as there was a power cut and while coming back came in contact with the live wire. His cries for help brought his uncles to his aid who managed to remove him but came in direct contact with wire and died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049767", "title": "Panel to study impact on mobile tower radiations", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has decided to set up an expert committee to chart out a time-bound action plan for in-depth study of impact of radiation emanating from cell phone towers on human health and ecology.The move came after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh directed the department of science and technology to study the impact of radiation from cell phone towers.The committee, comprising officials and experts from the departments of telecom and science and technology, Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), CSIR, IITs and telecom operators, will suggest a new set of guidelines to eliminate health hazards of radiation from cell phone towers.The issue was flagged by minister of state for science and technology Ashwani Kumar after members of the scientific community told him that there was a need to have an India-specific study. The minister felt there was sufficient material to suggest the possibility of adverse effect from radiation on human health.A high-level meeting on July 3, attended by several experts, decided to constitute a committee to study the impact of ultra-magnetic radiation and suggest means to deal with the problem in a time-bound manner. The next meeting is scheduled for the end of this month.Kumar said, \"Time-bound action plan has been finalized as per the directive of the PM.\"The department of telecom and cell phone operators have been claiming that there is not enough scientific evidence to prove that \"exposure to radiation\" from cell phone towers can adversely impact human health and ecology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15053930", "title": "New flight schedule for Air India Express from July 23.", "text": "MANGALORE: Air India Express has announced new schedule of flight operations from Mangalore to Mumbai and Middle East destinations, effective July 23.The Mangalore-Kuwait-Mangalore flight will operate on three days. While IX 319 Mangalore Kuwait flight will depart at 5.45 pm from Mangalore and will be operational on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Sundays, the return flight (IX 390) will be operational on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. This flight will arrive at Mangalore at 6.20 am.The Mangalore Bahrain flight will now operate on Saturdays. While IX 8199 Mangalore-Bahrain will depart Mangalore at 10 am, it will arrive at Mangalore at 7.15 pm.The AIE's Mumbai flight will operate on Mondays. IX 802 Mangalore Mumbai will depart at 10.30 am and will arrive at Mangalore at 8.45 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15048954", "title": "Stamp paper vendors raided", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after TOI reported on how stamp papers are being sold at 10 times the actual price amid confusion over the e-stamping facility, the Delhi government on Thursday conducted raids across the city and caught 33 authorized stamp paper vendors selling the stamp paper at a higher price than the actual value of the stamp paper.FIRs were registered against 33 vendors for cheating (Section 420) under Indian Penal Code and also under Prevention of Corruption Act.The operation, which was led by the sub-divisional magistrates and the deputy commissioners of the Delhi government in their respective districts, saw government officials posing as customers to catch the erring vendors. Maximum number of cases \u201415 \u2014were registered in the Northwest district. Six vendors were caught each from Central Delhi district and North district, two each from West and New Delhi districts and one each from south and east districts.\"Officials posing as decoy customers went all over Delhi to the stamp paper vendors and purchased the stamp paper. If the vendor demanded more money than what is the actual value of the document, the officials immediately caught the persons and took them to the police station. In all the cases where violation was noticed, criminal cases have been registered,\" said Nila Mohanan, special inspector general registrar of the Delhi government.During the raids, it was found that not only the vendors were selling the stamp papers in \"black\" but some of them were also found to be hoarding the stamp papers to create scarcity in the market.TOI had reported that the vendors were cashing in on the glitches in the e-stamping facility started by the government a week ago and were hoarding stamp paper and charging exorbitant prices. Stamp papers of Rs 10 denomination were being sold at Rs 100-Rs 150 at almost all trial courts. Also, there was confusion among the people about the fazing out of stamp paper with e-stamping facility coming into force.The government, however, cleared that stamp papers are not going to be discontinued immediately. \"No deadline has been fixed by the government for discontinuing the stamp paper completely. For now, stamp papers and e-stamping facility will co-exist. We are also in the process of issuing a public notice on the e-stamping facility,\" said Mohanan.\"We have around 138 authorized collection centres for e-stamping facility and around 250 stamp paper vendors. We aim at having 800 e-stamping centres soon,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049389", "title": "'Congress should keep Pawar's stature in mind'", "text": "MUMBAI: The over-a-decade-old Congress-NCP alliance in Maharashtra appears to be heading towards a crisis following the decision of Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar and his close associate Praful Patel to skip a Cabinet meeting inNew Delhi.The two NCP leaders' move came after Pawar was not considered for the number 2 slot in the Cabinet.\"It's not only about recognizing Pawar's seniority in the Union Cabinet. Ever since the NCP joined the UPA government, our leader has been deliberately sidelined. There have been several key issues wherein the NCP has been ignored. It's not an acceptable situation. Pawar and Patel will meet Congress president Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday. We will decide on our course of action after that,\" a senior NCP leader told TOI.Asked if the decision to stay away from the Cabinet meeting and reports of Patel and Pawar threatening to quit the UPA Cabinet would have an adverse effect on Congress-NCP ties in Maharashtra, the NCP leader said everything depends on how Sonia and Singh resolve the issue.\"Ours is a national party. Under such circumstances, we feel that we should be treated with respect and honour,\" he asserted.The NCP leader said it was made clear to the Congress leadership that while deciding the seniority of Pawar, it must his stature into consideration. \"We are not going by our numbers in the House. We know our strength in the Lok Sabha is not too good. But can the Congress ignore the fact that Pawar has been among the senior cabinet members?\" he argued.MPCC president Manikrao Thakre said it was up to the PM to take a decision on the seniority of cabinet members. On reports of the two NCP leaders threatening to quit, Thakre said it was too early to comment on such an \"extreme political situation\".A senior Congress leader said Pawar would not take the risk of quitting the state government at this stage, given the growing proximity between the Thackeray cousins.n the event Pawar and Patel quit the union cabinet, the NCP may not be able to afford to snap ties with the Congress in Maharashtra. We are not sure if they will quit or otherwise. It may be Pawar's usual pressure tactics. But in view of the changing political situation in Maharashtra, particularly in the wake of likely alliance between Shiv Sena and Raj Thackeray led Maharashtra navnirman sena, we don't think Pawar will take the risk of quitting from the state government,'' the Congress minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049681", "title": "More showers needed to raise Mumbai's lake levels", "text": "MUMBAI: The erratic monsoon has left civic officials and residents desperately scanning the skies for rain clouds to bring an end to the 10% water cut. Even as there has been no significant change in the lake levels over the past two days, officials remain positive that they will rise.\"Compared to yesterday, there was an increase in rainfall in the catchment areas of the six lakes. There has been a steady increase in the amount of rainfall in the past few days and this is a good sign. We just need a few good sh-owers in the catchment areas to boost lake leve-ls,\" said a senior officer from the hydraulic department.In the past 24 hours, all the six lakes received a good amount of rainfall, especially Tansa and Bhatsa that got approximately 90mm.However, the 63mm of rai-n-fall in Upper Vaitarna's cat-chment area did little to boost the lake level and it is still under the minimum required to supply the city with water.The BMC had decided to continue with the 10% water cut, maintaining that the step has been taken only as a precautionary measure.The water cut has helped increase the water stocks, wh-i-ch would last for about 70 days. The BMC had earlier introduced water cuts in 2009 and 2010, but it says the lake levels this year are comparatively higher. For example, in 2010, the six lakes only had a 2,16,283 MLD as compared to 2,63,698 MLD on July 19.The water cut has effectively reduced supply from four lakes-Bhatsa, Modak Sagar, Tansa and Upper Vaitarna.In terms of timings, the cut amounts to 25 minutes for a four-hour supply. \"Unless rainfall increases in the next few days, water cuts will be here to stay,\" a civic official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049120", "title": "'2,500 teachers in 25cr medical bill scam'", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 2,500 teachers of the Latur zilla parishad are allegedly involved in a Rs 25-crore medical bill reimbursement scam, a query under the Right to Information (RTI) Act has revealed.Primary schoolteacher and activist Bhanudas Biradar, who had filed the RTI plea, submitted copies of the relevant documents to former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh , his legislator son Amit Deshmukh, home minister R R Patil and minister of state for home Satej Patil, who is also the guardian minister of Latur, for action.\"I called on them and handed over all the documents for the last five years. However, no action has been taken so far against the erring education officials,\" Biradar told TOI on Thursday.Three months ago, when Biradar submitted a medical bill for reimbursement, he was allegedly asked to pay a bribe for settlement of the amount. When he refused to do so, his bill was rejected on the grounds that he was not entitled to the reimbursement.Subsequently, Biradar filed an application under the RTI Act to find out why his claim was rejected as well as details of teachers in the Latur zilla parishad, whose bills were reimbursed by the competent authority. He procured copies of medical bills submitted by 2,500 teachers to the zilla parishad's education officer. \"When I called on the civil surgeon for verification of the bills, I was told by health officials that most of the bills submitted by the teachers were fake. Even the seal of the district health officer was a duplicate one,\" Biradar said.Biradar also found out that the stores, from where the medicines were supposedly bought, did not exist. \"The Food and Drug Administration checked the bills. I was informed that the addresses of the medical stores were fake ones,\" he said.A senior education department official said the errant teachers devised a mechanism to work around the limitations of the system. As the zilla parishad's education officer was empowered to approve medical bills up to Rs 40,000 at a time, the bills submitted by the teachers for reimbursement ranged between Rs 38,000 and Rs 39,000. \"Under the rules, the education officer has powers upto Rs 40,000. If the amount is more than Rs 40,000, then the bill has to be submitted to the Pune head quarters of the state education department,'' he said.A departmental probe has been initiated into the scam. \"We feel the entire amount should be recovered from the teachers and stern disciplinary action taken against them,\" the official said.Latur, incidentally, is the hometown of Vilasrao Deshmukh, was so far know for hijacking the results of the SSC examination, but now the image of the city has been tarnished following alleged involvement of a large number of teachers in the multi-crore scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15051063", "title": "'Exposure to sex in films makes teens promiscuous'", "text": "London: Teenagers exposed to sex scenes in popular films could become more promiscuous and sexually active from a younger age, a new study based on 700 Hollywood blockbusters has claimed. Psychologists concluded that teenagers exposed to more sex on screen in Hollywood films are likely to have sexual relations with more people and without using condoms. The study, based on nearly 700 popular films, found that watching love scenes could \"fundamentally influence\" a teenager's personality . The researchers, from Dartmouth College in New Hampshire, concluded youngsters were more prone to take risks in their future relationships , the Daily Telegraph reported. They also concluded that for every hour of exposure to sexual content on-screen , participants were more than five times more likely to lose their virginity within six years. \"Adolescents who are exposed to more sexual content in movies start having sex at younger ages, have more sexual partners, and are less likely to use condoms with casual sexual partners,\" Dr Ross O'Hara , who led the study, said. \"This study, and its confluence with other work, strongly suggests that parents need to restrict their children from seeing sexual content in movies at young ages,\" he said. The team, reporting in Psychological Science, studied 1228 children aged between 12 and 14 and then analysed their sexual behaviour six years later. The findings provided a link between exposure to sex on screen and sexual behaviour . Participants also said they tried to mimic love scenes they had seen on screen in the real world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053362", "title": "Lead pair missing at Shooter music launch?", "text": "The music launch of the film Shooter took place at HHI on Wednesday. The film which stars Joy, Sayantika Banerjee, Ashish Vidyarthi, Amitava Bhattacharya, Rita Koyral, Arijit Dutta, Partha and Prasun has been directed by Provash-Arijit and produced by Biren Shaw.The screenplay and dialogues are by Manjil Banerjee while the film has been edited by Ujjwal Mukherjee and the cinematographer is Kamal Nayek. The music is by Kamal Bandhu Ghosh while the lyrics are by Goutam Sushmit. The songs have been sung by Kumar Sanu , Vinod Rathod, Kunal Ganjawala ,Sourin, Sujoy Bhowmick, June Banerjee , Priya Bhattacharya and Khusboo Jain.The cast and crew members were present at the music launch, but what spoiled the evening was the absence of the lead pair. It would have been nice had they been around as well.The film is expected to release on 17th August. Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15049078", "title": "Foreigners leave back dogs on beaches: MLA", "text": "PORVORIM: Calangute BJP MLA Michael Lobo on Thursday accused foreign tourists of adopting dogs while on holiday in Goa and leaving them unattended on the beaches when they depart after three or four months.Lobo was speaking in the assembly during question hour on the menace of stray dogs in Goa. Lobo said this menace is severest in his Calangute constituency and especially on the beaches. Elaborating he said holidaying foreigners adopt the dogs and then leave them on the beach when they leave the country. Lobo said foreigners should be instructed not to do this.Responding to a starred question by Fatorda MLA Vijay Sardesai, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said there is a committee under the secretary of animal husbandry to help monitor the problem of stray dogs in Goa. He added that it is basically, local authorities like village panchayats, zilla panchayats and municipalities who should deal with the menace of stray dogs.Parrikar said that he understood that smaller panchayats may not be able to cope with the menace entirely by themselves and the government is ready to provide assistance in any form, including financial, to help curb the menace .Parrikar said that in the third week of August he will hold a meeting with panchayats, NGOs, concerned MLAs and other stakeholders to work out a mechanism to curb the menace of stray dogs in Goa.Sardesai sought to highlight the problem in Margao saying that the South Goa animal welfare trust which has been entrusted with the responsibility of handling stray dogs in South Goa, lacked proper space and needed a more spacious premises for their operations. Sardesai suggested that existing premises of the animal husbandry department lying vacant could be handed to the trust. He also said that the amount given to the trust should be raised.Parrikar agreed to provide more funds but stressed that all issues would be addressed at the joint meeting in August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053471", "title": "Bengal government to honour Bengali film personalities", "text": "Veteran actors Soumitra Chatterjee, Mithun Chakraborty and Supriya Devi will be among 43 film personalities who will be honoured by the West Bengal government on July 24, Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee said on Wednesday.July 24 is the death anniversary of legendary Bengali matinee idol Uttam Kumar. Soumitra and Supriya will be given lifetime achievement awards.The awards will be part of the film awards instituted by the state government from this year, Banerjee said.Banerjee said Bollywood hero Mithun Chakraborty will be given the Mahanayak Samman, 2012, with Sabitri Chattopadhyay, Madhabi Mukherjee, Anjana Bhowmik, Sumita Sanyal, Mousumi Chatterjee and Lily Chakraborty being among the actresses slated to receive special awards.Biswajit Chattopadhyay, Tapas Pal, Prosenjit Chakraborty, Ranjit Mullick will be among the actors who will receive the special awards.\"In all, 43 film personalities will be awarded. The number is large this time, as nothing was done to honour them all these years,\" she said. Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049000", "title": "Bereaved dad seeks curbs on mobile towers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Claiming his son died of cancer caused by radiation from a mobile tower on the roof of his house, an east Delhi resident has moved Delhi high court seeking compensation.Ramnath Garg has also urged the HC to impose a ban on installation of high frequency mobile phone towers within 50 metres of schools, hospitals and residential localities.Garg in his petition claims local state government officials approached him in 2009 with a proposal to install a tower on the roof of his house in Surajmal Vihar. Even though he urged the officials not to erect a very high frequency tower, the petition says, they misled him.According to the petitioner, all his family members gained weight over one year. But with time they faced difficulty in sleeping at night, faced digestion problems and their health began to deteriorate. A doctor advised Garg to get the tower removed from his house suspecting it might be responsible for their health problems.Garg claims he made repeated requests to the government and the mobile phone company to remove the tower but nothing was done. Meanwhile his son, who was 30 years of age, died of cancer. Garg is demanding compensation arguing that the common man is being misled by the cell phone tower companies and even the civic authorities.Apart from seeking a ban on high frequency radio towers in populated areas, the petition also seeks directions to the department of telecom, private operators and the state government to take steps to reduce exposure to radiation. It also urges the court to enforce guidelines prepared by a committee formed to study health hazards from cell phone towers in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15048749", "title": "HC quashes railway eviction notice to Dhantoli slums", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bombay High Court bench here on Thursday quashed eviction notices given to residents of Takia, Jattarodi and Kumbhartoli by Central Railway. A division bench comprising justices SC Dharmadhikari and MT Joshi allowed three petitions filed on behalf of these localities coming under Dhantoli area. The notices had warned the residents to vacate railway land encroached by them or face forcible eviction.However, the court has allowed the railway management to take action against these encroachers after following due process of law. Senior counsel Sunil Manohar with Nikhil Gaikwad and Shantanu Khedkar represented the petitioners, while Ramesh Agrawal and Nitin Lambat (Central Railways) and Jemini Kasat ( NMC) held brief for the respondents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15048882", "title": "Live music in the House: MLAs croon Rajesh Khanna songs", "text": "PORVORIM: Members of the Goa legislative assembly on Thursday crooned lines from Rajesh Khanna's popular songs and recited dialogues from his hit films during a motion to condole his death.St Andre BJP MLA Vishnu Surya Wagh, who moved the condolence motion, described Khanna as India's \"first superstar\" whose death had left the entire nation grieving. Wagh said the romantic superstar was loved by people older to him, his age and also by people much younger to him.Wagh named Khanna's various films like 'Aradhana', 'Kora Kagaz', 'Haathi Mera Saathi', etc, saying they gave delight to the nation.Opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane declined to sing Khanna's songs but said he personally knew \"Shri Rajesh Khanna\" when he was MP from 1992 to 1996 from Delhi. Rane spoke fondly of Khanna's film 'Anand'. He said like in that film where he gave happiness to others, in real life to, Rajesh Khanna gave happiness to others. Industries minister Mahadev Naik, Sanguem MLA Subash Phal Dessai and Bicholim MLA also sang ditties of Khanna songs and recited his dialogues. But Sawal also dwelt on Khanna's \"Anand.\" He said the film should inspire Goan MLAs to derive happiness in spreading happiness through their work in their constituencies. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049518", "title": "Centre's unwillingness to pay minimum wages under NREGA draws CPM's flak", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre's attempt to tweak job scheme to preempt judicial censure for keeping it beyond the pale of minimum wages has attracted criticism from the CPM, which has called the proposed amendments as too clever by half.The CPM Polit Bureau said it was opposed to the amendment that would make the job scheme adhere to the Minimum Wages Act only \"for the first time\". It said, \"This absolves the Centre of providing full financial outlays for meeting minimum wage payment and will increase the financial burden on states for this Central programme.\"But the Centre feels it has to buffer MGNREGA from open-ended budgetary commitment. A senior official said Uttar Pradesh hiked minimum wages four times in eight months in the past to exploit Central funding. The government feels there is need to keep safeguards against states' manoeuvrings.The bone of contention is the proposed changes that the Union rural development ministry has drafted to get around the Karnataka High Court order quashing a provision that stated that wages paid would be \"irrespective of the MW Act\".While the Centre challenged the HC order in apex court, it has decided to be \"proactive\" for fears of adverse court order.The amendments seek to remove the clause in section 6(1) that explicitly delinked the job scheme with MW Act in the Centre's fixing of wages. But another proposed proviso says the Centre would ensure that \"wages notified for the first time\" are not less than the MW Act.The \"funding pattern\" defined in Section 22 states that the Centre would pay to states \"an amount as per the wages given in section 6(1)\". Hence, the Centre would not be obliged to foot the bill of minimum wages revised the second time and would only bear the expenses of minimum wages before second hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15049991", "title": "National Bone &amp; Joint Day to be observed on August 4", "text": "COIMBATORE: Moving forwards, August 4 will be observed as National Bone and Joint Day. The Union Ministry of Health has decided to observe such a day to focus on treatment related issues concerning bones and joints following a request from the Indian Orthopaedic Association (IOA), which stressed the need to create awareness among people on the growing problems related to bones and joints.Speaking to TOI, S Rajasekaran, president of IOA, said that with the ageing population and increasing accidents, the health problems related to bones and joints have also amplified. On the request of the association, the government has agreed to declare August 4 as National Bone and Joint Day, he said. The IOA charter was signed on the same day in 1971.Rajasekaran said observing such a day has become essential, especially in circumstances where the problems like arthritis and osteoporosis among the ageing population are becoming a major cause for disability. More than 2 million fresh cases with debilitating arthritis or lower back pain are added every year, he said.\"However, it is accidents which have become the giant killer. Official statistics show that more than 1.20lakh people die while more than 12 lakh people sustain serious injuries every year in accidents. The death rate in accidents is much higher than any other disease,\" he said.Rajasekaran said that disability places a huge strain on the economic and social fabric of the family and society at large. Currently, the financial implication of treating these problems is estimated at Rs 7 lakh crores. Despite the problems that poor health causes, he said that awareness levels were low.Rajasekaran said that the purpose of observing this special day was to encourage people to give back to society. As part of the programme, he said that every IOA member should conduct at least one operation free of charge before August 4. Out of the 10,000 members, he hopes to achieve about 8,000 free operations.Taking the call from the association, members have so far carried out 464 surgeries. The association president also announced that 150 fellowships have been formed this year to train doctors working in rural areas. Already 62 people have completed their training he said with the total cost of training amounting to Rs 75 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15052834", "title": "Heroine: Censor Board chops off Kareena\u2019s smoking scene", "text": "You will probably not see a 'smoking'-hot Kareena Kapoor in Heroine, at least not in the trailer. The shots of her smoking in the trailer have been duly censored before being cleared. As for the film, when it is censored in September all the scenes showing Kareena blowing smokes in air would be blurred out.So here's the non-negotiable deal. If your hero or heroine in a film is a smoker you've got reason to worry. If your protagonist is a chain-smoker then you have serious reason for concern. The Censor Board Of Film Certification (CBFC ) has decided to blur all images of smoking from feature films.As for trailers scenes showing smoking stand banned. Confirming the censoring of Kareena's smoking scene as well as some love-making scenes and expletives in the trailer, J.P.Singh, CBFC's Regional Officer, Mumbai said, \"We've taken a decision some time back to show no smoking in trailers. This is because in a trailer there can no disclaimer about smoking. In the full-length feature film, there has to be disclaimer about smoking at the beginning and after interval. Even then the smoking sequences are blurred.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15049508", "title": "Amartya Sen named Nalanda University chancellor", "text": "PATNA: Nobel laureate Amartya Sen has been appointed the first chancellor of the proposed Nalanda University (NU). He is also the chairman of the NU governing body. The appointment has been made by the President and it was announced by governing body member and former foreign minister of Singapore, George Yeo , after the daylong meeting here on Thursday.Sen said the first two schools on ecology &amp; environment and historical studies will start in 2014. After the approval of its architectural design, the construction work and appointment of faculty members will start simultaneously. \"There will be seven postgraduate schools in the university. Two more schools of Information &amp; Technology and Economics &amp; Management will come up,\" Sen told media. \"Initially, 100 students in each of the two schools will be enrolled,\" NU VC Gopa Sabharwal said.She also announced the formation of two bodies, an endowment committee, to be headed by board member and JD(U) MP N K Singh for raising funds from non-government sources, and an international advisory panel headed by George Yeo. \"The Thai princess has agreed to be a member of the panel while Lord Meghnad Desai is another member. The confirmation of other dignitaries is awaited,\" said Yeo.The meeting endorsed and adopted the recommendations of the Nalanda Monitoring Committee (NMC). That included an airport in Nalanda and inclusion of school on peace studies. The board is also taking note of the suggestion made by chief minister Nitish Kumar on Thursday during luncheon meeting with the members. The CM suggested the board members to include school of basic science in the NU. \"We will see in what shape this subject is taught in other universities in the world,\" Sen added.The next meeting of the board will be held on February 13, 2013, at Rajgir. In November, 2012, the NMC, headed by Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia, will meet here. The NMC's first meeting was held in Delhi last month.Sen said by January next, the architectural design agency will be selected through global competition. Regarding faculty appointment, Sugata Bose of Harvard University , another member of the board, said 26 faculty positions, including that of dean, professor and associate professors, would be created and teachers would come from different parts of the world. The formula for the faculty would be made as per the standard of universities in SAARC nations.Singh said the university would be funded by the central government. Union ministry of finance was in the process of preparing a detailed project for the university as part of the 12th five-year plan. \"We are also encouraging private endowment. One individual has announced US$1 million and Australia has agreed to establish a chair,\" he added.All the members of the board, except Wang Gungwu of Singapore and Prapod Assavavirulhakarn of Thailand , attended the meeting which discussed in detail the various issues related to the NU. When asked whether he would spend more time in Nalanda as its chancellor, Sen smiled and said, \"Sure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15049748", "title": "Swiss pilot on world tour touches down in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: A twenty-two-year-old Swiss national is on a tour to turn Jules Verne's work of fiction into reality. Adventurer and pilot Carlo Schmid may not be able to match up to the adventures that Phileas Fogg and his French valet had on their way to Kolkata (then Calcutta) from Mumbai (then Bombay) and in the city itself but he is well on his way to circumnavigate the globe in his single-engine Cessna 210 in 80 days and get his name in the Guinness Book of World Records as the youngest pilot to do so solo.The 22-year-old On Thursday afternoon, he landed safely in Kolkata on Thursday and will leave for Thailand (not Hong Kong as Fogg had done) on Friday. It was a childhood dream for Schmid which he is determined to realize. the 22-year-old Swiss to turn Jules Verne's work of fiction into reality.He set out on July 11 from Dubendorf airfield in Switzerland and has already covered 12 citiesso far , including Ahmedabad and Nagpur. His next stop will be Chiang Mai in Thailand. Schmid will leave Indian airspace on Friday but he will leave a lasting mark on the country. The youth He is raising funds through these flights that in during his flight that he plans to hand over to Unicef , Switzerland for education of the girl child in India. Even the 'call sign' of his aircraft numbered RTW2012 has changed from 'Romeo Tango Whiskey Two Zero One Two' to 'Round the World for Children 2012'.Schmid plans to cover 43 cities and towns in 21 countries across the four continents of Europe, Africa , Asia, and North America and cover a flight distance of 40,000 km. He hopes to break the current world record that was set in 2007 by Irving Barrington.\"I dreamt of flying before I knew how to walk. I might fail but I will never give up,\" Schmid said before he set out from Switzerland. The average flying time per leg of the journey is three to four hours. Till date, Schmid has clocked a total of 108 hours and 52 minutes in the air. The overall budget is nearly CHF (Swiss Franc) 500,000. He will be financed by sponsors, co-operation partners and private donors.\"It is very important that our project and my young team set an example. On one hand, we will be attempting to break a world record, while on the other, we also wish to do something for the disadvantaged,\" said Schmid, who plans to fly the concluding distance from Hamburg in Germany to Zurich in Switzerland on September 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15052508", "title": "Goa forest and environment ministry to help implement Rio+20", "text": "MARGAO: Rio+20 India Programme will be undertaken in Goa in co-ordination with the office of Alina Saldanha, the state minister of forest and environment. Rio+20 is the short name for the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development to take place in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, 20 - 22 June 2012. The state ministry of forest and environment will coordinate with the Rio+20 Indian programme which consists of consists of a certification program for schools in India, corporate workshops and Rio+20 India summits. The aim is for students from schools, colleges and student associations to drive the summit discussions and commitments across the state and country- leading to Rio+20 India Declaration.Rio+20 India Program is spearheaded by Indian Astrobiology Research Centre, Mumbai. It will take the message of Rio+20 Summit across India, especially to the student community. The program is listed on Rio+20 United Nations website. Pushkar Ganesh Vaidya, the head scientist at the Indian Astrobiology Research Centre, Mumbai will lead Rio+20 India Program.\"We must remember that Rio+20 Summit is not the end but a beginning, it has a critical follow-up phase. The Rio+20 India Program is focused on this follow-up phase and will benefit participants as they learn about science, art and economics that influence decision making processes at highest levels, \"said Vaidya.\"Rio+20 is about making and delivering commitments. IARC has made an official Voluntary Commitment to United Nations that it will take Rio+20 Goals to one million Indians by December. It is called One Million Rios,\" added Sunil Churi, Rio+20 India Program Facilitator.Rio+20 Certification Program offers an opportunity to Indian students to benefit from an international curriculum focused on sustainable development related outlook, lifestyle and career prospects. This program will be available for students from Schools &amp; Junior Colleges.Rio+20 Certification Workshops for corporates will be half-day interactive and dynamic workshops facilitated by scientists and science communicators. These workshops will stimulate discussion and action leading to measurable commitments and follow up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "15048905", "title": "Mother killed, boy abducted in Faridabad", "text": "FARIDABAD: A 30-year-old woman was stabbed to death and her son was kidnapped by some unidentified assailants in Faridabad on Thursday evening.According to police, Kiran, the wife of building contractor, was in her house in Indra Colony, Sector-21 along with her son Raj when the incident occurred. Two of her children had gone to tuition classes while another one had gone to visit his grandparents.Police said that the house was ransacked though nothing was found missing. The motive behind the murder and the kidnapping is not clear yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15051155", "title": "Fashion institute conducts workshop on Sohrai painting", "text": "RANCHI: Sohrai, an ancient traditional art form of Jharkhand which is usually painted on walls was tried in a new format on fabric and pottery by International Institute of Fashion Technology (IIFT) students on Thursday.A two-day workshop was organized on Sohrai by IIFT in association with Camlin. It covered different aspects of Sohrai art such as its history, traditional value, cultural aspect, its design and how to employ it in modern day creativity.Generally Sohrai is the art form which depicts nature and the colours used basically are black, red, white and yellow. \"In the ancient times, tribal used to paint birds, animals and nature's beauty with brush on the walls. The art form was passed on from one generation to another,\" said Vinod Ranjan, renowned artist and researcher on tribal art, khovar, rock art and many such forms.Anamika Singh, faculty member said \"Fashion knows no boundaries. There are many students from our institute who move out to different places. We want them to be well equipped with the culture of our state so that when they can spraed the art form all across the globe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15049596", "title": "Overseas fruits' aroma attracts rozedaars to shell extra bucks", "text": "LUCKNOW: The holy month of Ramzan is about to begin. The Old City areas are crowded with people, who are busy with last minute shopping. Out of many things, imported fruits seem to be attracting most of these rozedaars who don't mind shelling out extra bucks for apples, dates, plums, grapes, and oranges being imported from the USA, Thailand, China, and Australia.Despite the 10-15% hike in the prices of imported fruits, there is no end to their demand. Picking up Washington apples, Asma Qureshi, a housewife, said, \"Ramzan comes once a year. There is no point that we compromise with the quality of fruits just to save money.\"Ravindra, a fruit-seller in Aminabad said, \"Rozedaars are adamant on buying the good quality of fruits. They do bargain in order to reduce the prices, but eventually end up buying the best variety available.\"Among all imported fruits, apples from Washington are the most sought after. These cost Rs 160 per kg. The Chinese apples are next in demand being sold at Rs 150 per kg. Apples of New Zealand and green apples from US too are in demand. The famous kiwi from New Zealand are available at Rs 25 per piece, while pears from the US priced at Rs 200 per kg and those from China available at Rs 120 per kg are also sought by the rozedaars.Fruit sellers say that Washington plums are popular in compared to the local ones. Reason: the former is sweeter. Even though the Washington plums are costlier, that is, Rs 300 per kg, they are in demand. The cost of US oranges is Rs 120 per kg, whereas the sweet tamarind from Thailand is available at Rs 240 a kg.A wide variety of dates - the most important item of Roza menu imported from Tunisia and Saudi Arabia are definitely in vogue. While, Kimia dates from Iran are sold at Rs 150 for half-a-kg, Ajwa Al Madina variety is priced at Rs 1,500-1,700 per kg. The dates from Dubai cost Rs 115 for half-a-kg, whereas Taiba dates of Saudi Arabia are of Rs 60 for half-a-kg. For those who can't afford the expensive ones, Indian dates are available at Rs 75 per kg.Abhinesh, a shopkeeper in Aminabad said, \"There are 10 varieties of dates available with us. But the imported ones are turning out to be more popular than the local ones.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "old goa", "code": "15049034", "title": "Corlim villagers petition TCP over multiplexes", "text": "OLD GOA: As a last resort, members of the Corlim citizens' civic and consumer forum have asked the town and country planning (TCP) officials to visit the village and conduct inspections of the ongoing multiplex projects in and around the jurisdiction of the village panchayat of Corlim. Locals complained that the constructions have no place in the village as the locals do not even have basic garbage disposal, water and electricity facilities.In a letter dated July 3, the Corlim citizens' civic and consumer forum members wrote to the TCP officials stating that the locals had in their gram sabha held on April 3, 2011, passed a resolution not to grant construction licenses to any multiplexs, except individual houses, until and unless the panchayat implements door-to-door garbage collection and disposal facilities along with proper electricity and water supply. The letter further stated that going against the decision of the locals, the newly-appointed panchayat body of Corlim, in its first meeting itself, granted an NOC to an upcoming construction project consisting of around 38-40 flats along with six to eight shops.Locals said that the newly-elected panchayat body, like the earlier one, is not taking the villagers into confidence, despite the BJP, led by Manohar Parrikar , openly stating that equal rights would be given to gram sabha members while deciding matters relating to the development of the village.The local residents, fearing that the village is being turned into a concerte jungle by the authorities in charge, have therefore asked the TCP authorities to carry out a site inspection of the construction projects concerned.President of the Corlim citizens' civic and consumer forum Alexander Gomes stated that the forum had written a letter on June 15, 2011, to the TCP office requesting them to stop processing files pertaining to multiplex building projects with a copy of the said resolution for taking appropriate action, but till date the TCP had \"failed to respect the sentiments of the Corlim villagers\".Gomes said, \"Now it is almost a year since we raised our objections. The forum would be happy to help the TCP department identify violations by builders as life in Corlim village is deteriorating due to poor planning.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "15049280", "title": "Google's Q2 earnings rise 11%, ad prices fall", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Google's second-quarter earnings rose 11 percent despite a deepening decline in the prices paid for its internet search advertising.The results announced on Thursday included Google's $12.5 billion acquisition of cellphone maker Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc for the first time. Google Inc owned Motorola for the final 39 days of the quarter ending in June.Google Inc earned $2.8 billion, or $8.42 per share, during the three months ending in June. That compared with net income of $2.5 billion, or $7.68 per share, last year.The earnings would have been $10.12 per share, if not for Google's accounting costs for employee stock compensation and the Motorola deal.Revenue climbed 35 percent from last year to $12.2 billion. If not for Motorola, revenue would have increased by 21 percent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049366", "title": "Two key bills face TMC hurdle for second time", "text": "NEW DELHI: Facing opposition from its key ally Trinamool Congress, the Union Cabinet on Thursday deferred two proposals - amendment to the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act that aims at effectively combating money laundering and terror financing and a bill that seeks to change an existing Act to give more powers to commodity markets regulator.It is learnt that both the proposals were deferred as railway minister Mukul Roy, who represents Trinamool Congress in the Cabinet, had written letters asking the government not to go ahead with them in their present form. It was the second time when both the proposals were deferred due to Trinamool protest.The Forward Contract Regulation Act (Amendment) Bill is essential for the development of commodities futures market as it aims to strengthen the regulator FMC by providing financial autonomy, facilitate the entry of institutional investors and introduce new products for trading such as options and indices.The bill was introduced in the Lok Sabha in December, 2010, and referred to the parliamentary standing committee, which submitted its report on December 22, 2011.Through the proposed amendment in the UA(P)A, the government aims to make the anti-terror law more effective in preventing unlawful financial activities, money laundering, terror financing and circulation of fake Indian currency notes (FICNs). It also seeks to extend the ban period of unlawful outfits from two to five years.The bill also widens the definition of \"terrorist act\" by including activities that threaten the economic security of India and damage its monetary stability by production, smuggling or circulation of 'high quality' counterfeit currency.The provisions have been incorporated in the UA(P)A amendment bill, which was first introduced in the Lok Sabha on December 29, 2011. The bill was subsequently referred to the standing committee.Later, the consent of the states was sought to the amendment. While majority of the states favoured the amendment, a few, led by West Bengal, opposed the move. Rejecting the amendments, Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee had asked the home ministry to bring a standalone law to deal with such economic offences rather than bringing them under the UA(P)A.Banerjee had also said that the \"ban period\" on unlawful organizations should remain two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15051075", "title": "In 10 years, rich to become immortal by transplanting brains into robots?", "text": "London: A Russian entrepreneur, who heads a hi-tech research project called 'Avatar' , has contacted the world's richest to offer them immortality. Itskov claims that he will personally oversee their immortality process in exchange for an undisclosed fee.Itskov, a media entrepreneur, claims to have hired 30 scientists to reach this goal and aims to transplant a human brain into a robot body within 10 years. \"You have the ability to finance the extension of your own life up to immortality. Our civilization has come very close to the creation of such technologies : it's not a science fiction fantasy. It is in your power to make sure that this goal will be achieved in your lifetime,\" the Daily Mail quoted Itskov as saying. He has contacted a list of billionaires with a proposal for funding his quest for immortality - which Itskov refers to as 'cybernetic immortality' and the 'artificial body' .The initiative is opening its San Francisco office this summer, and will be launching a social media project connecting scientists around the world. \"The 2045 team is working towards creating an international research center where scientists will be engaged in the fields of anthropomorphic robotics , living systems modelling and brain and consciousness modeling with the goal of transferring one's individual consciousness to an artificial carrier and achieving cybernetic immortality,\" Itskov's official site said. \"Such research has the potential to free you from disease , old age and even death.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15050459", "title": "8 lakh metric tonne of wheat ill-preserved in Punjab", "text": "JALANDHAR: Over 8 lakh metric tonne of wheat stored in Punjab is highly vulnerable to damage this rainy season as it has been stored in an unscientific manner. This quantum of wheat is lying in the open and even though it's covered but the lowest layer of the bags in the stacks are bound to absorb dampness during rains.The procurement agencies have already been facing problems in storing the grains as covered godowns have much less capacity as compared to the produce in Punjab. This year, there was a record procurement of around 129LMT while 65LMT wheat was already lying in state godowns on April 1.Sources revealed that from April to June, around 23LMT was moved out of the state to various destinations and over 166LMT wheat is still lying in the godowns. Out of this stock, only around 39LMT wheat is inside covered and walled godowns. Inquiries revealed that out of these stocks till July 1, 15LMT was highly vulnerable while the rest was in a medium and low vulnerable condition.When contacted, Food Corporation of India (FCI) general manager (Punjab) Neelkanth Avhad said the vulnerable stocks were being shifted quickly. \"Things are being monitored on a daily basis and every attempt is being made to shift the vulnerable stocks,\" he said. He said that by August 25, 22LMT would be moved out and by September 30, they were contemplating to completely clear the vulnerable stock.However, sources said that though a major chunk was stored under open sky, this was not only covered with proper caps but the stocks were kept on raised plinths as per specifications by FCI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049427", "title": "India will get to bottom of HSBC issue", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Thursday approached the US to get more details on HSBC's alleged failure to prevent money laundering by drug cartels and terrorists, saying it would \"get to the bottom\" of the issue, and termed it as a \"very serious\" matter. Indian ambassador in the US Nirupama Rao is learnt to have contacted American authorities after Union home secretary R K Singh wrote to her, seeking details of the issues.\"We need to get some more information from the Americans. We will get that very soon. This has been worrying us,\" Singh said, when asked about the findings of US Senate committee, which has brought the role of HSBC's India staff under lens for their failure to work as \"offshore reviewers\".Without going into the specifics, Singh said: \"Any financial institution that does not follow the international guidelines set by the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) makes the entire world vulnerable.\" FATF is the global anti-money laundering club that seeks to curb terror funding and illicit fund transfer. India is a member of FATF.Investigations by the US Senate panel found that the reviewers, in charge of clearing major backlog of suspected transaction alert, did not do their job properly as a watchdog.The probe found that the bank allegedly failed in checking the transmission of illicit funds not just in the US, but to other parts of the world as well. In one case, the US senate panel report said in 2009, HSBC authorized its affiliate to supply Indian rupees to Saudi Arabia's Al Rajhi Bank that allegedly had links with terror financing.Although the government, as part of its commitment to the FATF, has set up the Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU), the home secretary said terrorists were using new methods to carry out money laundering to fund their nefarious activities and security agencies too had to resort to novel strategies to bust them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15049230", "title": "Happy ending for classics: National Film Development Corporation gives \u2018lost\u2019 flicks a second chance", "text": "CHENNAI: For those who thought Kundan Shah's famed classic 'Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro' or Shyam Benegal's 'Suraj Ka Satvan Ghoda' would remain as nothing more than memories of cinema lost, well, it looks like we might have a happy ending after all.For some time now the National Film Development Corporation (NFDC) has been working on restoring classics from various languages. They have managed to restore 81 prints so far, two of them being Tamil classics \u2014 K S Sethumadhavan's 'Marupakkam' (1990) and Poomani's 'Karuvelam Pookal' (1996).On Thursday, at the Russian Cultural Centre, as part of the 5th Samsung Women's International Film Festival, NFDC screened 'Suraj Ka Satvan Ghoda' and then opened the floor for discussing their restoration efforts. \"Films are one of the best portrayals of changing culture. That is why restoring old films is very important. If we lose these movies, it's a whole era of filmmaking and culture that is lost,\" says Lakshmi Narayanan, NFDC, who led the discussion.NFDC began the restoration project two years ago. \"All the films are manually restored frame by frame,\" says D Ramakrishnan, deputy general manager, NFDC. Some of the prints, like that of 'Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro', were so badly damaged that the restoration process took six months. \"On an average, we take two months to restore a movie,\" he says. The Government of India had provided a fund of 10 core for the restoration project, which was done in collaboration with private film labs across the country.\"The DVDs for 30 of the restored movies are out in the market, and it's pretty exciting when we were told that they made it to the top ten lists of several movie and book buying sites,\" says Ramakrishnan. \"It's good to know people still love the classics.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15053480", "title": "Rihanna is a workhorse, says Ne-Yo", "text": "Singer Ne-Yo has said that Rihanna parties hard but she's all business once she's in the studio with him.\"She's a workhorse,\" the New York Post quoted him as saying at his Compound Foundation benefit in East Hampton on Saturday.The 32-year-old was recently in London working with David Guetta and music producers Stargate on the 24-year-old's new album.\"She definitely has her fun, and she parties and lives her life. But at the same time she works. She does not sleep,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15049659", "title": "Recruitment of constables in 2004: Govt hands over probe to vigilance", "text": "PATNA: The state government has handed over probe into the alleged irregularities in the recruitment of constables in 2004 to the State Vigilance Investigation Bureau.Sources in the home department said the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) was earlier requested to probe the recruitment muddle involving several IPS officers, but the central agency, after making preliminary inquiry, refused to accept the case, asking the state to first get the matter examined by the State Vigilance Investigation Bureau. This prompted the CM secretariat to get the case inquired by the Bureau.In 2004, several recruitment boards were constituted at the district level to recruit constables for which the police headquarters had issued three advertisements, numbering 1/2004, 2/2004 and 3/2004. Each board was headed by a SP-rank officer.While the process was still on, it was alleged that SPs were committing irregularities and recruiting undeserving candidates. The parameters of height, width of chest, running time etc of prospective constables were being manipulated on a large scale during the recruitment, it was alleged.The police headquarters immediately swung into action and ordered stopping the recruitment process. However, sources said, while some recruitment boards immediately stopped the process, others released the final selection list and even informed the constables to join at the earliest.When the police headquarters came to know of undeserving candidates joining the force, it rejected their joining and even stopped payment of salary. These candidates then moved the Patna high court which directed the police headquarters that it could not stop payment of constables once they joined the force. A few SPs whose name figured in connection with the irregularities are now DIGs.The state home department later constituted a team headed by former DGP Anand Shankar and including ex-DGP D N Gautam and DG Manoje Nath (now all retired) to inquire into the allegations and submit a report. Shankar, a few days before his retirement, had submitted the report directly to the home department. It was after this report that the state government decided to hand over the case to CBI, which recently declined to take up the case. On its part, sources in the police headquarters said, the State Vigilance Investigation Bureau has written to DGP and home secretary to submit all the documents to it so that it could vet and take a final call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15051172", "title": "Non-gazetted staff threaten statewide strike", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Although the non-gazetted state government employees of the district administration returned to work on Wednesday, it shouldn't be described as calling off the strike. General secretary of Jharkhand Aarajpatrit Karamchari Mahasangh (JAKM) Ashok Kumar Singh on Thursday said they would not hesitate in once again going on strike. The JAKM is union of non-gazetted employees of the state.Threatening to go on strike across the state if JMM leader Ramesh Hansda is not arrested in a week's time, Singh alleged that the local administration was sheltering Hansda.\"Given that almost ten days have passed since the incident occurred and the accused is roaming freely it apparently suggests how ineffective the local district administration is in tackling issues concerning the safety and security of its personnel,\" Singh said.Casting aspersions on the integrity of the district administration, the JAKM functionary said despite the fact that Hansda assaulted the clerk in the office there was no quick action on part of the authorities concerned to nab the accused on the office premises that very day.\"Yes, our volunteers have returned to work but remember they are performing their duty wearing black badges. Hence, one cannot say that the strike has been called off. The strike is very much on,\" said Sukhdev Mahato, state secretary of the Class-IV Employees Union of the state government.He said the 2.5 lakh non-gazetted employees of the state government would go on strike if the accused is not arrested within the next week.Following the assurance from the DIG on Wednesday, the protesting district government employees returned to work. \"Since the senior-most police authority of the division assured us of police action we thought it prudent to honour his words,\" said a district committee functionary of JAKM.Hansda is accused of assaulting Babulal Tuddu, clerk employed at Dhalbhum sub-divisional office following brawl over issuance of caste certificate on July 11. Neither Hansda has surrendered before the court nor has he been arrested till date.\"Police are doing their job as per established legal procedures,\" SSP Akhilesh Jha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15050625", "title": "Woman dies at rehab centre", "text": "JAIPUR: A 22-year-old inmate of a rehabilitation centre for mentally challenged women, situated at Transport Nagar area in the city, allegedly died of electrocution on Thursday. However, the centre authorities did not inform the police about the death for almost an hour after the incident. Even the ambulance was not called to the spot while the girl kept crying for help until she fainted and died. This has led to confusion over the exact reason behind her death. Officials were also evading questions on the incident saying the cause of the death would be clear only after postmortem and viscera reports.The police, meanwhile said that SDM Amrita Choudhary would be probing the incident.Sources at the centre said that she died at 7.30 am though the police were informed only at 8.30 am. Adding to the negligence, SDM Choudhary reached the centre only about 11.30 am.\"The body kept lying at the centre for nearly six hours due to procedural delay. It was finally taken to the Satellite Hospital's mortuary in Sethi Colony at around 3 pm. The incident has once brought to light how these poor women and children are kept at the centre,\" said an employee seeking anonymity.The incident took place at 7.30 am in the morning after breakfast and medicines were distributed to the inmates including 88 girls and 88 boys at the auditorium of 'Mansik Vimandit Mahila Evam Baal Kalyan Punarvas Grah.' The centre became operational in 1984 and the victim girl Anita (22) was brought here in 1995.Sources said that she came in contact with the cooler placed in the gallery of the centre and got electrocuted. Spotting the girl crying for help, other inmates panicked but nobody tried to help her.\"We got information at 8.30 pm when the staff of the centre told us that the girl was unconscious. We have registered a death under Section 174 of CrPC. Later the body was sent to hospital,\" said an officer of Transport Nagar police.Anita Chaudhary, superintendent of the centre, talking to the newsmen initially admitted that the girl died of electrocution. Later changing her stance, she said that the exact reason behind the death of the girl would be known only after postmortem report.\"Her postmortem was done by a medical board in which the reason of death were not clear. Thus, we have also pursued for viscera report to know the exact reason,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15048698", "title": "VC's year of receiving PhD displayed wrongly on website", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after a petition was filed against Nagpur University vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal in the Bombay high court's bench here with allegations of misleading the chancellor's office with false information, management council member Dinesh Agrawal has issued a letter to him pointing out discrepancies in his biodata and on university website on the year of his receiving PhD degree.According to Agrawal, NU website mentioned that Sapkal had received PhD in chemical engineering from IIT Powai in 1987. But at other places, it was shown as 1988. \"NU website is being read by a large number of students and it is a public domain. The officials must take care of uploading the correct information,\" he told TOI.NU PRO Prashant Mohite couldn't be contacted for the comments as he was busy in meetings.Agrawal further said that the mistake might be due to inadvertence and appealed to the VC to make the necessary changes in case the date on the website is wrong. \"As a member of management council and Senate, as per Section 3(4) of the Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, it's my duty to point out wrong things. I hope that my efforts shall not be misunderstood and be taken in the right spirit,\" he said.Earlier, Sunil Mishra, citing documents obtained under RTI, had lodged an FIR in Mumbai against Sapkal alleging that he had mislead the chancellor's office while applying for VC's job by submitting wrong information about his employment. He then moved to the high court which had asked the government to file a compliance report on what steps it had taken on a police complaint filed against the VC.(With inputs from Devika Girish)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049114", "title": "Contempt of court plea against Raj Thackeray", "text": "MUMBAI: A contempt petition has been filed against MNS chief Raj Thackeray for his utterances against the Bombay high court, which had refused permission to his party to hold a political rally at Shivaji Park. Advocate Ejaz Naqvi, who filed the petition, claimed that Thackeray had not only criticized the order but attempted \"to lower the decorum of the court\".Advocate general Darius Khambatta, while granting permission for the petition to be filed, had said: \"The remark scandalizes the HC and tends to lower its authority and dignity. The remarks cast an unwarranted aspersion of partiality against the HC.\" Thackeray had called the order rejecting the MNS plea to hold a political rally at Shivaji Park as \"partisan\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15048671", "title": "Green signal for traffic on Narkhed-Amravati rail line", "text": "NAGPUR: After the successful commissioning of route relay interlocking (RRI) at Nagpur, this division of Central Railway has another reason to be happy. The 138km Narkhed-Amravati broad gauge railway line has been finally cleared for passenger traffic.Divisional railway manager (DRM) Brijesh Dixit confirmed that Chetan Bakshi, commissioner of railway safety, Central Circle, gave the green signal after a three-day inspection of the railway line from July 9 to 11. Dixit said normal speed of mail/express trains is 120 kmph. Clearance on Narkhed-Amravati line has been granted for 100 kmph, which a good certificate.Another major development for the region is that now Nagpur division will be the custodian of Mumbai-Nagpur Duronto Express. \"The train will be maintained here,\" revealed Dixit.\"As of now there are no plans to run a new train on the new route. But yes, the already sanctioned trains in the budget will pass through the route now. These trains have already been slotted in the new timetable,\" Dixit said.There are 15 stations on Amravati-Narkhed route and the link connects two important districts of Vidarbha. Bakshi had inspected culverts, bridges, quarters, stations, level crossings etc in a motor trolley and had expressed satisfaction at the work.The new trains that will pass through Narkhed-Amravati section include Indore-Yeshwantpur Express via Ujjain, Bhopal, Itarsi, Narkhed, Amravati, Badnera and Akola. Another train, Jaipur-Secunderabad Express via Sawai Madhopur, Kota, Nagda, Bhopal, Itarsi and Narkhed, will also pass through this route.Dixit said getting Nagpur-Mumbai Duronto would benefit passengers here in a big way. Till now, the 17-coach train was maintained in Mumbai but the recent decision to add extra coaches to several trains to clear Tatkal and general waiting list brought the train to us.\"We wanted to add extra coaches to Duronto too but as Mumbai did not have a long pit line, we managed to get it. This was made possible due to the new Ajni coaching complex,\" Dixit said.The modalities like procuring spares and training of staff will be completed in three weeks after which the train will be maintained here. \"This will not only help clear rush of passengers but add to our revenue,\" said Dixit", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049113", "title": "CBI closes disproportionate assets case against ex-chief of DCI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Less than 10 months after registering a disproportionate assets (DA) case against Anil Kohli, ex-chairman of Dental Council of India (DCI), the CBI has closed it saying, \"allegations could not be substantiated\" during the probe. Kohli was accused by the CBI in September, 2011, of allegedly amassing huge wealth disproportionate to his known sources of income.CBI, which had registered a regular case against him after conducting a preliminary probe, said Kohli could account for all his assets and the explanations were found to be satisfactory prompting it to file a closure report. The agency said no criminality was found on Kohli's part in the acquisition of his assets.After registering the case against Kohli, the CBI had carried out searches at six places, the agency spokesperson said.The CBI was probing Dr Kohli's role as DCI chairman between 2006 and 2010 following allegations that he received favours from dental colleges for verification and cancellation of certain institutes. He had resigned from the DCI post in 2010. During the searches, it was found that Kohli had allegedly made huge investments in properties, including a palatial house at Gulmohar Park, four shops at Lajpat Nagar and a farmhouse at Chhawla (near Najafgarh), the CBI had said in a statement.CBI claimed to have recovered Rs one crore in cash during the searches at his places, besides documents showing that he had purchased a house worth Rs 82 lakh in Lajpat Nagar. Kohli is a highly decorated professional. He was awarded the Padma Shri in 1992, Padma Bhushan (2005) and Dr B C Roy National Award (2007).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15051104", "title": "Maruti GM death: Parents leave for Delhi", "text": "RANCHI: Family members of Awanish Kumar Dev who was burnt to death at the Maruti Suzuki's Manesar plant in Gurgaon on Wednesday, flew to Delhi on Thursday to bring his body home. Dev, a GM (HR) with Maruti Suzuki' plant died in a clash between workers and managerial staff. tnnHis wife, Saparna Dev, is a deputy director with the Union defence ministry. Avnish (49) has a10-year-old son, Abhiyudeep.Among those who have gone to bring back his body are Rameshwar Sah, his father, mother, two brothers-in-law and a nephew. Avnish, the elder of two brothers and four sisters. His younger brother Avinash Sah runs a medical store in Ranchi while his father is a practicing homeopath.\"Avnish's parents left for Delhi in the afternoon after getting the sad news,\" said Ashok Barua, a neighbour of the deceased who also lives in AG Colony, Doranda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15049701", "title": "20% water lost in transmission", "text": "Mumbaikars will have to continue reeling under water cuts and inequitable distribution of water till the water audit is complete - a process that could take three years. While the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has said that the exact percentage of water loss due to pilferage and leakage cannot be ascertained unless the water audit is complete, civic officials pegged the loss at nothing less than 20%.Civic officials admitted that processes of district metering zones (DMZ) and district metering areas (DMA) must be put in place to ensure equitable distribution of water supply. \"Until a water audit is complete, equitable distribution is unworkable,\" said a senior civic official.The BMC administration and the ruling saffron alliance have projected the Middle Vaitarna dam as the answer to all of Mumbai's water woes, but not everyone is convinced. Several said that while it is true the additional 455 million litres a day (mld) will reduce the deficit of 1,100 mld in the city's water supply, it certainly won't alleviate all the problems. For that, the civic body must install bulk flow metres to gather concrete data on the water requirements of every area. Currently, if you stay anywhere near a BMC reservoir, chances are your area is receiving more water than required. By extension, settlements at the end of a supply line are likely to get less water than they require.\"Round-the-clock water supply in all parts of the city is a distant reality unless we come to know each area's exact demand,\" said another senior BMC official.The water audit, which is likely to take three years, is currently underway. As part of the process, the BMC has divided the city into 27 DMZs, and begun installing flow metres in each zone and measuring the quantity of water supplied to the zones through these metres. The zones are further sub-divided into DMAs, with 4,000-5,000 connections each. Every connection is given a metre, which records the quantity of water each household consumes. After the final figures are in, the corporation will conduct leak detection checks.The civic body has installed \"flow metres\" at nine locations in the suburbs and identified as many spots in the island city to implement the project. The areas selected in the suburbs for the project include Santa Cruz, Versova, Jogeshwari, Madh, Asalpha, Vikhroli, Bhandup, Nahur and Pantnagar in Ghatkopar (East). In the island city, locations identified include Malabar Hill, Siri Road, Ridge Ro-ad, Walkesh-war, Bhulabhai Desai Road, Girgaum, Nai-ga-on, near Mahim Church and Annie Besant Road in Worli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15050077", "title": "Health department orders 38 hotels to close down", "text": "KOCHI: As part of the efforts to tighten the noose around hotels and eateries involved in the sale of low-quality food, the department of health has issued orders to close down 38 hotels in the district. After conducting a separate raid, the Kochi corporation issued notice to close down two hotels in the city.The health department inspected 516 hotels in the district and issued notices to 245 food outlets.Meanwhile, the Kochi corporation conducted raids in 16 food outlets in the city on Thursday.The local body issued orders to close down two hotels and issued notices to six eateries. Zam Zam hotel on Cloth Bazar Road and a Badam shake centre on Old Railway Station Road were asked to pull down shutters.Mayor Tony Chammany led the raid along with officials from the health squad. Meanwhile, the health department ordered to close down 11 hotels in Karukutti, eight at Malippuram, three hotels each at Mukkannoor, Thuravoor, Pambakuda and one each at Keecheri, Kumbalangi, Malayidamthuruthu, Netoor, Pallarimangalam, Pandipilli, Varapuzha and Vengoor.The officials said most food outlets lack proper waste treatment facilities. Stale chicken, porotta, idly, idiyappam, puri, fish curry, vegetable curry, boiled eggs stored in freezers, and fungus-infected pickle were seized from these hotels and destroyed.The district medical officer said they would intensify raids in the coming days and initiate strict action against hotels which fail to maintain hygienic conditions.At Karukutti, DD Park, Pallavi, Richus, Runs, Kitchen Gate, Cristal Kitchen, Navya Bakery, Green Bakers, St Paul Fish Stall, Jose Antony Fish Stall and St Paul Chicken Centre were closed.At Mukkanoor, Mata Hotel and restaurant, Reshma Hotel and Akshaya Hotel were ordered to shut down. At Thuravoor, Amma Hotel, Aswathy Hotel and Aneesh Hotel were closed. Neha in Udayamperoor, M J Hotel, Kumbalangi and Bharat Hotel in Pookkatupadi were also closed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15052449", "title": "Eega with English subtitles in abroad", "text": "Ficus Inc, along with 14 Reels Entertainment , are successfully screening the blockbuster movies Eega (Telugu) and Naanee (Tamil) for the last two weeks. Due to the tremendous response the exhibitors have decided to make it available to the broader set of audience by adding English sub titles to Telugu version, so that everyone will be able to enjoy these record busters. The screening of Telugu version with sub titles in all major locations will start from July 20, 2012.Eega/Naanee is a classic re-incarnation story of a house fly and how it protects his love and takes revenge on the antagonist. The movie is a family entertainer and an epic socio-fantasy film, written and directed by a passionate director SS Rajamouli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049141", "title": "India seeks global arms trade treaty to defang terror groups", "text": "NEW DELHI: India wants a global arms trade treaty (ATT) to be decided by consensus with all \"stakeholders\", where the big players in weapons trade like the US and China sharing obligations to prevent illicit trafficking of arms to terrorist groups.It is more difficult to trade in oil and fruits than weapons. This unregulated global trade in weapons is not only huge \u2014 some figures suggest $2.2 billion worth of weapons made their way to countries under arms embargo in the last decade \u2014 but also contributes enormously to enhancing the lethal power of terrorist groups and organized crime syndicates.As discussions for a treaty at the UN enter its final week \u2014 the treaty is being discussed at a special session from July 2-27 \u2014 sources said India wants arms brokers to be included in the purview of the ATT, but want to keep ammunition out of the pact. The Indian stand on the issue is closer to the US, although, like China, New Delhi too wants to keep subjective aspects like human rights outside the treaty's ambit.The gaps among the negotiating countries are wide enough to foresee difficult negotiations ahead. India would prefer to have strong language against terrorism, viewing this treaty as one more brick in the comprehensive convention against terrorism. In her statement, Sujata Mehta, PR to the conference on disarmament, said, \"The ATT should make it obligatory for states not to authorize transfer of conventional arms to terrorists or non-state armed groups.\"However, the implementation of the treaty should be the responsibility of governments, and not by a supra-national body, because it \"cannot restrict and should not prejudice the legitimate right of states to engage in arms trade for self-defence and in pursuit of their foreign policy and national security interests.\" Nobody is quite sure how this treaty will prevent states like Pakistan from arming terror groups, especially since Islamabad uses terrorism as part of its foreign policy.On the scope of the treaty, India has proposed a seven-plus-one list of weapons, including, battle tanks, armed combat vehicles, large calibre artillery systems, combat aircraft, attack helicopters, warships, missiles and missile launchers and small arms and light weaponry. Of these, it would be easier to get a consensus on most since all of them don't make to organized crime networks. The difficulty will be including the last item in the treaty.Arms NGOs say small arms have caused most of the casualties in conflicts in the past four decades. But China, a big small arms exporter, wants them excluded from the treaty. Russia, Iran, Egypt, and even India, are wary of clauses that would ban arms exports to groups that violate human rights or humanitarian law.India is clear that it wants arms brokering to be covered by the treaty because it is closely related to transfer of illicit weapons. The Europeans, strong on the human rights clauses, have opposed this, partly because a number of arms brokers are European. Only 52 of the world's 192 governments have laws regulating arms brokers, and less than half of these have punitive laws.The treaty should also be effective prospectively, and the focus, said sources, should be on plugging loopholes for such transfers.As one of the largest weapons importers in the world, India says it is willing to accept obligations to regulate weapons imports, but there should be a balance of obligations among exporters. India, though, is clearly being ambitious because it fancies itself becoming an exporter in future.This is not an easy treaty to negotiate, but Indian sources say they are looking at a consensus document \u2014 that might meet less ambitious benchmarks, but would make the pact easier to implement. They don't expect to stop illicit arms trade completely, but put up a few bricks to plug some of the loopholes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "15051199", "title": "Two PLFI militants lynched to death", "text": "Gumla: Two PLFI ultras were lynched by residents of Siyang village under Sisai police station - 38 km away from Gumla on Thursday. The slain activists have been identified as Indrajeet Oraon of Dahutoli and Rama Oraon from Shivnathpur village.Rama Oraon started off as a Maoist but joined PLFI later. Both were acting under Sukra Oraon of the same outfit, OC of Sisai police station Kuldeep Ram said.According to police, they demanded a levy of Rs 1.50 lakh from a munshi in Siyang village who is associated with a plantation project of the forest department under Sisai police station. The duo reached Siyang at about 2.30 pm on Thursday to extort money from the munshi, however, as they reached the village, residents thrashed them to death with sticks and stones, Ram said.Before swooping down at Siyang village the two had looted a motorcycle from a school teacher of Shivnathpur village at 2.00 pm, the OC added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049082", "title": "Tenth Mumbai Marathon to be bigger, better", "text": "MUMBAI: Big things often have small beginnings. And there can't be a bigger example than the Standard Chartered Mumbai Marathon (SCMM). What started off as just another of those normal distance-running events back in 2003, has become a full-scale 'Running Movement' today. And it's only getting bigger by the day.On January 20, 2013, the SCMM will celebrate its 10th anniversary. A host of initiatives and events have been planned in the build-up to the 10th edition of Asia's largest and richest marathon. Stringent screening of applications to give preference to timed runners, a separate quota for women and a $10,000 increase in the Indian prize fund are some of the additions, announced by promoters Procam International on Wednesday.Registrations for the event opened on Thursday, and will continue till September 15, or whenever running places are full, whichever is earlier. Registrations through online applications and PO Box entries will close on November 10, or whenever running places are full, whichever is earlier.In order to encourage the participation of serious runners, it has been decided to only accept applications from runners who have attached a timing certificate from the previous two years. To give a fillip to women, there will be 250 running places in the Full Marathon and 1000 running places in Half Marathon reserved for women applicants.The 2013 SCMM will also offer an enhanced prize purse of $350,000, an increase of $10,000 over what was on offer in 2012. The top Indian male and female finishers stand to gain Rs 4.50 lakh each. While 3,000 running places are on offer for Full Marathon and 10,000 spots available for Half Marathon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15054128", "title": "It took me two years to convince my dad: Amit", "text": "Model Amit Pundir is all set to debut on the big screen as a lead actor for an upcoming horror based thriller/suspense movie being produced by Omnipresent Films.Although Amit has been in doing modelling in Tinsel town for a long time, coming to the city of his dreams was a difficult task for him. He says, \"My dad is a farmer and being a simple common man his dreams were never too big. He just wanted me to study well and find a decent job and get settled. However, I had some other plans for myself. It took me almost two years to convince my dad that my heart and soul lied in the glamour industry. After two years, he finally agreed and I came to Mumbai.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15049517", "title": "Indian Council for Cultural Relations centre to prove a bonanza for artists", "text": "PATNA: With the 19th regional centre of the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) set to open here on Saturday, now Bihari artists would be able to showcase their talent at the international forums.The regional centre will be jointly inaugurated by the ICCR president and MP, Karan Singh, and Bihar CM Nitish Kumar. The state government has already provided office premises to the regional centre, which is opposite the Soochana Bhavan.ICCR already has 18 regional offices (ROs) across the country, which play a key role in fulfilling the Council's mandate. These ROs coordinate various scholarship schemes for foreign students to pursue studies in India and their welfare in various states and regions of India.Suresh K Goel, director-general of ICCR, said, \"The RO will provide a platform for talented artists, particularly in vocal, instrumental and folk music and dance, residing in remote areas of the state who are yet to get an opportunity to showcase their talent.\"Talking to TOI, Goel, who is special secretary in the ministry of external affairs, said a panel of experts would select the artists purely on the basis of their merit for their inclusion in the national panel. \"On an average, we send 150 artists of various streams abroad every year to perform. We have included 5,000 artists from different parts of the country in our national panel, he said.Saying there was no dearth of talents in Bihar, he said the opening of an RO here would be a golden opportunity for Bihari artists to showcase their talent. The regional centre here would extend all cooperation to artists in registration of their names.The DG of ICCR said, \"In addition, we organize monthly cultural event at each regional centre to provide platform to the local artists to perform under our 'Horizon' project.\"ICCR, incidentally, is the cultural arm of the ministry of external affairs and is committed to promoting cultural exchanges with other countries and people, the DG said. The Council strives to articulate and demonstrate the diversity and richness of the Indian culture of India across the world and also provides a platform to other countries to exhibit their culture in India, he said.The ROs also coordinate cultural performances by foreign troupes and outgoing cultural delegations from India, exhibitions and seminars etc. They work closely with local cultural and educational organizations and the state governments for carrying out ICCR's mandated activities. Most importantly, they become ICCR's eyes and ears to identify the best in cultural traditions of the host state for performances abroad.Under the foreign students' scholarship programme, now some of them may pursue their specialized courses in Bihar also, the DG said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15051151", "title": "CM ventures out of house to elect new President", "text": "RANCHI: The two-and-a-half month ordeal of chief minister Arjun Munda , who was restricted to his house since the chopper crash on May 9, finally ended with him venturing out of his house on Thursday. Doctors had restricted his movement following fracture in the lumber region of his spine.Munda used a walker from his house to get into his vehicle and then travelled a distance of about 10 km to the Jharkhand Legislative Assembly to cast his vote for the presidential election after which he returned home.Occupying the front seat of the vehicle and clad in his favourite maroon-coloured bandi, Munda looked calm and composed as his motorcade moved at a slow pace to ensure that the CM did not feel any discomfort. Sources said instead of moving at the usual speed of 70-80 kmph, the CM's motorcade which also had a fully equipped ambulance moved at around 20 kmph.\"It is for the first time I have seen CM's motorcade moving at such slow speed,\" said Rajesh Singh, who could not overtake Munda's motorcade due to security reason. Policemen did not allow other vehicles to overtake to ensure that the CM had a comfortable journey.Coming out of the voting room, Munda said he hoped to expedite official work and meet the expectation of people of Jharkhand with whose blessing he has got second life.\"I have been doing my work all this while. But now that I am able to move out of my house, I hope to expedite development projects. I'll make my best efforts to monitor projects that are at different stages of execution,\" said Munda.After resting at his residence for two hours, Munda went to Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) for a medical check up. Doctors at RIMS examined Munda and conducted a CT-scan to check the condition of his spine. \"He has recovered remarkably and we hope that he will be able to walk without any help very soon,\" said a doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15049901", "title": "Mob attacks power substation, takes to arson, violence", "text": "KANPUR: Tension prevailed in Gwaltoli, Sooterganj, Maqbara and Khalasi Line areas on Thursday after a clash between local residents and police which took place on Wednesday night. The irate mob indulged into arson and started throwing stones following severe power rostering in the area. The crowd attacked the Kesco staff at the River Side power substation and ransacked furniture. Armed with sticks, stones and rods, they attacked the policemen and damaged public property.The mob started throwing stones on the police and the passersby and left many persons injured. They also damaged the police vehicles and sightscreens of the cars passing that way. They also set on fire three motorcycles and continued with their protest till 1 am. The mob resorted to indiscriminate firing and blocked the movement of traffic between RPH station and Parmat tri-section, demanding better power supply. The protest started at around 10 pm.The cops were grossly outnumbered. Taking advantage of the situation, the mob attacked the police and left many cops injured. DIG Amitabh Yash summoned extra force. When senior police officials took charge, the policemen resorted to lathicharge to disperse the mob but still the situation could not be controlled. As the area was plunged into darkness, the police could move ahead and charge the mob. When DIG entered the narrow lanes in Maqbara locality and threatened people of consequences, the mob gradually started dispersing. The police thrashed several agitators. The tension continued to prevail in the area. Heavy police force had been deployed to avert further arson. Some residents of Gwaltoli alleged that police did not even spared women and kids and attacked them with lathis and butts of rifles. They alleged that cops had even snatched the ornaments and looted other valuable like mobile phones and cash. They also misbehaved with women.On Thursday, shahar qazi reached Gwaltoli and spoke to people. He urged the police to identify the perpetrators of crime and not to punish the innocent people. The city is facing severe power rostering for a quite long time. In the name of saving grid from collapsing, rostering is done for 7 to 8 hours a day. If a snag in the transformer takes place, the rostering gets extended for more time. In the areas of Gwaltoli, Sooterganj, Khalasi Line and Maqbara, there was severe power crisis for last three days, following a snag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15049415", "title": "UP stands to benefit from SP-Congress bonhomie puts", "text": "LUCKNOW: Last week, the Centre promised to clear over Rs 40,000 crore worth pending central sanctions to the state. Now, in yet another indication of improving relations between UPA and Samajwadi Party , the Centre has approved UP's annual plan of Rs 57,000 crore and also issued a bonus of Rs 800 crore as a additional central assistance for the Kumbh Mela.Amidst jubilation over the approval of UP's plan, it seems that the state's original demand Rs 986 crore for Kumbh preparations in 2012-13 has been forgotten, and the Centre's largesse fell short of the mark by over Rs 150 crore. The focus, however, has shifted to a new 'positive' political approach. Political analyst Sudhir Panwar, said, \"Samajwadi Party has successfully turned a routine event-the devolution of funds from the Centre to the state-into a political event. Having successfully achieved this aim, however, the pressure to perform is now on the SP.\"On the political front, the Congress leadership has moved in quickly to cash in on the changing relations. First, senior Congress leader Pramod Tiwari went all out to thank Congress president Sonia Gandhi and general secretary Rahul Gandhi for giving UP its due and emphasised UP's welfare had always been a priority with the Congress leadership. In the next breath, Tiwari was also quick to clarify it was UP government's turn to measure up to its promises. \"Now it is up to the young chief minister to ensure that the funds are used effectively for developing UP,\" Tiwari said. On Thursday, Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh toed the same line during his visit to Lucknow.Opposition parties may dub it as Congress' quid pro quo for SP's support to Pranab Mukherjee and Hamid Ansari , but if UP failed to perform, the Congress would not hesitate in agitating.There's another sticky political ground that the Samajwadi government might find difficult to tread. Only a day earlier, when Akhilesh presented UP's annual plan and the 12{+t}{+h} FYP to the plan panel, he made a promise - the state government would generate Rs 1.70 lakh crore from its own resources. In the present circumstances, when the state's finance is under the scanner, the plan panel questioned UP on its ability to generate 200 times more than what it managed during the 11{+t}{+h} Plan period. In response, the state government's said that it planned to attract investment nearly Rs 12 lakh crore from private sector. Calling the claim almost utopian in nature, Panwar added, \"Agriculture and food processing sectors offer a huge potential for UP. The possibilities are endless, provided UP makes regulatory changes, especially by allowing FDI in the education and agriculture sectors. Also, the Mandi tax needs to go.\"To achieve a 10% growth in the terminal year of the 12{+t}{+h} Plan, the UP government has suggested that it will need a total investment of Rs 16.70 lakh crore. With over 70% of the state's promises, in the farm, energy, health and industry sectors depending on private entrepreneurs flocking to UP, this is viewed as another major departure from the Samajwadi Party's socialist principles. A retired UP government bureaucrat said, \"Mulayam Singh, during his reign as CM has never depended so heavily on such large private investments. A heavy imbalance between public and private sector spending intended by Akhilesh's government also has a potential to backfire because if these private entrepreneurs don't show up, most of the promises in the 12{+t}{+h} Plan will not materialise. Ahead of 2014, this could be politically disastrous for the government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15049250", "title": "Promising tickets to Malaysia, agents dupe siddha doctors", "text": "CHENNAI: Some 70 practitioners of siddha, the ancient Indian system of medicine, from Coimbatore and Palladam had jumped at the 'opportunity' when Runway Air Travels, a Chennai-based agent offered to take them to the World Siddha Conference in Malaysia starting Saturday for about 8,000.Now, abandoned in a Chennai community hall hours after their promised flight had left, they wonder if they have read the travel agent's name right, as he has run away with their 58 lakh collected towards return tickets.Police said they were searching for Annadurai, Issac Selvaraj and Senthil Kumar who operated Runway Air Travels on First Street, Chintamani, East Anna Nagar. They had collected from the siddha practitioners 8,000 - 9,000 each for return tickets to Malaysia. They were asked to transfer the money to the travel agent's bank account. The group led by Sampath Kumar of Coimbatore assembled in a hall on Linga Murthy Street in Mambalam on Wednesday. They were told that the agent would come and take them to the airport for the early Thursday flight.When nobody showed up till late in the evening, Sampath Kumar tried calling up the agents. When none of them picked up the calls, he turned suspicious and called police. Police could not find the agents at their given address.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15049884", "title": "Leaders debate scope of industry", "text": "KOLKATA: Confusion over the state government's land policy for industry surfaced yet again on Thursday with agriculture minister Rabindranath Bhattacharya and state commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee speaking in two voices.Taking cue from his Singur experience where his leader Mamata Banerjee played an exemplary role in saving farmland, Bhattacharya announced a ban on setting up industries on farmland in land critical districts - North 24-Parganas, South 24-Parganas, Howrah, Hooghly, parts of Burdwan, Nadia and Murshidabad. The industry minister was however quick to respond. \"I am not aware of any such decision taken in the Cabinet. Lands earmarked for industry can have it, and those for agriculture will be there. The government won't acquire land forcibly from farmers,\" said Partha Chatterjee.Such conflicting signals can jeopardise the good efforts chief minister undertook by relaxing the land ceiling for industries and also simplifying the procedure of granting sanction to industry proposals. The agriculture minister, however, has his views about the declining land under agriculture that he fears would lead to a food crisis. Bhattacharya's views sound similar to those of former land and land reforms minister Abdur Rezzak Mollah who had made a similar statement in the assembly.\"There will be a huge food crisis if industries are allowed to come up in North and South 24-Parganas, Howrah, Hooghly and Nadia as well as parts of Burdwan and Murshidabad because these districts have fertile land, mostly multi-crop in nature. Under no circumstances can we allow industry on fertile land. Industrialists, interested in investing in the state, can look for land, leaving these areas,\" the agriculture minister said.Explaining himself the agriculture minister, who hails from Singur said \"The main reason for our opposition to the Tata Nano factory at Singur was protecting fertile land which was being misused for industry. They (the Tatas) could have set up their factory at some other place, where the land was not fertile,\" said Bhattacharya.The Mamata Banerjee government had identified five districts - Burdwan, Birbhum, Bankura, West Midnapore and Purulia - for industrialists to look for land. The policy said, \"Considerable land is available in these districts to set up industries. It is the for the government responsibility to create infrastructurefor the purpose.\" The state agriculture minister on Thursday mentioned the districts where industrialists should not look for land.Again, the districts of Bankura, Purulia and West Midnapore have been categorised as left-wing-extremism (LWE) infested districts. It was during the foundation laying ceremony of the Jindal steel plant at Salboni in West Midnapore where the cavalcade of erstwhile chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharya was attacked with landmine implantation. The incident led to the famous Lalgarh uprising.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "director", "code": "15048747", "title": "Mere Dost Picture Abhi Baki Hai: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Rajnish Raj Thakur Cast: Suniel Shetty, Rajpal Yadav, Om Puri, Rakesh BediMere Dost Picture Abhi Baki Hai is a satire on the formulaic functioning of the Indian film industry. In the film, Suniel Shetty plays a budding filmmaker who tells the lead heroine of his film to underplay while on camera. Sadly every actor in this film goes over the top. The film ridicules every formula in filmmaking from item numbers to rain songs but while doing so it conveniently resorts to them as well. It emphasizes how a picture can start as a pure plot but is often muddled with an overkill of external elements like action, emotion, sex, romance, family drama, foreign locations, et al. But while saying so, the film itself falls prey of these peripheral portions.The story is about Amar Joshi (Suniel Shetty) who learns filmmaking from London and aspires to make a film in Bollywood. He writes script about a rape victim protagonist and wants to make a realistic film on it. However, the inflexible attitude of the impractical filmmaker keeps him jobless in Bollywood for months. Until he stumbles upon a random PR Agent (Rakesh Bedi), who agrees to produce his film. But Amar's struggle doesn't end there as his storyline is altered day in and day out over commercial considerations, till the point that his film ends up turning a different product altogether.To be fair to the film, writer-director Rajnish Raj Thakur chooses a promising theme but unfortunately doesn't have the aptitude to craft it into a fine film. Like Zoya Akhtar's Luck By Chance or Chandan Arora's Main Madhuri Dixit Banna Chahti Hoon that took a look at the film industry from the point of view of an actor and an actress respectively, this one had the potential to be the director's POV of the predetermined film world. Unfortunately Rajnish Thakur lacks the sensibility and sensitivity to come anywhere close to those masterpieces.The director does employ characters that one would often associate with film industry from an asinine actress (Udita Gosami), her interfering mother (Neena Gupta), an underworld financer (Deepak Shirke), a confused producer (Rakesh Bedi), an 'inspired' music director (Suresh Menon), a masala -maker writer (Om Puri) - but sadly he ends up making caricatures of each of them. Not only do the actors ham, they end up as exaggerated and extreme characters. At several instances esp. in the first half, Thakur stereotypes Bollywood as an industry full of nymphomaniacs or superstitious people. With Thakur's typecast, uninformed, one-dimensional and, more or less, fictitious view of the industry, it seems like a frog-in-the-well syndrome.Despite the immense comic potential in its subject matter, the film falters due to the director's lack of sense of humour. He isn't sensibly able to pull off a spoof nor does he have the sensitivity for a smart satire. Rather the film resorts to almost every element that it spoofs thereby making a mockery of itself. While it mercifully steers away from being a slapstick, the loud and hysterical acts cause much harm.It's almost a decade since Suniel Shetty gets to play the solo lead (if you ignore the unmemorable Red Alert ). He is the only one who underplays in the film while everyone else hams. Rajpal Yadav is boisterous but his broken English lines occasionally induce laughter. Rakesh Bedi, despite an awfully fake moustache, is endurable. Om Puri and Neena Gupta are plain average. Udita Goswami , Shyan Munshi and Shawar Ali can't act for nuts.In the end, the idealistic Amar Joshi does get manipulated by the big bad world of Bollywood and thrives in mediocrity. We just hope the audience doesn't fall for such tackiness!Verdict: Average", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15052469", "title": "Amala has no inhibitions in wearing bikini", "text": "South Indian actress Amala Paul told that she has no issues wearing bikini for acting. She also added that she is ready to wear any dress depending on the demand of the character.Amala has expressed her opinion in the situation where all the other actresses are protesting against bikini. Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15049422", "title": "Two shops burgled of 2 lakh goods", "text": "MUMBAI: Two shops located on old Nagardas Road in Andheri (E) were burgled of valuables collectively worth Rs 2.03 lakh between Wednesday night and Thursday morning. Police officials said CCTV cameras installed in one of the shops captured the entire incident.According to the CCTV footage, two unidentified men gained entry into the establishments by breaking open the shutters when the shops were closed.The shop owners discovered the burglaries when they came to work at 9am on Thursday. The police registered a case of housebreaking and were conducting a probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15050173", "title": "Man held for raping 5-year-old", "text": "INDORE: Close on the heels of a rape and murder of a three-year-old girl, a 35-year-old man was arrested on Thursday for raping a minor a few days ago. The accused was arrested following a complaint lodged by a family member of the five-year-old victim.The incident had taken place at Govind Nagar Kharcha under Banganga police jurisdiction on July 14.City superintendent of police (CSP), Pardeshipura, Devendra Singh Rajput said the accused Trilok Soni, a washer-man by profession, had reportedly raped the girl when he found her alone in her house. As a neighbour, he used to frequent the victim's house. However, on July 14 he found the girl alone and took advantage of the situation. The incident came to the fore, when the victim's mother noticed her daughter bleeding. The girl told her that 'uncle' forced himself on her.The accused, later, did not allow the girl's mother to lodge a complaint and even tried to give her some money. However, the girls' father, who was out of station, lodged a complaint on Thursday. An FIR was lodged under the Section 376 (punishment for rape) and Section 506 (punishment for criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code following which the accused was arrested. The police have sent the girl to the MY Hospital for a medical check-up.Earlier, a three-year-old girl Shivani, who went missing on June 24, was found dead with head crushed. Later, the police found that she was raped by three persons and then killed.The incident had created an uproar in the city and the police later arrested the accused. They were identified as Jeetu Bagwan, Sunny and Babu Ketan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15050719", "title": "Civic body needs to do more to curb stray dogs menace", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The municipal corporation (MC) has failed to tackle the menace of stray dogs in the city.Vipin Kumar, a resident of Sector 20 while taking to TOI said, \"No checks have been conducted in our area despite residents making complaints in the past. These stray dogs have become a safety hazard. And things are especially risky for kids. When our kids return home from school in the afternoon, they find these stray dogs either sitting inside or outside the gate. Many times dogs have chased our kids, which is very dangerous.\"Surinder Sharma, president of resident welfare association of Sector 15 said, \"The civic body authority has adopted a casual attitude towards the problem of stray dogs. Earlier, there were a lot of monkeys in our area and then too the MC had failed to help us out. So we had hired langoors on our own and it's the residents who are paying for this expense on a monthly basis. Similarly the MC authorities are now not serious about the stray dog menace.\"S S Bhardwaj, president of citizens welfare society, Sector 51 said, \"There are packs of stray dogs in our locality but nobody comes either for catching them or for sterilizing them. We have approached the authority concerned a number of times, but in vain.\" The matter regarding the problem of stray as well as pet dogs and their status report will be taken up for detailed discussion in the upcoming monthly house meeting of the MC, which is scheduled to be held on July 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15049367", "title": "Simpler spine surgery makes it pain-free", "text": "PUNE: Twentyfive-year-old Suhas had been suffering from severe pain on his right side in his thigh and leg for more than three months. It hindered his busy schedule as an architect. He had undergone open spine surgery eight years ago to fix a disc prolapse (slipped disc) in the L4-5 vertebrae.A recent MRI of his spine showed a prolapse at L5-S1 vertebrae and a recurrent disc herniation (disc bulge) and nerve root compression in the L4-5 vertebrae.When he heard that the nerve compression could be fixed without a major surgery, he was relieved. Using a relatively newer technique called percutaneous endoscopic lumbar discectomy (PELD) or stitchless spine surgery, the nerve roots at both levels were decompressed. \"There was no incision and muscle cutting, it was like a small procedure which relieved me of my severe pain,\" said Suhas.Doctors in Pune are conducting difficult spine surgeries without cutting through muscles and bones. Patients suffering from slipped disc, low back pain due to nerve compression, sciatica are being relived of pain using stitchless spine surgery medically known as PELD. A patient is discharged within 24 hours.Prashant Kumar was lifting some heavy objects when he felt severe pain in his lower back and buttocks. followed by severe leg pain and numbness. An MRI scan clearly showed he was suffering from a slipped disc. Doctors told him, the disc can be removed without any skin incision, Kumar said. He was up and about a day after surgery\"This surgery is a modern technique useful for patients with lower back pain, sciatica and a slipped disc. Not all spine surgeries can be done using PELD. Only certain patients will benefit from the technique,\" said neurosurgeon Jaydev Panchawagh of Deenanath Manageshkar Hospital.Panchawagh has performed sixty surgeries using PELD in the last six months. \"Stitchless spine surgery can help in the early phases of pain when the spine discs have not hardened with time and pain has not become chronic, secondarily affecting the surrounding muscles,\" he said.The technique has matured in the last two to three years and there are many papers establishing its efficacy and advantages. It incorporates principles of miniature endoscopy, radiofrequency waves and laser technique. \"It is relatively new in India. There are very few hospitals offering such techniques,\" Panchwagh said.Consultant orthopaedic spine surgeon Sreedharan Namboothiri from Kovai Medical Center and Hospital in Coimbatore said there are seven orthopaedic and neurosurgeons in India who conduct PELD. \"It is a relatively new technique, but effective in treating certain spinal problems.\" Namboothiri also conducts PELD.Panchwagh said the surgery can be best performed under simple local anaesthesia. \"We leave it to patients to choose the type of anaesthesia one is most comfortable with. There is no need of general anesthesia in this surgery,\" he said.Patients suffer the pain and see doctors only when the condition is in advanced stages. \"When there is intervertebral disc prolapse (slipped disc), a certain percentage of the slipped discs shrivel-up in a few weeks and do not need surgery. However, it is equally clear that a significant number of these discs become hard due to calcification, progressively lodging them in a narrow crevice of the spine, severely compressing the nerves. This causes chronic backache, sciatica and neurogenic claudication, not to mention irreversible nerve damage,\" said PanchawaghThe first line of treatment should be non-surgical, but if the symptoms do not regress fast, one should take out the compressive elements,\" Panchawagh said.Low back, thigh and leg pain due to foraminal stenosis (or disc prolapse) can be treated most effectively only with this technique. \"This is because the standard posterior open or endoscopic approach is unable to decompress this area easily and effectively as it is covered by a facet joint. So, the patients who used to be either told that 'nothing much can be done for this condition,' can now be most definitely and efficiently treated by using PELD,\" Panchawagh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15050619", "title": "Villagers hurt in tiger attack to get Rs 20,000 each", "text": "JAIPUR: The department of forests &amp; environment will be paying a compensation of Rs 20,000 each to the two villagers, Hanuman Prajapat and Badri Lal, who were injured in a tiger attack at Mai Kalan village in Khandar range of the Ranthambhore National Park (RNP) on Tuesday.\"Apart from the compensation, the department would also take care of the expenditure incurred for their treatment,\" said minister for forests &amp; environment, Bina Kak.Further,to prevent the tigers from straying into the villages, the department would also repair of the forest's boundary wall, she said. \"The wall around Ranthambore National Park, which is nearly six feet high, is being further raised to about eight feet. On the top of the wall, there will be iron angles and barbed wires,\" said Kak.The minister also said that a Rescue Centre would be set up. This would be an absolute need of the hour with Ranthambore depending on just one government hospital which is also in a shoddy state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15049032", "title": "Cops gear up for Ramzan night life", "text": "HYDERABAD: A special police shift will be in place in the Old City for the holy month of Ramzan scheduled to start this Saturday. Keeping in view the active night life in markets during this month 80 per cent of the 1,500 South Zone police personnel will be on duty from 2 pm to 5 am.There are 60 law and order police stations in the city. The population of Muslims is more than 50 per cent in 32 police station limits, a majority of them being in the South Zone, followed by West and East Zone areas.During Ramzan, garment and jewellery shops as well as eateries in the Old City have been permitted to do business throughout the night. With people from all parts of the city and tourists thronging the shops and eateries, streets around Charminar would be crowded during the night time for the entire month posing new law and order challenges.To cope up with that, the police have devised a new strategy. \"It has been decided that majority of the force will be put on duty from 2 pm to 5 am when there will be more crowds on the streets,\" South Zone DCP Akun Sabharwal said. Special emphasis has been given to the Madina-Charminar stretch, where the density of people on the road is generally the highest. Eight crime prevention teams will be deployed here and two special investigation teams have been formed to probe into incidents of crime reported during this period. The investigation team headed by an inspector and will comprise two SIs and 10 constables.Similarly, the crime prevention teams comprising three constables each will keep a close watch on suspicious elements moving in the crowd. \"The busy streets automatically attract thieves and the work of crime prevention teams is to prevent thefts and to alert about suspicious elements and objects,\" the DCP said.To create awareness among the people about thieves, police are putting up posters containing the photos of notorious thieves and their modus operandi at busy streets.On Wednesday, a special meeting was called by the DCP with the owners of 67 popular eateries and cafes in the Old City. Police requested the owners to employ one or two people to work as traffic regulators in front of their business establishments. The employees will guide the customers to park the vehicles properly without causing obstruction to traffic and will also assist traffic cops.The police have also told the eatery owners to make sure that the haleem bhattis (ovens) do not protrude on the main roads. Since such structures hinder traffic flow, action would be taken against the erring restaurant owners.To further streamline the traffic during the last 10 days of the month, the police would divert traffic from various points leading to the Old City. \"That plan is being prepared and will be announced in the middle of the month,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15050259", "title": "It's texting trouble for women", "text": "INDORE: Case 1: Snehashish and Aishwarya were in relationship for two years, about which their family members were unaware of. When Aishwarya's father found a groom working with an MNC for his daughter, she could not say no to the marriage. She conveyed this to Snehashish and tried to snap all her relations with him. But Snehashish was not ready to accept her decision and started harassing her by sending text messages and making repeated calls. This later took the shape of mobile bullying. He even started threatening her that he would disclose about their relationship to her to-be-groom.Case 2: Sunny, an engineering student, fell in love with Suman. They used to attend a coaching class together. He desperately wanted to befriend her. But when she did not respond and chose to ignore him, Sunny started pestering Suman by sending lewd messages and through pesky calls.These are just the a few cases of cellphone abuse, which are on the rise in city. Indore has witnessed a sharp surge in the cases of cellphone abuse against women in the past few years, if the statistics collected from the women's helpline are any indication.Such form of offences ranges from petty street crime to violence at home. However, most of the cases involve youngsters. For eve-teasers, the mobile phones have come in handy to pass sniggers and lewd messages and vulgar calls. About 100 such cases are reported monthly. The number of such cases sometimes even goes up with three to six such cases being registered with the helpline every day, say the cops.\"Sometimes, vulgar messages received by the victims even make us feel embarrassed,\" says sub-inspector and head of 'We care for You,' Anita Dhawle, adding that the victims in such cases are counselled.\"Both the parents of victim and accused are contacted and counselled. The parents are advised to monitor the cellphone usage of their children. Cellphones have become an inevitable part of our lives, but it is the responsibility of the parents to keep a tab on its use,\" Dhawle adds.Telephone abuse is a punishable offence under the IPC Section 507, and the sentence for such offence can be for two years.Five girls from a private firm in Anand Bazar, earlier this year, were abused by two engineers Arpit Agarwal and Vaibhav. Arpit agarwal was working with another private firm, but he could somehow gain access to the contact details of these girls. Both the boys started to call up girls saying they were looking for jobs. However, soon they would get into vulgar talks and start harassing the girls mentally. All five girls then took the matter to 'We Care For You.' Soon after the complaint was lodged, both of them were tracked down, and were taken into police custody. The accused were convicted.\"After a case is registered, we immediately summon the abuser, and he is counselled. However, some cases need to be dealt with seriously. For serious offences, an FIR is lodged and the case is taken to the court,\" says Dhawle.(Names changed to protect identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15054545", "title": "Samvritha Sunil's on a shopping spree!", "text": "Her D-day is on November 1 and actress Samvritha Sunil is leaving no stone unturned to prepare for her wedding day. In fact, the actress has taken a two-week off from her hectic schedule even as she is busy completing the films she has been signed on, before November.\"I'm just back home in Kannur after shopping to my heart's content in Delhi and Mumbai, mostly for jewellery,\" she says excitedly. How about the wedding sari, we ask. \"According to our custom, it's the groom's mother who gifts the bride-to-be the wedding sari,\" says Samvritha. So has she made clear her preferences for the sari's colour, et al? \"Not really. I trust my mom-in-law's taste and aesthetic sense,\" she says, laughing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15050841", "title": "Supreme Court reserves judgment on ban on tint films on cars", "text": "Mangalore: A division bench of the Supreme Court on Thursday reserved judgment pertaining to the ban on use of tint films on four wheelers, after hearing five impleading applications requesting modification of the judgment. While three impleading applications were by the manufacturers and dealers, one each was filed by the Cancer Patients Association and Mangalore-based Car Owners and Consumers' Association . Advocate PP Hegde argued before the bench, comprising Justices AK Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar, that tint films which conform to the visual light transmission (VLT) limit prescribed in the Motor Vehicle Act should be allowed as only luxury cars come with factory-fitted tinted glass. \"If a consumer wants tinted glass, the cost of replacing the glass will be an expensive proposition costing close to Rs 30,000. If the consumer has a choice to apply tint film, it would be an inexpensive solution,'' he argued. Representing the manufactures and dealers senior counsel Soli Sorabjee argued that the manufacturers had invested huge funds in setting up the manufacturing facility and dealerships and banning tint films would affect the livelihood of lakhs of persons. Additional solicitor general Gourav Banerjee argued that the traffic police were not equipped with sufficient luxometers to check the VLT limit. So implementation would be a problem and also there was a chance of misuse if the tint films were allowed to be used. Counsel for the Cancer Patients Association argued that UV rays have harmful effects on cancer patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15049187", "title": "Justice Bhattacharya confirmed as Chief Justice", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court's acting Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya was confirmed as regular chief justice of the court on Thursday by the department of justice.The CJ office confirmed that a notification in this regard has been received from the Union government. However, the date of oath has not been decided. It will be finalized by the governor after necessary documents are sent across to her office.Justice Bhattachrya's tenure as CJ will begin from the date of resumption of office after the oath.Justice Bhattacharya was transferred from the Calcutta high court on November 8 last year to the Gujarat HC and was appointed as the acting chief justice. The 60-year-old judge was enrolled as an advocate in 1975. He was designated as senior advocate in December 1994. He was appointed as a permanent judge of the Calcutta HC in July, 1997.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15049606", "title": "Activists oppose making rape gender-neutral", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid opposition from women's groups, the Union Cabinet on Thursday approved a proposal making rape a gender-neutral offence, under which the word 'rape' would be replaced by the phrase 'sexual assault'.Other proposals, including making 'stalking' and 'acid attacks' specific offences, raising age of consent for sex from 16 to 18 years, preventing rape accused from questioning the character of victims and harsher punishment for custodial rape also got the Cabinet's nod.All these provisions are part of a draft proposal, which seeks amendments in Indian Penal Code (IPC), CrPC and Indian Evidence Act. \"Amendment bills will be brought in Parliament during the forthcoming monsoon session next month,\" said an official.Mumbai Advocate Flavia Agnes said, \"I oppose proposal to make rape laws gender-neutral. We had opposed it when the government made child rape laws gender-neutral. After the feminist wave of the 1980s, many countries in the West made rape laws gender-neutral. But, they have realized these laws are harming women more than men.\"There is physicality in the definition of rape, there is use of power and the victim has a stigma attached to her. If made gender-neutral, rape laws will not have the deterrence value and it will make it more complicated for judges in court.\"The consequences of rape for a woman are far-reaching. She has to battle social stigma, social mindset. While fixing marriages, nobody asks a man if he is a virgin.\"Delhi advocate Vrinda Grover said: \"Why should rape laws be gender-neutral? That would be making a mockery of what is actually happening in the country. There are no instances of women raping men. I don't think men are facing serious sexual violence as women. Consider the brutality and intensity of sexual violence against women. Hope the home minister does not put out a bill that delays or obfuscates discussions on the issue\".At present, the offence is defined under section 375 of the IPC, which deals with a crime where a man is said to commit 'rape' in case he has sexual intercourse with a woman against her will.Speaking about the Cabinet's decision, the women and child development (WCD) minister Krishna Tirath said it had also been decided by the Cabinet that certain sections of CrPC or IPC, which define minors as below 16 years, would be amended and a uniform age bar of below 18 years, would be set as the legal age for minors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15049824", "title": "Lakshmi Sahgal suffers cardiac arrest, in critical condition", "text": "KANPUR: Captain Lakshmi Sahgal, who was a part of the first women contingent of Subhash Chandra Bose's Indian National Army, was admitted to a hospital on Thursday following a cardiac arrest.\"Doctors are trying their best. She requires high dose of medication,\" said Sahgal's daughter Subhashini Ali, an ex-parliamentarian.Sahgal, 97, was the commander of INA's Rani Jhansi Regiment and also served as the minister of women's affairs in the Azad Hind government.She suffered a cardiac arrest at her residence in Kanpur's Civil Lines and is said to be in a critical condition, said hospital sources.\"Sahgal was brought to the hospital around 8 am. She initially had a breathing problem, followed by acute chest pain. There was a slight improvement in her condition after we began treatment,\" said Dr Santosh Kumar. However, three hours after her hospitalization, she had convulsions and suffered brain haemorrhage. \"Since then, she is in a semi-conscious state,\" said Kumar.Another doctor said Sahgal will be under close observation in the ICU for the next 48-72 hours. \"There was minor bleeding in her brain. After medication, she is regaining consciousness,\" said Dr Kainth.Born on October 24, 1914 in Chennai, Sahgal got her MBBS degree from Madras Medical College in 1938. A year later, she received her diploma in gynaecology and obstetrics. Later, she established a small maternity home in Chennai which is still functional.Sahgal married Colonel Prem Kumar Sahgal in March 1947 in Lahore. After their marriage, the couple settled in the Civil Lines area of the city, where she continued her medical practice and helped refugees who arrived in large numbers after partition.In 1971, Sahgal joined the CPM and represented it in the Rajya Sabha. During the 1971 India-Pakistan war, she organized relief camps and medical aid in Calcutta for refugees from Bangladesh. She was awarded Padma Vibhushan in 1998.In 2002, the Left parties nominated Sahgal as a candidate in the presidential elections. She was pitted against APJ Abdul Kalam who defeated her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15050131", "title": "Saif can be custodian after marriage to Kareena: Azam", "text": "BHOPAL: Marriage with Kareena Kapoor would not debar Saif Ali Khan from becoming the custodian of the Auqaf-e-Shahi (royal waqf properties), Rs 1,000-crore worth of princely endowments and properties with religious and charitable significance.Setting speculation at rest, chairman of Madhya Pradesh Waqf board Gufran Azam said, \"Assuming that Saba Sultan, the current Mutawalli (custodian) of Auqaf-e-Shahi steps down, Saif can become the Mutawalli.\" Technically religion of Saif's wife would not matter and is a personal choice, Azam said.\"Nawab Mansoor Ali Khan's daughter Saba Sultan is the custodian and would remain so even after her marriage. The wedding of Saif and Kareena does not affect the Saba's role as the head of royal waqf,\" he added.In a recent interview, Sharmila Tagore had reportedly said, \"Saif's son Ibrahim is a Muslim as Amrita (Singh) embraced Islam at the time of marriage. Even Ibrahim could become the custodian.\" However, Azam disproved of that possibility.Nawab Mansoor Ali Khan's mother Sajida Sultan was the Begum of Bhopal, the second daughter of Nawab Hamidullah Khan, the last ruler of Bhopal. Sajida married Iftekhar Ali Khan, the Nawab of Pataudi in 1939.As a result, a significant portion of erstwhile royal family property belongs to the Pataudis - which includes the share of Pataudi's two sisters - Saleha Sultan and Sabiha Sultan. The Pataudi family is locked in a feud over properties spread across 2,000 acre around Bhopal.Saleha's son Faiz Bin Jung in an interview had raised concerns about the future of Auqaf-e-Shahi. \"He (Faiz Bin Jung) has nothing to do with the royal family. He is not a Bhopali. He belongs to Hyderabad, where he lives,\" said Azam. Many close to the Pataudi family were dismayed over Jung's utterances.Interestingly, the anointed Nawab of Patuadi, Saif Ali Khan has maintained silence over the issues related to the erstwhile royal family of Bhopal or those of the Auqaf-e-Shahi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15051041", "title": "Now, an app to detect skin cancer", "text": "Washington: Scientists have developed a new, free iPhone application which could help you conduct a self exam to detect potential skin cancer, but there is a catch: You will have to fully expose yourself for results.Developed by a team at the University of Michigan in the US, the new app, called UM SkinCheck, aims to make the already existing whole body photographic self-diagnosis a bit simpler and cheaper. Instead of hiring a photographer for full body shots, the app allows one to take multiple shots of different body parts. In other words, one has to take 23 nude photos in seven different poses that will be stored on an app. As you cannot take all the photos yourself , you will have to enlist a friend to help, LiveScience reported. In addition to the full-body survey , the app includes many other useful tools. \"You can do a self-exam , where it guides you through checking parts of your body that are most likely to have exposure to sun, a lesion tracker, so you can note if sunspots on your body have changed or become abnormal, and a risk calculator, which asks questions like your race and amount of freckles to determine your chance of developing melanoma,\" the portal said. There's also important information on sun damage and tips on how to stay safe. A Characteristics of Melanoma tab shows images of what potential skin cancer could look like, a Sun Safety tab has tips on how to preserve your skin while outside and a Sunscreen Tips tab has lots of info on what kind of sunscreen to use and when to use it. And there's also a helpful feature for links on learning more about skin cancer and preventing it. Background info within the app says that \"studies have shown that total body photography can be an important tool in helping track skin changes that could indicate skin cancer\" . Thankfully the app has a password protection setting, which, when enabled, keeps your information and images private. You can also set up notification times for when you should do a self-exam or check lesions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "15049558", "title": "Magadh University lab staff plea against 'demotion'", "text": "GAYA: With the state government reverting the laboratory personnel working in the PG departments, 44 constituent and four deficit grant minority colleges of Magadh University (MU) to the category of non- teaching staff and substantially slashing their emoluments, the victims of the decision have petitioned chief minister Nitish Kumar to quash the 'demotion' order and restore their teaching employee status alongwith the consequential monetary benefits. Nearly 300 MU laboratory personnel have been adversely affected by the government order.The state government decision to withdraw its 2006 decision to award teaching employee status to the laboratory technicians and laboratory in-charge, redesignate them as teaching staff enabling them the vocational benefits and a higher payscale, has caused immense mental agony and financial loss to the affected employees. Reversion to the non-teaching category also means a loss of three years of service period as teaching employees in the universities of the state retire at the age of 65 while the retirement age of non-teaching employees remains pegged at 62 years.Moreover, reversion to the non-teaching category and a significantly lower payscale also means a monthly loss of about Rs 15,000 per month in total payable emoluments. Had the government continued with its 2006 decision, the laboratory personnel having requisite qualification would have got promotional opportunities to become assistant professor and associate professor. But by withdrawing its earlier order, the government has effectively blocked the promotion prospects of these employees. The Post-Graduate Teachers Association has supported the demands of the laboratory staff and as a token of solidarity , the petition for the withdrawal of the demotion order has been endorsed by the university teachers body.Virtually accusing the government of being vindictive and arbitrary, the affected employees maintain that statutory bodies like the MU Syndicate has already redesignated the laboratory personnel as demonstrators and as such, the government has exceeded its jurisdiction by undoing the Syndicate decision which was at variance with the provisions of the Universities Act, which has clearly defined the powers of Syndicate.Earlier, while withdrawing its 2006 order, the state government quoted an SC decision which said that no general direction can be given to the state government in respect of the laboratory personnel as the state government was competent to examine the representation on case to case basis while considering 'qualification and other relevant facts'. The petition expects the CM to make effective intervention to stop what it called the victimization of the laboratory personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15049615", "title": "Exhibition of Patna University archives", "text": "PATNA: A two-day exhibition of archives related to Patna University (PU), organized by the Bihar State Archives Directorate, got underway here on Wednesday at Darbhanga House. The exhibition is being held on the occasion of diamond jubilee celebration of the postgraduate history department of PU.The exhibited records include sanction orders of the Government of India for Patna College, forwarding plans and a rough estimate for the construction of a chemical laboratory and science lecture room for Patna College and establishment of a medical school, which later on developed into a medical college, at Patna in 1874.Head of history department, Bharti S Kumar, on the occasion said this was the first time when such an exhibition had been arranged at PU. She said such exhibitions prove a strong medium for educating students of history.The exhibition was inaugurated by former HoD, department of history, PU, Yuvraj Dev Prasad. Director, Bihar State Archives, Vijay Kumar invited students to the archive, stressing on its importance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15052800", "title": "No memorial for Gujarat's poet in Botad town", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mahatma Gandhi had called jhaverchand meghani as the national poet, but this poet is yet to get his due. Despite tall talks over a memorial for Gujarat' s revolutionary poet, the state government is yet to construct a memorial in Botad town where the poet had spent most of his lifetime .Though Meghani was born n chotila, he spent most of his life in Botad town. He would during his professional life travel from Ranpur to Botad everyday in a train. He was an editor in a popular local daily called 'fulchhap' which was published from Botad.His contributed significantly towards Gujarati folk literature. He went from village to village in search of folk-lores and published them in various volumes of ' Ni Rasdhar'In 1930, he was sent to prison for two years for his book 'Sindhudo' that had songs to inspire the youth, encouraging them to participate in India's freedom struggle. It is during this time that he wrote 'Kavya Triputi' based on Gandhiji's visit to London for the second round table conference. During this period he also started writing short stories.His first book was a translation work of Rabindranath Tagore's ballad Kathaa-u-Kaahinee titled Kurbani Ni Katha (Stories of martyrdom) which was first published in 1922.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15050677", "title": "Translated cartoons, entertain, educate", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Tintin's famous catchphrase \" Great Snakes\" becomes \"Baal Ki Khaal\" and his best friend Captain Archibald Haddock's trademark line, \"Billions of bilious blue blistering barnacles,\" becomes, \"Karod Kasmasate Kaale Kacchuve,\" as their adventures are now available in translated versions in comics as well as on cartoon channels.City parents are happy with these translations because they feel these TV series apart from tickling the funny bone, are also helping their kids pick up expressions in pure Hindi.These translated versions are helping kids in having a better understanding of their favourite cartoons.Not only have English cartoons been translated to regional languages but Japanese cartoons like \"Doremon\" and \"Hagemaro\" have also been translated into Hindi cartoons.Comics in Hindi too are very interesting to read.The cartoon channels have also started showing translated cartoon movies with \"The story of Princess Rapunzel,\" \"The Lion King,\" and \"Cars and Ice Age\" being among some of the frequently telecast movies.The tagline of many cartoons are a big inspiration for young kids, as they pick up what they see and hear. The tagline of Doremon is - \"Mein kisi ka sapna hu Jo aaj ban chuka hu sach... ab ye mera sapna hai ki sabke sapne sach mein karu\" which is quite a motivator and as this cartoon is in Hindi, children are able to easily understand it and take more interest in the cartoon series.\"This cartoon in Hindi is proving to be a good teacher for children,\" says Manisha Sharma, a school teacher.\"My four-year-old son uses words like 'Aavishkar' and 'Muqaddar'. When I inquired he told me that he has picked up all this from Doremon in Hindi,\" said Rajat, a bank manager.\"I couldn't imagine anyone who wouldn't love Tintin's adventures in Hindi. There's something in them for everyone. I thought it is an amazing way to bring these stories to the Hindi readership,\" said Ajay Mago, a Tintin fan.\"The Hindi translation of \"Johny Bravo,\" is pretty entertaining,\" smiled Manmeet Sakshi Bedi, a student at Panjab University.\"My favourite dialogue from \"Talespin\" used to be \"aae bidhu\"- the translated version of \"hey buddy\" by Baloo, the main character in the cartoon,\" said Ishaan Banta, a Sector 11 resident.According to a survey conducted by cartoon channels it has been found that Hindi translated cartoons are more watched than English ones. It has increased the daily viewership of many cartoon channels, which means it has been profitable for these channels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15050573", "title": "Former in charge of crime branch quizzed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Delhi CBI on Thursday recorded the statement of Sector 39 station house officer and former crime branch in-charge inspector Charanjit Singh in connection with cash-for-job scam that had rocked the UT education department in 2009.The inspector was questioned for more than two hours. Earlier, Delhi CBI had quizzed former DPI (schools) Samwartak Singh and accused Jolly and Hardev Singh.The cop was crime branch in-charge when UT police had registered a case of cheating and forgery against Jolly and Hardev and questioned Samwartak in September, 2009.Sources in CBI said former ASP (central) Madhur Verma, who was also looking after the functioning of crime branch then, would be contacted too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-07-20"}
