{"city": "None", "code": "11448472", "title": "Romance in the deep", "text": "Master Kishen, who holds the Guinness world record as the youngest director at nine years at the helm of a movie, is now vying for another record - and this time as an actor.Now, aged 16, Kishen is working on his father Srikanth's film, Teenage, for which he has shot an entire song underwater.Recently, the cast and crew of the film shot for the song, Ondonde kanasu, jameyago wayassu at a city school's swimming pool. Murali did the choreography and lead actors Kishen and Tanvi (of Ringa Ringa fame from Slumdog Millionaire ) spent 30 seconds underwater for each shot.The crew, meanwhile, took extra care to ensure that the shooting went on without any hitch. The 16 members involved in the shoot were insured to the tune of `1 crore, a doctor was on standby, as was a professional swimmer and Ekalavya award winner Satish Kumar.The technical team, headed by Abhishek Kasargod shot the song inside a seven feet deep pool using a 5D camera. \"Everyone involved with the shot had to wear underwater breathing equipment and have weights attached to their feet to be able to stand at the bottom of the pool. We had to take extra care to not allow even an air bubble to escape from anyone's nose or mouth and disrupt the shot,\" said a source from the crew. Meanwhile, director Srikanth has approached the Limca Record Books to get this song recognized as the first ever to be shot completely underwater. Contributed by Mahesh H", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11456088", "title": "High Court relief to education secretary in appointment case", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The High Court on Wednesday exempted the personal presence of secretary, basic education, Anil Sant, and extended its earlier interim order till February 1, whereby the selection process of about 73,000 assistant teachers in primary schools of the state was stayed. The order was passed by Justuce Sudhir Agarwal on a petition filed by Yadav Kapil Deo and several other candidates who had challenged the advertisement issued by Basic Siksha Board for appointment of assistant teachers in primary schools in UPMayor's plea: The Allahabad High Court on Wednesday issued directions to the state government to permit the mayors of Varanasi, Kaushlendra Singh and also the mayor of Kanpur, Ravindra Kumar Patni, to continue in posts till their successors are elected.The order was passed by a division bench of Justice Ashok Bhushan and Justice Sunita Agarwal on the writ petitions filed by the mayors.Passing the order, the court directed the state government to file the reply in these petitons.Rajya Sabha MP and All India Congress committee, secretary and incharge UP affairs, Parvez Hashmi has refuted the allegations levelled against him by veteran freedom fighter, Mewa Lal Gupta and some other Congress leaders, describing them as 'baseless' and without any fact.In a statement issued on Wednesday through Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee spokesperson, Jawed Urfi, the Congress leader said that matters related to distribution of tickets for assembly elections are being decided at the top level by a high powered committee. It is not the sole prerogative of an individual to decide and reject the candidature of a particular leader.Moreover, Amethi MP and Congress leader, Rahul Gandhi is personally monitoring the process of distribution of party ticket and only honest and committed party workers would be given weightage.Stating that the decision related to distribution of party ticket in Allahabad, Kaushambi and other adjoining districts were taken on the report and recommendations of incharge of the particular region, he said that the veteran freedom fighter and Congress leaders should not take issues on personal level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11459144", "title": "The TV actor who got to kiss Sushmita Sen", "text": "Amit Dolawat from Sasuraal Genda Phool got the chance to kiss Sushmita Sen in public.Television actor Amit Dolawat (of Sasuraal Genda Phool ) performed samba dance on 'Dushman Mera' from Don2 and 'Senorita' from Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara with Jaswir Kaur (of CID fame) as felicitation of the oldest Samba dance teacher Tao Porchon Lynch who is still going young at 94 .\"The best thing was that once we finished our performance, we were asked to perform again. And we did it too, without taking any break at all. It was so tiring but we got the extra energy from all the applause that we were receiving\", says Amil Dolawat. \"But the icing on the cake was that I got to kiss the hand of Sushmita Sen. When we were doing the same number again on stage, I did not jump down to kiss her hand but she came up on the stage to remind me\".Amit Dolawat who plays a psychotic husband Abhishek in Sasural Genda Phool says, \"I enjoy dancing the Latin forms and I am completely hooked to it. Jaswir and I do occasional Latin jigs sometimes at friend's parties but this is the first time we both gave a stage performance together. We were both excited and had so much of fun. We were dancing to celebrate the always dancing attitude of the legendary Tao.\"The uniqueness of the event was all the Latin ballroom dance forms like the rumba, samba, cha cha cha, jive and the tango were performed on Hindi and Bollywood songs by different celebrity performers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11456132", "title": "Noon Sun only respite from cold weather", "text": "VARANASI: The cold wave across the region made people shiver on Wednesday. The Met office recorded minimum temperature at 7 degrees Celsius (a drop of 4.6 degrees Celsius in the last 24 hours), while the maximum temperature was recorded as 18 degrees Celsius.However, sunshine in the afternoon gave some respite from cold. As per S N Pandey, weather scientist, BHU, another round of snowfall in the Himalayan region has brought northern parts of the country under the grip of a severe cold wave.The fall in mercury is indicating return of cold wave in east UP region and with reduction in humidity level, there is chance of a further dip in the mercury in the coming days.However, clear skies during the day may ensure some respite, Pandey added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "birbhum/kolkata", "code": "11455249", "title": "Under siege in college for 2 hours, principal faints", "text": "BIRBHUM/KOLKATA: College principals continue to be the target of political hooliganism in Mamata Banerjee's Bengal as the fierce form of 'dalatantra', which the chief minister wants to banish from the state's academic campuses, triggers one ugly incident after another.The latest, in Rampurhat College on Wednesday, saw a principal being mobbed by aggressive students and outsiders for over two hours before he succumbed to the intense pressure and fainted. Some of those who led the shouting brigade identified themselves as Trinamool Congress Chhatra Parishad and Chhatra Parishad activists.The incident came within a week of the attack on the principal of Raiganj College and vandalism on campus by student activists of Trinamool Congress, an incident the chief minister dismissed as a mere trifle.The principal of Rampurhat College, Shibashis Banerjee, was accosted because the students didn't like him speaking to the media about the violence on the campus the day before. The clashes took place over a decision by the SFI-backed union to restrict entry to only those with an identity card.Banerjee told reporters on Wednesday morning he had been threatened by some outsiders, who had tried to force their way into the campus on Tuesday. As his views were aired in the media, those opposed to the SFI decision stormed his chamber, seeking an explanation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bhiwandi", "code": "11454811", "title": "Property row: FIRs ordered against cops", "text": "BHIWANDI: A magistrate on Saturday ordered the Shanti Nagar police station to lodge FIRs against 24 people including seven police officers and 13 constables who sealed property of the complainant illegally and showed it belonged to them.Cops have registered cases against five people including an assistant police inspector who was directly involved in the case. R R Tripathi, the complainant's lawyer said, \"The main accused Mohammed Ansari and his wife Kareema and API B K Gahandule sealed complainant Abdul Jalil Ansari's property.\"Tripathi said when cops sealed their house on November 15, a resident video recorded it and submitted it as proof in the court. The other two accused are Ajgar Ali and Sarfaraj Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11456776", "title": "Anna spin in Congress strategy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress is likely to pledge an apolitical Lokayukta and a pride of place for civil society in decision-making in Uttar Pradesh , indicating that Anna Hazare's shadow will loom over the assembly polls even in his absence.In its aggressive charge to woo the voters of UP, Congress is likely to promise the revamp of Lokayukta institution to make it independent and effective. The promise may be on the lines of putting conditions in the existing Lokayukta legislation to ensure that only \"non-political\" persons make the grade.The issue is critical in the battle of perceptions over corruption with Team Anna accusing Congress of promoting weak ombudsman. But Congress feels emboldened by the fact that the graft boot is on the other foot with chief minister Mayawati facing the brunt of scams.Congress could also give an upfront assurance on enacting Grievance Redressal and Citizen's Charter to revolutionise services delivery system. The grievance system mandates a deadline for every service with deterrent penalty to ensure that babudom does not compel residents for favours to dispose off their requests.The three points form the core of Team Anna's anti-graft agenda which has tied the Centre in knots for over one year.While UPA moved on the issue, its failure to get it past Parliament because of BJP's opposition preempted Congress's plans to claim credit for giving relief to aam aadmi. AICC sources said these assurances would position the party better in its claim to change the way of governance if voted to power.According to AICC sources, Congress would promise institutionalised interaction between government and civil society to ensure that decision-making was participatory.While the nature of such interface is not clear, it could be a watchdog on the lines of Sonia Gandhi-headed National Advisory Council. NAC, with experts and activists on board, is involved in law-making and deciding the social agenda of government.This betrays a post-Anna mindset in political discourse, with the Lokpal campaign having hammered home the urgency to address issues of credible anti-graft mechanism and revving up of delivery system.Sources said Congress wants to be aggressive on the \"anti-graft\" plank because, contrary to the Centre, the local governments are on the defensive in poll-bound states. The hue and cry over corruption in UP has the BSP regime on target and Congress feels it can easily assume the activist's role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11455303", "title": "TDP to launch membership drive", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telugu Desam party has set itself an ambitious goal to enroll 5 lakh new active members and 3.75 lakh fresh general members during the month-long special membership drive beginning Jan 19 with special emphasis on women and youth.Party state election committee chairman KE Krishnamurthy on Wednesday said TDP decided to provide 30 per cent representation to women and youth in the forthcoming membership drive.\"We plan to increase the total membership to 57.73 lakh across the state by increasing the general membership to 34.73 lakh from 31 lakh in 2010 and active membership to 23 lakh from the existing 18 lakh.Party ID cards would be issued to all fresh active members within 24 hours of their enrollment,\" he said.The party appointed legislators L Ramana and Manchireddy Kishan Reddy and senior party leader Palwai Rajani Kumari to supervise the membership drive in the Telangana region.The names of senior party leaders who would supervise and review the membership drive in the districts are as follows: K E Krishna Murthy (Kurnool, Kadapa, Anantapur and Chittoor), Lal Jan Pasha (Prakasam, Guntur and Nellore), L Ramana (Warangal, Karimangar, Nizamabad), Gadde Rammohan (Krishna, East Godavari and Visakhapatnam), Manchireddy Kishan Reddy (Hyderabad, Mahbubnagar, Medak), Minte Pardhasaradhi (West Godavari, Srikakulam, Vizianagaram), Palwai Rajani Kumari (Rangareddy, Khammam, Nalgonda).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11455035", "title": "Skycity project will increase traffic congestion, say architects", "text": "KOCHI: The much-touted Skycity project, proposed by Yasoraminfra Developers, is now facing the wrath of environmentalists and architects in the city. A group of architects led by professor M K Prasad, a scientist and ecologist, said the project would be detrimental to the city's development as it would increase the traffic congestion on various roads.\"Commercial buildings, shopping malls and parking space for 3,500 cars will create huge traffic congestion on the roads leading to the Skycity,\" said professor Prasad. \"The Skycity project that cuts over the Chilavannur Lake will pollute the water source with sewage and other solid waste. This will destroy all forms of marine life in the lake,\" he said.The community of architects which opposes the Skycity said that the implementation of the project would lead to the takeover of all water bodies in and around the state for similar projects. They also alleged that the project was cleared by the authorities without conducting any study about environmental impacts.Meanwhile, A R Vadhyar, managing director of Yasoraminfra, said that the allegations raised by the architect community were baseless and a waste treatment plant with international standards would be built to treat all types of waste.\"A petition is currently under the consideration of the Kerala high court. In this context, we are not in a position to comment more on this issue,\" he said.The proposed Skycity project is a flyover project designed with an aim to reduce traffic and boost tourism and economic activity in the city. As part of the project, various parts of the city will be connected by a flyover that will cross over the Chilavannoor Lake. The project that will occupy 45 acres of land will stretch from Kundanoor Junction on NH 47 to NS Bose Road, cutting across SA Road at Vyttila.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11454721", "title": "Govind's late burst lifts Apollo over HKM", "text": "NAGPUR: Govind Rao swooped in to score 15 of his 23 points in the last five minutes and lead a late rally of Apollo Basketball Club (ABC) over Hanuman Nagar Krida Mandal (HKM) 37-24 in a Bank of Maharashtra D-League Basketball game at the Shivaji Nagar courts here on Tuesday.Hanuman Nagar cagers might have counted their chances to register a their third victory on trot. After a low scoring first half that ABC led 11-8, HKM had a fine display in the third period when they matched in pace and exchanges to even lead 19-15 before the start of last quarter.Govind Rao, however, had something special in store for HKM as the speedy point guard went on a shooting spree to add 15 points in the last quarter that ABC dominated 22-5 for a superb 13-point triumph. Govind's 23-point effort included 5 three-pointers. For HKM, Sudeep Ghoshal contributed 13 points.Earlier, Shivaji Nagar Gymkhana (SNG) making most of the home conditions made light work of Navyuwak Krida Mandal (NKM) 27-13. For the winners, Donald Hansen (7), Abhishek Naik (6) and Gaurav Reddy (6) played well while Shubham Lanjewar netted 7 points for NKM.In a one-sided girls' section game, Centre Point School (CPS) outclassed Hanuman Nagar Krida Mandal (HKM) 27-3. Shubhra Waney (12) and Sakshi Bhotmange (10) scored most of the baskets for the winners.ResultsGirls: CPS (Shubhra Waney 12, Sakshi Bhotmange 10) bt HKM (Sejal Sahu 2) 27-3 (8-2, 9-0, 8-0, 2-1)Boys: SNG (Donald Hansen 7, Abhishek Naik 6, Gaurav Reddy 6) bt NKM (Shubham Lanjewar 7) 27-13 (13-0, 6-0, 4-3, 4-10); ABC (Govind Rao 23, Shubham Singh 5) bt HKM (Sudeep Ghoshal 13, Shalin Dongre 3) 37-24 (5-6, 6-2, 4-11, 22-5).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454831", "title": "Numberplates: Govt to seek 3 months from SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: After missing the December 31, 2011 deadline for the high security registration plates (HSRP), Delhi government is planning to seek more time from the Supreme Court for implementation of the project. \"The government will go in for re-tendering of the project, which will require more time,\" said a senior government official.The HSRP project was earlier to be implemented by DIMTS ( Delhi Integrated Multi-modal Transit System). However, with the court recommending a single vendor process for the HSRP, the agreement had to be dropped, said officials. \"The Supreme Court has recommended that a single vendor procure and install the registration plates. However, in the existing set-up, while DIMTS was to install the number plates, the procurement was sub-contracted to another vendor,\" added the official.The government is planning to come out with a new tender in the last week of January. Added the official, \"The court hearing is on January 20. We will float the tender immediately after the court's decision. We will ask for three month's time to implement the project.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "director", "code": "11460233", "title": "Sadda Adda: Movie Review", "text": "Director: Muazzam Beg Cast: Bhaumik Sampat, Karanvir Sharma, Parimal Aloke'The only thing that will stop you from fulfilling your dreams is you' is the point that writer-director Muazzam Beg tries to put across in his directorial debut Sadda Adda . And while he dreams of a well-intentioned coming-of-age story, what stops him from fulfilling his dream is his own self. His uneven direction and some average acts work against the merits of this intermittently engaging boy-bonding movie.Sadda Adda stands for a bachelor pad inhabited by six single males with assorted aspirations. Kabir (Kunal Pant) works as a salesman but is in hunt for a stable job to settle in life. Safal (Parimal Aloke) is studying hard for his civil services exams. Rajat (Rohin Robert) has only dreamt of a white-collared job in US since always. Jogi (Rohit Arora) is the gullible fatso. Irrfan (Bhaumik Sampat) has a love-hate relationship in office - hated by boss and loved by a colleague (Kahkkashan Aryan). Sameer (Karanvir Sharma) is a theatre artist who aspires to be a film-star someday but loses focus on falling in love with Shreya (Shaurya Chauhan).From the perpetually messy state of the bachelor pad to the disheveled avatars of the boys, Muazzam Beg gets the basic backdrop of Sadda Adda correct. Guzzling beer and ogling babes are inherent attributes of the boys; working towards their dreams is a pastime. Any average male would be able to relate to this boy brigade. The film does succeed to an extent in reminding one of bachelor days, especially for anyone who has stayed away from the comforts of home and managed life single-handedly.But then Sadda Adda is another addition to the list of films having their heart at the right place yet failing to touch your heart consistently. To start with, one does take time to familiarize with the all-new cast and their characterizations. Also the performances are as juvenile as their adolescence, though it matures as the story proceeds. The storytelling is too scattered and touches their individual issues rather randomly over an organized approach. There isn't any background account to any of the six leads beyond a one-line mention, which makes the characters and their conflicts seem shallow. Further there are constant continuity lapses in the narrative and each character track seems hurried and half-baked.Thankfully the characters and their conflicts are real and relatable and thereby the humour emerging from their escapades are also slice-of-life. Like the scene where a roommate's parents unexpectedly land up at the bachelor pad or the one where the roomies patiently wait outside the apartment while their friend is cozying up with his girlfriend inside are hilarious. The film's sense of humour is factual though not as fine-tuned as one would have wanted it to be. Despite the immense potential, the film never reaches the accuracy and aptitude of a boy-bonding movie, like say a Pyaar Ka Punchnama .Like its inconsistent direction, even the performances are unsteady. Neither do you love their acts wholly, nor do you despise their untapped potential in totality. From the cast, Bhaumik Sampat impresses the most with his charming and natural act. The actor bears a striking resemblance with Randeep Hooda. Karanvir Sharma has good screen presence but goes over the top with that artificial intensity. Parimal Aloke as the nerdy Bihari boy gets well into the skin of his studious character though is short-lived. Rohit Arora is affable. Kunal Pant and Rohin Robert are average. From the female cast, Shaurya Chauhan merely adds to the oomph factor while Kahkkashan Aryan attempts hard to be bold and beautiful.Sadda Adda is certainly not a bad film though it had the potential to be a better entertainer.Verdict: Above Average", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11455353", "title": "Plan to supply piped natural gas to Udyog Vihar in limbo", "text": "GURGAON: The year-old plans to supply piped natural gas (PNG) to Udyog Vihar's industries are now in a limbo, thanks to the bureaucratic hurdles faced by the supplier in acquiring a permit. It has now been over one year since Haryana City Gas Distribution Limited, the prime supplier of PNG in the city, first sought permission from the industrial authority, HSIIDC, to set up PNG lines in all the phases of Udyog Vihar. But the official sanction is yet to arrive.Hamvir Singh, HSIIDC, Gurgaon DGM, said that the matter of giving out the permit was beyond his jurisdiction. \"Only the head offices in Panchkula and Chandigarh can give out the permits. The application is with them. I can't say how long the whole process will take,\" he said.According to Haryana City Gas representatives, PNG plans for the area have been put on hold indefinitely. \"We have not been able to lay pipelines in Udyog Vihar lanes completely due to the delay in getting HSIIDC's permission,\" said Sandeep Sharma, vice-president, Haryana City Gas. The supply firm has laid down about 70km of pipeline throughout the city, stopping just at the borderlines of Udyog Vihar. \"This is where HSIIDC's area begins, and the network of pipelines stops, because to extend further we need HSIIDC's permission,\" added Sharma.The original plans of Haryana City Gas were to get the main line till Udyog Vihar Phase 4 and Phase 1 - projects which are already completed - and further lay down the branch lines inside the industrial areas. \"We haven't got any response from the HSIIDC as yet. We have no clue as to when the permit will be granted,\" he said.Conventional modes of power have either proved too inefficient or too expensive for Udyog Vihar's industrialists. Rising tariff rates in Gurgaon have only been paralleled by a rising power deficit, and diesel based backup systems have driven the costs further up. This is why industry representatives have shown interest in PNG which remains the only viable alternative for the area's power requirements, being efficient and cost-effective in equal measure.\"There are certain advantages of shifting to PNG. With natural gas, inventory management costs are nil, handling hassles don't exist, and it is pollution-free,\" said a Haryana City Gas representatives.Certain industries on the peripheries of Phase 1, Udyog Vihar, where the pipelines have just about reached, have already subscribed to PNG supply, and are utilizing the fuel for production as well as backup needs. But small scale units within the main industrial areas have to wait longer, at least as long as it takes HSIIDC to clear the proposal.\"Industries need electricity at least for 16 hrs a day. But we get supply hardly for 5-6 hrs a day,\" said B B Sharma, an industrialist. He said that diesel generators cost at least Rs 10 a unit today, and peak hour electricity rates have gone up to Rs 8 a unit. \"PNG gas would surely be cheaper\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11457115", "title": "Mayawati shuts all her parks", "text": "LUCKNOW: With cardboard shielding Mayawati statues from public gaze and yellow tarpaulin draping the elephants, the government took the unusual step of closing down the city's parks altogether.The EC on Saturday ordered covering of Maya's statues and that of her party symbol, the elephant, at the city's parks till the polls were over to ensure BSP does not have an edge over other parties in publicity. Wednesday was the deadline to complete the cover-up operation.But the government decided to not just stop with the cover-up exercise. \"The ECI had ordered draping of statues, we decided to close down the parks completely,\" Lucknow DM Anil Kumar Sagar told TOI. Chief Electoral Officer Umesh Sinha said: \"We will talk to the EC of India about this tomorrow (Thursday) and see what it has to say.\" On Wednesday, when TOI visited the parks, reporters weren't allowed in, with the guards saying the parks were closed to public. There are nine such parks in the city dedicated to dalit icons and built at an estimated Rs 3,500 crore. On Wednesday, the government made no formal announcement about the closure of parks.Initially, it appeared the parks were closed because of the presence of labourers draping the statues. But that was not the case, though no one was venturing an explanation. The security supervisors at Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar Samajik Parivartan sthal, Gomtinagar, merely informed that all the parks have been closed till polls are over.The staff said, they had been told that it's an EC direction. But, EC officials denied there were any such directions. Public entry has been barred to parks that allow ticket-based entry. Premises like Smriti Upvan were open to the public, though journalists were not allowed inside.The government, after covering all the statues, submitted its status report to the Election Commission of India. However, while the statues of Mayawati have been covered at all places with ply-boards, elephants at some of the places were not covered till late Wednesday evening. EC had given a deadline of 5 pm on Wednesday to cover all the statues.PIL dismissedAllahabad High Court on Wednesday dismissed a PIL against the January 7 EC order asking UP government to cover all Mayawati statues and those of elephants installed in Lucknow, Noida and other places by January 11. The judges said the petitioner hadn't disclosed his credentials and the PIL stood dismissed as withdrawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11456485", "title": "Astronomers catch black holes firing gas bullets", "text": "WASHINGTON: Astronomers claim to have identified the moment when a black hole in our galaxy launched super-fast knots of gas into space.Racing outward at about onequarter the speed of light, these 'bullets' of ionized gas are thought to arise from a region located just outside the black hole's event horizon, the point beyond which nothing can escape.\"Like a referee at a sports game, we essentially rewound the footage on the bullets' progress, pinpointing when they were launched,\" said Gregory Sivakoff of University of Alberta in Canada, who led a team which used observations from Nasa's Rossi Xray Timing Explorer satellite. The research centred on the mid-2009 outburst of a binary system known as H1743-322, located about 28,000 light-years away toward the constellation Scorpius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11455223", "title": "Unnerved Sena-BJP-RPI works to get act together", "text": "MUMBAI: The Congress-NCP's decision to contest the BMC elections as poll partners has set the alarm bells ringing in the Shiv Sena-BJP-RPI combine.The Congress-NCP inked a poll pact on Tuesday. The Congress will contest 169 seats in the 227-strong BMC while the NCP will contest 58.The Congress-NCP poll tie-up is a threat to the Sena-BJP combine's two decade-plus rule in the country's richest civic body, say political observers. \"The Congress-NCP may not be a threat to us. But, we will have to be very careful,\" said Sena leader Subhash Desai.Vinod Tawde of the BJP and leader of the Opposition in the state legislative council, added, \"The Congress-NCP is not an alliance. It's a case of seat-sharing. The two parties will keep fighting with each other as they have no ideological commitment. Their single-point agenda is to wrest the BMC from the Sena-BJP-RPI combine.''Rhetoric apart, the Sena-BJP strategists have begun to assess the ground realities. For instance, the Congress-NCP did well in over 114 wards in the 2007 civic elections even when they fought separately.Second, the Congress-NCP decimated the Sena-BJP from Mumbai in the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, with the Congress annexing five out of the six Lok Sabha seats, while the NCP won one seat. Tawde attributes the 2009 Congress-NCP grand slam to the MNS. However, experts say the Congress gained remarkably good support from slum-dwellers, the minority votes and the north Indians.The Congress thus seems set to make inroads into slums. The state government's recent sop to Dharavi residents and also its decision to regularize the sale and transfer of pre-1995 slums will consolidate the Congress position among Mumbai's slum-dwellers, said city Congress functionary Ajit Sawant.Said Anil Parab, Sena vibhag-pramukh, \"A civic election is contested and won on local issues and the candidate's bonding with voters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11454479", "title": "UGC chairman to attend Bharati Vidyapeeth's 13th convocation", "text": "PUNE: Chairman of University Grants Commission Ved Prakash will be the chief guest at the convocation of Bharati Vidyapeeth deemed university on January 14.As many as 6,718 students have applied for degree certificates, 29 students will be given gold medals and 40 students will be awarded PhD degrees at the 13{+t}{+h} convocation ceremony, said Shivajirao Kadam, vice-chancellor of Bharati Vidyapeeth. Bharati Vidyapeeth's founder and chancellor Patangrao Kadam will preside over the function that will be held at the Bharati Vidyapeeth's campus on Pune-Satara road.Kadam said over 165 educational centres/institutes have been functioning under Bharati Vidyapeeth. Some of the future plans of the deemed university include introduction of inter-disciplinary programmes and innovative programmes such as decision management, information security, netcentric computing, entrepreneurship development etc. There is a plan to develop ICT infrastructure that facilitates e-learning, virtual laboratories and video-conferencing.Kadam also said the university plans to bring all under graduate and post graduate programmes under choice-based credit system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11453435", "title": "BRT corridor to zip into airport", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the Metro and innumerable flyovers, it's the turn of the bus rapid transit (BRT) corridor to make an appearance at the airport. A 25km long stretch, the new BRT will boast of segregated lanes that alternatively give way to mixed vehicle usage as well as integrated pedestrian facilities, say officials.Starting from the Indira Gandhi International Airport, it will stretch till Badarpur, traversing congested areas like Vasant Kunj, Saket and Hamdard Nagar. This corridor will also have an interchange point at Ambedkar Nagar junction, with the existing BRT.The Badarpur-Airport BRT is one of the five BRTs being commissioned by DIMTS (Delhi Integrated Multi-modal Transit System). The preliminary project report (PPR) for these stretches has been submitted by DIMTS to the government, said officials.\"The Delhi government is examining the existing BRT at Ambedkar Nagar, so that the same mistakes are not repeated in the new corridors. The need for a more dynamic corridor tops the list of lessons learnt,\" said a senior government official.According to officials at DIMTS, all five corridors have an open or hybrid system, where usage of both dedicated bus lanes and non-segregated vehicle lanes is liberal.This is unlike the Ambedkar Nagar BRT, where bus lanes are separate from other vehicles lanes. The Ambedkar Nagar BRT corridor is also being reviewed by DIMTS, added sources.Other stretches where the corridors are being commissioned include Gandhi Nagar to Chilla (10km), ISBT Kashmere Gate to Dilshad Garden (8km), Gokulpuri to Karkari More (8km) and Mukundpur to Kodli (26km).\"The Badarpur-Airport BRT will have buses, Gramin Sewa autorickshaws and shared autos as the pre-dominant public modes of transport, besides the Metro. Since there are several heritage structures like Tughlaqabad Fort and Qutub Minar on the way, the BRT needs to be designed carefully,\" said a DIMTS official.Except for small stretches at Surajkund, Lal Kuan, Tughlaqabad Fort, Air Force stations, Khanpur, Masoodpur and Mahipalpur, the corridor will have segregated bus lanes.\"Because of the space constraint on roads, only 34 per cent of the corridor can allow mixed vehicle usage. The design also allows for on-street parking in dedicated parking bays.\"That's not all. Controlled pedestrian crossings and bus stops - to reduce pedestrian-vehicle interaction - will be provided for road safety, says DIMTS.The bus stations will be located at an average distance of 600m along the corridor. With several villages and other major residential areas like Surajkund, Lal Kuan, Jamia Hamdard university/hospital area, Khanpur and commercial hubs like Saket, Masoodpur and Mahipalpur falling along the way, the corridor will be more \"dynamic\", say officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460407", "title": "23% drop in Pimpalgaon", "text": "NASHIK: At Pimpalgaon APMC, average wholesale prices crashed 23.67% to Rs 390 a quintal on Thursday, from Rs 511 a quintal a fortnight ago (Dec 21). About 15,000 quintals of onion were auctioned on Thursday in there. In Yeola, the average price of onions declined by 29.16% to Rs 340 a quintal from Rs 480 a quintal on December 21.Around 7,000 quintals of onions were auctioned on Thursday in Yeola APMC.At Nashik APMC itself, average wholesale prices dropped 20% to Rs 400 on Thursday, against Rs 500 a quintal on December 21. Around 2,000 quintals of onion were auctioned in Nashik APMC on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11462524", "title": "Gorakhpur atomic power plant under judicial lens", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The much talked about 2800 MW atomic power project proposed in Fatehabad district of Haryana has come under the judicial scanner when the Punjab and Haryana high court put the department of atomic energy, nuclear power corporation and union ministry of environment and forest on notice seeking their reply on the contentions raised on the project.The HC has also issued a notice to the Atomic energy regulatory board of India as well as the Haryana government and asked them to respond by February 2.The issue surfaced before a division bench comprising Justice Hemant Gupta and Justice A N Jindal through a petition filed by Prithvi Singh and 59 other residents of village Gorakhpur in Fatehabad district of Haryana.The petitioners have sought directions to quash various notifications, whereby the process of acquiring around 1500 acre land of Gorakhpur and adjoining villages of Fatehabad district was started for setting up of 2800 MW Atomic power plant. The villagers have also sought directions to shift the site of the project towards barren or less fertile land, which is in abundance in the adjoining villages of other districts. The villagers have raised concerns about the dangers that the atomic plant may cause to health and safety of people.Contending that the plant in the proposed fertile land, which is the only source of their livelihood, the villagers submitted that the land gave 2-3 crops per year and there was no reason why such fertile land had been selected for the purpose of setting up of the atomic power plant.Citing various apex court judgments against the acquisition of fertile land, the villagers pleaded that the government could acquire any piece of land but nobody should be deprived of statutory right to hold the property on the ground of the sovereign power or the union government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "11461517", "title": "Tom Cruise, Bill Gates join China's Weibo", "text": "BEIJING: Notching up the likes of Bill Gates, Tom Cruise , IMF Chief Christine Lagarde and Indian Embassy, China's own Twitter 'Sina Weibo' is gaining popularity world over, having attracted 250 million subscribers.Sina Weibo has said that it now has about 450,000 users in the United States out of its total of 250 million as of late November. There is no official record of the nationality of the US users. They could be US citizens, Chinese students or people from other countries, state run China Daily reported.Its users included philanthropist Bill Gates of Microsoft, International Monetary Fund Chief Christine Lagarde and actor Tom Cruise, who started using it to step up interaction with Chinese public, the report said.Lagarde made her Weibo debut in early November, posting her first message which reads: \"Hello Sina Weibo, looking forward to sharing updates here.\"By the end of the day, Lagarde's account had drawn about 40,000 followers and had more than 1,000 comments.She currently commands 150,000 followers. Gates is a popular Sina Weibo user, currently with 2.19 million followers.Recognising Weibo's importance, almost all foreign missions here including the Indian Embassy have started their Weibo tweets to highlight their activities and policies of their countries.The site also helped politicians like San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee, a Chinese-American, to reach Chinese audiences during the recent mayoral elections.During the election day in November, Lee posted messages calling for support. Later that day the first elected Chinese-American mayor posted to his followers on the site: \"Thank you San Francisco!\"Kenneth Wisnefski, founder and CEO of WebiMax, a US-based search engine optimisation firm, said Sina Weibo is following the same development pattern as Twitter, which took about two years to be fully accepted before it became the dominant social media platform it is today.Weibo's overseas users mostly utilise the service to reach Chinese audiences.And for celebrities, their reason is quite simple: to promote themselves or their programme in China. China's total Internet users hit 450 million early this year - larger than the whole US population - and that number is expected to grow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11456240", "title": "Alcohol seized in Davorlim, premises raided at Talaulim", "text": "MARGAO: During routine patrolling, Margao excise officials confiscated 80 boxes of brandy at Ramnagri in Rumdamol-Davorlim near Sao Jose de Areal on Wednesday.\"We were carrying out a routine inspection at Sao Jose de Areal when we saw three boys standing with a lot of boxes. When we started questioning the boys about what the boxes contained, they fled the scene leaving the boxes,\" said Margao excise inspector Nilesh Naik.Naik added that they suspected that the boys were waiting for either a car or another vehicle and that the boxes were probably meant to be illegally transported across the border. \"From the way the boxes were covered, it appeared that the boxes were meant to be transported in trucks,\" added Naik, cautioning that they were still investigating the matter. Each box, kept in polythene bags, had 12 bottles-960 bottles in total, he added.\"We will be investigating the matter under the guidelines and instructions of excise commissioner P S Reddy,\" said Naik. \"We also want to know whether it is genuine liquor and how it reached there,\" he added.When asked if the incident could be interpreted as a violation of the election code of conduct, Naik stated that investigations would have to first prove what was the purpose of the boxes and whether the alcohol was meant for human consumption (in the state) or any other general purpose.Sources added that there have been similar instances in the past following which police investigations had revealed that liquour was being brought from a factory located at Sao Jose de Areal and was kept at a godown at Arambol in Pernem from where it was loaded onto another vehicle and smuggled to Maharashtra on a regular basis.In a related development, excise officials from Ponda raided a premises selling liquor in Talaulim. Sources said that on receiving a tip-off, the premises was raided in the afternoon for possessing and selling liquor without a license. Liquor worth 1,500 has been seized. An FIR has been lodged in this connection.EC wants enforcement drives documentedPANAJI: Following public harassment complaints during patrolling and raids carried out, excise department officials and flying squad members have now been instructed that all enforcement drives be documented through videography. The documented data is to be submitted to the election commission on a regular basis.Sources said that instructions to this effect were issued by the election commission.With the election code of conduct in force, excise officials and flying squads are tasked with keeping a check on establishments selling liquor. Such establishments have to close by 10pm and also maintain accounts of liquor transactions.Several establishments have already been raided in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11458914", "title": "Security arrangements intensified ahead of R-Day", "text": "JORHAT: The state home department on Wednesday issued an alert for security arrangements in upper and northern Assam districts ahead of Republic Day celebrations. Additional director general of police (law and order) A P Rout is visiting the said areas for reviewing the security measures. Rout visited the northern Assam districts on Wednesday and is scheduled to visit the upper Assam districts of Dibrugarh, Tinsukia, Sivasagar, Jorhat and Golaghat from Thursday.\"Today I visited Dhemaji district to review the security arrangements in the northern Assam district. I am also scheduled to visit Dibrugarh onThursday before leaving for Guwahati,\" said Rout.He added, \"All required measures have been taken to preventuntoward incidents. There are some intelligence inputs on the activities of a group of Ulfa militants, particularly in Dibrugarh and Tinsukia, ahead of the forthcoming Republic Day. However, no specific information of militant agenda has been received so far.\"Deputy inspector general of police (Upper Assam) Anurag Tankha said, \"Although some intelligence inputs have been received from some parts of Tinsukia, Dibrugarh and Sivasagar district, things are under control.'\"She added that top police officials have been reviewing the measures regularly.Ulfa hardliners have intensified their activities in Majuli, Lakhimpur and Tinsukia for the last few months by carrying out recruitment and fund collection drives. Security forces have specific inputs about militant activities and counter-insurgency operations in the said areas. An Ulfa group comprising eight members under the leadership of Rajiv Das was staying in sapori areas in Majuli and another big group was hiding in the bordering areas of Arunachal Pradesh in Tinsukia.Besides, there are inputs on another group of Ulfa hardliners sheltering in Sonari area in Sivasagar, close to the Nagaland border. Intelligence sources said Paresh Boruah has sent some leaders from Myanmar to Jorhat, Sivasagar and Tinsukia with assignments of recruitment in October last and they have not returned to their camps so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11456267", "title": "AIMS test for management on February 12", "text": "INDORE: Hyderabad-based Association of Indian Management Schools (AIMS) on Wednesday announced that it will hold its national- level test for management admission on February 12 at 32 cities across the country.AIMS Test for Management Admissions (ATMA) is one of the five main exams like CAT and GMAT. An on line ATMA exam will be held on four dates from April to August, its chairperson Apoorva Palkar said.February 12 exam will be held at 111 centres across the country, she said, adding hundreds of MBA institutes were affiliated with AIMS.AIMS is networking organisation of Business Schools in India like ACBSP, EFMD, AACSB and was established in 1988 with a vision to function as the representative body of management education in the country, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11456272", "title": "Ex-IAS officer appointed member of consumer body", "text": "INDORE: City-based retired IAS officer K S Parmar has been nominated as a member of newly constituted Central Consumer Protection Council. Parmar is working for consumer rights through his NGO Centre for Consumer Protection Research and Awareness for several years.The council is headed by minister for consumer affairs, food and public distribution department, Government of India. Parmar is one of the five representatives from different states nominated in this 31-member body. Eleven ministers from different states of the country are also members of the council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11456173", "title": "A week on, \u2018killer\u2019 throws cops off his scent", "text": "BHOPAL: Hot on trail of a murder suspect, the police have not been able to arrest him for the past one week. The suspect in the Gandhi Nagar murder case managed to evade the police a couple of times.The police have details - residence, mobile number-enough to track down the prime suspect in a murder case. The deceased, Himmat Singh, was found with his throat slit in his house in Shivaji ward area. And on the basis of mobile details, the police zeroed in on the suspect, who was believed to be at the spot at the time of crime. Three teams of police have been formed to arrest the alleged killer.After receiving information that the suspect was sleeping in a park, the cop reached there to nab him. But by the time, he was found missing.\"We have been monitoring his mobile numbers. He has been in regular touch with his family members. We know that he has been using different numbers and meeting relatives,\" said a policeman engaged in investigations. However, whenever we went to catch him he had already left the spot.\"The way he dodged the police strengthened the suspicion of his involvement, the police said. Officials confirm that the suspect was a friend of deceased and resided in Bairagarh area. He had gone back to his home after the crime. However, but he went missing soon on learning that the cops were after him.Meanwhile, senior officials claimed that the case would be cracked soon. CSP Rashmi Mishra said, \"The prime accused in the case has already been identified. It is just a matter of time. The case would be cracked soon after his arrest,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "11454860", "title": "Gere's non-starry stay stuns Bodh Gaya", "text": "GAYA: For a change Hollywood star Richard Gere did not follow somebody else's script and stuck to his own during a somewhat long stay at Bodh Gaya for participation in the Kalchakra mega prayer rituals.The star of the 'Pretty Woman', 'Unfaithful' and 'An officer and a gentleman' fame successfully made an all-out attempt to wrap his stardom and live like any other pilgrim from the 64 countries that were represented at the religious event. But for the occasional waving and the Dalai Lama-like infectious smile, Gere remained a perfect follower of the spiritual leader.Praising Gere's unassuming presence at the Kalchakra ground, Dr Farasat Hussain, orthopedic surgeon and Interfaith Forum activist, told TOI that he found the super star to be extremely affable. Hussain was lucky enough to see Gere at the Root Institute, the place where Gere spent the better part of his leisure time during his Bodh Gaya stay. Gere also occasionally slept in the Bhutan monastery to dodge his fans who roamed around the Root Institute to have a glimpse of what Satish Kumar , a Gere fan called Hollywood's Amitabh Bachchan only to be corrected by one of his friends who dubbed Amitabh as Bollywood's Gere.Once Gere also took a rickshaw ride in Bodh Gaya. Though Bodh Gaya is not new to Gere, as he has been to the place several times since his maiden visit in 1986, this visit was special in the sense that the prayer provided Gere the opportunity to spend quality time in the company of his spiritual mentor, Dalai Lama.According to Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar , providing security to the celebrity in a huge congregation was challenging, more so as Gere was very conscious about not causing inconvenience to the fellow participants of the event and other visitors to the place. The star wanted 'invisible security cover' if it was inevitable. Star pranks were completely missing in Gere, say people who came into contact with the celebrity at Bodh Gaya.Gere was at is best while articulating the grievances and apprehensions of the Tibetans during the only interview given by him to a news channel where he recounted his first hand experience of Tibet while shooting a promotional film for an automobile company.Gere has even given a Tibetan name to his son, said the star.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454759", "title": "Arts panel has big plans for landscaping", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Urban Art Commission is planning to seek Rs 100crore from Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) for improving the city's landscape and design. The arts body plans to rejuvenate the neglected and lesser known gardens of Delhi, rehabilitate slums, and improve each of the 270 municipal wards. A number of studies will also be commissioned by DUAC to improve the aesthetics of the city.DUAC member Satish Khanna said, \"We are considering site-specific designs and will consult agencies like DDA, PWD and MCD to help with planning and design. We will also rope in RWAs and are talking to the ministry to undertake a pilot project to help make the city user friendly\". The Commission said it wants to act as a think-tank for the city and is particularly keen on developing areas alongside Metro corridors and also Metro stations.\"In other cities, commercial development is an extension of Metro stations,'' said Khanna. The Commission has also constituted a panel of experts for doing a detailed study of 50 significant gardens in Delhi and furnish data on how they can be rejuvenated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11458894", "title": "Karan Johar got his eye on Anil Kapoor", "text": "The filmmaker has approached the actor to star in his untitled venture, which will be directed by Rensil D'SilvaFollowing his stint in Hollywood , Anil Kapoor's career seems to be at an all time high. And filmmakers are not wasting any time to approach the actor. Mumbai Mirror has recently learnt that the actor has been offered his first role in a Dharma Production, which will be directed by Rensil D'SilvaA source close to the film revealed, \"After the way MI 4 was touted, Anil has been regarded as a big star in the industry. And since his career has taken off as well as it has, he brings a lot of value to a project. That's why Karan Johar and Rensil D'Silva decided to get Anil on-board.\"According to the source, Anil is yet to sign the film, however, the modalities are currently being worked out. Rensil's untitled venture reportedly stars Emraan Hashmi in one of the male lead roles. \"The rest of the cast including the film's leading lady is yet to be finalized,\" added the source.When contacted, Rensil said, \"Well, I can't talk about casting right now. I?will make an announcement shortly.\" Anil and Karan remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11455819", "title": "Four nabbed with country-made firearms", "text": "KANPUR: The police arrested four persons and recovered country-made firearms from them, in separate cases, on Wednesday.Two of the accused were identified as Shareef and Sahdeo, both residents of Hiraman Ka Purwa, Beconganj. The two were found to be in possession of country-made firearms of .32 bore and .315 bore, and several live cartridges. Also, more than 1kg of 'charas' was recovered from them.A police team, led by inspector Farmood Ali Pundheer, arrested Shareef and Sahdeo near Brijendra Swaroop Park. \"We had received a tip-off that two men would be coming to the park with firearms. Accordingly, a trap was laid to arrests the suspects,\" Pundheer said.Reportedly, the accused had procured the firearms from an illegal firearms manufacturer. The two are bootleggers and have several criminal cases registered against them with the city police. They had been untraceable for the last few months.The police are trying to establish the motive of the accused in procuring the firearms.In another incident, Juhi police arrested Aslam of Parampurwa, Juhi. A country-made firearm and two live cartridges were recovered from him. The cops also seized dizapom powder (120 gm) from his possession.Meanwhile, Raipurwa police arrested Rahul alias Hemu of Lakshmipurwa and recovered a firearm of .315 bore and two live cartridges from his possession.A case against all the four accused has been registered and the police later sent them to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11455522", "title": "State govt expo yet to start, vendors peeved", "text": "TRICHY: A much-awaited exhibition organised by the Government of India in Trichy will begin on January 12 at St John Westri Anglo-Indian Higher Secondary School grounds. On the other hand, vendors who put up stalls there lamented the delay in start of the exhibition.According to a press release dated January 8 from the district collectorate, the exhibition, scheduled to begin on January 9, was postponed to January 12 citing no reason for the delay. But the exhibition will be held for the next 45 days from the date commencement.After 1999, the government exhibition was not conducted in Trichy. Following instructions from the state government to hold government exhibitions in all corporations, tenders were called for, according to collectorate officials.Unaware of the announcement, some vendors from Tamil Nadu and from other states reached the venue with their products. Surprisingly, the stalls to be allotted for them were not prepared on that day. So, they had to wait with their goods for four days.Nagaraj, a vendor from Mysore, told TOI, ''I rented out three shops. We came three days ago but the work was not completed. So, I have to lose around Rs.1,000 unnecessarily daily. Moreover, the goods could not be stored because of no stall''.Another vendor on the condition of anonymity said, ''All our efforts to earn money for our livelihood go in vain when we meet such obstacles''.For government department, 21 stalls will be set up and 24 stalls will be occupied by private vendors to market their products. Of the 21 stalls, there will be no place for the electricity board. According to sources, the EB stall will not be set up as the public visiting the exhibition raise questions on continuous power interruption.Of the 24 stalls, 10 stalls for selling non-eatable items were given for Rs 44,000 each and the rest were rented out for Rs 22,000 each. But there is no rental for government stalls. Meanwhile, an open tender was also held for setting up entertainment items at the exhibition.Though the exhibition was scheduled to be inaugurated by minister KT Rajendra Balaji on January 12, the contractor is still arranging for stalls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11455793", "title": "Thank God it\u2019s Thursday, say some in Kollywood", "text": "CHENNAI:The first big movie of 2012, \" Nanban\", might well reinforce a trend that Kollywood would only be too happy to embrace - releases on Thursdays, instead of the traditional Fridays.The first week can make or break the fate of any movie as the industry only knows too well. And the promise of an extra day during the opening weekend has many salivating. \"A release on Thursday will get a movie a four-day run in the first week, as opposed to three days if it is released on Friday. This will definitely be beneficial to the producers,\" says R Rangarajan, director and CFO of AGS Entertainment.On the first two days, the theatres are usually booked by fans associations in the state, which keep the family crowd away. A release on Thursday helps distributors circumvent this problem, and leaves the weekend free for the family audiences. Also, this makes more sense at a time when movies are uploaded on pirate sites on the internet within a few hours of release.The trend of Thursday releases began towards the end of 2011 with \"Poraali\" and \"Osthe\", and their handsome earnings in the first week are only encouraging more distributors to fix their date with destiny a day early. However, there are some like director Dharani who are not bothered about what day their movies hit the screens. \"Some people think Saturdays are unlucky, but my movie \"Ghilli\" was released on that day and went on to become a big hit. I have had a hit on Wednesday too. I am not worried about all these factors. I release my movies when they are ready.\"G Dhananjayan, chief of south film business at UTV Motion Pictures, adds a word of caution. \"If it is festival time, then an early release might aid a movie. For example, \"Mankatha\" was released on Wednesday, a day before Vinayaka Chaturthi, and it had the biggest opening last year. But if a movie has no big stars, then such a move might actually hurt its prospects at the box-office.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11456208", "title": "State farmers finding Basmati \u2018tastier\u2019 than soyabean", "text": "INDORE: Slowly but steadily, basmati rice has been replacing the popularity of soyabean cultivation in the state for the past few years. Unlike soyabean, Basmati can be easily cultivated with limited inputs and limited irrigational facilities with the help of the latest technology available. This has been considered the main reason behind its popularity.The state government has also been actively promoting Basmati cultivation and has sought to increase the milling capacity by offering attractive incentives to the industrialists for setting up their plants in Madhya Pradesh. During the last Kharif season, more than 76,000 hectares of land in the state were under Basmati varieties of paddy with a production of more than 40 lakh quintals. Interestingly, the Bhopal regional division of M-P agricultural mandi board alone witnessed production of Basmati by more than 25 lakh tonnes during the season.Farmers are also getting better returns on Basmati as compared to other crops like soyabean or non-basmati paddy crops.Unlike in many parts of north India which are doing very well on the front of basmati production, Madhya Pradesh's farmers were largely dependent on non-Basmati crops like cotton, sugar and soyabean crops. Many blame this trend for their comparatively low economic status. But, the scene is changing in the state now.LT Food, which recently opened its plant in Mandideep near Bhopal, has initiated an awareness drive on the paddy in 400 villages of the state, covering 1.5 lakh acres of land. It has been able to improve the economic status of 4,500 farmers, said Rajendra Wadhwa, director, LT Foods.As a result, the farmers, in those areas are getting an average return of more than Rs 20,000 per acre as against the return by traditional crop of Rs 600 in past, added Wadhwa. Some of the other companies active in the space include SSA Int'l &amp; Narmada Cereals (Mandideep), Fair Foods &amp; Sheela Agro (Katni). Many more companies' application for acquisition of farmers' land were pending with the state government.However, the roadblock has been created by none else than the leader of opposition in Parliament, Sushma Swaraj herself, under whose constituency the Mandideep area falls. Reportedly, she has taken this stand after taking a cue from Noida episode in which the realtors had to give back the land to the farmers on the intervention of court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11453851", "title": "'Revamp laws to curb corruption'", "text": "PUNE: Former minister of state for external affairs Shashi Tharoor on Wednesday said that there was a need to reform the laws in the country besides passing the Lokpal bill to curb corruption at higher levels.Tharoor was speaking at a function organised by the Seventh Day Adventist Church. The church organised an interactive session with Tharoor, where he spoke on his motive behind joining politics and international issues like the border dispute between India and China.\"Central institutions like CAG and CBI have dug up corruption at high levels; the Election Commission has shown its power to control wrong doings during elections, which I also experienced while campaigning in Thiruvananthapuram; people are empowered with the Right to Information Act. Still, corruption is taking place due to some 'discretionary powers' and the 'power to give permission', which are monetised by those who hold such powers. There are too many laws and too many 'permissions' at government level, giving an opportunity for corruption. Such system needs to be improved,\" Tharoor told the gathering.Speaking on Anna Hazare's demand for a strong Lokpal bill, Tharoor said, \"His demand to accept the draft prepared by his young colleagues is slightly irrational. Rather than fasting, if Hazare had visited villages across the country and taken an oath to counter corruption, it would have been more effective.\"On the border dispute, he said, \"China has resolved border issues with all its neighbours, except India. Though it is reluctant to solve the issue, it cannot ignore the fact that its trade with India has increased 230 times. The current Indo-China trade is worth $62 billion and it's growing continuously. Foreign trade is an integral part of China's economy. So, it is unlikely to take any adverse steps that would affect its trade link with India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11456792", "title": "Woman throws 2 kids into well, jumps in", "text": "BANGALORE: A 28-year-old homemaker jumped into a well after throwing her two children into it at Kundana village, Devanahalli taluk in Bangalore Rural district on Wednesday afternoon.The woman, identified as Nagarathna, used to fight with her husband. Nagarathna's family noticed in the afternoon that she, her daughter Supriya, 5, and son Pavan, 3, were missing. After search, the three bodies were found in the well next to her house.Vishwanathapura police in Bangalore Rural district have taken up a case. The bodies were sent to Vijayapura general hospital for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11461456", "title": "Rubina Shergill passes away", "text": "Rubina Shergill, who played the second bahu Simran, a brave cop in Zee TV's Mrs Kaushik Ki Paanch Bahuein, passed away today afternoon.The actress slipped into coma few weeks ago and was on ventilation support. She suffered asthama attack some time ago and was rushed to the hospital. She suffered another attack today afternoon and it turned out to be fatal.Informs a source from the show, \"Rubina was an asthma patient and was hospitalised recently after suffering a severe attack a few weeks ago. She was on ventilation support and was in coma. She died after suffering another attack today afternoon.\"May God give her family and friends courage and strength to overcome the loss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11456645", "title": "Child development minister seeks 2 lakh crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after PM Manmohan Singh said child malnutrition was a \"national shame\", women and child development minister Krishna Tirath said her ministry has sought nearly Rs 2 lakh crore for the next five years to restructure the government's flagship scheme ICDS.\"We have sought about Rs 2 lakh crore in the next five-year plan for the Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS) scheme, which is four times the amount sanctioned in the previous plan,\" Tirath said.She added that the survey, which said 42% of children under five years were malnourished, needed to be validated by a government study. \"This is a survey by civil society and we need to validate it by following it up with the government's NFHS,'' the minister said.The ministry is working on recommendations made by the PM's Nutrition Council including introduction of a multi-sectoral programme to address maternal and child malnutrition in selected 200 high burden districts with a view to bring various national programmes through strong institutional convergence at state, district, block and village level.The ministry plans to strengthen the ICDS scheme by introducing an anganwadi helper to focus on early childhood education and awareness and launch a nationwide information, education and communication campaign against malnutrition to address issues of status of women, care of pregnant mothers and children under two, breast feeding, balanced nutrition, health, hygiene and sanitation.The minister also expressed serious concern over the lack of reliable data from states and has written to states asking them to collect data to better address the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11456812", "title": "High Courts must not allow seat increase in private medical colleges through interim orders: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday frowned upon the practice in some high courts to pass interim orders permitting private medical colleges to increase their MBBS seats despite the regulator, Medical Council of India, refusing to allow hike in student intake after scrutinizing the institution's infrastructure and teaching facilities.This ruling came from a bench of Justices H L Dattu and Chandramauli Kumar Prasad, which allowed the MCI's appeal against a Karnataka HC interim order permitting JSS Medical College to increase its student intake from 150 to 200 for the academic year 2011-12. This means, the college will now have to cancel the admission of the 50 additional students.The college had applied to MCI in June last year seeking increase of its seats from 150 to 250. After the inspecting team gave a report on the college's inadequate infrastructure, clinical material and faculty, MCI declined the request. Later, the college approached the Karnataka HC, which by an interim order granted the relief.The bench rejected contentions of senior advocate K K Venugopal, who appeared for the college, and said in normal circumstances, HCs should not issue interim orders granting permission to increase seats in medical colleges as in case of reversal of such decisions, students would suffer.Accepting MCI counsel senior advocate Nidesh Gupta's argument, the apex court said, \"In most such cases, when finally the issue is decided against the college, the welfare and plight of the students are ultimately projected to arouse sympathy of the court. It results in very awkward and difficult situation.\"Justice Prasad, who authored the judgment for the bench, said, \"If on ultimate analysis it is found that the college's claim for increase of seats is untenable, in such an event the admission of students with reference to the increased seats shall be illegal. We cannot imagine anything more destructive of the rule of law than a direction by the court to allow continuance of such students, whose admissions are found illegal in the ultimate analysis.\"Though the court set aside the HC's interim order, it requested the HC to expeditiously decide the college's petition on merit without being influenced by the observations made by the bench.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11455408", "title": "MTU exams under CCTV watch", "text": "NOIDA: A few days after the hi-tech AIIMS cheating racket was busted, vigil officials of Mahamaya Technical University caught two students trying to take the M.Pharma exams with forged admit cards.The university has now become wary of such cheating incidents and, as a result, has decided to install CCTV cameras at various examination centers for the state entrance examinations and the university's own semester examinations.The two students caught by the university officials are from GL Bajaj college in Mathura and had forged the admit cards by pasting their own pictures over those of the original examinees. The students were caught by the university officials through the digital verification process that the university has recently introduced to put a curb on such incidents.\"The two students had pasted a photo on top of another photo and were attempting to enter the examination hall using these forged admit cards,\" said JP Pandey, examination controller, MTU.Taking serious note of the increasing instances of cheating in examinations, the university is planning to install close circuit cameras at all its examination centres. The venues for the semester examinations as well as the state level examination centre will be under CCTV surveillance.The technical university, which has 400 colleges across the state, is the place for conducting the Uttar Pradesh State Entrance Examination (UPSEE) for engineering, management, pharmacy and other courses. The university is planning to install the cameras for the forthcoming entrance exams that are due to take place in April. \"There is already a direction that has been passed by the university to videograph practical exams. We are also planning to install CCTV cameras from the next semester exams for graduate and post-graduate courses,\" added Pandey.Following the AIIMS hi-tech cheating racket, checking for use of unfair means by students in the examinations has intensified. The university has passed strict directives to the six different examination centres to ensure that such incidents don't take place.\"The incident at AIIMS makes it very clear that with the development of technology, universities also need to upgrade themselves in terms of their own vigilance measures. We will be taking every possible precaution to curb cheating of any kind in our university,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460519", "title": "Young voters\u2019 wait to enrol continues", "text": "NASHIK: The drive to enrol young voters in their colleges has been delayed by two days as election officials are too busy with publishing work of supplementary rolls. The 'Special Campaign for Registration' of young voters announced by the Election Commission was to begin from January 5 but is yet to take off. The enrolment forms have still not reached the colleges, which are expected to forward them to first-time voters.The Election Commission had announced the drive from January 5 to 15 across the country to get youngsters who are between 18 and 19 years of age as on January 1, 2012, on the electoral rolls. However, they won't be able to cast their vote for the forthcoming elections as their names will be included in the main electoral roll to be announced in October.\"The campaign is aimed at youngsters who have missed their chance to get themselves enrolled into the supplementary voters list this year. For them, as per the guidelines of Election Commission, the electoral roll officers will provide the forms (Form No. 6) to every college in their jurisdiction through the tehsildars and get the forms filled from them on or before January 15,\" deputy collector Geetanjali Baviskar said. \"Thereafter, the machinery will scrutinise the forms and enrol them in the special list that will be declared on January 25 - the National Voters' Day. The only difference, voters registering now will not be able to cast their votes in elections for NMC or Zilla Parishad,\" Baviskar said.No official announcement has been made for the special campaign. The enrolment forms are likely to reach the colleges not before January 9 because of the weekend.The EC announced the drive from January 5-15 to get youth between 18 and 19 years of age as on January 1, 2012, on the electoral rolls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11456142", "title": "Reality show finalist says Ludhiana his second home", "text": "LUDHIANA: Singing reality finalist, Panna Gill, was here on Wednesday to promote his new Punjabi album \" Heeriye\" and all his relatives in city were present in full attendance to motivate him. He said city is a second home for him as many of his brothers and sisters live here and he often visits the city to spend time with relatives.Panna, 27, said he has lot of fun whenever he comes here because there are so many youngsters in the family. He always makes it a point to visit the Durga Mata Mandir near Jagraon Bridge.Resident of Punjab Mata Nagar, Purshottam Lal said Panna is just like his son and when he got to know that he wants to come to the city to promote his first album, he organized everything for him. He said whenever Panna's father, Lakhbir Singh Lakha comes for his performance in Chandigarh or anywhere in Punjab, they both do catch up.\"Either Lakhbir comes to Ludhiana or I go and meet him up at the respective place,\" said Purshottam. His son Sandeep Khajuria has always treated Panna as his younger brother. Even after the stardom, he is still the same for us. \"I still remember when Panna got selected for the reality show, I had called many of my friends and asked them to vote for him,\" said Sandeep.Resident of Aatam Nagar, Sanjay Sabharwal, another relative, said whenever Panna comes here, he stays with him at least for a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11460317", "title": "Indians don't need global recognition: Sivamani", "text": "Sivamani on his music and the philosophy that keeps him goingHis flamboyance and showmanship makes him a tough guy to ignore. CT got chatty with Sivamani. For someone who has created a style of his own - playing from the authentic drum kit to anything he can lay his hands on, what inspires him to do so? He says, \"Music is all around us. I look around and find myself surrounded by it. I can visualise looking at an object, can figure out how it will sound and how I can use it in a performance.\"A master percussionist, Sivamani suggests that youngsters need to, \"practice\" if \"you want to succeed, you should put your heart in whatever you do and not get distracted. I did the same for years and practised whenever I got time without caring if people around me were getting disturbed or what they thought about me.\" He adds, \"You need to be in love with the instrument you play and that is when you can achieve that kind of precision required to succeed on a higher level.\"So, what about the international tag that everyone is running behind to get recognition? He says almost dismissively, \"It's not true that you need any international recognition. If you are performing on an international stage, then go out there as an Indian and rock the world. Every time I go out to perform I feel proud saying that I am from India and I belong to this tradition. We need to shed our egos and enjoy the music and stop worrying about what others say.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11455348", "title": "Fair sex faces no drink checks", "text": "HYDERABAD: Although several woman motorists were found to be driving under the influence of alcohol, traffic police are treating them with kid gloves because of insufficient woman traffic personnel. This fact came to light during the launch of 25 advanced breathalysers, which were supplied to the traffic police by the Regional Transport Authority, on Wednesday.Addressing the media, additional commissioner of police (traffic) CV Anand said in order to avoid controversies a decision was taken that woman motorists would be checked only after drawing sufficient women personnel.Ever since the drive against drunken drive began, police claimed 2,020 motorists were nabbed. They said several politicians, bureaucrats and other influential persons have been putting pressure on police to release their kin caught during the drive. ``Some persons, who have been detained, have been misbehaving with the traffic police officials and trying to bring pressure on them to release the vehicle. We will not yield to any pressure because every test is recorded and the data cannot be deleted,'' Anand added.The new advanced breathalysers were bought by RTA officials by investing Rs 40 lakh. The new gadgets have advanced features than the existing ones since they can detect whether a motorist is drunk or not from a distance before he is made to puff the breathalyser straw, which is called the passive mode. If the gadget indicates that the person is drunk, then the machine can be put on \"Active\" mode to know the exact blood alcohol content (BAC).Transport commissioner Hiralal Samaria, who also took part in the event, when questioned why the AP Road Sector Project, which was taken up to improve road safety, has not taken off though it has been over two years, directed joint transport commissioner (Road Safety) B Venkateshwarlu to respond. Venkateshwarlu merely repeated the decisions taken long time ago, but added by saying that a World Bank team was scheduled to have a meeting with transport officials on Wednesday. ``Already three corridors, where the AP Road Sector Project can be implemented, were identified. It is true that the implementation of the project is going slow, but since the last few months we have intensified our efforts to implement it,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11456497", "title": "\u2018Y-chromosome shrinking across species\u2019", "text": "WASHINGTON: The male-specific Y-chromosome is shrinking at different rates across species - but there is no risk of men being extinct, says a new study.The Y-chromosome is one of the two sex chromosomes carried in males from most mammal species.It contains male-specific genes, including the testis determining gene, which triggers the male sexual development.A team, led by the Australian National University, has discovered that a marsupial's Y-chromosome is genetically denser than human Y-chromosome, meaning they are ahead on 'manliness' scale.\"This means there are different rates of gene loss on Y-chromosome across species,\" said Paul Waters, study team leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11457377", "title": "Museums provide a feel of history with open exhibits", "text": "Shattering the myth that museums are sacred places where children must walk single file with a finger on their lips, Mumbai's museums have turned exploration into a fun, interactive experience.Generations of Mumbaikars, averaging 200,000 children a year, visit the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya (CSMVS), or the Prince of Wales Museum, near Colaba. The CSMVS has devised a children's corner in the gallery where the boundless curiosity of inquisitive minds is given a free rein.\"We encourage them to do things with their hands rather than merely walk by each display laid out in glass cases,\" says director Sabyasachi Mukherjee. \"They are allowed to touch and feel objects. For instance, should they feel like replicating a miniature painting , they can draw images on a computer and take a printout to carry home. Or they can make their own gift cards. All of them love to wear the various turbans in the collection and look into the mirror.\"Even the precious original stone tools of the prehistoric age are not out of bounds for the little ones. They are allowed to handle them to see how our forefathers wielded them.Twice a day, CMSVS holds taxidermy demonstrations and teaches kids how to make envelopes. \"At the coin gallery we invite them to mint their own coins by using the beating technique over aluminum foil,\" he says.Similarly, Mumbai's oldest museum, Bhau Daji Lad, located inside Byculla zoo precinct, receives students from civic schools thrice a week for a special introduction to its collections . \"We invite them to choose to study one collection rather than diffuse their energies across the entire range,\" says Tasneem Mehta, who helms the museum.\"After they browse the pottery on display, professionals help them shape a pot and take it home. The silver collection encourages them to work with foil while the Ragmala paintings series prompts them to try and draw similar figures. To top it all, we have colourful worksheets for each collection, a sort of quiz to draw more participation.\" BMC school students are not charged for this facility. Mehta shortly plans to introduce heritage clubs where teachers will be trained to interpret heritage monuments for students in an interactive manner.The Fort area, meanwhile, is home to the fantastic coin museum belonging to the Reserve Bank of India. Any student who has walked its halls will vouch that the history of India's currency, from her princely states to the British era down to the present, is a magical journey of discovery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11456513", "title": "UTAA to discuss poll reservation today", "text": "PANAJI: The emerging political scenario for the forthcoming assembly election could change drastically, at least in a few constituencies, if the Election Commission of India (ECI) agrees to reserve seats for scheduled tribes (STs) in Goa. This is in view of the Supreme court on Tuesday asking the ECI to consider reservation of seats for STs in the forthcoming assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh.Welcoming the order, the president of United Tribals' Associations Alliance (UTTA), Prakash Velip, said that the tribal leaders would take up the issue with the authorities concerned. \"It's good news for us. And we will pursue the matter on Thursday,\" Velip told TOI on Wednesday.He said that they have been demanding 12% reservation in the assembly election for a while now. The constituencies which could see a change in the political scenario if ECI agrees to the demand include Canacona, Cumbharjua, Quepem, Nuvem and Sanguem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11454651", "title": "Airport services hit rock bottom", "text": "KOLKATA: Once the new integrated terminal becomes operational later this year, all passenger woes will end, claim airport officials. Chief minister Mamata Banerjee as well as airport coordination committee chairman Sougata Roy also echo this claim.True, the new terminal with a capacity of 20 million passengers, will make up for the infrastructure deficiency that the current terminal with 4 million passenger capacity suffers. Yet, there is no indication of the airport staff being trained to deliver better services.In fact, passenger amenities at the airport have hit a new low with passengers finding it impossible to locate trolleys, clean toilets or cabs - services that can be provided even at the present airport but remains below par when compared to other metros.\"The washrooms at the airport are no better than those in government offices and hospitals. They are dirty, wet and carry an unbearable stench. I frequently fly into airports at Hyderabad and Bangalore but have never come across such unhygienic toilets,\" said R Kaul, a Mumbai-based marketing executive.Broken flush latches, stained urinals and unclean commodes, such is the sorry state of washrooms that Rishav Jalan, a Chennai-based businessman, avoided using it altogether.\"The stench was so overpowering that I could not dare enter. One does not expect basic amenities like toilets to be in such poor condition at airports,\" he said.Trolleys have been a perpetual problem at Kolkata airport for years. But they remain unsolved with airport officials finding it too minor an issue to take up in earnest. The service is handed to a contractor who has no control over his employees. Hence, the first service that a passenger requires on reaching the airport - either to depart or on arrival - is never at hand in Kolkata.\"I never find trolleys in the foyer where one alights from vehicles. A few that lie around are broken and unusable. Inside, one encounters scores of trolleys lying haphazardly near the check-in counter. They make progress through the airport difficult. Obviously, the trolleys are not collected in the check-in lounge and deposited outside frequently,\" said Ani Xavier, a student of IIT Mumbai.On arrival, too, the situation is no different. The trolleys that arriving passengers roll out are not brought in on time. Even if they are, they are kept huddled at one end of the arrival terminal beyond conveyer belt no. 4. Hence, passengers whose baggage arrive on other belts have to run over to the extreme end and retrieve a trolley before they run out.\"How can the situation be so chaotic and undisciplined? For a facility that spends crores, how much does it take to ensure proper supply of baggage trolleys. Obviously, the passenger is not a priority with airport officials. This is bad management and poor work culture,\" said Y Rajendra Singh, an official with the planning department of Manipur government.Public telephone booths, too, have disappeared from both the domestic and international terminal. This is a major problem for international arrivals as they cannot make a call to a contact person in the city. AAI officials said the agency that ran the PCOs had been blacklisted due to irregularities and a fresh tender will be floated soon.Another pressing problem is that most of the laptop charging points do not work at Kolkata airport. \"I have to wait for almost three hour for my transit flight and though I could have worked on my project for an hour or so, I could not plug in at any point,\" said Vishal Joshi of Delhi.Getting a pre-paid taxi is other major stumbling block for fliers arriving at the airport, especially at night. Although there are plenty of taxis at the stand, many drivers do not want to ply to certain places at night because they do not get passengers on the way back, said those manning the booth. Therefore, passengers either get fleeced - by paying double the fare - or get stranded for hours at the airport. Trolleys are insufficient here and touts continue to harass passengers outside the airport. Police, too, turn a blind eye to the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11457293", "title": "BJP men slug it out", "text": "MUMBAI: An attempt by a former BJP corporator to reportedly foist his wife as a candidate for the BMC elections was met with protests from the local BJP corporator and other party activists in Vile Parle (East).Party activists came to blows and even manhandled the party's election observer for the district on Tuesday. The fisticuffs eventually paid off as names of other probable candidates too were added to the list.Former corporator Parag Alavani has been accused by party workers of brow-beating other activists to ensure only his wife Jyoti's name was proposed when the BJP election observer team visited Vile Parle on Monday to obtain names of probable candidates.As the observers Medha Somaiya, Vivekanand Gupta and Alavani were to visit the BJP district office at Vile Parle , several party activists including the local corporator Chandrakant Pawar were present. Pawar said though senior party leaders had made it clear that relatives would not be given a ticket, every attempt was made to ensure that Alavani's wife Jyoti gets the ticket. He alleged he was forcibly evicted from the meeting along with former corporator Mangala Joshi.Alavani, the local district general secretary, said, \"There were no protests, fisticuffs or manhandling of anyone.\" Gupta refused to comment.On Tuesday, infuriated workers attended the open session at the same office. Gupta said he would hear them. This led to protests from the Alavani camp and the two sides came to blows. Finally the names were accepted. BJP Mumbai president, Raj Purohit, said sources, has asked for a detailed report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11461298", "title": "It's really happening", "text": "Debutant director Sajin Raaghavan takes on Mollywood stars by portraying the film industry on the big screenThe trailers and songs of Padmasree Bharat Dr Saroj Kumar has been a delight. The online buzz for the movie, releasing shortly, is sky high as the Sreenivasan-scripted film promises to humorously showcase thehappenings of the Malayalam film industry and might also jab the stereotypes that have been plaguing it for long.However, debutant director Sajin Raaghavan says he's not expecting any backlash from any Mollywood actors as \"it is a satire on the entire film industry.\"\"The incidents depicted in the film are known to everyone,\" he says. \"It's an extremely honest take from Sreenivasan's angle of what is happening in the industry.\"Reminding us that the veteran actor always has had a different vision, Sajin says, \"The film is not aimed at hurting anyone but you may find certain similarities, which are unavoidable.\"Apart from Sreenivasan reprising his role as superstar Saroj Kumar, the flick also has Jagathy and Mukesh doing the same. The new characters are that played by Mamta Mohandas , Vineeth Sreenivasan and Suraaj Venjaramoodu.Though many will be thronging the theatres anticipating, as the film is said to be a direct continuation of the 2005 blockbuster Udayananu Thaaram, the director has been trying to convey that this one is an independent film, lest people walk in with too many expectations. \"The film has no connection whatsoever to the original. It's a standalone movie with the character Saroj Kumar in the lead and few recurring characters as support cast,\" says Sajin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460643", "title": "NCP appoints observers for Nashik tehsils", "text": "NASHIK: The NCP has appointed election observers in all tehsils of Nashik district for the zilla parishad elections on February 7. The names of the observers were finalized by Chhagan Bhujbal on Saturday after meeting local NCP leaders.The observers will go to the tehsils on January 10 and 11 and interview aspiring candidates for the parishad elections. The final list would be submitted to district NCP chief Shriram Shete. Bhujbal reviewed the situation in various tehsils recently. Zilla parishad president Mayawati Pagare and NCP leaders from Nashik were also present.The NCP is the single-largest party in the Nashik zilla parishad and had won 25 out of the 74 seats in the 2007 elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11455947", "title": "Three held for murder", "text": "Police have arrested three accused reportedly involved in the murder of a watchman, Raju Sharma, who was working in a factory in industrial area.SHO of division no. 6, Randhir Singh , said on the statement of brother of the deceased, Jiwan Lal, they started investigations and found that workers of the factory killed Raju on January 5.He said before the night of crime, owner of the factory had kept an amount of Rs 2.5 lakh in the safe of his office and somehow Raju saw him keeping the cash and discussed this matter with factory workers, Baldev Singh, Sachin and Babloo Dubey, all from Bihar, and made a plan to steal the money. He said when they all reached the factory, they found only Rs 42,000 in the locker and the accused thought that Raju has already stolen the money and started beating him due to which he died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11457194", "title": "Thumbs-up to food, stay", "text": "Majority of the participants, who landed at the coastal city on Tuesday, have given the thumbs up for arrangements with regard to food and accommodation. However, those who are put up in Mukka, Konaje and Vamanjoor say that they need to travel for about 20-40 minutes to reach the venue for rehearsal and breakfast or lunch.Zabir Kalga from Dadra and Nagar Haveli, who is taking part in the folk dance event (garbha), said travelling from Vamanjoor is a minus point. \"But for that, the arrangements are good here. I have participated in seven NYFs. In Udaipur, eight persons were crammed in a room, but the place was just a km from the venue. Here I'm put up with three persons,'' he said, adding: \"I'm proud to have learnt garbha. I'm more proud that I will be able to showcase the culture of my region here...\"Amjad Khan from Madhya Pradesh, who will take part in one-act play, arrived at 1am on Wednesday after a 36-hour journey. This is his third festival. His troupe's drama director Pramod Kumar says: \"They are happy that dining is inside a spacious hall. Elsewhere, it was in a pandal outside. Food is excellent.''Richa Tiwari from the troupe says there are no charging points for cellphones or cameras in the room. \"We have cameras, but the batteries have dried. It's become difficult to take memories back,\" she rued.Sanjeev Kumar from Himachal Pradesh is introducing adventure sports like rappelling and jummaring. His mate Prithvi Raj of Nageshwar Yuvaka Mandal, which has won state award for empowering women, spreading awareness of family planning and health, has brought traditional cap, shawl and jacket to sell to the participants. All participants are planning to explore the city after their respective events.Over 1,000 cops on their toesMore than 1,000 police personnel will be on duty at various venues and places where delegates and VIPs are put up. They will also man railway and bus stations, and other places of public importance to ensure law and order during the five-day festival.Top cop Seemanth Kumar Singh said they want to ensure that the festival is celebrated like a national get-together of youths. Seemanth told reporters that they will ensure smooth traffic at all times. \"City police and PCR vans will make rounds round-the-clock,\" he added.CCTVs will keep an eye on vantage points, especially the main venue, where people are expected to gather in large numbers. CCTV feeds will be used to direct PCR vans to areas wherever required, he said, adding that they do not anticipate any trouble.The district administration has notified changes in traffic flow pattern in the city from January 12 to 16. Accordingly, traffic will be diverted from the main thoroughfare of the city to arterial roads. Barring vehicles connected to the festival, entry of other vehicles to Dr TMA Pai Convention Centre on MG Road is banned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11455322", "title": "\u2018Wakf property leased illegally\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Allegations of State Wakf Board (SWB) property misuse have surfaced again, with fingersbeing pointed at the administration of the Madina Education and Welfare Society (MEWS).At a press conference on Wednesday, civil rights activist Syed Farees alleged that prime properties of wakf were misused by MEWS secretary K M Arifuddin during his tenure as secretary of Parcha Bafi Hermain Sharfain (PBHS), a wakf charitable institution. The MEWS runs the Madina Junior College and the Madina Public School in Himayatnagar, besides other educational institutions in the city. \"Arifuddin collected donations towards the welfare of the Muslim community but did not show these transactions to the Wakf Board. He also leased wakf properties in Nampally, Himayatnagar and Hyderguda to MEWS when the society came into existence in 1991. The rent that wakf got from these properties was pittance,\" said Farees.When contacted by TOI, Ariffuddin refuted the allegations, questioning the inquiry itself. \"We had done everything legally in the best interest of the poor Muslims. This issue has also been clarified by courts,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11455259", "title": "Jarawas video recent: JNU scholar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Terming the coming in contact of the Jarawas of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands with tourists and outsiders as hazardous, research scholar of Jawaharlal Nehru University, Pramod Kumar claims that this makes the tribals susceptible to communicable diseases and endangers them further.While Kumar claims that the video in circulation exposing the Jarawa tribals in the Andamans to tourists is relatively new, experts claim that the video proves that this happened in knowledge of the authorities. Kumar has spent four years, from 2003 to 2007, with the Jarawas documenting the tribes for his PhD thesis.Meanwhile, senior faculty of Centre for Linguistics, JNU and expert on languages of Andaman Islands, professor Anvita Abbi, who has done extensive work on the endangered languages of Andaman Island since 2001, questioned as to how human safari has been allowed despite a Supreme Court's order to the administration to implement the Jarawa buffer zone notification.Kumar, who knows the Jarawa language, said: \"Though the faces in the video is not clear (the faces has been blurred in the video shown by Times Now), but one can be certain that is a new video as the girl is wearing a maxi. This is a new phenomenon, probably done after coming in contact with the outsiders as Jarawas don't wear maxi or any clothes. Also one cannot ascertain whether this has been done in connivance with the police as in the video one can also hear a male voice saying 'someone is coming please stop'.\"But Abbi said: \"The fact that in the very beginning of the video one can see a uniformed officer indicates that this happened in the knowledge of the authorities.How can the administration claim they have no knowledge of this?\"The great Andamanese is a collective term for the various aboriginal inhabitants of the Islands and in the mid-19th century at the time of British advent in these Islands there were estimated 5,000 tribes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11453316", "title": "Labourers die of suffocation while cleaning well", "text": "AMRAVATI: Two labourers died due to suffocation while desilting a well at Wadal Gavhan village in Daryapur on Wednesday.The deceased have been identified as Biram Shah Akbar Shah (60) and Santosh Wadurkar (30). Maroti Sansthan of Wadala Gavhan had started some construction work and gave the work of desilting of the well to the labourer duo. Shah went into the well first. But when he did not return after a long time, Wadurkar too entered the well. However, both died due to suffocation and possibly noxious gases. Police rushed the spot after getting information. Police have been investigating further in matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11454337", "title": "NMC turns yearly chore of road repairs into pre-poll gift", "text": "NAGPUR: The BJP-Shiv Sena ruled Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) could not repair the targeted number of roads in four of its five-year regime, despite money being available for approved works. However, this financial year, just before the civic elections, it was suddenly able to take up all the pending road repairs and implement work orders, leading to sudden improvement in condition of roads across the city.The Nagpur Vikas Aghadi (NVA) had targeted expenditure of approximately Rs 350 crores for repair, re-laying and asphaltation of roads across the city from 2007 to 2012, but it could only set aside 39% of the funds for this job. Moreover, the coalition initiated maximum road works in current financial year, obviously to please voters.According to NMC's PWD department, between 2008-2012 the civic body earmarked Rs 293.243 crore for road works across the city. However, it spent only Rs 115.86 crore.Strangely, just ahead of the civic polls, NMC earmarked huge funds for repair of roads. So far this year, NMC has spent Rs 33.14 crore for road works.In 2010-2011, the civic body had spent Rs 27.49 crore. In 2009-2010 and 2008-2009, the corporation had sanctioned Rs 30.54 crore and Rs 23.67 crore respectively for road works. However, not much of this money was spent in those years.The NMC woke up and launched repair works of internal roads only in the last two fiscal. In 2010-2011 fiscal, the NMC spent Rs 25 crore for works on internal roads and in 2011-12, Rs 39 crore has been spent.\"There is nothing wrong with the construction work on roads as it was started long before the implementation of code of conduct on January 3,\" municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal has said to mediamen. He also clarified that the works going on have been sanctioned much before the code of conduct, but execution started late.With corporation elections round the corner, civic authorities hastened the construction work of roads. This can be gauged from the ongoing works in different parts of the city. In fact, it came as a surprise for most Nagpurians. A majority of the residents said that had the elections been announced in the first week of February, the construction of road would have been delayed.Though Nagpurians welcomed the road works, they fear that it won't last as the civic body has never bothered to ensure quality works.The civic body has miserably failed in penalizing contractors who construct or use poor quality materials for roads. \"Contractors who carry out road work should be made answerable for damage within one year of the work. But the corporation has not acted against anyone for poor quality of work,\" said corporator Manoj Sangole. \"In fact, it was the unholy nexus between ruling party and contractors that was preventing action against contractors who fail to carry out works properly,\" alleged the corporator.QUOTESDo you think the ploy of repairing roads at the last minute attract voters?Yes, it will help the ruling party improve its image. Till recently we were forced to use roads full of potholes. In fact, road works going on at war footing should have commenced earlier.Rajiv Jagtap, social activistIt was a pre-planned move to please voters. Apart from sudden roads works, civic body also tried to please voters by passing a contract to replace street light poles. Middle-class people may fall prey to these steps, as it's been over a decade that internal roads were constructed or repaired.Amar Nagpal, businessmanYes definitely. The facelift is going to make voters happy. However, NMC should ensure maintenance of roads with better coordination between government agencies like BSNL, MSEDCL etc, who hardly think before digging up new roads.Kavita Rattan, environmental activistWinter is not considered appropriate time for road construction. The work launched by NMC to relay or asphalt roads across the city was to take advantage ahead of the corporation polls.Vishakha Mathur, teacherThe roads have been in a bad shape for the past many years and finally NMC has started the work, though for selfish motives. At least people will get smooth internal roads now.Mukesh Bankar, student", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11454969", "title": "Cartoon contest for kids on Saturday", "text": "MUMBAI: What do you get when you bring 2,000 kids together to pour their hearts out on a piece of paper in the form of cartoons? \"I don't know how we will decide who manages this task best. The judges will surely be spoilt for choice,\" said G G Waghmare, the dean of Sir JJ Institute of Applied Arts.Hosted as a joint initiative between the institute and The Times of India, the Times Cartoon Contest has already been marked on the planners of thousands of schoolkids.\"Drawing and painting contests are organized by various institutes throughout the year but this time, the art of cartooning will be given importance. Never before has such a competition been held for children as young as eight and nine years,\" said Waghmare. Home to some of the finest personalities, JJ Institute of Applied Arts is known for its creativity; contests like these only add to their commitment towards the field of art.Cartooning is one of the most exciting and fun ways to express yourself through art and this, said Waghmare, makes the contest special. \"This will give children the much-needed platform to hone their cartooning skills. Even those who love doodling caricatures of their teachers in class will be happy to be a part of this contest,\" he said and added that unlike other forms of painting, cartooning doesn't require a specific proportion or theme, it only needs to give a clear message. \"We know of only one R K Laxman but with this contest we'll learn of many more R K Laxmans in the making.\"Not only will the work of the participants be whetted by three judges, a few lucky ones will also get the opportunity to meet one of India's most famous cartoonists, R K Laxman. \"While the children have set their aim right, the atmosphere at our institute will also help them become more comfortable with their work and hopefully also inspire them to take up this form of art as a profession,\" he added. \"Raj Thackeray, an ex-student of this very institute has taken cartooning to the current generation and we hope such events encourage more children to understand the nuances of this field.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454151", "title": "ATM fraud: Guard, friend in police net for cheating", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two persons, including the guard of an ATM in Paharganj, were arrested for cheating several people by secretly noting down their card details and PIN.The duo used to target those less familiar with operating an ATM machine. Under the guise of helping such people, the guard noted down the card details and PIN and passed on the same to his friend. His accomplice then carried out online transactions using the details and shared the money. The guard has been identified as Mohinder Singh and his accomplice as Ajit Singh.The crime branch started investigation after they received a complaint from one Heera Lal. In his complaint, Lal said he had gone to operate an ATM in Paharganj on December 10, but could not carry out the transaction. \"The guard there helped me and blew air into my ATM card and inserted it again after which I was able to withdraw money,\" Heera Lal said. When the complainant again went to withdraw money from the same ATM, he found that around Rs 46,500 was missing from his account. When he went to his bank branch, he was told him that he must have shopped using his card. \"I clearly remembered not to have made any such purchases,\" Heera Lal said.Cops received a tip-off that the guard was in involved in noting down the PIN and a person came between 2pm-3pm daily for collecting the same. On the instance of the informer, the accused were nabbed. Six card details with PINs written on a piece of paper were found on them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11457250", "title": "First phase: Nomination begins today", "text": "LUCKNOW: The nomination for the first phase of assembly election in Uttar Pradesh will begin on Thursday.Candidates will be allowed to file their nominations after Governor BL Joshi notifies the first phase of election at 11am.In the first phase, 10 districts and 55 constituencies -- in Sitapur, Bahraich, Shravasti, Balrampur, Siddharthnagar, Basti, Ambedkarnagar, Faizabad, Gonda and Barabanki -- will go to polls.According to Election Commission data, nearly 1.70 crore voters -- 92.87 lakh men and 77.56 lakh women -- will exercise their franchise in these 55 constituencies. Uttar Pradesh Chief Electoral Officer Umesh Sinha said 13,186 polling centres have been set up in the districts that will go to polls in the first phase.A total of 19,383 electronic voting machines will be used during the polling process. Speaking to reporters on Wednesday, Sinha said the nomination process will be open to candidates between 11am and 3pm.Sinha said all returning officers have been instructed to allow candidates to take only three vehicles within 100 metres of the nomination centre. Candidates may be accompanied by a maximum of five persons while filing their nominations.While candidates belonging to registered political parties will need one person to propose their name, candidates of non-registered parties will need 10 people to propose their nomination. Candidates will also have to turn in two letters of oath along with their nomination forms -- one containing details of their criminal records, while another giving details of their assets.Sinha clarified that the format of the letter of oath was changed in February 2011; candidates must, therefore, ensure they turn in their nomination according to the new format.According to the new format, candidates will also have to turn in asset details of their spouse, along with their PAN numbers.Sinha said general candidates for assembly election would have to pay Rs 10,000 as a security deposit against their nomination; scheduled caste and tribe candidates, on the other hand, would need to pay Rs 5,000.Independent candidates, Sinha said, would be allowed to make use of the free symbols available to them in the office of the returning officer. All letters of oath will, subsequently, be displayed on the notice board in the office of the returning officer.All candidates will be given copies of expenditure registers, along with candidate instruction manuals issued by the Election Commission.Election itineraryNumber of districts: 10; &amp; seats: 55Issue of notification: January 12Last date for making nominations: Jan 19Scrutiny of nominations: January 20Last date for candidature withdrawal : Jan 23Date of voting: February 8, 2012Number of enrolled voters: 1,70,44,561", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11454022", "title": "Pathak revokes appointment of four zonal medical officers", "text": "PUNE: Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak on Wednesday issued orders to revoke appointments of four zonal medical officers as appropriate authorities under the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Prohibition of Sex Selection) Act, 1994, as their appointments violated provisions of the Act.In an order issued on January 10, the civic administration delegated appropriate authority's power and position to four zonal medical officers, which violated section 17 of the Act.However, when TOI brought this to the notice of the municipal commissioner, the officials concerned were directed to revoke the order.As per the Act, only the state government has the mandate to appoint an appropriate authority (AA) to oversee the effective implementation of the Act and initiate action.Following the order, the civic administration assigned the task of overseeing the work of municipal solid waste management to four zonal medical officers who were to in turn keep a check on other ward medical officers' related work in the municipal wards falling in the zone's jurisdiction. Similarly, another four zonal medical officers assigned the task of supervising the work of PCPNDT Act and other related health programmes. However, by doing this, the administration unknowingly anointed the four zonal medical officers as appropriate authorities.\"This has happened inadvertently. There is no denying the fact that only the state government has the powers to appoint an appropriate authority. Our intention was to categorically list all the duties a civic body's medical officer has to dispense. The zonal medical officers, who were supposed to oversee the work of ward medical officers, were wrongly anointed as appropriate authority. The concerned officials has been asked to revoke the order and issue an amended order,\" Pathak told TOI on Wednesday.\"It is the duty of a civic body's medical officer to conduct inspection of sonography centres, but he has no powers to take action against the erring centre. Only an appropriate authority has the powers to initiate action. For PMC, an assistant medical officer of health has been assigned the job of appropriate authority by the state government,\" Pathak said.There are very few municipal corporations in state which have formed the mandatory PCPNDT cells. PMC is among the few that has a well-functioning cell.\"We are committed to effective implementation of the PCPNDT Act within the municipal limits of Pune Municipal Corporation. A separate PCPNDT Cell has been formed under the appropriate authority (AA) and all the medical officers overseeing the work of the Act at the cell are given vehicles for speedy disposal of their duties regarding the Act. We have identified separate place for the cell as well. The cell will soon be functioning from the newly assigned office space,\" Pathak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11455098", "title": "Gali spends b'day plotting political moves", "text": "HYDERABAD: There was no cake, no large gathering, but Gali Janardhan Reddy was sure planning to get a larger pie in Karnataka politics on his birthday at the Central Prison, Chanchalguda on Wednesday.In prison as an undertrial in the Obulapuram Mining Company (OMC) scam, Gali had visitors who chose the occasion to discuss plans for a party that he and his associates plan to launch in Karnataka.From January 15, Gali's associate and Bellary rural MLA B Sreeramulu along with MP J Shantha will start a tour of all the districts in Karnataka to garner support for Gali's new political party that is to be launched.On Wednesday, both Sreeramulu and Shantha spent nearly an hour with Gali Janardhan Reddy in the prison. The politicians from Karnataka were not allowed to take a cake inside the jail to celebrate Gali's birthday. However, they cut a cake and distributed it to people, including jail staff, outside the prison.According to jail sources, the day began early for Gali who is lodged in the special barrack as an 'A' class prisoner. On his 45th birthday, he offered prayers at the Sai Baba temple within the jail premises and reportedly had some pulihora for breakfast.Gali's birthday every year is a grand affair with programmes organized for the benefit of the poor. This year, it was uneventful and an 'unhappy birthday' for the mining baron.\"He is as sad as we are. We only wish that he has the strength to go through all the physical strain and emotional turmoil that he has to suffer. We are hoping this will end soon and he will come out triumphant in the end,\" MLA Sreeramulu told TOI outside the jail after he had met his friend.Apart from Sreeramulu and Shantha, it is said that some family members of Gali also met him in the jail. Gali's wife and children, however, did not come.Sreeramulu said an extensive tour of all the districts in Karnataka had been planned to strengthen the new political party that is to be launched. Sreeramulu himself will undertake the tour. It is learnt that he may also try to rope in Gali's wife to take part in the tour.It may be mentioned here that apart from the Gali brothers, Sreeramulu and J Shantha also parted ways with the BJP. Sreeramlu had quit his seat as he was denied a ministerial berth and contested again as an independent.Sreeramulu makes frequent visits to the Chanchalguda prison to hold consultations with Gali on political matters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "aizawl", "code": "11459071", "title": "Unfinished projects annoy Ghatowar", "text": "AIZAWL: Union Minister of state for the ministry of development of the North East Region (DoNER), Paban Singh Ghatowar, is unhappy over delay in completing 21 projects of the ministry in Mizoram.Ghatowar, while addressing the media in Aizawl, said over Rs 895 crore was given to Mizoram for implementation of 150 projects under Non-Lapsable Central Pool of Resources (NLCPR) but only Rs 391 crore was utilized so far to implement 64 projects.Of the 21 delayed projects, some have exceeded completion time by more than five years, he said. He added this was resulting in cost escalation. He expressed unhappiness over the implementation of the Referral Hospital Project at Falkawn near Aizawl. He said the administrative building and residential quarters for doctors and other staff were constructed before construction of the Hospital building.\"The state government would prepare a detailed project report (DPR) and submit it to DoNER so that the hospital starts functioning,\" he added. The minister said DoNER would provide necessary funds for completion of the Rajiv Gandhi Stadium even if money allocated by the Planning Commission was inadequate.Ghatowar, also the chairman of North Eastern Council (NEC), said Mizoram was the second highest recipient of funds allocation from the NEC, next to Arunachal Pradesh. He added that the NEC allotted Rs 1.5 crore for the North East Games, 2012, to be hosted by Mizoram in the later part of February. He announced that Rs 300 crore would be arranged for construction of the 60-MW Tuirial Hydel Project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "port blair", "code": "11461759", "title": "Fifteen people arrested for intruding into Jarawa areas", "text": "PORT BLAIR: 15 people have been arrested here under provisions of the Protection of Aboriginal Tribes (PAT) Regulation, for intruding into Jarawa areas in the Andaman and Nicobar islands, police said.While six persons, all residents of Junglighat, were arrested from a fishing trawler near Bamboonallah, three mechanised fishing boats were intercepted at Hiren Tikery, Badabaalu and Havabill island where nine people were arrested, they said.The fishing trawler and the boats were also seized. During the intensive search of the long coast-line area from Herbertabad to Hiren Tikri covering Jhaukona, Bada Balu, Lamba Balu, Bamboo Nallah and Hawa Bill Island, a commercial fishing trawler was sighted along the shore near Bamboo Nallah. After a long chase, the trawler was intercepted and six persons were arrested.Three mechanized fishing boats and one non-mechanized oar boat were intercepted at three places and nine persons arrested.Meanwhile, the general public and fishermen have been cautioned not to venture into the Jarawa Reserve Forest Area which stretches up to 5 km on sea from the High Tide Line of Western Coast of Middle Andaman Area as it is a punishable offence under PAT Regulation.According to reports, there are just 403 surviving members of the Jarawa tribe who live in reserve forests on South Andamans.The police said the arrests were not related to the video-clip controversy involving Jarawa women that erupted yesterday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11461096", "title": "Husband, in-laws held for poisoning woman to death for 1 lakh dowry", "text": "NASHIK: A 24-year-old woman was allegedly poisoned by her in-laws, who demanded Rs 1 lakh as dowry, in Dadhegaon village near Nashik.The victim, Sumitra Gorakshanath Bhor, was married to Gorakshanath Arjun Bhor, who works in a private chemical firm. The couple has a 18-month-old daughter.According to a complaint lodged by Sumitra's father, Ganpat Ramchandra Lipate on Friday, she was given poison-laced tea by her mother-in-law, Mandabai Arjun Bhor. Lipate, a junior technician with the MSEDCL, said, \"On Thursday morning, Mandabai gave Sumitra poison-laced tea. After drinking the tea, Sumitra started vomiting. She was rushed to a private hospital and I was informed. Around 11.30 am, when I reached the hospital her condition was stable.\"He said that he tried to contact the doctor, but could not. \"I went to office and around 2.00 pm, I received a call that she had been shifted to another hospital,\" he said. \"I rushed to the hospital where she was admitted. She told me that she had taken ill after drinking the tea.\"When Lipate met the doctor, he was told that it was a poisoning case and that the poison was spreading in her body. \"That night, her condition deteriorated and around 9.45 pm, she was declared dead.\" \"A few months after the marriage, the in-laws demanded dowry and ill-treated her. They have killed her for money,\" Lipate said.The Upanagar police have arrested Sumitra's mother-in-law, husband, father-in-law, Ajrun Balwant Bhor, and sister-in-law, Swati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11461296", "title": "Bosch files cheating plaint against 6 trainees", "text": "NASHIK: Bosch India on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Satpur police against six trainees working in the company for producing forged certificates to get a job.As per the police complaint, Samir Bramhankar, resident of Dindori Road, Panchavati; Shaikh Afroz Sattar, resident of Datta Chowk, Nashik; Rahul Pawar, resident of Satana, Nashik; Prashant Pawar, resident of Satana; Mahesh Ahire of Nashik Road; and Ravindrakumar Shinde of Panchavati had produced fake certificates of different technical trades to get employment in the company. All the six trainees worked in the company from March 3, 2010 to September 15, 2011 and got a job by producing forged certificates, the police complaint said.The Satpur police have registered a case of cheating against all six of them and further investigations are underway. Meanwhile, a Bosch India spokesman at Satpur said on condition of anonymity that the company has terminated the job of all six trainees.He said on Wednesday that once new employees or trainees are inducted into the company, it is a common procedure of the firm to get their certificates verified. This is usually done by a third party and takes some time, he said.While verifying the certificates from the Industrial Training Institute, Satpur, it was found that these trainees had produced fake certificates, the company spokesman said. He also said that it clearly proved that they had not taken any course specified in their certificates from ITI, Satpur.N M Nikam, principal of Industrial Training Institute, Satpur said the institute often gets requests for verifying certificates and once in a while they do come across such forged documents.\"Today with the help of computers, people create fake currency notes. Thus, making a certificate is not a big deal. In this case we found that all the six had taken none of the courses in ITI,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11454161", "title": "Another chance to correct mistakes in voters list", "text": "NAGPUR: The citizens will have a final chance to correct any mistakes or put in any missing name in the voters list before NMC election slated on February 16. NMC will publish the draft ward-wise voters list on January 12. It will accept applications for correction till January 17.After receiving the assembly constituency-wise voters list from district administration, NMC has prepared ward-wise list. Chances of names going missing or appearing incorrectly cannot be ruled out. It is also possible some voters may have their name listed in ward where they do not live. The voters may check the draft and apply for corrections in six days.\"The draft voters list will be available at zone offices till January 17. Besides, State Election Commission will also upload it on website- . The applications have to be submitted at the respective zone office in proper format. After receiving applications and making corrections, NMC will publish the final voters list on January 23,\" said an official.Meanwhile, the returning officers have taken charge at respective zones. The office of two newly established zones for election have been opened. The office of Shanti Nagar Zone has been established behind Shanti Nagar garden. It will cover six wards Nos 3, 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17. The office of Narendra Nagar Zone has been established at old administrative building of Hanuman Nagar Zone located near Badminton Hall in Hanuman Nagar. It will cover ward Nos 57, 58, 65, 66, 67 and 68.Zone-wise returning officer's Mobile NumberLaxmi Nagar- Sujata Gandhe: 9405142630Dharampeth- Daya Raut: 9822590545Hanuman Nagar- Sanjay Kadam: 9422182302Dhantoli- Gautam Walde: 9890190981Nehru Nagar- Vijaya Bankar: 9423187350Gandhibagh- Manoj Deshkar: 9422111868Satranjipura- Prashant Kale: 9158883644Lakadganj- A D Anjikar: 9423613885Ashi Nagar- R U Thite: 9890307307Mangalwari- V K Jakkulwar: 9860563150Shanti Nagar- Kamlakar Randive: 9730984504Narendra Nagar- Milind Salve: 9765551396", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11454548", "title": "Marathon has its own \u2018cheerleaders\u2019", "text": "This Sunday, lakhs of citizens will occupy the stretch of south Mumbai from Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) to Worli. While a few thousands will be participants of the ninth edition of the Standard Chartered Mumbai Marathon, the others will run along and cheer them.\"Since we don't participate in the marathon, we make it a point to cheer those who take up the challenge. It feels good to come together as a city for such brilliant causes,\" said Nandini Salunkhe from Colaba. Salunkhe, along with family and friends, have been regulars at the marathon and have made banners for the runners this year. \"We will cheer the participants on the last stretch from Marine Drive to CST, where the runners get really tired. We will run along for the last few kilometres,\" added Salunkhe.Ask regular participants and they will pick their favourite stretch from the 42.19-km route, especially because of the large crowds that gather. \"The stretch from Haji Ali to Worli Seaface is a lot of fun because of the welcome breeze and the huge crowds that get together to cheer us. Many residents hand us biscuits, water and much-needed support,\" said 25-year-old Nimish Sawant, who will run the Full Marathon for the second time in a row.For many others like Allwyn Crasto (32), the Pedder Road-Marine Drive stretch is most exciting. \"You get to see a mix of crowds; the young and old, rich and poor, and many others. The cheering actually helps as that is the last bit of the run towards the finish line,\" added Crasto.Various associations also ensure runners are being motivated. \"We started working three months before the marathon and asked our residents to participate in the run or at least volunteer. We encourage our residents to run for a cause, especially civic issues,\" said Chandresh Shah, president, Marine Drive Residents' Association. He added that they put up five booths between Girgaum Chowpatty and Nariman Point, where they hand over water, biscuits and bananas. Various resident associations in Pedder Road and Worli do similar work.United Way of Mumbai, an NGO, will cheer runners from Worli to Nariman Point. \"Our mascots, who symbolize 'green environment' and other causes, will run along and cheer participants,\" a spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454242", "title": "Lawyers to strike work today", "text": "NEW DELHI: A coordination panel of the bar associations of the six district courts has asked lawyers to abstain from work on Thursday to press their demand for transfer of property cases from the Delhi HC to trial courts. \"Tomorrow, none of the lawyers will appear in any of the district court,\" said Rajiv Khosla, spokesperson of the Co-ordination Committee of the bar associations of all the six district courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11455025", "title": "\u2018Mild exercise can cut heart attack risk\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The interheart study shows the link between a sedentary lifestyle and heart problems.\"A sedentary lifestyle has become common in many developing countries, and with it, the incidence of metabolic syndrome, diabetes and cardiovascular disease has also risen,'' said the study's main author, Claes Held of Uppsala University in Sweden .The team identified various factors leading to ill-health: increasing urbanization, mechanization at work, more motorized transportation, \"a societal structure that discourages walking but encourages the use of physical activity limiting devices (cars and elevators), and the widespread availability of appliances that promote sedentary behaviour such as the television and computers''.The researchers began mapping possessions-a TV at home or car to work-versus the risk of a heart attack among people. After comparing the possessions of people who have undergone a heart attack against those who hadn't, the association was clear: while people with a TV or car or both had a 27% greater risk of a heart attack, people who had none of these machines or owned cattle had the lowest risk.Incidentally, a Mumbai-centric study done by Lilavati Hospital's endocrinologist Dr Shashank Joshi, who is the editor emeritus of the Journal of Association of Physicians of India, had shown a similar association. \"This study ties in with our study that showed that for every gadget a family acquired it also put on eight kilos,'' said Dr Joshi.\"People put on ectopic fat (fat that gets deposited in cells and tissues that are not meant to store it). Considering that Indians have more body fat and less muscle than their Caucasian or African counterparts, this results in obesity that could lead to development of heart problems,'' added Dr Joshi.But all is not lost. Said Dr Prafulla Kerkar, who heads the cardiology department of KEM Hospital, \"The West went through this a few decades back. Their growing realization has led them to shed sedentarianism. Some European buildings have lifts available only from the second floor onwards, forcing people to climb stairs.\"The interheart study in fact focuses a lot on physical activity at leisure that can help control heart problems. \"The study shows that people doing any activity can reduce their heart attack risk (compared to those who don't do any activity at all) by almost 50%,'' said Dr Aashish Contractor, who is attached to the Asian Heart Institute in BKC.\"The study says that people who do 30 minutes of activity per week in their leisure time could reduce their heart attack risk by 21%. Those who do 210 minutes of activity per week can reduce the risk by over 44%,'' he said. Those who pursued activity for 60-180 minutes per week could reduce their risk by 40%. \"The INTERHEART study shows that one need not do fabulously hard work to stay fit. Even small steps-just 30 minutes per week-will help keep your heart healthy.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11456151", "title": "No respite from cold as temperature drops further", "text": "BHOPAL: Mercury dropped further to 5.9\u00b0 Celsius -- four degrees below normal on Wednesday from 6.6 Celsius a day earlier, forcing people in Bhopal to stay indoors during morning and evening hours. Those who stepped out were seen covered with heavy woollens.The maximum temperature was recorded at 19.8 degree Celsius, five degrees below the normal in the city, met department officials said.Cold wave condition is likely to continue in the state. Parts of Rewa, Shahdol, Jabalpur, Sagar, Gwalior and Chambal divisions may record a minimum temperature of 4 degrees Celsius or below in next 24 hours, they added.Maximum temperature went up by a notch in some parts of MP. In Bhopal, too, it rose to 19.8 from 19.3 (-6) on Tuesday. However, there was no let-up in night temperature which continued to tumble, Indian Meteorological Department's ( IMD) regional director D P Dubey told TOI.He said cold weather condition would continue for two more days.Dubey attributed the chill to lessening of moisture in weather and snowfall in Jammu and Kashmir. He said temperature slumped to the lowest in MP at 1.5 degree Celsius in Naogaon, Sagar. Damoh registered a minimum temperature of 1.8 degree Celsius.Mercury plummeted to 5.7 degree Celsius, four below the normal in Indore where maximum was recorded at 21.5 (-5) degree Celsius.In Gwalior, minimum and maximum temperature touched 4.2 (-3) and 18.9 (-4) degree Celsius mark respectively. Minimum and maximum temperature of 7.2 (-3) and 19.5 (-6) degree Celsius respectively was recorded in Jabalpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11459180", "title": "An evening of fun at Venom", "text": "It was NYE hangover at Venom on a recent Friday night as revellers thronged to the nightclub for an evening of fun.And with DJs Kunal and Parth at the console, there never was a dull moment. PYTs and hunks upped the glam quotient as they turned out in their sartorial best.We spotted denim jumpsuits, lace tops, frills and floral prints in plenty.The DJs revved up the music with house numbers and made sure that the party people found it hard to leave the dance floor. We spotted a gang of friends - Divya, Mika , Saurav, Rose, Rubens, Mathews, Thais and Andy - having a good time. As the night wore one, the music got louder, the steps got wilder and the party crazier! It was one good night!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11454988", "title": "State rapped over speed governors", "text": "MUMBAI: Over a year and a half after it promised to introduce rules for installing governors to deal with speeding taxis, buses and trucks, the state government's inaction invited the ire of the Bombay High Court on Wednesday.\"The state should have honoured (its commitment) considering the sensitivity of the issue,\" said a division bench of Justices D D Sinha and Vijaya Kapse-Tahilramani. \"If other states can take preventive measures, why should Maharashtra delay it.\"Under the Motor Vehicle Rules, governors should be installed in all commercial and public vehicles, including school buses, private service vehicles, public and private transport buses, taxis, autos and goods vehicles. A governor is fitted between a fuel pump and engine to adjust the speed limit. If a vehicle speeds, the fuel supply is cut off.The HC has given the state two months to issue a draft notification with a fresh set of rules or modify the guidelines that it proposed in 2010.Government pleader Vijay Patil informed the HC that the state had issued draft rules in 2010 and invited objections and suggestions from the public. \"The state realized that a phase-wise approach is needed,\" said Patil. He said the state will either withdraw the 2010 draft rules or modify it.The matter will be heard on March 31, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11456997", "title": "Campaign for purity loses steam after festivals", "text": "JAIPUR: 'Shudh ke liye yudh' campaign has become a kind of seasonal affair. During the festive season, the government officials showed great enthusiasm in raiding shops to collect impure product samples. But when the festive season gets over, the campaign, too, loses steam.Medical, health and family welfare department said, \"During festivals, we collect samples as at that time the demand for milk products increases and chances of adulteration are high in order to meet the demand.\"But, on normal days, each food inspector has the target of collecting 12 samples of edibles. There are 9 food inspectors, who have the target of collecting 108 samples.The Food Safety Standards Authority of India report that 76% of milk in Rajasthan is adulterated revealed the surveys and raids conducted under 'Shudh ke liye yudh' have proved insufficient in checking milk adulteration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11455806", "title": "PIL alleges apathy by TN on cyclone shelters", "text": "CHENNAI: Despite the eastern coast, particularly the stretch between Orissa and Tamil Nadu, being cyclone-prone, state governments in the region have done little to put in place disaster management measures, such as shelters and all-weather roads, says a PIL filed in the Madras high court.Had Tamil Nadu and Puducherry completed these safety structures by the deadline of December 31, 2010, the recent Cyclone Thane would not have killed 46 people, the PIL, filed by advocate M Vetri Selvan, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "11455386", "title": "Maoists breach security cover", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Despite a massive security cover in the Vizag Agency in the last one week in the wake of the legislators' study tour, Maoists cocked a snook at police by pasting wall posters, tying banners and distributing leaflets in some hamlets and villages on the Chintapalli-Paderu stretch on Wednesday demanding scrapping of bauxite mining project. Sources said the Korukonda area committee rebels moved freely in the villages and pasted the posters and tied the banners demanding that the government cancel the MoUs with corporate firms to mine bauxite in the area. They wanted the legislators, who camped in the Agency for three days, to pass a resolution to call off the mining project.Taking potshots at the first-time MLAs and MLCs for camping in Araku Valley, the rebels said people don't need study tours but want development that doesn't destroy their homes. Maoists also issued a warning to `police informers' to change their mindset and threatened them with dire consequences if they continued to help cops.More than 3,000 security personnel were deployed for providing security to the MLAs, who concluded their tour on Wednesday. In fact, a large number of police force was deployed on Narsipatnam-G K Veedhi ghat road for the chief minister's visit to G K Veedhi where he was scheduled to visit and call on tribal welfare minister Balaraju whose mother passed away. However, the CM's tour was cancelled.Maoists had damaged a forest checkpost at Lothugedda in Chintapalli mandal a day before the MLAs landed in Araku.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11455652", "title": "Youth jailed for rape bid on 12-year-old", "text": "CHENNAI: Mahalir Court (women's court) awarded six years' rigorous imprisonment to a 22-year-old man along with a total fine of 30,000 on Wednesday. He was charged with attempting to rape a 12-year-old girl. The special judge, R Sethumadhavan, ordered that an amount of 25,000 from the fine be awarded to the victim.The accused, Madan alias Vasanthakumar, lived across the road from the girl's house. In 2008, Madan tried to rape the girl when she was alone at home. While passing orders, the judge observed that the court was not inclined to show any leniency after hearing his submission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11457566", "title": "Clinton welcomes Sherry Rahman as Pakistan ambassador to US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has welcomed Pakistan's ambassador designate to the US Sherry Rehman as they held their first meeting and discussed various bilateral issues.\"The Secretary (of State) was pleased to welcome Pakistan's appointed Ambassador, Sherry Rehman, to Washington. They discussed the importance of our two countries recommitting to working together on areas of common interest,\" State Department spokesperson Laura Lucas said.\"The Department looks forward to further interactions with the appointed ambassador after she presents her credentials at the White House ,\" Lucas said after the Clinton-Rahman meeting at the Foggy Bottom headquarters of the State Department.Rehman, whose appointment comes at a time when Pakistan-US relations are at an all-time low, is expected to present her credential to US President Barack Obama on January 18.On Tuesday, Rehman met the Special US Representative for Pakistan and Afghanistan Marc Grossman. She also presented her ambassadorial credentials to the State Department's Under Secretary for Political Affairs Wendy Sherman.A confidant of President Asif Ali Zardari , she replaces Husain Haqqani, who had to resign following the revelation of the \"memo gate\" scandal.This will be the first time that the two top diplomats from India and Pakistan to the US are women. Nirupama Rao is the Indian Ambassador to the US.Earlier in the day, State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland told reporters that the issue of Haqqani might come up during the meeting.\"I would guess that she (Clinton) probably will make some of the same points that you've heard us make here, that we expect him to be treated in a manner that is consistent with the Pakistani constitution, with international standards of jurisprudence. She may also make clear we expect him to be safe and secure during this process,\" Nuland said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11459726", "title": "30-year-old woman hit by bus, suffers back injury", "text": "NASHIK: Even as the traffic police are observing the annual Road Safety Week, a woman was injured at the Nashik Road bus stand, when a driver was reversing a bus recently.The injured woman, Julie Sarode (30), has been admitted to the Nashik Road Multi-Specialty Hospital, A complaint has been registered at the Nashik Road police station against the bus driver on Wednesday.Sarode, who has been brought up by her maternal uncle in Nashik Road, had come to Nashik for Christmas celebrations. On January 2, she was leaving for her home at Devlali Davra, in Rahuri of Ahmednagar district, where she stays with her husband.While she was feeding her one-year-old child on the steps of the bus stand, driver Dattu Gire, who was reversing the bus, accidently hit her. Her maternal sister Rita, managed to pull the child away. Julie's backbone has been injured and the child received some bruises on his thigh.Sarode's maternal aunty Ranjana Salve said, \"We initially rushed her to the Municipal Corporation Hospital at Nashik Road but since the hospital did not have the required facility, we had to take her to a private hospital.\"Ranjana Salve said, \"We are running from pillar to post to cover expenses. The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) authorities have said that they would provide compensation but right now we do not have money for the daily medical expenses.\"The medical staff at the private hospital said that they will have to shift her somewhere else as the victim would not be able to bear the expenses of the hospital. Julie's family members say her backbone has been severely damaged. Her intestines too have been damaged. As of now, they are making rounds at the MSRTC office to see if they could get some aid.Officials at the Nashik Road bus stand said that the infrastructure at the bus stand is in a pathetic condition. \"The stand is too small to handle so many buses,\" said the officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11457401", "title": "A song and dance about everything rhythm divine", "text": "The chorus of sweet voices rising from classrooms of Sangit Mahabharati in Juhu breeds more than musical technique. A lineup of small kids greet their guru once they finish their lesson and head out into the world of academia, more sensitised to art and culture than their peers.Mumbai has an abundance of options for children in theatre, music and dance. Stalwarts like Pt Hariprasad Chaurasia, Nayan Ghosh and Suresh Wadkar run gurukuls and music schools, encouraging children as little as six and seven to seek their calling in the classical arts.Actor Kajol, who has two young children , advocates the gainful use of leisure time for the young generation. She recalls her own childhood with fond nostalgia. \"I remember how much I used to play with my cousins,\" she says. \"Now we live in very competitive times and it reflects in what children do in their leisure. They hardly consider outdoor games or the arts, they merely sit in front of the TV or computer.\" Kajol believes parents need to organize their kids' lives a little more 'in balance' . \"I make sure my daughter Nysa gets lots of physical and mental exercise.Last summer I put her into ballet class, now she has taken up gymnastics. Most importantly , she loves to read, which in itself teaches her so much.\"A new generation of parents is seeking out creative leisure options for their young. The National Centre for the Performing Arts (NCPA) has a full calendar of events for children under various heads including music, dance and drama. \"Our annual Summer Fiesta is a month-long festival where we host 30 events related to children's films, workshops and plays,\" says Khushroo N Suntook , chairman of the NCPA. Last May, the festival drafted Naseeruddin Shah, Amole Gupte and Divya Dutta to interact with the participants. It also initiates children between eight and 12 into Indian classical music under its programme MusiKi.\"In western classical music, we have established the Suzuki Project, introducing players as young as four to the basics of string technique. It provides a solid foundation for their future musical development. We currently have 300 children from nine participating schools, being trained by our international teachers under this project,\" he says. Every two years, the NCPA also organises a concert featuring these kids at the Tata Theatre, providing a much-needed showcase for talent.The suburbs have the advantage of the Prithvi Summertime Festival that drew participants by the score thanks to the untiring efforts of Sanjna Kapoor. Raell Padamsee's workshops are extremely popular as well. \"Other groups and individuals like Akavarious and Jehan Maneckshaw, and young director Shivani Sawant are doing a lot of theatre for children,\" says theatreperson Shaili Sathyu who started a troupe named Gillo two years ago for this target audience. She says, \"At Gillo we strongly focus on content that is Indian and try to produce age-specific work.\"In Matunga, the Sri Shanmukhananda Fine Arts and Sangeetha Sabha is a favourite retreat for students. Vice-president Santhosh Rajan says, \"We have a theatre group for children which has staged four short plays in English and Tamil. We have revived the classical arts in various ways, by teaching them to dance and reciting old folk songs that our grandparents taught us. They look forward to this activity so much that they can barely wait for school to end.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11455024", "title": "JICA funding: Global tender not necessary, says Sreedharan", "text": "KOCHI: India's Metro man E Sreedharan said on Wednesday that entrusting the Kochi Metro project to Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) would not hamper the prospects of getting funds from Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) for the project.He said that JICA wouldn't insist on inviting a global tender for Kochi Metro if DMRC was executing the project. Dismissing reports on JICA's reluctance to provide funds in the absence of global tender as baseless he said, \"I have held discussions with JICA in this regard. DMRC's previous associations with JICA will also add to our credibility,\" he said.Sreedharan said that if Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) was involved in inviting a global tender to finalize consultants, JICA would commit on granting funds after making an assessment of their ability to implement a complex project like Kochi Metro.\"We will also invite global tenders to begin the actual work, and not for the consultancy, which DMRC itself will provide. We are involved in Metro projects at Faridabad, Gurgaon, Noida and other places. DMRC has the technical knowhow and we have proven skills in design, planning, execution, safety trials and safety execution,\" he said.On Maglev technology he said that DMRC was interested in it and had decided to introduce the technology in Delhi Metro. Depending on the performance in Delhi, they would make a suggestion before the Kerala government.Maglev was being used in South Korea and Japan and the Japanese were likely to provide the technology for Kochi Metro project as well, Sreedharan said. \"In case the state government agrees, we will go for a global tender to finalize the technology provider. As of now, we will follow the same technology used in other parts of the country. Kochi Metro will have three coaches and will have 2.8 m width,\" he said.Earlier in the day, Sreedharan inspected the preparatory works and visited the construction site of the North Railway Overbridge and Salim Rajan ROB. He said that the works were delayed owing to the non-cooperation of the Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) and KMRL.He said that cable diversion and water pipe diversion were not being carried out in a time-bound manner and also that the required land had not been handed over to DMRC. Stating that as part of his efforts to ensure timely completion of the work, he would hold a meeting with the KSEB chairman in Thiruvananthapuram.He expressed faith that the works of North ROB and Salim Rajan ROB would be completed within 18 and 15 months respectively. Regarding the remaining preparatory works, which included widening of Banerji road and M G road, the land acquisition was not completed, he said.Sreedharan also said that DMRC had decided to complete the Kochi Metro work in three years, following the request of chief minister Oommen Chandy . The initial plan was to complete it in four years. He also held discussions with Kochi mayor Tony Chammany and Hibi Eden MLA. Both the people's representatives extended their support for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11456372", "title": "Highrise boom precedes economic downturn", "text": "WASHINGTON: Construction of great highrises precedes major economic downturns. A property analyst with Barclay's Capital has contended that a boom in skyscraper construction foreshadows economic bust, and warned that China and India are in for a reality - and realty - check, given how they are reaching for the clouds.Skyscrapers are defined as buildings over 240 meters tall. By that token, China is home to more than half of the world's skyscrapers currently under construction (75 out of around 124). India is a distant second with 14 in the works, but Mumbai will be home to the second tallest structure, 720-meter India Tower, which when completed will be overshadowed only by Dubai's 828-meter Burj Khalifa, the world's tallest building, and will be ahead of the 632-meter Shanghai Tower, according to the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat.But these are not causes for celebration, cautions Barclay's Andrew Lawrence . Having studied the link between highrises and downturns , Lawrence warns in his annual skyscraper index report released this week that China and India may be in for a bust. Over the past 140 years completion of skyscrapers has coincided with periods of economic turmoil such as the Great Depression (which followed construction of New York City's Empire State Building and Chrysler Building (in the 1930s), the economic crisis of 1974 following the completion of World Trade Center complex and Chicago's Sears Towers), and the Asian financial contagion (which came after the Kuala Lumpur's Petronas Towers).\"If history proves to be right, this building boom could simply be a reflection of a misallocation of capital, which may result in an economic correction in the next five years,\" Lawrence wrote in the report, noting that India was playing \"catch-up \" with China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11456584", "title": "Sexual harassment law may soon cover domestic workers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Domestic workers could soon have the right to complain against sexual harassment. The women and child development ministry is likely to review its position and accept the recommendations of a parliamentary panel to include domestic workers within the ambit of the 'Protection of women against sexual harassment at workplace bill'.When asked if domestic workers will be brought within the ambit of the bill, WCD minister Krishna Tirath said, \"We are in favour of inclusion of domestic workers in the sexual harassment bill.\" The ministry is still working on details of how a place of residence will be monitored like an office or institution.The bill provides for a secure working environment for women and mandates setting up of internal committees both in the formal and informal sectors to ensure that complaints are addressed.The ministry's change of stance comes after a parliamentary committee dismissed government's view that there were \"practical difficulties'' in implementation of the law within the confines of a home.Domestic workers comprise 30% of the female workforce in the unorganized sector. There are 47.50 lakh registered domestic workers in the country.Incidentally, the National Commission for Women (NCW) - set up for protection of women's rights which works under the ministry of women and child development - also shared the panel's view. The commission said that reservations of enforcing the provisions of the bill within the privacy of the home were \"unfounded'' as the Domestic Violence Act had broken this myth allowing legal scrutiny and extending protection to the confines of the home.The committee had received representations from several domestic workers associations including 5,000 postcards advocating \"domestic work is work and domestic workers are workers'' for inclusion.The sexual harassment bill was introduced in Lok Sabha on December 7, 2010 and was referred to the standing committee on December 30, 2010. It submitted its report in the winter session last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11455327", "title": "Sidharth Reddy sent to jail", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the High Court reducing his jail term from five to two years, Sidharth Reddy, the accused in Tollywood actress Pratyusha's death, surrendered before the metropolitan sessions judge, Nampally, on Wednesday.P R Narendranath Reddy, the counsel for Sidharth Reddy, told TOI that the latter surrendered and the judge sent him to the Chanchalguda jail. Siddharth was booked under sections 306 (Abetment of suicide) and 309 (Attempt to commit suicide) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).The session's judge had earlier awarded Sidharth five years jail for abetting suicide of Pratyusha and a year for attempting to commit suicide.However, the high court, in its recent judgment, reduced the jail term from five to two years. Sidharth Reddy had allegedly an affair with the budding actress.The lovers, in a suicide pact, consumed poison in February, 2002. However, the actress died while Sidharth Reddy survived.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11456873", "title": "Give us this day our daily hours", "text": "She's mommie nearest and dearest. Hema Sachinand's day begins at 5.30am. The techie has to finish cooking and packing lunch-boxes before her seven-year-old is up at 6.30. Readying him and dropping him for the school bus is all over by 7.45. The next hour is spent on readying herself and heading to work. She is back home at 8 pm. Dinner's done and it's time to crash out. \"The conversation with my child is while I give him a bath and on the way to the school busstop in the morning. Then comes the casual talk at dinner because I want him to go to bed at 9. Else, we catch up during the weekend,\" says the 35-year-old mom.Thousands of moms like Hema spend just three to four hours with their children; often, it is while doing some other tasks. \"Barring weekends, there is no sit-down and talk-time. I know it's dangerous... I carry this guilt that I don't spend enough time. But, then, what's the solution? I console myself by spending enough time during the weekend,\" says Rita Chandran, a senior manager at an HR firm.KIDS NEED IMMEDIATE ATTENTIONBut, then, as psychologist Dr M S Thimmappa puts it: \"Kids feel goodwhen parents hear them then and there. They need attention immediately. Four hours later instead of four minutes now is something the child refuses to accept. They don't understand the logic. And children being children need not understand the logic.\"But there are moms who have chosen other guilt-free paths. Rachna Maniar quit her teaching job after she had a child; Lakshata S. Rohra decided to take up a 9-to-5 job just to be there when her 10-year-old needed her. \"My husband had a roving job and I grew up with working parents. I knew how it is to get back from school to an empty home. I did not want my daughter to go through that. I wanted to be there during her growing years,\" says Rachna.THERE ARE NO HALF-MEASURESAsk any working parent about happiness. No one is happy with the time they spend with their kids. While techies and government officials get a five-day week, giving them two full days to make up for lost time, those working in other professions either live through the guilt or simply give it all up and quit. There are no half-measures. As Ramakrishnan R, a senior executive working with HP , says: \"You could be at home and still not end up spending time with the children. It's all about quality time.\"Suchitra Rao, a senior consultant with Unicef , had to travel every fortnight to supervise projects. \"It was my dream job. But as my son grew up and the studies became more demanding, I had to make a choice.\" Lakshata, who now works with the defence ministry in Bangalore, is candid. \"I decided not to take up any pressure-cooker job. It had to be a 9-to-5 job or home.\"Interestingly, while the guilt does affect the fathers too, it impacts moms more because they have to finely balance work and home. It's this balancing act that shifts the balance of power to the mom in a family. She is the mentor, the mir acle-maa, the mega parent. Until this balance is set right, parenting will still be a mom's first pre serve. And in most cases her only KRA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11454377", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Tamil Nadu on top against Mumbai after Prasanna's ton on Day 2", "text": "MUMBAI: The reason why the entire cricketing world, except India, roots for the Decision Review System ( DRS) is because it takes one umpiring blunder to spoil a great contest. In an age where the game has turned professional, and there is so much at stake, even in domestic cricket, resorting to technology to correct bad decisions isn't such a bad idea.Consider what transpired on Day Two of the Mumbai versus Tamil Nadu Ranji Trophy semifinal match being played at the Wankhede Stadium as an illustration. Mumbai were precariously placed at 14 for two in reply to Tamil Nadu's 359 when their skipper and biggest batting card Wasim Jaffer walked in on Wednesday afternoon.TN captain Laxmipathy Balaji was breathing fire at that stage, having prised out Mumbai's opening duo of Onkar Gurav and Kaustubh Pawar with beautiful deliveries. Just as one looked for a fascinating duel, came the dampener. A Balaji delivery hit Jaffer's inside edge, then the pad and Badrinath at gully made a vain attempt for a catch. Umpire K Hariharan, unfortunately, didn't seem to hear the nick and spontaneously raised his finger to adjudge the batsmen leg before wicket.A stunned Jaffer stood there for a while in sheer disbelief, before trudging back to the pavilion reluctantly. Hariharan, had made the score '1-1' in favour of both the teams as he had earlier given TN batsman Dinesh Karthik out lbw when the ball seemed to have been missing the leg stump.Mumbai, however, were left more hurt, and suffered a freefall after that. Young turk Suryakumar Yadav went gung ho in his usual style, which looks cool but seems foolish the moment he gets out. Yadav had added 47 with Abhishek Nayar to soothe nerves in the Mumbai dressing room before the latter perished to a miscued sweep.Thereafter, much responsibility lied on Yadav, but the young and free-spirited can also be reckless. The 21-year-old chased a Mahesh delivery way outside off stump and keeper Dinesh Karthik gleefully accepted the 'gift.' Yadav's 52 off 57 balls (8x4s) entertained but failed to do much for Mumbai.The innings collapsed like a pack of cards and the 39-time champs were reduced to a sorry 121 for six at close. They need another 89 to avoid the humiliation of a follow-on. The possibility of conceding a huge lead, and with it the title hopes, looms large. Tamil Nadu have lost seven times in the semis, but this time they look to be getting past that jinx.Even Tamil Nadu were surprised by Mumbai's poor show with the bat. Ramaswamy Prasanna, whose 104 turned the game around, admitted that they thought they were \"in for a long day\" when the domestic giants' turn came to bat.Their biggest lesson from this game is likely to be: 'Don't allow the enemy a foot in the door once you have tightened the noose.' Unless a miracle happens, Mumbai are out.Brief ScoresTamil Nadu: 359 (R Prasanna 104, V Yo Mahesh 67; Balwinder Sandhu 5-88, Dhawal Kulkarni 2-91) Mumbai: 121/6 (Suryakumar Yadav 52; Balaji 3-16).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11455973", "title": "Temperature drops as cold wave grips city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The city remained in the grip of a biting coldwave as the minimum temperature dropped to 5 degrees Celsius on Wednesday. Despite clear skies and bright sunshine, people shivered under the impact of coldwave. The bright sunshine increased the maximum temperature to 18 degrees Celsius though the minimum temperature fell three degrees as compared to Tuesday's 8.2 degrees Celsius. The Met office has predicted further decline in the temperature with possibilities of fog on Thursday.Due to bright sunshine, youngsters and even elderly thronged the parks and open grounds. But weather became chillier by evening.\"These conditions are because of heavy snowfall on the higher Himalayas and since these winds, while descending on the northern plains, are full of humidity and are cold, they result in extreme cold conditions which would not improve until the snowfall stops or the northern plains gets winds from the eastern direction,\" said weather expert SS Ojha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454270", "title": "Govt to foot prosthetic bill of blast victims", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government was on Wednesday categorically told by the high court to bear the costs for providing artificial limbs to victims injured in the blast at HC's reception counter in September last year. HC was hearing a PIL filed by a lawyer accusing the state government of red tapism and failure to abide by court directions to provide treatment and relief to blast victims.After hearing the petitioner, a division bench of Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw gave a month's time to the state government to ensure victims are provided with prosthetic limbs through AIIMS. It said the government must foot the bills in case the victims get treated from any hospital other than the AIIMS.The PIL was filed by one Gaurav Bansal seeking a direction to the government to provide prosthetic limbs to the blast victims, including one Vipin Kumar Gautam. Bansal argued Gautam became permanently incapacitated as his left leg had to be amputated following injuries sustained in the blast which killed 17 people and injured over 90 others. Gautam said he had requested deputy commissioner, Delhi government, to provide him the best prosthetic leg. But to-date he was waiting for a response. When he approached AIIMS for an artificial limb, the institution asked him to first pay the bills, leaving him running from pillar to post for the artificial limb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11456270", "title": "Postmortem to be held after Russian\u2019s sister arrives", "text": "PANAJI: Doctors at Goa medical college and hospital (GMC) on Wednesday did not conduct a postmortem on the Russian woman who committed suicide by hanging herself in her room at Mandrem after receiving a message from the Russian consulate that the victim's sister is flying down to Goa for the postmortem.\"The postmortem was scheduled to be conducted at GMC on Wednesday but the Russian consulate representative informed that the victim's sister would be coming to Goa for the postmortem. It will now be conducted only after the sister arrives,\" said police sources.\" Ilena Ivanicheva, 32, who was staying at a guesthouse in Mandrem since December, hanged herself with a nylon rope tied to a window grill. She stood on the window ledge and then jumped with the scarf tied around her neck,\" police said.It is suspected that the woman committed suicide for health reasons. She had painted a graffiti on the room wall, in which she had written in Russian, 'Lord, forgive me for what I have done', police said. The suicide came to light when an acquaintance of the woman went to meet her on Tuesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11456155", "title": "8 special trains for pilgrims on Sankranti", "text": "BHOPAL: West Central Railway will run eight special trains between Bhopal and Hoshangabad from January 13 to 15 in view of heavy rush of pilgrims to Hoshangabad for the holy dip in Narmada river on 'Makar Sankranti.On January 13, first special train will leave Bhopal at 6.25 pm to reach Hoshangabad at 9 pm. Second special train will leave from Hoshangabad at 10pm to reach Bhopal at 11.55 pm the same day.On the January 14, the first train will leave Bhopal at 3.50 am to reach Hoshangabad at 5.30 am. On the same day, a special train from Hoshangabad will leave at 6.30 am to reach Bhopal at 9 am. Third special train will leave Bhopal at 6.25 pm to reach Hoshangabad at 9 pm. Fourth special train will leave Hoshangabad at 10 pm to reach Bhopal at 11.55 pm.On the last day, first special train will leave Bhopal at 3.50 am to reach Hoshangabad at 5.30 am. Second special train will leave Hoshangabad at 6.30 am to reach Bhopal at 9 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11457214", "title": "No formal announcement about the closure of parks", "text": "LUCKNOW: The government has taken unusual step of closing down all the city's parks where chief minister Mayawati's statues have been installed. There are nine such parks in the city dedicated to Dalit icons and built at an estimated cost of Rs 3,500 crore. It was only in October last year that all the parks were thrown open to the public.On Wednesday, the government made no formal announcement about the closure of parks. Initially, it appeared that the parks were closed due to the chaos caused by the presence of labourers and staff, as they were required to drape statues. But that obviously was not the case, though no one was venturing an explanation.The security supervisors at Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar Samajik Parivartan sthal, Gomtinagar, merely informed that all the parks have been closed down till the polls are over. The staff said, they have been told that it's a direction by the EC. However, EC officials denied there were any such directions.The public entry has only been barred in parks that allow ticket-based entry. The premises like Smriti Upvan were open to the public, though journalists were not allowed inside. The government, after covering all the statues, submitted its status report to the Election Commission of India.However, while the statues of Mayawati have been covered at all places with ply-boards, elephants at some of the places were not covered till late Wednesday evening. EC had given a deadline of 5 pm on Wednesday to cover all the statues.The statues of elephants atop pillars were left uncovered at every memorial and park. At Kanshiram Smarak, Jail Road, elephants on fountains were also not covered till late in the evening. The giant jumbos were covered with yellow tarpaulin everywhere.The Manyavar Kanshiram Ji Green Eco Garden at VIP Road, Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar Samajik Parivartan Sthal, Gomtinagar and Smriti Upvan, ashiana, presented a similar picture where elephants on pillars and fountains were not covered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11461629", "title": "I'd love to meet Lady Gaga: Shazahn Padamsee", "text": "Shazahn Padamsee feels the singer has a unique style that nobody would dare try.What's your favourite bathroom number? Yellow by Coldplay.When do you listen to music? In my car.What kind of music do you like listening to? House and alternative rock.What musical instrument do you play or like to learn &amp; why? I learned the guitar for a few years, and it was a lot of fun.Your favourite singer I'll say it's Taylor Swift.A song that holds special meaning for you and why? Careless Whispers by George Michael, as I grew up hearing my mom sing it.One song that always puts you in a good mood Amazing by George MichaelWhat's playing on your mp3 player at the moment? Loca People by Sak NoelA music icon you would love to meet and why? Lady Gaga , because she has her own unique style that nobody else would ever dare to try.Music to you is... FreedomThe one voice that speaks to me is... Taylor SwiftThe song that you work out to? Where Them Girls by David GuettaThe song/album that you cry to? Wire Daises' self-titled album, as the music makes me poignant.The song/album that makes you nostalgic and why? The album Mercury Falling by Sting as my cousins and I grew up listening to this album.If I could, I would like to sing a duet with... My mother, Sharon Prabhakar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11455722", "title": "TN was not prepared for cyclone: PIL", "text": "CHENNAI: Despite the eastern coast, particularly the stretch between Orissa and Tamil Nadu, being the most cyclone-prone expanse, states in the region have done little to put in place disaster management measures like shelters and all-weather roads.As per Section 6 of the Disaster Management Act 2005, the National Disaster Management Authority was required to take all measures to prevent disaster or mitigate suffering of victims and to be prepared to face disasters. The last date to keep these facilities ready in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry was December 31, 2010.Had the two states completed safety structures by the deadline, cyclone 'Thane' would not have killed 46 people, said a public interest litigation filed by advocate M Vetri Selvan in the Madras high court.Since December 25, 2011 continuous warnings were issued by Indian Meteorological Department about the progress of 'Thane' and its intensification was monitored and reported regularly. In spite of warnings, the two states failed to act in accordance with guidelines, he said, adding, \"on account of the failure of the governments to take any preventive measures, 46 people lost their lives.\" The PIL wanted the court to direct authorities to keep preventive measures ready within a time frame.Advocate M Radhakrishnan, counsel for the petitioner, submitted that as per guidelines of the act, Tami Nadu and Puducherry government, as also the Centre, should have completed cyclone-resistant shelters, coastal embankments and cattle mounds along the entire cyclone-prone area in the two states by December 31, 2010.The authorities ought to have commenced the work in 2008-09, the PIL said, adding, \"The governments of Tamil Nadu and Puducherry have not so far drawn up any plan for cyclone shelters or road links for coastal habitations.\"After hearing counsel, the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam directed Tamil Nadu government to restore electricity in cyclone-hit Cuddalore expeditiously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11454429", "title": "Absconding Murder accused , who escaped Sassoon, held in Solapur", "text": "PUNE: A runaway murder accused was arrested by the crime branch at Barshi in Solapur on Wednesday.Santosh Shivaji Rashinkar, 32, is a suspect in the murder of cable operator Suresh Waghmare in Bibvewadi on June 9, 2010. Rashinkar had escaped from the Sassoon hospital in 2011.Rashinkar was arrested on June 10, 2010 and was lodged at the Yerawada central prison. On April 28, 2011, he was taken to Sassoon after he complained of piles. Taking advantage of the large crowd, he ran away.On Wednesday, Satish Govekar, the police inspector of the anti-dacoity squad, received a tip-off that Rashinkar was staying at Barshi with his family. \"We laid a trap and nabbed him on Wednesday. He was handed over to the Bund Garden police station,\" Govekar said.Govekar said that after escaping from the hospital, Rashinkar went around the country, including Tirupati. \"He tried to get a room on rent in Solapur, but could not get it. He then went to Barshi and settled down,\" Govekar said. He got his family to Barshi and started working as a commission agent for old and used cars.The investigating team comprised constables Santosh Jagtap, Najir Patel, Chetan Mundhe and Sagar Jadhav.eom/mt", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "club road", "code": "11455774", "title": "Celebrations get 'fair' share", "text": "CLUB ROAD: Sunny Wednesday was just perfect for members of Lakshmi Ladies Club who celebrated Lohri on the club lawn.Flying kites, lighting the traditional bonfire, enjoying dance performances while sipping coffee and relishing snacks, the members enjoyed a day full of fun and merriment. But, they also spent some solemn moments thinking about their attitude towards daughters as the celebration's theme was 'Save the girl child'.The members had prepared a special dance performance, taking a stand against female foeticide and sharing the need to improve sex ratio in Ludhiana. The dance encouraged members to treat girls and boys equally and to celebrate the the birth of a daughter in the same way they celebrate when a son is born.The celebrations started with a bonfire with all the members throwing 'rewadi' and peanuts into the fire and praying for the well being of their families. Going back to their childhood memories, some women tried kite flying.The choreography, which was based on the celebration's theme of saving the girl child, presented the various stages of a girl's life. The final message was that there is no shame or harm in celebrating Lohri for daughters.Appreciating the performance, members said as time is changing, girls have proved they are not inferior in anyway to men. \"I believe girls should be given equal status in society because they are moving ahead in all fields whether sports, education or other professions,\" said Shammi Bindra, president of club.Businesswoman Namrata Singhaniya, a resident of Green Park, said, \"The choreography gave a very good message because it is essential for society to change and it will be possible only when we address the issue and join our efforts. It is evident that change is already on its way since some residents have started celebrating the festival for their first daughters. Soon many more people will follow suit.\"Another resident of Green Park, homemaker Neeta Sood said daughters are much better than boys because they care for two families and adjust with every situation. \"Lohri is basically celebrated to mark harvest season but a family's happiness is incomplete without a daughter so people should understand the importance of girls,\" said Neeta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11456481", "title": "India welcomes Bangladeshi participation in power projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: India said on Wednesday that participation of Bangladesh in power projects in India, particularly in the north-eastern states adjoining Bangladesh, would be welcome. It said in a statement that such joint ventures in the power sector involving the two countries would also facilitate the evacuation of power from north-eastern India to Bangladesh and through Bangladesh into other parts of India.\"India has a liberal policy permitting 100% foreign direct investment in respect of projects relating to electricity generation, transmission and distribution,\" MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said. The remarks come at a time when Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina is on a two-day visit to Tripura.He said the details of such cooperation can be discussed at the forthcoming meeting of the Steering Committee on Power held at the level of secretaries between the two countries. He said that during Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's September 2011 visit to Bangladesh, the two countries had agreed to promote trans-border cooperation in the management of shared water resources, hydropower potential and eco-systems and in the area of connectivity.\"It was also agreed that arrangements for cooperation in the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity, including electricity from renewable or other sources, would be established,\" Akbaruddin said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11456835", "title": "Real estate regulator to ensure transparency: Kumari Selja", "text": "NEW DELHI: A real estate regulator will enforce public disclosure and bring in much needed transparency and accountability in the sector and there is overwhelming support for setting up such an entity, housing and urban poverty alleviation minister Kumari Selja said on Wednesday.Speaking at the National Consultation on the Draft Real Estate (Development and Regulation) Bill, the minister said the fast track dispute resolution mechanism is expected to speed up delivery of justice, which would further augment credibility, and facilitate larger investments in the sector in the long run.She said regulators in the key sectors such as power, telecom, banking, insurance and others have boosted growth in these sectors. The minister said the Real Estate Regulation and (Development) Bill 2011 also attempts at building confidence within investor and clients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11455114", "title": "Cold-shouldered by AP, IRRI heads for Bihar", "text": "HYDERABAD: In what is not good news for Andhra Pradesh a day before the Partnership Summit is slated to kick off in the city, news has reached the Acharya NG Ranga Agricultural University (Angrau) that lack of aggressive selling by the state government has led the Manila-based International Rice Research Institute (IRRI) to opt for Bihar capital Patna to set up its research facility.Sources in Angrau told TOI that the international institute was in the final stages of inking a deal with the Nitish Kumar government. \"The approach of Bihar and AP were in complete contrast. While the Bihar chief minister wooed the institute aggressively, Kiran Kumar Reddy showed no interest at all in having the research facility located in Hyderabad despite IRRI being very keen on AP as its first choice,\" said the sources.IRRI had wanted to locate its second facility for rice research after Manila in Hyderabad because it has many partners in the state. Almost a year ago, in a letter to Kiran Kumar Reddy, IRRI director general Robert S Zeigler said the institute's decision to open a research facility in Hyderabad was influenced by the outstanding campus of Angrau and the world class nature of Hyderabad city. \"We have a number of partners in the city including the Directorate of Rice Research (DRR), Barwale Foundation, Indian Foundation Seed and Services Association, and International Crop Research Institute for Semi-arid Tropics (Icrisat),\" Zeigler said.In fact, IRRI was so hopeful about cooperation from the state that Zeigler flew down to Hyderabad last year to meet the chief minister. However, even after a two-day wait, the IRRI DG could not get an appointment with Kiran Kumar Reddy and had to fly back disappointed.After that, Bihar intensified its efforts to take the institute to Patna. Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar then entrusted the job of securing the IRRI research facility to scientist Mangal Rai, former DG of Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR). \"With the aim of launching a second green revolution in the state, Nitish Kumar has created an agriculture cabinet with 17 departments for which Mangal Rai is the advisor.Setting up the IRRI research facility in Bihar is one of the initiatives launched by the new agriculture cabinet. Like Andhra Pradesh, Bihar is also an important rice growing state of India and is believed to have more area under the rice crop than Andhra Pradesh. However, the infrastructure available at Angrau made the IRRI prefer Andhra Pradesh over Bihar.Sources in the state government, however, contented that the IRRI was asking for too much. \"Like a corporate they demanded several facilities which we were not willing to give. If they want to go to Bihar, we have no problem,\" sources in the government told TOI. Apart from 80 acres of land in Angrau, IRRI wanted the state to construct the research facility, a training centre, a state-of-the-art Molecular Breeding Facility (MRB). Once the state sets up these, IRRI wanted to pump in about Rs 90 crore per annum for the operational expenses of the research facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11455640", "title": "Gopal\u2019s bail plea to be heard today", "text": "CHENNAI: Hearing two different cases relating to the Tamil bi-weekly Nakkeeran and its editor R R Gopal, the Madras high court on Wednesday directed the authorities to restore electricity and water, among other essential utilities, to the magazine's premises by January 14. The court also said it would pass orders on his anticipatory bail in the case relating to the publication of an article about chief minister Jayalalithaa .In the morning, when the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam took up Gopal's petition seeking security for himself, his family, staff and properties, advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan said the state government was not out to take revenge on the editor. While the electricity connection has already been restored, water supply was not at all disconnected, he said.The judges said, \"we hope and trust that all facilities and amenities including electricity and water will be restored by January 14.\"In the afternoon, Gopal's anticipatory bail was taken up for hearing by Justice M M Sundresh. During arguments, the judge observed that the magazine editor ought to have a line and that the contents of the article in question could not be justified.I Subramanian, senior counsel and public prosecutor of Tamil Nadu, said Gopal did not deserve a special relief such as anticipatory bail, as he had been committing the offence consciously.Gopal's senior counsel N R Elango denied violation of any court orders, and said he was not justifying the article. \"What is in accordance with law, they will have to face the consequences for the offence. I will advice him about his future conduct,\" he said.Noting that the magazine had been slapped with 24 cases so far, Elango said every superintendent of police in districts receives a complaint and register an FIR. The judge then said he would deliver judgment on the matter on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11455876", "title": "ATS seizes brown sugar worth 50 lakh; 3 held", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Anti-Terrorist Squad (ATS) of Gujarat police on Tuesday seized a brown sugar consignment of 495 gram. Three persons have been arrested in this regard. The cops say that the contraband is worth Rs 50 lakh in the international market.Deputy inspector general (DIG) of police, ATS, Manoj Shashidharan, received a tip-off about brown sugar and other narcotic substances being smuggled into the city. Based on the intelligence, inspector K D Pandya of ATS maintained surveillance over a bus terminus in Naroda as the modus operandi of drug smugglers is to enter the city from Madhya Pradesh and get down at Naroda.On Monday, the cops found out that three people, namely Mansi Gapara, Shivji Purasia, Bhupatsinh Raghuvanshi - all residents of Naroda - had reached the city with a consignment. \"The drug smugglers posed as dry cleaners and laundrymen to evade suspicion,\" said an ATS official.On Tuesday evening, the cops received information that the trio had left home on a motorbike to deliver the contraband to drug peddlers in the city. Sometime later, ATS officials raided a shop at Gopal Society in Naroda where the trio had gathered. The cops arrested Mansi, Shivji and Bhupatsinh.At a cursory glance, the trio was not carrying anything suspicious with them. But when the cops searched them, they found pouches containing brown sugar hidden inside the lining of their winter jackets.The trio confessed during the interrogation that they used to get consignments regularly from Mandsaur in Madhya Pradesh. They used to supply contraband to drug peddlers in the city. Deputy superintendent of police, ATS, RT Susra, said: \"One of our teams is going to MP. We are also hunting for drug peddlers linked to these three in Ahmedabad.\"Youth held with illegal firearmsDasrath Chauhan, a resident of Rudra Green flat, was nabbed for possessing illegal firearms. Chauhan was nabbed by ATS inspector M F Chaudhary who raided his residence on the basis of a tip-off. Two country-made pistols were recovered along with six cartridges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11455206", "title": "Woman software designer stabbed to death in PG", "text": "GURGAON: A trainee software designer of a leading private firm in the city was found murdered on Wednesday in her rented house in DLF-III. She had received multiple injuries on her neck, head and other parts of her body.Police have recovered the knife that was used to kill the native of Kerala, who had come to the city searching for a job eight months ago. The deceased, identified as Cinci Sebastian (23), was living in a PG accommodation in U block. Her body with five wounds was found in her room around 2pm on Wednesday.\"The murderer has left no clue. But we suspect someone known to the victim could be involved in this murder. Our teams are ionvestigating,\" said Maheshwar Dyal, DCP (East). Initially, Cinci used to live at her aunt's house in the same colony. She soon got a job as a trainee software engineer with a private firm in Udyog Vihar IV. Police said that later she had shifted to the PG accommodation.Police said Cinci was alone in her room on Tuesday as the two friends she used to live with were out. One of the friends, an air hostess, had left on Tuesday for Rajasthan, her native place, said a neighbour. The other was also not present on Tuesday night when the incident is supposed to have happened.According to police, the victim did not report for work and so her two subordinates came looking for her. They found Cinci's room was locked from inside. They called Cinci's aunt and the landlord. Finally, they broke open the door with the help of neighbours only to find her body covered in blood near the dining table. \"Usually she would call me when she returned from work. On Tuesday, I did not receive any call from her,\" said Abija, the victim's aunt. Kailash Chand, SHO of DLF II police station said that they have informed the victim's family based in Thiruvananthapuram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "11455372", "title": "No hasty decision on bauxite mining: CM", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Allaying the fears of tribals, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy said his government would not take any hasty decision on the bauxite mining project. He said the government would discuss the issue with all the stakeholders involved in the project and hold elaborate discussions in the assembly before taking any decision.The chief minister told news persons here on Wednesday that the government would not rush through the project without taking the tribals into confidence. He said the government would develop roads and horticulture in and around the Araku Valley.Ridiculing TDP president Chandrababu Naidu and YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy's rythu deekshas, he said that they were only shedding crocodile tears for farmers.On the proposed expansion of his cabinet, Kiran said it would take place soon. Asked about Chiranjeevi's announcement that one of his MLAs would be sworn in as minister on January 19, Kiran smiled and said: \"Wait and watch.\"Earlier, Kiran's tour to Araku in the morning was cancelled due to poor visibility and inclement weather. He was scheduled to visit Araku to participate in the concluding session of MLAs' study tour. The CM came here at 9.45 am and waited for two hours before the officials finally advised him against the trip by a chopper.Earlier, passengers of Spice Jet flight, including Lok Satta Party president Jayaprakash Narayan, went through some tense moments as the plane hovered in the sky for half an hour over Visakhapatnam airport in the morning for landing clearance. Finally, it landed after the ATC gave the nod.The torrential rain that lashed in south coastal Andhra created havoc in Araku too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460268", "title": "E-voters\u2019 list to be published on January 12", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) will publish the e-voters' list on January 12. The list was being prepared to check the authenticity of voters' names that have been provided in the mother roll by the chief election commissioner's office.\"We have completed the ward-wise rolls and have tallied it with the mother roll. We will invite objections from voters on January 17. By January 23, we will submit the final list to the chief election commissioner. Bogus names in the voters' list will be tallied between January 17 and 23,\" informed deputy municipal commissioner (administration) Deepak Kasar. \"As of now, the NMC has identified 1,285 bogus names of the 9,54,449 voters. The NMC is expecting nearly 70,000 more bogus names,\" he said.The e-voters' list will not only help in maintaining transparency by checking bogus names but will also ensure maximum voters turn-out from urban Nashik, feel NMC officials. NMC officials have been trained with the new software that has been created by Ultimate Services, Mumbai for the e-yadi management programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11454449", "title": "\u2018Running part of people\u2019s bucket list before they die\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 20% of the runners who will be attempting to complete the 42.2km distance in the Standard Chartered Mumbai Marathon on Sunday will be over 45 years of age.\"You have better discipline to pursue an activity like running,\" points out Pravin Gaikwad, a doctor who also happens to be an aspiring triathlete.K C Kothandapani, a former Indian Air Force captain, who can stop the clock at 3 hours 40 minutes in a full marathon, adds a word of caution, \"Recovery is where age becomes a factor.\"Kothandapani, who has been running for 30 years, finds his recovery rate is slower when he is older. \"When I was younger, my recovery rate was good enough to allow me to have two training sessions in a day. Now I cannot do it as frequently, many times I have to settle for a single session in a day.\"Ashok Nath, another Bangalore-based runner, who at 48 is capable of running the marathon distance in under three hours, believes running comes late because it is \"part of people's bucket list before they die\".\"Not many who are 45 and over might be competing; many would just be happy to run. I can count my competitors on my fingertips. But for a 45+ man or woman to even run that distance is commendable. It is definitely better than watching your blood sugar and blood pressure monitors all the time,\" says Nath.And yes, amateur runners last longer. \"Many athletes who compete for the top prize in a marathon are much younger and their intense training makes them a spent force by the time they turn 40. In contrast, somebody who takes up running well past his 35th birthday tends to have a longer running life because of his developed habit to take it easy,\" says Nath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11455994", "title": "PDPU asked to return excess fee", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The fee regulatory committee has directed Pandit Deendayal Petroleum University (PDPU) that it should return the excess fee to students and not just promise to address the issue.There has been major controversy over the PDPU fee issue where the students complained to the fee committee that the university charged them Rs 1.5 lakh fee instead of Rs 75,000 as approved by the committee.Following demonstrations by students, the committee directed that PDPU should return the excess fee to students. PDPU instead had said that it will address the issue.Meanwhile, a number of committee members have taken objection to a senior fee committee member attending a presentation on the fee issue given by the PDPU authorities at the GTU campus.Members said that when the issue had assumed such controversial proportions, the member should have avoided going to the presentation as it betrays a bias.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11460272", "title": "Imran asks Zardari to resign, calls for free and fair polls", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Tehreek-e-Insaf party leader Imran Khan has called for a free and fair elections at the earliest possible in Pakistan to resolve the present crisis. Saying that the govt has lost its moral right to govern, politician and former cricketer Imran Khan said that Zardari should resign from the assembly and the government must respect the Supreme Court's order to repeal Zardari's amnesty. He also said that all under the National Reconciliation Ordinance should step down.Khan also said that he was against the army staging any coup in the country and the people of Pakistan were against any sort of dictatorship.Khan said that the government has affected the democracy in the country in the worst manner and the system in the country will not be affected if the present government goes.Khan also said that Prime Minister Gilani was a puppet of President Zardari.Meanwhile, Pakistan's military says the country's army chief has summoned his commanders amid spiking tensions between the armed forces and the civilian government.Military spokesman Maj Muhammad Ali Diyal declined to say what the talks Thursday at army headquarters were about.On Wednesday, the prime minister fired the defense secretary and the powerful military warned of \"grievous consequences\", widening a destabilizing rift between the country's institutions.Relations between President Asif Ali Zardari and the generals have never been good, but have soured dramatically in recent months. Pakistan's army has ruled Pakistan for much of its six-decade existence, and no civilian government has ever completed its term in office.Meanwhile, United States has said it is monitoring the situation in Pakistan and reiterated its commitment to a civilian-led democracy there. The strong statement in support of the civilian government gains significance in the wake of the increased tension between the government led by the President, Asif Ali Zardari, and the Pakistani military led by its Army Chief, Gen Ashfaq Pervez Kayani.This has given rise to speculation of another military coup in Pakistan, which since it gained its independence in 1947 has been ruled by the Army for majority of the years.\"We support a civilian-led government, we have strong relations with the Pakistani military as well, and we want to see the parties work well together - this is a matter for Pakistan to settle.I don't think it's appropriate for the United States to be in the middle of it,\" the State Department spokesperson, Victoria Nuland, told reporters during an off camera news conference on Wednesday.The US Embassy in Islamabad , led by the Ambassador, Cameron Munter , is in constant touch with leaders of Pakistan, she said. \"We continue to have broad contacts with the Pakistani leadership. Ambassador Munter is in country. He's seeing a broad cross-section of people. We have said that we are ready to discuss the parliamentary report when they are ready to discuss it with us,\" Nuland said.Responding to questions on the tension between the Pak army and the civilian government, Nuland said this is an internal matter of Pakistan. \"With regard to some of the press reporting we've seen in recent days it's obviously an internal matter for Pakistan to settle.We are monitoring it. We want to see all parties in Pakistan behave in a manner consistent with Pakistan's constitution, with its democratic processes, civil discourse, et cetera,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454700", "title": "Heritage line under stiff scrutiny", "text": "NEW DELHI: Weeks after it started work on the Central Secretariat-Kashmere Gate line, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) has been asked for clarifications on the corridor by National Monuments Authority (NMA). The corridor will touch several heritage structures, including Dilli Gate and world heritage site Red Fort.\"The clarifications are mostly regarding the instrumentation that will be used for the construction and about the alignment - where the entry and exit points will be,\" said a senior government official. The distance from the heritage sites is also being looked into, said sources.Delhi Metro also had a meeting with Delhi Urban Arts Commission (DUAC) over their phase III project on Wednesday. DUAC chairperson Raj Rewal said the differences between DUAC and DMRC need to be resolved. \"DMRC wants to work in a rapid fashion without taking the requisite permission. But the Arts body's decision cannot be bypassed,'' said Rewal.DMRC officials, meanwhile, said that the meeting ended on a positive note with the Arts body appreciating how DMRC was completing projects on time. The body also said it would recommend that all future Metro projects go underground.The heritage corridor - as the Central Secretariat-Kashmere Gate line is being dubbed - has raised a series of questions. Delhi Metro had a run-in with ASI several weeks ago on the work it had started near Janpath, which the heritage body claimed fell within the prohibited area. DMRC, however, claims that the they are strictly following the heritage act. The heritage line is only awaiting the NMA clearance, which is expected soon, say sources. All the required information has been made available to the body, added the official.NMA had recently sought Delhi Metro's explaination on the protective measures that had been incorporated in the proposed route. The body also asked for assessment reports on the impact of existing Metro projects near other protected monuments like Jantar Mantar, Safdarjung Tomb, Qutub Minar. \"After DMRC provides these clarifications, we can proceed further,'' said an official. A recommendation by the state-level competent authority for a no-objection certificate will also be considered, though the final call will be taken by NMA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460679", "title": "Commuters hit by traffic at Mahamarg bus stand", "text": "NASHIK: Traffic snarls at Mahamarg bus stand have become a nightmare for commuters trying to maneouvre through Mumbai Naka to reach their destination.With an eye on the Simhastha Kumbh Mela in 2014-15, the district administration has been on an infrastructural drive to spruce up the city. After renovating the Nimani bus stand at the cost of Rs 1.25 crore, the district administration plans to develop Mahamarg bus stand. But the catch is that this bus stand falls at the merging point of Mumbai-Agra Highway and old Mumbai-Agra road, creating chaos.Mahamarg bus stand authorities said apart from at least 350 outstation buses arriving and departing from the stand daily, heavy traffic due to vehicles on the highway add to the chaos. Experts also said that there is no scope to widen the old Mumbai-Agra road as it is surrounded by commercial complexes.Nitin Patil, who uses the old Mumbai-Agra road daily, said it was becoming increasingly difficult to commute. \"The chaos is constant at the Mahamarg Bus Stand. Buses are either entering or exiting from the stand all the time. The Mumbai-bound buses, while leaving the bus stand, take a left and within a few meters take a U-turn to cross the lane on the narrow old Mumbai-Agra Road thereby obstructing traffic on both the lanes,\" he said.\"Hawkers, private buses standing nearby, kiosks and the rush of autorickshaws aggravate the problem,\" he added.The city's traffic department reckons that there is hardly any solution to this problem.\"The best idea is to shift the stand from the current place,\" said assistant commissioner of police (traffic) Sanjeev Thakur.\"There is no scope to ease traffic congestion at this location since it is overcrowded. In my view, the Mahamarg bus stand should be shifted towards Garware Point-9-10 kms from the current location. My idea is to shift all the important bus stands to the outer parts of the city to avoid the entry of outstation buses into the city. a stand for buses towards Shirdi-Sangamner can be made at Shinde Palse on Nashik Road and buses for Dhule and Jalgaon can leave from the Panchavati depot,\" he added.Thakur said he has also given letters to the district collector and divisional commissioner about shifting the bus stands but no decision has been taken yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11458329", "title": "Monitoring situation in Pak, committed to democracy : US", "text": "WASHINGTON: The United States has said it is monitoring the situation in Pakistan and reiterated its commitment to a civilian-led democracy there.The strong statement in support of the civilian government gains significance in the wake of the increased tension between the government led by the President, Asif Ali Zardari , and the Pakistani military led by its army chief, Gen Ashfaq Pervez Kayani .This has given rise to speculation of another military coup in Pakistan, which since it gained its independence in 1947 has been ruled by the Army for majority of the years.\"We support a civilian-led government, we have strong relations with the Pakistani military as well, and we want to see the parties work well together - this is a matter for Pakistan to settle.I don't think it's appropriate for the United States to be in the middle of it,\" the State Department spokesperson, Victoria Nuland, told reporters during an off camera news conference yesterday.The US Embassy in Islamabad , led by the Ambassador, Cameron Munter , is in constant touch with leaders of Pakistan, she said.\"We continue to have broad contacts with the Pakistani leadership. Ambassador Munter is in country. He's seeing a broad cross-section of people. We have said that we are ready to discuss the parliamentary report when they are ready to discuss it with us,\" Nuland said.Responding to questions on the tension between the Pak army and the civilian government, Nuland said this is an internal matter of Pakistan.\"With regard to some of the press reporting we've seen in recent days it's obviously an internal matter for Pakistan to settle.We are monitoring it. We want to see all parties in Pakistan behave in a manner consistent with Pakistan's constitution, with its democratic processes, civil discourse, et cetera,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11454443", "title": "Finally, CAT is out of the bag", "text": "NAGPUR: After a long wait, the cat is finally out of the bag with the results of the Common Admission Test (CAT) being declared on Wednesday morning and the smiles on the faces of aspirants were broader than ever before. A majority of the students who appeared for the entrance test in the city have fared decently.\"Most of the candidates could score well because the paper was relatively easier than the previous years. Students have shown expected results. No one really seemed disappointed with their scores,\" said Nihit Mor, director of Career Launcher. One of his students, Shubham Gupta, has touched 99.87 percentile and is one of the highest scorers in the city. \"CAT is considered to be one the toughest examinations and considering this the question papers this year were simpler. The average per cent of the students has gone up. Also, increased number of IIMs is making it easy for students to get into the institutions,\" said Mehul Zunzunwala of TIME.Alnoor Virani scored 90 percentile and was of the opinion that the papers were manageable than previous years. \"This year the paper pattern was slightly changed. Only two sections were to be attempted unlike three in the previous years. 30 questions in each section were to be solved in 70 minutes which was quite an easy task.\"Sagar Chachondia, another candidate who appeared for the CAT said, \"The papers were easier and a few which were difficult were marked pretty flexibly.\"The toppersShubham Gupta99.87%Though he prepared for the entrance in less than a month's time, Shubham, who is working as a management employee in a private firm, managed to complete his portion on time and ace the examination. \"The examination went well but this kind of result was quite unexpected. Now, I am looking forward to pursue IIM from a prestigious institution,\" said a beaming Shubham from Andhra Pradesh. A student of electrical engineering, he has always been good in Mathematics and did not join any coaching classes for the examination. \"As I work for around ten hours daily, I wasn't left with much time in hand. Still, I used to solve mock papers whenever I had spare time,\" he said.Punit Srivastav99.81%\"The examination is not at all tough if one is clear with all the basic concepts,\" said Punit Srivastav, who did his graduation in meteorological engineering and is presently working as operations officer in an oil company. \"I have always believed that the more practice you do the better result you will get. So, I focused more on solving as many online mock test papers as possible and this helped me improve my speed and accuracy,\" he said. Stressing on the importance of reading, he said that it really helps in improving one's language skills and reading speed. \"It is very important to be a good reader to crack such examinations,\" he said.Ashish Himthani99.80%Working as a software engineer in a private firm, he put in all his efforts while preparing for the examination and was expecting a good result. \"My concepts were already clear so I used to spend maximum of my time in solving papers and attempting different types of questions,\" he said. A graduate in electronics engineering, Ashish used quite a simple strategy while studying the heavy course. \"First, I used to find out my weak areas and difficult problems and then worked on them. The best strategy is hard work as there is no substitute to it\" he said. It took him six months to prepare for the examination.Paras Agarwal99.69%\"This examination is all about preparations and persistent hard work,\" said Paras Agarwal, a final year student of Computer Science. Though he had a tough time struggling between college studies and entrance preparation, it was his positive attitude that motivated him to never give up. \"I wasn't left with much time because of daily workload of assignments and studies. Still I figured out a routine for myself and did maximum preparation in last four months. I have now realized the importance and benefits of time-management,\" he said. He added that knowledge which he gained over the years also helped him in cracking the examination. He has already got a call from IIM Ahmadabad to pursue the management course.Sanket Deshpande92.5%He is physically handicapped and cannot stand on his legs but this did not stop him from cracking one of the toughest entrances ever. Sanket met with an accident around five years ago and since then he has been fighting against all odds and did not let his physical disability create a hindrance in his successful life. He is also working as a software engineer in a private firm and spent most of his non-working hours preparing for the examination. \"It was difficult to sit and study continuously for long hours due to my disability. Apart from that, it also created a mental disturbance but the support and positive attitude shown by my family always strengthened me,\" he said. He has received a call from IIM Kozhikode for the admission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11454828", "title": "ACDs could have averted Sahibganj mishap, says official", "text": "PATNA: A senior official of Railway Board while expressing shock over the collision of New Delhi-bound Brahmaputra Mail with a stationary goods train near Sahebganj under Malda division of Eastern Railway (ER) early in the morning on Wednesday, in which five passengers were killed and nine others injured, said though the matter would be probed by a competent authority, prime facie it appeared that violation of safety rules led to the mishap.\"Had the staff on duty been alert, the mishap would not have occurred. The mishap could have been averted had anti-collision devices (ACDs) been installed on all vulnerable routes. ACDs are the only foolproof safety measure in hostile weather condition leading to poor visibility,\" the railway official said.Railway minister Dinesh Trivedi had earlier expressed serious concern at the inordinate delay in implementation of ACD project across the country. He had directed the officials concerned to expedite installation of ACDs on top priority in all vulnerable zones of railways in the larger interest of railways and passengers, sources said. The newly-developed ACD is a microprocessor-based device. It is fitted with facilities of fast communication, GPS-enabled compact device and self-deducing capability equipment. It is so sensitive that it can sense any object lying on tracks from about a distance of one kilometre, sources said .The main objective of installing ACDs is to check collisions in block sections. ACDs have, of late, been tested on Katihar-Guwahati-Dibrugarh-Ledo section of North East Railway. The railways would install it at all vulnerable places in southern Railway, South Central and South Western zone to check recurrence of collisions on tracks, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ayub bachchu is supposed to be in town on january 14 to record a number in debaditya's \"8", "code": "11458999", "title": "Ayub Bachchu to visit Kolkata", "text": "Ayub Bachchu is supposed to be in town on January 14 to record a number in Debaditya's \"8:08 er Bonga Local\".Says the director, \"I have had a word with Ayub Bachchu and he told me that he would be free on this date. We worked things out and in all probability, he will be in Kolkata on January 14. I am happy that he could be a part of my film and everything fell into place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11461406", "title": "Nashik group to lead trade associations across Maharashtra", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) is all set to spearhead a movement of industry associations across the state in sorting out woes involving power, pollution, octroi, taxation and industrial policy.This was decided at a meeting of industrial associations held on Tuesday . In its leadership position, NIMA will interact with agencies like the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB), the Maharashtra State Electricity Development Company Ltd (MSEDCL) and the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) to highlight industrial woesand seek redressal of its problems.\"Industrial associations debate on various state-level questions. Everyone gives a different opinion and the government takes its advantage. As a result, policy decision is not taken in favour of the associations. Considering this, NIMA had called a state-level meeting of statewide industry associations with an aim to have same opinion, representation and circulation by all trade associations regarding the issues pertaining to MPCB, MSEDCL, MIDC, octroi, taxation and new industrial policy,\" Dhananjay Bele, president, NIMA, told TOI.The industry association meeting was attended by the representatives of statewide associations from Aurangabad, Nashik, Kalyan, Solapur, Kolhapur, Dhule, Jalgaon, Sangali and Ichalkaraji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454637", "title": "Shastri\u2019s death anniversary forgotten like an old file", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 46th death anniversary of our second prime minister passed by without the country taking notice on Wednesday. There were no commemorative advertisements or large public events for Lal Bahadur Shastri, no string of red-beaconed cars at his memorials next door to 10, Janpath, and at Vijay Ghat. The event seemed to have slipped the government's mind but a 10-line commemorative note placed in TOI by an ardent follower showed that some in the public remembered.The staff at the Lal Bahadur Shastri Memorial said no government representative had attended the prayer meeting at Vijay Ghat on Wednesday morning. As for the bungalow-turned-museum, they said parking restrictions in the area made it practically out of bounds for the public.TOI found the property brimming with Shastri memorabilia that offers a glimpse into the daily life of the diminutive leader who derived strength from his integrity and simplicity. Ram Pher, the caretaker, fondly pointed out a white Fiat 1100 that Shastri bought with a Rs 5,000 loan from Punjab National Bank . \"When his loan was approved in just a few minutes, Shastri-ji said the common man should have the same privileges,\" recalled Pher.The kitchen still has a chulha (earthen stove) and the family's stainless steel utensils reflecting the late PM's love for simple things. A tiny silver vessel by the side of his wife Lalita Shastri's glass bangles is intriguing. \"When Shastri-ji was in jail during Satyagraha, he asked his wife to drink milk to remain healthy. She had no money, so she drank milk in this to honour his wish.\"PN Malhotra, who placed the tribute in TOI, said his memories of Shastri were from his own teens. \"I saw him from a distance when I was 15 or 16,\" said the former assistant commissioner of police who retired in 2007. Malhotra said he became Shastri's ardent fan after reading his biographies. \"He was a great person with a low profile. He played a major role in the resolution of the Indo-Pak war of 1965. Almost everyone knows about his role in our freedom struggle too. I followed him because I liked his humility,\" said Malhotra, who attended Shastri's funeral in 1966. He has also attended all the prayer meetings on Shastri's death anniversary since then.Malhotra got some 300 calls and 65 messages from readers on Wednesday. Other followers came down from different parts of the country to pay their respects. \"I am a farmer. I started banana cultivation in Punjab, which is predominantly a wheat and maize growing state. These ideas are from Shastri's values. We involve youngsters in crop diversification and tell them about Shastri's works,\" said Mewa Singh, a member of Lal Bahadur Shastri Social Forum in Punjab, who was accompanied by a few more forum members.The visitors talked about the relevance of Shastri's ideas in the light of Anna Hazare's recent campaign. \"Shastri was responsible for the setting up of CBI. Today, when we are talking about Anna's campaign, he should be remembered for his views on corruption,\" said Sushil Malhotra, another member.\"It's difficult for me to say why no remembrance notes were published this time. It is very unfortunate. There should a formal remembrance effort. But he has been remembered by people,\" said Shastri's son and Congress leader Anil Shastri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11454213", "title": "Builder held for cheating and forgery", "text": "MUMBAI: A local developer was arrested by the Dindoshi police on Monday for cheating and forgery. Kanhaiyalal Mistry, the accused, has been remanded in police custody till January 13 by a metropolitan court. Mistry was arrested on the basis of a complaint filed by Malad resident Meena Thakkar.Police said, Thakkar had bought a chawl at Manchubhai Road in Malad (East) from Shantaben Mehta. On September 21, 2007, Mehta died. Thakkar later discovered that a portion of the chawl had been constructed without authorization by the builder (Mistry).\"Mehta had entered into a contract with Mistry for constructing eight rooms. But he developed 14 rooms instead. Thakkar lodged a complaint of cheating against him in May 2010,\" said senior inspector V Kakade.Investigations showed that Mistry had forged Mehta's signature and prepared an affidavit on April 26, 2008, which she could not have have signed as she had died by then. He produced the forged document before the BMC and the court for matters concerning the unauthorized construction.After a detailed probe, the police arrested Mistry on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11454614", "title": "City QRT gets bullet-proof vehicle", "text": "NAGPUR: City police's Quick Response Team (QRT) got bolstered with the addition of an armoured vehicle to its fleet. The bullet-proof vehicle, which reached Nagpur earlier this week, would shortly be pressed into action after the formalities are completed with the city Regional Transport Office (RTO).The vehicle is also learnt to be strong enough to withstand firings from AKs and also safeguard from grenades. Designed in sleek shape, the vehicle can be pressed into action in a terrorist-affected zone where faster movements is required in smaller spaces. It can also zoom through crowd, if required, apart from ability to be manoeuvered in congested places. Four personnel can be accommodated in the vehicle.\"This vehicle can be used to take the commandos right in the middle of the action during a terrorist attack. It can also reach the commandos at vantage points from where they can fire upon enemies from close quarters,\" said an official.Smaller gaps are provided near the doors on the either side of the bullet-proof which shall enable QRT commandos to fire outside spotting their targets through the glass windows.The QRT units of Thane, New Mumbai, Nasik city and Pune also got such bullet-proof vehicles to add teeth to their anti-terrorist squads. The well-equipped and sophisticated units of QRTs were raised in every police unit of the state of Maharashtra post-26/11 tragedy.Though presence of bullet-proof vehicles were made mandatory in the fleet of vehicles meant for the squad when it was ideated, the measure took more than three years now to get materialized for the main metros of the state apart from Mumbai.The local QRT at present has two light vans and a four-wheeler for transporting the commandos and weapons. While one of the QRT vehicle is deployed near RSS headquarter, another is parked at Control room. More than half-dozen QRT vehicles are being used by the senior officials since last couple of years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11453615", "title": "Rush of approvals in PCMC before poll code", "text": "PUNE: The standing committee of Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation went into an overdrive sanctioning over a 100 proposals not listed on the agenda just before the election code of conduct came into force.The haste with which the resolutions were approved reflects how both the civic administration and the corporators approved 'development works' a few weeks before the elections. On January 3, when the election code of conduct came into force in the afternoon, the standing committee took up as many as 68 proposals. A week before this meeting, on December 27, nearly 40 proposals taken up for discussion were approved. In addition, the law committee, the city improvements committee and the civic general body also took up several other proposals not listed on the agenda.The minutes of these meetings of all the committees and the general body are on the civic body's website. It shows approval for works ranging from improvement in water supply, road development, and providing health facilities at hospitals. These were not listed on the agenda. Nearly half the proposals had not been recommended by the civic administration.Some decisions taken by the committee include reconstruction and repairs to the flyover at Nigdi at a cost of Rs 2.8 crore, purchasing 20 motorized ICU hospital beds at a cost of nearly Rs 50 lakh, desilting Pavana river at a cost of Rs 46 lakh, and purchasing 20 mobile toilets at a cost of Rs 1.97 crore. While deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar had laid the foundation stone for construction of a railway underpass near Dalco company at Pimpri on January 3, the committee approved the proposal to allot the work contract to a construction firm for Rs 2.87 crore.The committee approved another proposal where Rs 10 crore earmarked for the proposed metro rail project in Pimpri, were reallocated for the construction of the Kalewadi phata-Dehu-Alandi Road.The committee approved a proposal for appointing an agency to prepare the environment status reports for the next three years. In the last two years, the civic body had failed to prepare the report. A proposal for redeveloping a bus stop on Kalewadi main road at Pachpir chowk was approved as people are facing hardships due to the broken structure of the existing bus stop.However, there are no bus-shelters on many bus routes in Pimpri-Chinchwad. The committee approved a proposal for putting up signboards to create public awareness about environment and other national welfare programmes. A proposal for purchasing an aerial ladder for the fire brigade was approved at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "assad shifting blame of killings", "code": "11456331", "title": "Assad shifting blame of killings: World powers", "text": "Assad shifting blame of killings: World powersWorld powers have accused Syrian president Bashar al-Assad of trying to shift the blame for bloodletting in the protests against his regime after he accused foreign interests of stoking the violence. Meanwhile an Arab League observer has left Syria , accusing the authorities of committing war crimes and turning the Arab monitoring mission sent to check its compliance with a peace plan into a \"farce\" .'Dalai creating cult group with monk suicides' :As China grappled to deal with recurring suicides of Tibetan Buddhist monks calling for return of the Dalai Lama , state media accused the leader of trying to build a cult similar to that of 'Falun Gong' .Afgan police chief survives suicide attack: The police chief of Afghanistan's troubled Kandahar province on Wednesday survived a suicide bombing just behind his fortified office , officials said.'160,000 Britons lost jobs to migrants in 5 yrs' : More than 160,000 Britons have lost jobs to migrants in last five years, an official report said.UK's MI5 among most gay-friendly employers: Britain's domestic spy agency MI5 was named as one of the country's most gay-friendly employers on Wednesday. MI5 was ranked 62 out of 100 for being one of the best employers for lesbian, gay and bisexual staff, according to a list compiled by the equality charity Stonewall.7.3 quake hits Indonesia, no casualties: A 7.3-magnitude earthquake hit Indonesia early on Wednesday, prompting officials to briefly issue a tsunami warning. No casualties were reported.Photographer sues LiLo for running him over: Lindsay Lohan is now being sued by a photographer who alleges he was run over by her car in January 2010.Gaga's bleaching habit burns her scalp: Lady Gaga's practise of bleaching her hair leaves her with a burning sensation on her scalp every time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11455629", "title": "Notice to governments over Jain site", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras High Court on Wednesday ordered notice to the Union and state governments on a plea to declare Thirumalai hill, located at Sivaganga district, as an ancient monument and protect it.In a PIL, one M Ayyanar of Konneripatti said the hill, situated 54-km from Madurai has historic rock paintings, dating back to five BC, where Tamil brahmi inscriptions of Sangam period, several Jain beds hewn out of the rock caves, a sign incised on the beds which were not found anywhere, were traced.Though all other monuments were declared as protected monument by the (ASI), Thirumalai hill was left out. Till today, neither ASI, nor Tamil Nadu archaeological department have come forward to declare it a protected monument.When the matter came up for hearing, before the bench comprising Justices Chitra Venkataraman and R Karuppiah, the petitioner's counsel R Alagumani said each and every rock painting of the hill, has been defaced with names scrawled on them and the inscriptions and Jain beds were damaged. He also sought to provide adequate protection to the hill from defacing the ancient monuments by antisocial elements.After submissions on the issue, the Central and state government counsels said the assistant solicitor general of India, K K Senthilvelan took notice on behalf of the ASI, while additional advocate general of Tamil Nadu, K Chellapandian took notice on behalf of the state government and submitted thatinstruction would be given the district SP, Sivaganga to provide necessary protection to the ancient monument from anti-social elements and file a status report before the court. The matter was posted after two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11455044", "title": "Governor undergoes surgery in city", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra governor K Sankaranarayanan was operated on at Bombay Hospital on Wednesday.The surgery was necessary because doctors found a blockage and clot in the 80-year-old's carotid artery, which supplies blood from the heart to the brain.Well-known heart surgeon Dr S Bhattacharya and Dr B K Goyal, who is on the governor's special medical panel, carried out the surgery.\"The governor is conscious and doing well,\" said the doctors. He is likely to be discharged on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11456982", "title": "Lawyer was facing murder attempt charges, claim police", "text": "JAIPUR: The lawyer who committed suicide following the alleged police atrocity was facing attempt to murder and cheating charges and a case was filed against him at the Murlipura police station. Despite the fact that the lawyers fraternity alleged that he was harassed by the police after his suicide, the Jaipur police claimed that police did not contacted him after October 12, 2011 when he was released on bail.Murlidhar Yadav (32), a lawyer who was practicing at the sessions court committed suicide at his native village Samod. After his death, the agitating lawyers accused the Murlipura police of harassing the lawyer due to which he committed suicide.\"He was a tenant at the house of one Shambhu Dayal in Murlipura locality. On August, 19, 2011 one Deepu who resides in the same locality had lodged a case of cheating against Shambu Dayal and Yadav for producing a forged registry of the house in the name of Yadav. He alleged that the house actually belonged to him,\" said a senior police officer from Murlipura police station.The officer added that on October, 10 Yadav was arrested when Shambhu Dayal's wife lodged a case of attempt to murder against him. He too had lodged similar case against Shambu. Later, he was released on bail on October 12.Asked why the police did not take cognizance of the allegations leveled by him against Shambu Dayal, a senior officer said, \"These cases were found false in the investigation.\"Asserting that police were always fair and sensitive in handing the case, commissioner of police B L Soni said, \"When the Murlipura police station in its investigation found him as an accused in the attempt to murder and cheating, he filed an application to get the matter investigated from a senior officer. Thus, we asked the assistant commissioner of police (ACP) of Chomu to reinvestigate the matter to which he had agreed,\" Soni said.He further said that later when the ACP too found that the investigation of Murlipura police was right, the lawyers came to him.\"They met me in December 2011 and I requested them to meet the deputy commissioner of police concerned. But, they never met him,\" Soni added.On December 15, Yadav contacted the ACP Chomu on his own for the last time and after that police never contacted him, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11454921", "title": "Conversion of railway heritage building opposed", "text": "PATNA: About 150 people, including sportspersons, theatre artists, social and political activists, on Wednesday staged a day-long dharna in front of the office of Danapur divisional railway manager (DRM) at Khagaul in protest against railways' decision to convert century old railway heritage, N C Ghosh Institute, into a community hall.Expressing their concern over the decision of the railways, several prominent sportspersons of yesteryears and celebrated artists said that the N C Ghosh Institute, Khagaul, has been a centre place for staging theatre and cultural activities since pre-independence period. Conversion of this institute into a community hall would hamper theatre and cultural activities, they said and added Khagaul has been a centre of theatre and cultural activities since British era.Theatre artists Nawab Alam and Jaiprakash Mihsra, \"Danapur division has received Rs 4.5 crore for building community halls at a few places under the division. Instead of building a new community hall, the railways is converting this heritage building into a community hall.\" They said sportspersons, artists and social and political activists would continue their peaceful stirin the towntill the railways cancels its decision. Former chairman of Khagaul Nagar Parishad Bindeshwari Prasad 'Mulki', who handed over a memorandum to Danapur DRM L M Jha in this connection on Wednesday, said locals would not allow convertion of such a heritage building into a community hall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11457172", "title": "MLA may lead to a breakthrough", "text": "LUCKNOW: After former ministers Anant Kumar Mishra and Babu Singh Kushwaha, and senior officials of health and family welfare department, it is now the turn of BSP MLA from Barhaj in Deoria, Ram Prasad Jaiswal to come under the Central Bureau of Investigation's scanner for his alleged involvement in the NRHM scam. His arrest is likely to throw more light on the murky deals under the Centrally funded health scheme. He is also said to be closeAfter probing the case for nearly six months on the direction of the high court, the central agency had its first major crackdown on January 4 when it raided the residence of former family welfare minister Babu Singh Kushwaha. The CBI sleuths raided nearly 60 locations in Lucknow, Moradabad, Kanpur and Delhi.They also arrested retired director general, family welfare, SP Ram. The house of another former DG, RR Bharti, was raided, too. According to CBI sources, the agency sleuths recovered 3 kg gold and Rs 1.1 crore cash from the house of PK Jain, a former general manager of Jal Nigam, which was an executing agency of NRHM contracts.This was another twist in the tale of the NRHM fund plundering in the state when two chief medical officers were shot in Lucknow within a period of six months. First, it was Dr VK Arya, the CMO of the family welfare department, who was shot on October 27, 2010. Arya was the first CMO in the state capital of the newly formed family welfare department after it was separated from the health department to look after the NRHM work. Kushwaha was the first minister of the family welfare department. The sensational murder of Arya was immediately linked to the NRHM funds and mafia elements eying the booty through various tenders.After Dr Arya's death, deputy CMO YS Sachan was given the charge for about three months after which Dr BP Singh was made the full-time CMO. On the morning of April 2, 2011, however, Dr Singh was killed in a similar manner. This was probably the breaking point for the state government. It immediately launched probe into the NRHM irregularities along with the reasons for the killings of two CMOs.On April 5, Dr Sachan and four other officials of the CMO were apprehended by the police for their alleged role in the scam. Two days later, both Kushwaha, and Anant Kumar Mishra, who was looking after the health segment, were made to resign on moral grounds and the post of CMO, family welfare was scrapped barely a year after it was created. .After six weeks, on June 17, Lucknow police claimed that it has worked out Dr BP Singh and Dr Arya murder cases. Dr Sachan was said to be the mastermind behind both the murders and one RK Verma and two shooters Vinod Sharma and Anand Tiwari were arrested. Dr Sachan was taken into judicial custody. But, on June 22, Sachan was found dead in the bathroom of the jail hospital. The administration and police claimed that Sachan had committed suicide. A judicial probe ordered by the government however concluded that Kushwaha was killed. Meanwhile, separate PILs were filed in the high court seeking CBI probe into the three murders and the scame. The high court ordered the central agency to probe all the four cases.Meanwhile, the report of a random survey conducted by NRHM's finance head Jaya Bhagat and her team, which inspected headquarters, blocks and tehsils in 12 districts between May 15 and 16, was out. The two volume report has outlined a number of gaps in the working of health officials and gross financial anomalies. A TOI investigation revealed that the systematic loot of NRHM funds could be a staggering amount of Rs 3,600 crore. It was found that there was a rampant loot of the funds at all levels.Contracts were given without any bidding and in many cases full payment was made in advance. State government and cooperatives were used as means to siphon off funds and oblige favourites.Earlier, on July 24, 2011 chief secretary, UP Anoop Mishra wrote to CAG to hold an audit of NRHM scheme in the state. CAG began its work in August, but failed to extract many facts from the 'adamant' health officials. In their draft report, sources said, CAG officials have mentioned that improvement in health sector does not commensurate the expenditure. Sources also said that the auditors have highlighted a number of financial anomalies in their report.The final report is expected to be out in mid of January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11458903", "title": "Rahul Bose &amp; Konkona Sen in Shesher Kabita", "text": "Suman Mukhopadhyay has roped in Mr and Mrs Iyer - Rahul Bose and Konkona Sen Sharma - to play Amit and Labanya in his adaptation of the Tagore classic, Shesher Kabita.The Bard's novel recounts the love story of Amit Ray, and Labanya. Amit is a barrister educated at Oxford. He meets Labanya in a car accident and their love blossoms in the hills of Shillong. Their love, however, does not culminate in marriage.And it is this romance that the filmmaker wants to focus on. Says Suman, \"I want to concentrate more on the characters. The desire to get someone and then when you finally do so, the illusion fizzles out. There is an aspect of puzzlement in all human relationships. This is what drew me to the story.\"The director feels that the Rahul-Konkona pairing would be perfect to portray the timeless characters. \"We tend to be biased when it comes to Tagore characters. For cinematic representation, I needed good actors who could also step into the shoes of the characters that Tagore has created. Both Amit and Labanya are erudite and have a strong intellectual background. Apart from the fact that Rahul and Konkona are fabulous actors, they also look their parts.\"Suman has completed the narration to Rahul and Konkona. \"I am still working on the main cast. Both of them have started reading the script. We are in talks and the final dates are yet to be sorted out,\" adds Suman, who is planning to start shooting in May-June. \"I plan to can the shots in Kolkata, Shillong and Oxford,\" he says.When CT got in touch with Konkona, she said, \"This is too early to talk about it,\" while Rahul had already posted on a microblogging site: \"looks like @konkonas and I will be in a love story again. based on a famous tagore novel. More details anon!\"Giving a peek into the film's treatment, the director says, \"There's a lot of poetry in the text and a sense of romance when Amit and Labanya are together. My film too will oscillate between the poetic and the realistic levels.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11455655", "title": "Book fair has little Tamil literature for children this year", "text": "CHENNAI: With more than 350 stalls selling Tamil books, the 35th Chennai Book Fair is a treat for readers of the language. However, the fair has little to offer children when it comes to regional literature.Publishers say there are few takers for Tamil children's books. \"It is difficult to sell children's books in Tamil. Our only customers are schools that buy textbooks or a few books to stock libraries,\" says M Duraimanickam, books in-charge at Palaniappa Brothers that stocks a few Tamil short story and poetry books for children. \"Even when it comes to non-academic books, schools are interested only in non-fiction or short biographies. There are very few published authors who write for children,\" he says.However, Tamil literature is a hit at the book fair and stalls selling Tamil literature far outnumber English book stalls. Publishers say that writers like Divakar and K R A Narasiah, the authors of 'Emden' and 'Madrasapattinam' are bestsellers. \"There is an absence of new and innovative children's fiction in Tamil. Most are either folk tales or translated versions of traditional stories such as 'Akbar and Birbal',\" says R S Shanmugam, president of Booksellers' and Publishers' Association of South India.Shanmugam says writes and publishers stay away from children's fiction as there is very little money in it. \"Most children's books are not reprinted and there is no royalty on sales. Publishers are afraid to experiment with new writers,\" he says. \"Schools and parents need to encourage children to read books in regional languages. General knowledge books are the highest selling for children, maybe because of the large number of quiz programmes on TV,\" he adds.While many schools offer Tamil as a second language and parents acknowledge the need for children to be acquainted with literature in their mother tongue, the preference is clearly for English reading. \"My children are starting to read and we are trying to build an interest in English books first. Maybe we will introduce them to Tamil books later,\" says Lavanya, mother of two boys aged eight and 10, who loves reading Tamil fiction.A few publishers like Mazhalai Soll Pathipagam have come out with bilingual books for children in Tamil and English. \"This is for the benefit of children who are not able to read Tamil. Our books have large images and illustrations to make them more accessible to children,\" says Sadiq, manager at the Samparuthy Children's World book stall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11465279", "title": "My directors tell me to gain weight: Hrishitaa Bhatt", "text": "Actress Hrishitaa Bhatt, who was last seen in Tigmanshu Dhulia's 'Shagird', feels lucky to have a great body naturally.She says, \"I have been an athlete and a dancer since my school days so that's an advantage that my body is in great shape. In fact internally, I have been healthy.\"\"My DietApart from having a naturally fit body, Hrishitaa is very careful about what she eats. She adds, \"I'm careful about my food and I make it a point to eat well. It's just once a while that I hog as I tend to loose easily. So my directors tell me to gain weight most of the time, especially when that is required for the role.\"\"My Fitness mantraAsk her about her fitness mantra and she replies, \"I think the only mantra is that I'm a positive person and that helps me in my life. Even the metabolism and my body got molded as I started dancing at the age of seven. So, I don't go for diet, that doesn't suit me.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11456336", "title": "GSPCB report awaited to take action against Colva hotels", "text": "MARGAO: Salcete deputy collector and sub-divisional magistrate D M Redkar is awaiting the compliance report from the Goa State Pollution Control Board (GSPCB) before initiating acting against 11 hotels and restaurants in Colva that were found dumping their sewerage in the Colva creek.On December 27, Redkar had issued a week's notice to these 11 hotels and restaurants for having failed to comply with the directions of the GSPCB regarding setting up a sewerage treatment plant (STP) and other measures to prevent leakage of sewerage in the creek.When TOI contacted Redkar, he confirmed that the notice period had lapsed. \"The state pollution control board is the process of issuing appropriate directions to the establishments and in that regard, the deputy collector will be intimated,\" added Redkar.Redkar said closure notices to five other hotels were revoked after the GSPCB had submitted a compliance report stating that they had complied with their directions.On December 7, the GSPCB had inspected around 16 hotels and restaurants on directions of the South Goa district collectorate. These inspections were held after the hotels had submitted written representations stating that they had complied with the directions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11461078", "title": "Banyan tree axed at RTO corner, activists see red", "text": "NASHIK: On Saturday morning, a well-grown banyan tree out of the two that apparently came in the way of the installation of a a traffic signal at the RTO corner was felled. The second tree was saved in the nick of time by activists in the city. Local corporator Shalini Pawar of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), said that she had acquired permission from the Tree Authority of Nashik for felling the trees.\"We are installing a signal here and the trees are obstructing it. There is lot of traffic in this area and in the past one and a half month, four people have died due to road accidents here,\" said the corporator's husband Arun Pawar, a BJP activist.\"We are not objecting to felling of the trees if it was necessary, but we are simply suggesting that they be transplanted as far as possible. These are banyan trees. They did not not bother to put up notices inviting objections,\" explained Ashwini Bhat, an environmental activist in the city.Divisional tree inspector, R A Gaikwad, claimed that objections were invited in a local newspaper concerning the felling of the trees. Gaikwad also said that the decision to cut the trees was taken at a meeting of the Tree Authority a month ago and a survey was also conducted at the spot. \"We do not remember any such decision being taken at the meeting of the Tree Authority Committee,\" said Mandar Oltikar of Sankraman, an NGO for the environment. Ashwini Bhat wanted to know who were the people who conducted the survey.Gaikwad said that the trees were completely hollow at the bottom and that is why they could not be transplanted elsewhere despite a provision under the Maharashtra Urban Trees Preservation Act for transplanting trees in urban areas rather than chopping them up without a thought.Arun Pawar, on the other hand, argued that transplantation of trees was impossible and that Nashik does not have a single case of transplantation, while in reality the 251 trees that were transplanted at the forest land at Dindori Naka are barely a few km from this ward.\"I had submitted a lifetime objection to the municipal corporation about hacking banyan, ficus and peepal trees, asking them to conduct a survey of the trees first and then decide if they can be transplanted or have to be cut,\" said Rajesh Pandit, an environmental activist in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11458998", "title": "Beyonce Knowles' private birthing suite", "text": "Beyonce Knowles and Jay-Z had two private suites built at New York's Lenox Hill hospital to prepare for the arrival of their first child.The couple - who welcomed daughter, Blue Ivy, into the world on Saturday (07.01.12) - reportedly had between six and eight existing rooms at the medical facility transformed into the luxury suites, which came complete with a whole host of lavish features including \"mahogany walls\".A hospital source told US Weekly magazine: \"A month ago, workers tore down between six and eight rooms and turned them into two suites. They paid to have it constructed just for them.\"You'd want to live in there!\"The superstar pair are already believed to have splashed out over $1.5 million on their newborn daughter, including a number of lavish gifts such as a $600,000 rocking horse, a $15,000 high chair and a $30,000 playhouse.An insider recently said: \"They're really pulling out all the stops - the two of them have been spending like there's no tomorrow! Together they've bought a Swarovski-studded high chair by Carla Monchen for $15,000, and a Fantasy 'posh tots' coach carriage crib for $22,000.\"Jay-Z bought Beyonce a solid gold handmade Ginza Tanaka rocking horse for $600,000. They've even plashed out on a $30,000 magical windmill playhouse for the garden and a mini Bugatti car, too.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11454545", "title": "When milkmen block passengers' entry", "text": "NAGPUR: The platform number four of the Nagpur railway station is in the news for wrong reasons. For the past 8-10 days, passengers boarding the 11040 Gondia-Kolhapur Maharashtra Express have been facing grave inconvenience due to milk vendors' menace.As the train enters the yard at 10.30 am, these milk vendors, in a hurry to get down to avoid rush of passengers boarding the train, pitch their cans in the middle of the platform with the help of their counterparts.TOI found that as these cans lie in the middle of the platform for those crucial moments, there is always fear of passengers being knocked down in an attempt to board the train with their luggage. On Wednesday, it happened with a couple of passengers.\"Sometimes it might take a serious turn,\" said Ravindra Yelwatkar, a frequent traveller. Another passenger Pramod Gharpure travelling to Shegaon with his family -- was struggling to get into the S8 coach even as the milk cans lay in the middle of the platform. A section of authorised hawkers complained that they were unable to move across the coaches due to the cans.D Pal, assistant commercial manager (ACM) with South East Central Railway (SECR), said these milkmen are authorised MST (monthly season ticket) vendors, who are permitted to carry 60 kg load.\"We impose a six times fine on the current ticket if these milkmen are found carrying more than the prescribed weight,\" Pal said.Official sources said that while travelling from Gondia to Nagpur, barring coaches S1 and S8, all are utilised as general coaches. Taking advantage of this, these milkmen transport milk in these coaches causing inconvenience to passengers. Due to shortage of staff, many times they get away without any action for violations.Over 50-60 milkmen, supplying milk to the city, board the train from stations like Tiroda, Tumsar and Bhandara. Most of them get down at Itwari station, but a sizeable number of them also get down at the main station.About action for haphazard downloading of cans, Central Railway senior divisional security commissioner (SrDSC) A Ibrahim Sherrif said that the milk vendors have started getting down at main station after action by the Railway Protection Force (RPF) for trespassing at the bridge near Dobi Nagar.\"Although they are authorised travellers, if they are causing inconvenience to passengers at the platform, action will be taken against them,\" said Sherrif.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "11461290", "title": "For a signature, Malegaon doc prescribes polio vaccination", "text": "MALEGAON: It was the price they had to pay to get the signature of a government doctor to identify them for getting the Unique Identification Authority of India cards-Aadhar-and before the ink dried down, he had elicited a promise from the reluctant citizens of Malegaon: to vaccinate their children against polio.Today, a majority of citizens have vaccinated their children against polio, a drive started by the government but made possible by Malegaon's health officer Bharat Wagh. It all began when a corporator approached Wagh with a request to sign a certificate stating that he knew the person and that the person was a native of Malegaon. \"Soon it became a routine. People from faraway places would come to me requesting me to sign their certificates. Since I have served in Malegaon in various capacities for more than 15 years, it is not a problem for me to recognise them,\" he said. Today, he issues around 200 certificates every day to people and has already signed over 50,000 certificates.But the idea to make them take the pledge came when he visited Devi Ka Malla and Abbas Nagar areas of Malegaon where two polio cases were detected in August 2010. Various attempts by World Health Organisation officials had failed to convince people about the anti-polio drive.\"We were on a vaccination driveo ne day, when we visited a high risk area where a woman after spotting me requested to sign her son's certificate. I signed but not before taking the pledge from her to support us in the polio vaccination drive,\" Wagh said. \"The small favour I did helped us a lot and we could succeed in doing 99% vaccination in the area which was in the news ever since the detection of the two cases,\" he said. He recalls an instance where a woman had come walking with her son from the far end of the powerloom town to get her certificates signed.\"She said that since it was difficult for her to remember his name, shetold her son to write his name on the palm. I was very so moved by her gesture,\" Wagh said. Recognizing his efforts and contribution in the polio vaccination drive, Malegaon Mahotsav felicitated him on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11461312", "title": "Drive against hoardings to continue", "text": "NASHIK: From the time that the election code of conduct was imposed late in the afternoon on January 3, the anti-encroachment department has confiscated many political flags, banners, boards and hoardings till January 9.The drive is expected to continue for some time, said officials from the anti-encroachment department of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC).From the day the election code of conduct was imposed, till Monday, 1,951 flags, 4,119 banners, 150 boards and 193 hoardings have been confiscated. This data was provided by the anti-encroachment department of the NMC.Many political parties had failed to take down hoardings, banners, party flags, etc even after the poll code of conduct was enforced by the state election commission. Though the NMC had authorized 80 locations where hoardings can be put up, innumerable illegal ones have sprung up all over the city due to the impending elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11461229", "title": "200 households stranded without LPG cylinders", "text": "NASHIK: Nearly fifty consumers of domestic gas supplier Bharat Gas in Makhmalabad have not received their supply of LPG cylinders from the newly-appointed dealer Chandrakant Agency, for the past seven days. The primary reason the dealer attributes this to is the delay in getting the list of consumers transferred from another agency. There are nearly 200 consumers who are waiting for their supply from the previous dealer, Vaishampayan agency. Consumers say that this is in tandem with the government's policy of allowing customers to choose their own dealer.In 2008-09 the Bharat Gas company had cancelled dealership of Chandrakant gas agency in Makhmalabad for deficiency in service. Since then, customers in the area got attached to other dealers in the area. However, Chandrakant's dealership was re-instated and the list of customers was being transferred back to them. \"The problem is that it has been seven days and I still have not got the cylinder from the Chandrakant gas agency where my number has been attached. I have had to use a gas stove instead,\" said Vaishali Avhad, a house-wife.Leading the group of nearly 200 women from the locality, Jyoti Ghuge said that the women were strictly against getting supplies from Chandrakant gas agency. \"It is very easy for the officers to tell us to try their services now . We have lost faith in them but none of us have complaints about Vaishampayan's service for the last three years. We are fighting to restore Vaishampayan as our dealer by exercising our right to choose our own dealer,\" Ghuge said.K Dhatrak, the manager of Chandrakant gas agency said that since the names of the dealers were in the process of being transferred, it would take some time. \"Nearly 3000 customers have been transferred and since the transfer process happens at the command centre in Chennai, there are some problems which will be sorted out soon,\" Dhatrak said.Vilas Deole of Nashik Zilla Grahak Pachayat said having faced problems once, the consumers are now sceptical of services in the future even if to begin with it was good. \"Instead of experimenting again, the consumers want their own choice of dealer to be honoured,\" Deole said.Prakash Vaishampayan of Vaishampayan gas agency said that though the consumers could choose their own dealer it, Vaishampayan, would require the needed volume to make its service efficient.\"Today if the company orders us to supply cylinders to all, we will he happy. But if only few have made their choice, it will not be viable for us to run the services,\" Vaisahmpayan said.The Bharat Gas sales officer Tushar Jagtap claimed that he was unaware of any such problems in the area. . \"I have not received any communication from consumers. On receipt of a complaint, we will definitely look into the matter,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "11458916", "title": "Rubber unit may replace shut-down sugar plant", "text": "SILCHAR: Assam power and industries minister Pradyut Bordoloi said its not possible to revive the closed Cachar Sugar Mill at Anipur in Karimganj district and therefore the state government is mulling setting up a natural rubber processing unit at the sugar mill's plant, which was closed down earlier.Bordoloi, while visiting the shut-down sugar plant on Tuesday, said the state government tried its best to ensure production in the mill, which was set up in 1972. When the government failed to run it, the mill was handed over to private parties. But it did not survive due to the poor quality of sugar produced and inadequate supply of sugarcane, besides mismanagement.He ruled out possibility of revival of the sugar mill in response to the demand of the employees of the unit who lost their jobs when the mill shut down. They were also not given their outstanding salaries and other benefits.\"Now we have come to understand that this part of Karimganj is rich in rubber plantations. So, the government is planning to replace the closed sugar mill with a rubber processing unit and make use of the local rubber plantations. This will not only boost the economy of the region, but also provide employment to the youths here and enhance the profit of the rubber cultivators,\" said the industries minister.Bordoloi said the employees of Cachar Sugar Mill will get their outstanding salaries and other benefits within a period of one month. He also promised that people who lost their job will be reemployed in the future rubber project as far as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11461461", "title": "Vidyut Jamwal believes in the power of postive energy", "text": "He says...\"I don't really believe in God as such. I believe in the power of the universe, and more so in the power of postive energy. All of us are surrounded by universal energy. I don't recite any prayers, but I do believe in giving thanks to the universe. I give thanks for all that I have received on a daily basis and to every cell in my body.\"When I was young, I was acquainted with religion and heard people talking about God often, but personally, I don't believe in any religion. For me, humanity is the biggest religion. Right from a young age, I have suscribed my faith in the universe as I have personally experienced it. When I was about 15 years old, I began reading holy books like the Ramyana, the Mahabharata, the Qur'an, etc. out of curiosity. I like listening to people talk about God but I don't follow any of those practices. I don't visit any places of religious worship out of devotion, but I will go to such places to accompany someone because of the postive enrgy that emanates from such places.\"I don't know for sure if I can call myself a spiritual person, as spirituality too has some shades of religion. I'm not superstitious in the traditional sense, but I'm superstitious about negative thinking. I say that because I believe in the power of postive thinking and energy. The nature of our thoughts and the energy that emanates from them into the universe is what I will get in return. Therefore, I make it a point not to think negatively. Hence I call myself superstitious about negative thinking.\"I feel the notion of getting in touch with yourself is a facade, because I believe that everybody is always in touch with their inner self by default. I don't meditate. When I'm practising my martial arts and gymnastics, I'm in a 'no-thoughts zone' and that state of mind for me is meditation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11455282", "title": "Big child nutrition problem in AP: Report", "text": "HYDERABAD: That 42% of the country's children are malnourished is a statistic that finds stark reflection in Andhra Pradesh. While the state did not figure in the Naandi Foundation study, the latest findings by National Institute of Nutrition (NIN) note that 38.8% children in AP, in the age group 1-5 years, are undernourished. And, an alarming 48.1% of children have stunted growth, according to the 2010-11 study that is presently being finalised.The NIN's National Nutrition Monitoring Bureau carried out the study in AP, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Orissa, West Bengal, Gujarat and Maharashtra for a population of 5,000 pre-school children. It found that, overall, 45.6% of the children in rural areas are underweight and undernourished with 49.6% of them showing stunted growth.The survey is expected to be completed in a month and NIN scientists said that its findings are virtually paradoxical. \"Economically, the country is scaling heights but insofar as the tackling of malnutrition is concerned, progress is very slow,\" said Dr A Laxmaiah, deputy director, NIN. Dr Laxmaiah added that malnutrition exists not just in rural areas but that \"undernourished children in urban areas account for 25-30% of malnourished children in the country\".Various factors contribute towards a high malnutrition rate but poverty, ignorance, faulty infant and child-feeding practices are the primary causes, Dr Laxmaiah said. He added that even among the educated, 'nutritional illiteracy' may be prevalent as there are socio-cultural factors also at play here.The state has reported this dismal statistic despite a slew of nutritional programmes undertaken by it to address the problem of malnutrition. Experts said that the government had failed to obtain desired results due to poor programme implementation. In AP, efforts are being diluted by lack of monitoring and supervision. \"Food supply is there but it is not reaching children. In cases where it is running properly, say as part of a midday meal scheme somewhere, the quality is very poor,\" said an expert.Experts also claimed that children are not at all being benefited by the Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS) scheme when it is supposed to provide one-third of their total nutritional requirement. \"ICDS gives a dry soya and wheat mixture which the children cannot eat. The children need to be given tender, tasty and fresh food. It is alarming that every second child in India is starving,\" said Dr Veena Shatrugna, former deputy director, NIN.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11457388", "title": "Two not too early to show flair for a foreign tongue", "text": "A small classroom in Amboli has a group of children , six years and above, learning the rudiments of Spanish. A table in front has common Indian fruits, each bearing a sticker with its Spanish name. The little ones speak Espanol with the correct accent as well.Parents, eager to put a foreign language on their child's resume, start early these days. \"Spanish is becoming popular with families who travel to Latin America or have businesses there and want their children to take over in future,\" says Vidya Govindani who teaches at the Academia Espanol in Amboli . \"Most students are between six and 12 but some parents bring tiny tots as little as two and say they want them to learn Spanish even as they pick up English.\"Her husband Dinesh, who owns the academy, says they pay proper attention to diction, not just vocabulary. \"Since the script is the same as English, it becomes easier for kids to grasp the language,\" he says. The academy charges Rs 7,000 for 25 one-hour lessons and Rs 15,000 for home tuition.French has been part of the curriculum in Mumbai's schools for decades but the emergence of the dragon as the world's fastest growing economy has seen Chinese gaining ground.Binal Shah runs Nin Hao classes in Chinese at Veera Desai Road. \"Chinese definitely gives one's resume an edge. Indians are doing large-scale business with China but language is such a barrier that they often need to hire interpreters which is a very expensive proposition. So parents, who are aware of new-age employment opportunities in that country or already have business interests there, like their children to start young. They know there are places in China where people will not answer you unless you speak their language, even if they do know English,\" she says.Shah rates Mandarin a full 10/10 on a scale of difficulty but is amazed to see how soon 14- and 15-yearolds grasp the tongue if they start early.The module costs around Rs 14,000 and equips students to find their way around an airport in China , order for food or ask for directions.Rashmi Desai teaches Japanese to kids \"who come for the fun of it. They do not really know what benefit this language will bring them. Some are influenced by cartoon characters on television, others because they are learning karate which is a Japanese martial art. Many already know a few words in Japanese although they may not know what they mean. Karate students, for instance, can say numbers from one to 10,\" she says.Desai's Nikko Japanese class holds examinations in conjunction with the Japan Foundation and papers are sent to that country for correction. \"The kids are so proud when they receive certificates from Japan congratulating them for having done well,\" she laughs.Devesh Tendulkar of Tendulkar's Institute, Dadar, receives enquiries for Chinese, French and German. \"Knowledge of a foreign language boosts any resume . Moreover, parents also see the winds of the global economy blowing in the direction of these countries,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11456130", "title": "Tourists thrashed for hitting cop", "text": "PANAJI: There was real drama in Panaji on Wednesday morning as four tourists from Karnataka chased by a traffic cop assaulted him only to take a beating from locals.Though the incident occurred in Panaji, it was a traffic policemen posted at Old Goa who seeing a white Scorpio with tinted glasses and without a number plate that first tried to stop the vehicle. \"On seeing that the vehicle was proceeding towards Panaji, he informed staff at Panaji about the car. Traffic ASI Srikant Pednekar intercepted the vehicle near Santa Monica jetty in Panaji,\" sources said.Pednekar then asked the occupants for the vehicle documents. \"On checking the documents he found that the driver didn't possess a driving licence and when questioned about it, the vehicle occupants got irritated and began arguing with the ASI,\" sources said. The car had a temporary registration number expiring on Thursday.The driver then stepped on the accelerator and even as the traffic policeman tried to stop the vehicle, it raced away from KTC bus stand and reached near Patto bridge, where Pednekar who chased the vehicle stopped it.\"The irritated tourists then got into a fight with the ASI. They pushed him, broke his belt and slapped him. Later, they started assaulting the ASI,\" police sources said. Shocked at the manner in which a policeman was being assaulted, a large crowd gathered, caught hold of the tourists and assaulted them.\"Panaji police arrived at the spot and shifted the tourists to GMC for treatment. The ASI was also sent to GMC for treatment,\" sources said.A case has been booked against Mehboob Sheikh, 36, Mausim Khan, 35, and Tipu Shahid, 36, all from Bangalore, and Kumaraswamy Gawda, 36, from Hassam, for assaulting a public servant while discharging his lawful duty. Mehboob and Kumaraswamy were arrested as soon as they were discharged from hospital.Past IncidentsTraffic constable Yadav Chari was assaulted by one Dinesh Govekar when brought to the traffic cell for an alcohol test in June 2011. Govekar was arrested.Traffic ASI Xavier Fernandes was assaulted by one Savio Fernandes in August 2011. The ASI had stopped Savio's vehicle and asked for his license and other documents, when an infuriated Savio abused and assaulted the cop.Law PointSection 152 of the Indian Penal Code states that whoever assaults or threatens to assault, or obstructs or attempts to obstruct a public servant in the discharge of his duty or attempts to use criminal force on a public servant, shall be imprisoned for up to three years, or fined, or both.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11454944", "title": "NDA students get tips on stress mgmt", "text": "PATNA: The Parents-Teachers Association (PTA) of Notre Dame Academy organized an interactive session on 'stress and time management' for students of class XI and XII on Wednesday.Manoj Kumar Sinha, who has done strategic management from Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Kolkata, and is a visiting faculty in many colleges of the city, gave tips to students on how to manage time and have planned study.Explaining the importance of stress management, Sinha said, \"In this competitive world, students are almost always under stress. This hampers not only their performance but also their competitive skills.\"President of the PTA, Amitabh Pandey said, \"Such interactive sessions are beneficial for both students and teachers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11453916", "title": "N-power not the only solution: Pachauri", "text": "PUNE: Chairman of Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Rajendra K Pachauri has said that nuclear energy cannot be a universal solution to resolving issues like shortage of energy.The IPCC is an international organisation promoted by the United Nations Environmental Programme and the World Meteorological Organisation , for study and assessment of the impact of climate change.Pachauri said, \"We (India) would necessarily have to ask a lot of questions about nuclear energy despite projections (by IPCC) that it is likely to grow in future.\" He was interacting with the audience after his speech on 'Dealing with climate change', organised by the Pune International Centre (PIC).Asked whether he approves of nuclear power and the associated financial impact vis-a-vis India, Pachauri said, \"The IPCC came out with its position on nuclear energy for the first time in its 4th assessment report in 2007. I would like to reiterate what we stated in that report that nulcear energy is likely to grow.\"However, he said, \"The same IPCC report did bring out the possible hazards, problems and hurdles in promoting nuclear energy. We also clearly said that nuclear energy is not a universal solution. It has certainly worked for countries like France and some other parts of the world. But, we would have to ask a lot of questions about nuclear energy.\"Pachauri said, \"Post-Fukushima, what will happen is difficult to say but, countries like Japan and Germany have moved away from nuclear energy. The French socialist party's candidate running for the presidential post, has been talking against nuclear energy.\"Earlier, Pachauri said that India, which has a forward-looking national climate change plan, need not be worried much about the impact of mitigation on the GDP growth. \"The mitigation effort will, at the most, postpone the growth target projected for year 2030 by a few months or a year and that's not a high price that we have to pay to avoid some of the worst effects of climate change,\" he said.Pachauri, who is also director general of the The Energy and Resources Institute (TERI), cited energy security, better health, high agriculture yeilds and higher employment as some of the several co-benefits that come along with the measures for mitigation of climate change.He identified energy security and water management as the two prime areas, which India should be worried about. \"Given the rapid increase in economic activity and our population, the demand for water is bound to grow. We would have to put in place a far more efficient system for management of water, which includes recycling of water.Referring to energy security, Pachauri said, \"If we continue with business as usual, India is likely to end up an annual import of oil worth $ 700 million and coal worth $ 1300 million by year 2030. Predicting price of these resources is a hazardous game but, a stable and low price is unlikely for the next 15 to 20 years.\"He said, India also needs to focus on create a share of its own in the vast global market opportunity for green and renewable technologies. \"Korea has invested $ 35 billion in promoting such technologies while China too has made major investments in the renewables,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11455232", "title": "Train, bus tickets sold out, hampering travel plans for Pongal", "text": "COIMBATORE: With yet another Pongal season round the corner, advance ticket reservation centers of Southern Railway in the city have started seeing a mad rush for bookings in long distance trains, especially those to Chennai and southern districts. But to the utter dismay of those who are looking to spend the harvest festival with friends and family, trains from Coimbatore to Nagercoil, Mayiladuthurai and Chennai are booked till January 20.On the busy Coimbatore-Chennai route, there are no seats even on the waiting list till January 25. Trains bound for Nagercoil and Kanyakumari are also completely booked. There is a mad rush for booking even in private Omni buses and express transport buses of the Tamil Nadu Express Transport Corporation. But bus seats too are fast getting sold out and the only hope remaining for those south bound travelers is the announcement of 50 additional bus services by TNSTC during the three days of Pongal.\"All sleeper coach and AC tickets in trains were completely sold out about a month ago. As tatkal tickets can be booked only during the last 24 hours before travel, and there is no guarantee, people cannot depend on them. In addition to the mad rush, online booking is a nuisance as the site hangs often,\" says M Umamaheswaran, who works in Coimbatore and hails from Thirunelveli. In all the trains, the waiting list has over 200 people. Even the Nilgiri Mountain Railway is completely booked till the first week of February.The most disappointed commuters are those who wish to celebrate Pongal with their friends and family in Bangalore. No special summer night train has been sanctioned despite pressure from passenger associations and railway officials here. Though the Kannur-Yashwantpur Express will stop at Podanur after a series of protests, passengers have to travel longer to reach the isolated station to board that train. It is yet to be diverted to the city. The only night train from Bangalore that passes through Coimbatore is the over-crowded Island Express bound for Kanyakumari. Even during previous festival occasions, special Bangalore-Nagercoil trains had skipped Coimbatore, going via Erode instead.Meanwhile, passenger associations are demanding more buses to key destinations like Kanyakumari, Thirunelveli, Devakottai, Udankudi, Thiruchendur, Sathankulam, Chenngottai and Thanjavur. There are a huge number of people from the South who work in industrial units in Coimbatore. Many are keen on spending Pongal with their families,'' points out M Krishnan of Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Coimbatore, stressing the need for more buses to the southern locations.\"As people are booking tickets from different corners of the country, it is very difficult to identify the actual number of seats available in Coimbatore and the percentage of increase during the festival seasons,'' said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11455188", "title": "Elephants continue to roam in human habitats", "text": "COIMBATORE: Panic continues to prevail in the suburban areas of Periyanaickenpalayam and Kavundanpalayam despite assurances from forest department officials that they would soon construct an elephant proof trench in a seven kilometer forest border to prevent elephants entering into human habitats. A herd of 11 wild elephants have continued to spread fear among the residents even on Wednesday and they concentrated in the Samisettipalayam area.Efforts by locals to scare away the elephants from sugarcane and maize fields by using crackers failed as the pachyderms went back to the agricultural fields at frequent intervals. They even entered the residential areas and people remained indoors.According to District Forest Officer V Thirunavukarasu, the elephants have strayed into the human habitats through the seven kilometer Thandu Perumal Kovil-Palamalai stretch that borders the Western Ghats forests. As there were no elephant proof trenches in the stretch, it was easy for the elephants to move out. The department would soon construct trenches there to keep elephants in the forests itself, he said. The funds have already been allocated for this purpose.According to forest range officer M Nazeer, the elephants have been entering human habitats every summer since 2008. They became angry only this year as a section of the locals pelted stones at them and chased them away by using fire arms. All these years, the elephants caused no injury to any one. A section of residents unreasonably provoked them,'' he said.Elephants enter human habitats due to the disruption to their corridors caused by large scale human encroachment, he said.\"It is harvesting time in the region and agricultural fields are filled with sugarcane, plantains and maize that tempt them. Once the trenches are made, there would be no threat to residents,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11453271", "title": "'No NCP hand in Chandrapur not getting medical college'", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Home minister RR Patil warned his political rivals to refrain targeting NCP over denial of medical college, but agreed that Chandrapur needs to be considered for setting of the medical college. Patil, who was here to take review of party work in town on Wednesday, had a brief interaction with the reporters.\"I am myself looking after the Naxal-hit Gadchiroli district as guardian minister. Our party's first priority is development of Vidarbha. NCP is in no way is responsible for denial of medical college here. It was the decision taken with the consensus of minister present in the cabinet meeting,\" Patil explained.Meanwhile Chandrapur would witness yet another round of protests against government for denial of medical college on Thursday. Congress leaders have announced to make a huge human-chain to flay the government's decision. Local unit of Indian Medical Association has also extended its support to the agitation. IMA members would stage day long sit-in agitation before district collectorate on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11455274", "title": "Mumbai doctor, engineer in nine CAT 100 percentilers", "text": "MUMBAI: Of the nine toppers who scored that elusive 100 percentile in the competitive Common Admission Test, two boys, a doctor, Shashank Prabhu, and an engineer, Ajinkya Deshmukh, are from Mumbai.The world's financial markets may be scrambling to avert a debt crisis, recession and economic slowdown, but for nine toppers, a coveted IIM degree and mind-boggling salaries are on the cards.Maharashtra tied with West Bengal, which also had two students who scored the perfect 100 in the CAT this year. Incidentally, last year Maharashtra had produced three toppers.Nearly 1.85 lakh students across India took the entrance test for admission to the 13 Indian Institutes of Management.Besides Mumbai boys, Ajinkya Deshmukh and Shashank Prabhu, and West Bengal's Vishal Kedia and Soumyojit Sanyal, the other five toppers who made it into the '100 percentile club' are candidates from Delhi, Rajasthan, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Uttarakhand. Mumbai acquitted itself well this year: Of the 18 candidates who secured the next best score, 99.99 percentile, at least three are Mumbaikars.Competition will be exceptionally stiff this year as 1,800 candidates scored between 99 and 100 percentile and are awaiting call letters from the IIMs, which have a limited 3241 seats.The agonizing wait for the results was prolonged as the CAT website crashed immediately after midnight, claimed students. CAT convener Janakiraman Moorthy, however, said that the site had merely slowed down because of the rush.Four IIMs, Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Kozhikode and Lucknow put up the names of the shortlisted candidates on the institutes' websites after the CAT 2011 results were out.This year, the IIMs have held back the results of seven candidates from various centres, as they were caught cheating. \"Those cases are under investigation. Overall, the CAT was smooth. We have plans to offer the CAT more than once in a year, but it's difficult to tell when that will happen,\" said Moorthy.Apart from the IIMs, the CAT scores are accepted by 158 B-schools, including all the management colleges attached to the Indian Institutes of Technology. The CAT scores are valid till December 2012, allowing international management schools to also accept students on the basis of their percentiles.Last year, the IIT-Bombay campus partied all through the night as two of the city's toppers came from the Powai campus. This year, there wasn't a single 100 percentiler, but there were many who had scored 99 percentile and above.This year, the IIMs had changed the pattern of the question paper, altering the composition to two sections instead of three, with one section focusing on analytical and quantitative abilities and the other on verbal abilities and logical reasoning. So many candidates who were confident of acing the competitive exam were disappointed with the outcome. \"There are always some candidates who are expecting a particular score and end up scoring less. This time, there are just too many such cases,\" said Parag Chitale, head of a coaching institute.The good news is that some of the new IIMs, including those in Tiruchirapalli, Udaipur and Raipur, have increased their intake from 70 to 120. The total number of seats in all the IIMs combined is around 3,221-3241, and this is likely to go up this academic year once the governing councils of each IIM meet in February-March.Four times the total number of seats is shortlisted for interviews.The new IIMs have decided to have just one meeting with the students on the basis of which their fate will be determined. Only IIMs Calcutta and Lucknow will continue with their group discussions, though others have done away with it.CAT resultOf the 1.85 lakh students who sat for the CAT this year, 9 scored a 100 percentile. Last year, 8 candidates had secured the perfect scoreTwo boys from Maharashtra, engineer Ajinkya Deshmukh and Dr Shashank Prabhu, scored a100 percentile. Last year, the state had three students in this clubWest Bengal has two candidates-Soumyojit Sanyal and Vishal Kedia-in the same 100 percentile category. Delhi (Subhashish Bhadra), Rajasthan, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Uttarakhand, have a candidate each1,800 candidates scored between 99 and 100 percentile.For the first time, the B-schools at the country's Indian Institutes of Technology are admitting students based on their CAT scoresLast year, all the IIMs had a total of around 3,241 seats. This year's student intake and fees will be declared once the governing councils of each institute meets.Several IIMs have decided to correct the gender bias and give additional marks to female candidates; girls made up 27% of this year's CAT applications", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11455105", "title": "Rapid Metro works grind morning traffic to a halt", "text": "GURGAON: Commuters coming from Delhi to Gurgaon had a harrowing time at the 32-lane toll plaza on Wednesday morning due to over 2km-long traffic jam on the Delhi side. It took commuters over half an hour to cross the toll plaza as traffic movement was severely hit on the service road along the expressway due to the ongoing Rapid Metro work. Coomuters were stranded for over two hours.The construction company's machinery and barricades on the approach road blocked the road, thereby leaving little space for traffic to pass through. The situation was so bad that many commuters were spotted using the two-wheeler lanes at the toll gate to cross the plaza. Many commuters who were taking office cabs to reach office in time preferred walking down to wasting time in the jam.People who had started early from their Delhi homes reached office late. They were frustrated as they were unaware of such a jam in the morning peak hours. Raman Mehta, an MNC executive, said, \"There was no such reason for the traffic chaos today. I had left home early morning as usual. If there is a problem ahead on this road, enough warning signage could have been put to guide commuters.\"Traffic police personnel deployed at the spot said that the congestion on the expressway and at the toll plaza was because of the construction work on the Rapid Metro project at the Cyber City junction. Commuters alleged that the private concessionaire of the expressway was not paying heed to the chaos on the road and was only interested in collecting the user fee. \"Traffic crawled for several hours. They could have opened the toll gates and provided free passage to commuters in such a situation,\" said Deepankar Golcha, another commuter.An expressway concessionaire spokesperson claimed that normal traffic flow was restored by 10.30am. \"The Rapid Metro machinery and the barricades that they had put up on the approach road abutting the service road blocked the road and did not leave enough space for the flow of traffic. This severely hampered the traffic flow which resulted in the traffic build-up up to the toll plaza and beyond. On our request and on the intervention of the traffic police the barricades and the machinery were removed and normal traffic flow was restored,\" he added.The Rapid Metro spokesperson said that work on Metro pillars started at Shankar Chowk around a month back. \"One set of piling is completed. From today (Wednesday) new set of piling has started. Due to this, some barricades were being moved from one location to another. Due to movement of cranes and piling machines in that area, for some time there was traffic disruption in the morning. We are working closely with traffic police and NHAI to minimize traffic disruption,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11454891", "title": "Cheaper liver transplant to save 5000 lives", "text": "KOLKATA: Liver transplants could get easier and cheaper in the next 5-7 years and help to save at least 5000 patients in West Bengal annually. Diseases like cirrhosis of liver in adults and biliary atresia in children account for around 2500 deaths every year. Once patients are made aware of transplant and its benefits, it can be treated more effectively and help curb mortality rate to a great extent, says Anupam Sibal, Delhi-based paediatric gastro-eneterologist. A member of the medical team that conducted the first liver transplant in India thirteen years ago, Sibal visited Kolkata on behalf of the Children's Liver Disease Awareness and Support Programme ( CLASP).\"While in USA a transplant costs around Rs 1.2 crore, it is only around Rs 20 lakh for an adult and Rs 12 lakh for a child in India. With more and more clinical instruments being manufactured in India, the costs are coming down further. What we now need is a greater awareness. We need to tell people how liver diseases could be prevented. Then, they should be told how transplants make it possible for patients to lead a normal and healthy life,\" said Sibal.The first transplant had been done on an 18-month-old child in Kancheepuram way back in 1998. The child Sanjay Kandaswamy is now a 13-year-old boy. \"Sanjay is the ambassador of liver transplantation and his story has inspired hundreds of patients with liver failure to opt for a transplant,\" added Sibal, who had conducted the transplant along with five others. While just 80 transpalnts were done over the next seven years, scores are happening every week now.\"Organ transplant is yet to take off in a big way in India, but liver transplants are being done at a fair rate. There is scope for more. The liver has eight parts, of which 2-4 parts could be replaced with that of a blood relative. While it takes 10 days for the donor to regain fitness, the patient is usually released in three weeks,\" explained Sibal.About 50% of the transplants in children are needed due to biliary atresia - a condition in which there is no connection between the liver and the intestine. Hepatitis B , C, alcohol and liver cancer are the common causes of liver failure in adults. \"If a baby has jaundice within two weeks of birth, a liver failure can't be ruled out. But low awareness, even among the medical community, often results in neglect. I have come across hundreds of cases where the liver could have been saved with proper treatment. In adults, there is a fear associated with transplant.arranging for a donor is a big problem. Since cadaver transplantations are not yet frequent in India, blood relatives are the only option. Often, they are not ready to undergo the surgery. We have to convince them that they are not giving away the entire organ,\" said Sibal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11458745", "title": "Hrithik Roshan's mom dances on his tunes", "text": "For Hrithik Roshan's birthday, mother Pinky and aunt Kanchan shimmy for twelve minutes to a special medley of the actor's hit numbersThere was no star-studded guest list. No city nightspot was booked either. The city cops did not have to come down and crash this party. Because Hrithik Roshan had decided to be at home with his family for his 38th birthday on January 10, this year. And the quiet family dinner turned out to be the most exciting birthday of the actor's life. Thanks to mommy Pinky Roshan and aunt Kanchan.Pinky and Kanchan wanted to make Hrithik's birthday special. And for that, they not only made a medley of the actor's hit dance numbers, but also danced to it. Roshan Jr needless to say, couldn't stop smiling after this.A friend of the actor informed Mumbai Mirror, \"The quiet evening was planned for Hrithik's birthday. The entire family was coming together for dinner. Apart from his parents Rakesh and Pinky Roshan, Hrithik's uncle Rajesh Roshan joined in with his wife and kids Ehsaan and Pashmina. Hrithik's grandparent J Om Prakash and sister Sunaina had also come over for the dinner.\"But before the dinner could be laid out on the table, Hrithik was in for a surprise. \"While the family was catching up before dinner, an announcement was made about a special dance number. And then Hrithik's mother and aunt walked in to dance on a special medley of his film songs,\" added the friend.The performance, which included songs like Senorita, Dhoom Machale and Kaho Naa Pyaar Hai, lasted for twelve minutes. \"Hrithik was pleasantly surprised. He did not expect to see his otherwise shy mother dancing to his songs. The family started teasing him and told him that finally they knew where he had got his dancing abilities from,\" informed the friend.When contacted, Hrithik's father Rakesh Roshan said, \"Yes, it is true. But I would not like to elaborate on it since it was an intimate family gathering.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11455866", "title": "Dry, icy winds add to chill", "text": "KANPUR: Dry and icy winds caused a further dip in the minimum temperature on Wednesday. The weatherman predicted that cold conditions may intensify in the days to come.The city was among the coldest districts in the state for the sixth consecutive day with minimum temperature recorded as 5.6 degrees Celsius.This was considerably lower than the normal level. The maximum temperature was recorded at 17.8 degrees Celsius, which was also below normal.The dry westerly winds blowing from hill regions have brought down minimum temperature. \"Since skies are clear during day time, night temperatures have dipped. Clear skies allow heat trapped in the ground to escape freely, which lowers the temperature,\" said Anirudh Dubey, weather scientist at CSA.Notably, the Met department, in its long-term forecast, had already predicted 'normal winters' this year, which means fog in the morning, clear skies/sunshine during the day and chilly nights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11455299", "title": "Middle-aged want to go the full distance", "text": "MUMBAI: Visualize a 45-year-old. The image that comes to your mind is that of a balding man who wears his paunch as proudly as his ability to knock back beers.But perceptions can be deceptive. Almost 20% of the runners who will be attempting to complete the 42.2km distance in the Standard Chartered Mumbai Marathon on January 15 will be over 45. Of the 2,708 marathoners, 500 are over the age of 45, and of these almost 125 are over 55, an age when you start getting the retirement blues.Even among the 2,208 runners in the open category, many are well past their 35th birthday. Running lends itself well to older people, when discipline and the need to stay fit kicks in, when the stat that worries you is the blood-sugar count.Pravin Gaikwad, a Mumbai-based doctor who will be attempting his first full marathon at the age of 50 this Sunday, says if you stay fit everything is possible.\"According to a study in the US, 50 is considered the new 40.\" He feels a man/woman is much more mature when s/he is in middle-age. \"You are able to handle responsibilities much better. Your children are old enough to take care of themselves and generally, having achieved many things in life, you are looking forward to a new venture.\"\"Also, you have better discipline to pursue an activity like running,\" feels the doctor, who's also an aspiring triathlete.K C Kothandapani, a former Indian Air Force captain, who can stop the clock at 3 hours 40 minutes in a full marathon, adds a word of caution, \"Recovery is where age becomes a factor.\"Kothandapani, who has been running for 30 years, finds his recovery rate is slower when he is older. \"When I was younger, my recovery rate was good enough to allow me to have two training sessions in a day. Now I cannot do it as frequently, many times I have to settle for a single session in a day.\"Ashok Nath, another Bangalore-based runner, who at 48 is capable of running the marathon distance in under three hours, believes running comes late because it is \"part of people's bucket list before they die\".\"Not many who are 45 and over might be competing; many would just be happy to run. I can count my competitors on my fingertips. But for a 45+ man or woman to even run that distance is commendable. It is definitely better than watching your blood sugar and blood pressure monitors all the time,\" says Nath.And yes, amateur runners last longer. \"Many athletes who compete for the top prize in a marathon are much younger and their intense training makes them a spent force by the time they turn 40. In contrast, somebody who takes up running well past his 35th birthday tends to have a longer running life because of his developed habit to take it easy,\" says Nath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11456338", "title": "Brinda Karat meet Pranab Mukherjee, seeks measures for tribals in budget", "text": "NEW DELHI: A joint delegation of the Adivasi Adhikar Rashtriya Manch and the Campaign for Survival and Dignity led by CPM leader Brinda Karat met finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Wednesday with a set of demands for adivasis in the forthcoming budget.Mukherjee assured the delegation of sympathetic consideration of their demands. The delegation while welcoming the initiative in the last budget for a separate accounting system for TSP ( Tribal Sub-Plan) pointed out the serious problems revealed by the figures. The central government's allocations fall far short of the mandatory allocation of at least 8.5% of the budget for tribal development, proportionate to the tribal population. In the 2011-2012 budget it is only around 5.6%.Moreover the allocation for tribal specific schemes is a dismal 1.41% of the budget. The delegation listed a series of critical issues which require a far increased allocation such as automatic inclusion of all ST communities in BPL lists and requisite budgetary allocations for that, a special central scheme for expanding government procurement and guaranteeing a minimum support price for minor forest produce including medicinal plants, increase in students stipends, setting up of vocational training centres in tribal blocks.The delegation also pointed out that the allocations being made to environment ministry for the Green India Mission and other afforestation programmes are being used against tribals as the forest departments are indiscriminately planting trees on tribals' and other forest dwellers' lands denying them their rights.It suggested that as an interim measure, pending the democratisation of all afforestation schemes, the allocations of funds should be given under the joint jurisdiction of the tribal affairs ministry, panchayati raj ministry along with environment ministry to ensure that the provisions of the Forest Rights Act and the Panchayati Raj Extension in Scheduled Areas Act are complied with and the rights and powers of forest dwelling communities respected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11456190", "title": "After three cold nights, mercury set to rise in coming days", "text": "PANAJI: After experiencing cold winter nights for the last three days, temperatures are set to rise due to a change in wind patterns from northerly and north easterly to easternly. So far, January 10, 2012, was the coldest day this winter with a temperature of 17.1 degrees celsius.\"For the last two days, the temperature was low during the nights at 17.4 degrees celsius on January 9 and 17.1 on January 10. From January 11, the temperature has gone up again to 19.6 degrees and from here on it is expected to be around 19 to 20 degrees celsius for some days as there is a change in the pattern of winds,\" Met department head K V Singh said.Singh said that the temperature might dip again later this season. \"Last month, the temperature had dipped to 17.4 degrees celsius but went up later due to cyclonic winds in the Bay of Bengal. There are cyclonic winds circulating in the Arabian Sea again which has taken the temperature up this year, too,\" Singh said.He said that the cyclonic winds circulating are affecting the temperature in Maharastra and Gujarat as well.He said that January 12 and 13 last year were the coldest days of the season where the temperature dropped to 17 degrees celsius and that this season can also witness days just as cold if the pattern in winter winds is restored.Other than January 12 and 13, 2011, the coldest winter days experienced by Goa in recent times go back to January, 2008. On January 20 that year a temperature of 15.3 degrees celsius was recorded. The coldest winter day in Goa's recent history was on January 3, 1991, when the temperature dipped to an all-time low for the coastal state at 14.4 degrees celsius. This record is yet unmatched.Singh said that with the expection of cyclonic winds that disturbed the winter wind patterns this year, winter in Goa has been normal and set in on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11455912", "title": "Top official of city chemical firm arrested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The executive director of a city-based manufacturer of pigments and agrochemicals was arrested in an import scam on Wednesday. Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) officials arrested Ramesh Patel of Meghmani Organics in a more than Rs 4-crore duty evasion case.Ramesh's arrests follows busting of a fraud where DRI officials found that consignments of city-based chemical company Mahadev Chemicals imported from China were mis-declared to evade the duty.DRI officials said that using different companies owned by his kin, Ramesh had been importing Diethyl Thiophosphoryl Chloride (DETCL) but declaring the same as Diethylenetriamine (Deta). Officials said that in the last one year, Ramesh has allegedly evaded more than Rs 4 crore anti-dumping duty levied on imports of DETCL.DRI officials had on December 31 seized 10 containers at inland container depot (ICD), Khodiyar. The chemical inside the container was declared to be as Diethylenetriamine (Deta), however, upon verification if turned out be Diethyl Thiophosphoryl Chloride (DETCL).\"When promoter of Mahadev Chemical's Anil Patel was quizzed he told us that he had imported the chemicals for Meghmani Organic and was asked to do so by Ramesh. Following his statement, Meghmani's Ankleshwar plant and office in Ahmedabad and seized 76 tonnes of DETCL imported earlier,\" said a senior DRI official.DRI officials said that during the search they found documents suggesting that Ramesh, through Mahadev Chemicals and another company Viddhi Chemicals, has fraudulently imported over 600 tonnes of DETCL from China.\"Statements of company's executive chairman Jayanti Patel, Ankleshwar plant in-charge Vasant Patel and other employees were recorded. All of them said that Ramesh was looking after the imports and no one else is aware of the mis-declaration. Investigations have revealed that Ramesh through Meghmani's office in Shanghai had allegedly designed the scam,\" DRI sources said.A more than 1.2$ per kilogram anti-dumping duty is levied on imports of DETCL from China, which is an intermediate used for manufacturing pesticides.\"The government had in 2009 introduced an anti-dumping duty of around Rs 30 per kilogram of DETCL. The city-based company has accepted the misdeclaration charges and has already paid Rs 1.25 crore evaded duty on the consignments which weigh around 200 tonnes. However, DRI suspects that the firm actually carried out imports for a chemical manufacturing giant,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11454693", "title": "Bhowanipore riot accused rearrested", "text": "KOLKATA: Jagannath Jha, who is alleged to have led a riotous mob into Bhowanipore police station on November 6, was arrested by the detective department on Tuesday soon after he got bail from an Alipore court.The police station attack, in all likelihood, will also be probed by the city detectives. Jha, however, was rearrested in an arms recovery case filed at Chetla police station.The Bhowanipore incident snowballed into a major controversy after it was known that the rival clubs who clashed with each other - and later with police - were allegedly patronized, among others, by the chief minister's brother.Two police officers were moved elsewhere for their apparent failure to control the situation. Video footage of the attack on the police station led police to identify Jagannath as the leader of the mob. He went underground and was arrested two months later, on January 7.He was booked for rioting, damage of government property and assault on police and remanded in police custody. On Tuesday, police sought an extension of remand but an Alipore court rejected the appeal and granted bail to Jagannath. He was rearrested within minutes by detectives.Jagannath, a resident of Rani Shankari Lane is known as a petty criminal in the locality and is believed to be close associate of Kumar Saha - a politician and realtor with criminal antecedents. Before assembly polls, he was arrested by Anti Rowdy Squad ( ARS) of the detective department and after spending two months behind the bars he was released. Jagannath's mentor Kumar is associated with Congress but after change of guards in state politics Jagannath reportedly joined Trinamool's ranks and was the member of a club reportedly patronized by chief minister's brother. That night, miscreants led by Jagannath flaunted their Trinamool connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11455711", "title": "Veerappan's wife demands ban on movie", "text": "CHENNAI: Slain forest brigand Veerappan's wife Muthulakshmi on Wednesday sought a ban on a movie 'Vanayudham' saying it portrays her husband and the family in poor light.Muthulakshmi told reporters that A M R Ramesh, the film's director had never discussed the story with her. \"The film portrays my husband and our family in bad light. I have serious objections to the film being released in Tamil Nadu. It must be banned,\" she said.Asked whether she will reconsider her stand if changes were made to the film, she said she will not allow film to be released unless the director consulted her about every scene \"as there are a lot of factual errors\". Muthulakshmi, who spent six years in the custody of special task force and three years in a Karnataka jail in connection with various cases in which her husband was involved, said the portrayal of her as a cruel woman in the film would influence pending cases against her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11459054", "title": "Kylie Minogue sends congratulations to Halle and Olivier", "text": "Kylie Minogue has congratulated Halle Berry and Olivier Martinez on their engagement.The 'Spinning Around' hitmaker - who dated the French model for five years before they split in 2007 - sent her warm wishes to the couple after it was revealed earlier today (11.01.12) that they plan to tie the knot.Writing on her twitter page, Kylie said: \"Congrats to Olivier Martinez and Halle Berry!! #wedding (sic)\"The 46-year-old hunk is said to have proposed to Halle - who was previously married to baseball player David Justice for four years until 1997 and tied the knot with Eric Benet in 2001 before separating two years later - with an emerald-and-diamond ring over the Christmas period.A source told the new issue of Us Weekly magazine: \"Halle had given up on being married, but she trusts Olivier. He makes her feel safe. He's a keeper!\"It is believed the actress agreed to marry Olivier - who she has been dating since autumn 2010 - because she was impressed with how he treats Nahla, her three-year-old daughter with former boyfriend Gabriel Aubry.A source said: \"Halle is very serious about this marriage. She's ready. Olivier has become her rock.\"Halle feels Olivier has made a connection and a commitment to her and her daughter.\"The pair are expected to tie the knot in California early this summer and Halle is said to be happier than ever.The insider added: \"Deciding to marry again is huge for Halle. But friends have never seen her this happy and fulfilled.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11461697", "title": "Dark tales", "text": "His first album titled Snakeism (July 2010) featured song names like Black Eyed Monster, Ode to a Thorn, No Way Around.Second album titled Dead Loops (May 2011) pushed the envelope further in terms of dark element, with song names like Acid Facial, Purgatory City, Poison Flask, Wrethced Ghost. But 23-year-old Kishore Krishna, lead vocalist of the Chennai-based band, Adam And The Fish Eyed Poets feels his songs and music aren't dark and that they are in fact just \"being me\" referring to himself as a \"loner\" isolated from the rest of the society, and someone who \"never really fitted in\". Writing songs about characters that he creates, combining different and interesting traits of the people around him (not autobiographical, he quickly clarifies), Kishore is a storyteller and is influenced by varied artists and bands like Sam Cooke , Elvis Costello , Hank Williams , The Smiths , Radiohead , and genres like RnB, Rock n Roll, the early eighties, to name a few.For the past year-and-a-half, Kishore has been solely spearheading the band but recently around six months ago, band members Nischint Murari and Abhinav Krishnaswamy (guitar/bass), and Prabhu Muralee (drums) joined in. And Krishna is currently wanting to expand the band further and is on the look out for a female vocalist. When asked, the reason for recent expansion of the band, Krishna explains, \"Working alone is great. However, working with other people brings more learning experience and variety to my work.\" Krishna who is a self-taught musician, plays the guitar and \"a little bit of everything\" like the piano, bass and drums.However, this musician who dropped out of his architectural course within six months, only to pursue music full time, is quite modest about his talent saying that he doesn't consider himself a professional musician. \"All I want to do is write amazing songs and come out with good albums. Recognition and financial success is not my top priority,\" he says.Having performed in the city, couple of days back at a South Mumbai club, Adam And The Fish Eyed Poets are gearing up for the release of their third album titled, Songs From An Island. Kishore who has penned and sung the songs has addressed socially relevant issues like homosexuality and homophobia through the fictional female protagonist of his songs, Shanti. The album will feature 21 tracks, including Barbed By A Cocoon, a song about Shanti, an egodystonic lesbian who's experiencing claustrophobia hiding in the closet and unable to accept her sexuality; Redecoration Rules is about Shanti's phase of menopause , wherein she tries to a perfect housewife decorating her house whilst living with her indifferent husband; Cosmic Katy is a song inspired by Katy Perry wherein Shanti is having a meltdown because of her homophobia and acts aggressive by tearing a magazine cover featuring Katy Perry, symbolising freedom and a happy person. However, Kishore clarifies that he is not here to preach any social message through his music, it's purely storytelling through music. As for the serious aura of the album, he describes Songs From An Island as \"\"melodiously rich, lush and irony\" compared to his previous albums, Snakeism as \"rude\" and Dead Loops as \"raw and unembellished\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11462185", "title": "EC decision of covering elephant statues unjustified: BSP", "text": "LUCKNOW: BSP on Thursday claimed that Election Commission decision of covering statues of Uttar Pradesh chief minister Mayawati and party symbol elephant is one-sided and unjustified and was a violation of Article 14 of the constitution.BSP national general secretary Satish Chandra Mishra said that due to the decision taken on the memoranda of SP, Congress and BJP , Dalits and backwards were feeling cheated.\"The decision is violation of Article 14 of the constitution, which provides right of equality. Similar decisions should be taken against other parties also\", he said in a letter to the EC.\"A number of BSP workers and supporters wanted to come out on roads to protest the EC decision but BSP supremo Mayawati has given them strict orders to them to maintain law and order so that election process did not get affected\", Mishra pointed out.BSP had expected that EC would hold free and fair elections but its decision had demoralised the party, Mishra said adding that had the EC taken unbiased decision on the issue, BSP would have been given equal chance in the elections.\"The statues installed in parks and memorials are in a welcome position with upside trunk and the BSP symbol elephant has down trunk, which did not violate model code of conduct. The elephants--one installed in parks and memorials and the party symbol do not have any similarity\", he claimed adding the statues of the elephant are installed in a number of temples and government buildings.Mishra said, \"even in Rastrapati Bhavan, North Block and South Block elephant statues are there on upper parts of the pillars and also above the Speaker's chair in Parliament\".If EC has objection on \"our elephant\", it should also have an objection on SP symbol cycle, BJP's lotus and RLD's handpump.\"Handpump is installed everywhere on government expenses. Also EC should take note of statues of former presidents and leaders of other parties\", he said.He said that statues of Mayawati, who is \"dalit ki beti\" and four time CM of Uttar Pradesh and BSP symbol elephant did not affect voters in any way.\"The EC should reconsider its decision, which is one sided so that BSP candidates should get equal opportunities in the assembly polls\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11454381", "title": "NCP board to kick off interviews today", "text": "NAGPUR: The parliamentary board of the Nationalist Congress Party is meeting here on Thursday. Deputy chairman of the legislative council and NCP leader Vasant Davkhare will be attending it as observer, the party's city unit chief Ajay Patil said.The NCP parliamentary board for the NMC polls is headed by food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh and has ex-minister Ramesh Bang, ex-MLC Girish Gandhi and others in it. Both the Congress as well as the NCP are firm on having a pre-poll alliance this time for the civic poll. But the tussle over seat sharing is taking an ugly turn. After its first list of 47 persons, was rejected by the Congress, the NCP scaled it down to 40. But the Congress is in no mood to give more than 20 to 30. To make matters worse, the NCP has sought seats in Congress stronghold prabhags and has sitting members.The matter may be internally discussed at the NCP board, sources said. However, NCP maintained that it was going ahead with screening process of the over 1000 applications it had received from aspirants for the NMC polls. \"The board will start the interviewing them now,\" said Patil. \"If the pre-poll alliance works out and the Congress gives us enough seats at least to accommodate important party workers, well and good. Or else we will go ahead and fianlise our list,\" said Patil.Meanwhile, the local Congress parliamentary board headed by city MP and AICC general secretary Vilas Muttemwar has also resumed internal talks to streamline their probable candidates from each prabhag. \"We are waiting for a final list from the NCP,\" said city Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta hoping that the seat sharing would be settled this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11455951", "title": "Gujarat groomed Swami Vivekanand for greatness", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Before his path-breaking trip to the US to participate in the Parliament of Religions at Chicago in 1983, Swami Vivekanand travelled across India for about three years, of which perhaps the longest and most important period was spent in Gujarat.After visiting Ahmedabad, Limbdi, Junagadh, Dwarka, Somnath, Jamnagar, Porbandar, Bhuj, Narayan Sarovar, Bhavnagar, Palitana, Nadiad and other places, he finally came to Vadodara in April 1892. This period of travel in Gujarat played an important part in transforming his personality and preparing him for the task of regeneration of the nation and the world which lay ahead. It was in Gujarat that Vivekanand, for the first time, heard of the great religious convention that was to be held the following year.According to Swami Vivekanand's earliest biographers, this period of his wandering in Gujarat was fruitful and significant. It was here that his whole outlook was oriented to the path of greatness.It has been written: \"It was as though all India were pressing its life through the channels of his personality. He passed through terrible commotion. It might have been at Porbandar that this spirit took birth. It was during the wanderings in Porbandar that he came to realize that he had a mission to perform.\"Vivekanand told the Maharaja of Porbandar and his friends: \"I have a mission to perform. But I cannot clearly see at present how I shall begin or where it is to be.\"He told his brother-disciple Swami Trigunatitananda at Porbandar: \"Sarada, I am beginning to understand to some extent, now what the Master has said of me. Really there is so much power in me, I feel as though I could revolutionize the world!\"During his wanderings in Gujarat (in the cell of Sharada Math, Dwaraka) \"he perceived a great light, as it were - and that was the bright future of India.\" While visiting the ancient temple of Sati Ranak Devi he came to realize the sacredness of the marital relationship as idealized in Hindu scriptures. And it was while visiting the historic Jain temples of Palitana that he saw India as one huge temple, as it were, with chapels and sanctuaries everywhere. He also saw the glory of Mahabharat here.It was in Gujarat, while looking on the ruins of the magnificent Somnath temple, which was destroyed and rebuilt several times, that Vivekananda came to realize the glory of India's past. Here, for the first time he was inspired by the Thakore Saheb of Limbdi to go West to preach the Sanatana Dharma. Here in Gujarat, not just his mental outlook but even his physical look was transformed.His brother-disciple Swami Akhandananda wrote in his memoirs: \"I at last reached Mandvi... I saw that Swamiji had undergone a great change in his appearance. His beauty illumined the whole room.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11459037", "title": "Amala to star opposite Ajith?", "text": "The actress is likely to bag the role in Vishnuvardhan's film with A M RatnamEven as Ajith is gearing up to finish work on Billa 2, rumours regarding his leading lady for his next with Vishnuvardhan are cropping up. The buzz is Amala Paul is one of the frontrunners in the race. A little birdie tells us that Ajith's film with Vishnu is likely to start rolling from March and the team is looking to finalize the cast as first priority.A source close to Ajith says, \"Since work on Billa 2 is on in full swing, it will be a while before anything can be confirmed on Ajith's next film. Though, official announcements regarding the rest of the cast will be made soon.\"When we asked Vishnuvardhan if he's looking to cast Amala Paul in the lead, he said, \"Scripting work is on for the film and I'm yet to give a final shape to a few characters. It's a little early to comment on the cast now as I'm yet to initiate talks with the artists.\"Interestingly, Anushka has been finalized as Ajith's pair in his film for late Nagi Reddy's production house, which will go on floors after he completes the film with Vishnu!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11457186", "title": "Rahul Gandhi\u2019s new caste calculus", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a radical departure from his party's reliance on upper castes, Rahul Gandhi is gambling with the Mandal card in UP with a huge increase in tickets to OBC ( Other Backward Caste) and MBC ( Most Backward Caste) nominees.Out of 325 candidates declared by Congress so far, around 90 are from these groups. Congress leaders say it is double what the party gave OBCs and MBCs in the 2007 Assembly elections.The race for OBC-MBC votes has resulted in some surprise choices, creating a storm in the party's Brahmin-dominated state unit. Nominee for the Jamania seat in east UP's Gazipur district, for instance, is an MBC woman Kalawati Bind, currently in jail on a murder charge and suspected Naxalite links.Her Congress backers, like Amaresh Misra, say she is a political activist wrongfully arrested for protesting against the illegal detention of a Bind boy for theft. In the ensuing violence, a police inspector was shot dead. Kalawati was chosen despite her history because as her village's ex-pradhan, she is her community's most prominent face in an area with 2 lakh Bind.In Bundelkhand, the feisty leader of the dreaded allwoman Gulabi gang, Sampat Pal, has a Congress ticket from Manikpur. Also an MBC from the Garediya (shepherd) caste, she bagged a nomination in the face of stiff opposition from local Congressmen who consider her an \"extortionist''. But in Rahul's book, she is an important MBC leader of a gang of women who are a force to reckon with for their demonstrations against corrupt and unpopular state officials.Rahul's plunge into the caste matrix of UP is because Congress has been left out of UP's social churning over the last 25 years. While SP and BSP led the charge of lower castes, and BJP briefly reaped benefits by projecting Lodh leaders like Kalyan Singh , Congress remained stuck in the Brahmin-Muslim-Dalit combine Indira Gandhi crafted in the 1970s.The spearhead of Rahul's strategy is Beni Prasad Verma , a Kurmi leader who left the SP before the 2009 LS polls to join Congress. He is credited with the party's electoral gains in central UP's Kurmi belt. Rahul 's team has done homework on the demographics of each Assembly segment, breaking social groupings down to the smallest castes. Verma's long years in SP have helped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "11460488", "title": "'Pay board rent as per market rates for Waqf properties\u2019", "text": "MALEGAON: Clerics have started campaigning against the provisions of the Right To Education (RTE) Act and the changes suggested in the Waqf amendment bill, with the secretary of the All India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB) Maulana Syed Mohd Wali Rahmani criticizing the Congress for ignoring the amendments suggested by the board.\"On the one hand, Congress ministers claim that the government is working hard to stop misuse of Waqf properties, and on the other, the same ministers overlook our longstanding demands and recommendations, which are also supported by the panels and committees formed by their own government, for a stronger Waqf Act\", he said while addressing a rally at Malegaon on Wednesday. The AIMPLB is demanding a stronger Waqf Act for the safety of Waqf properties. Claiming that most of the properties are either encroached upon or are being used by tenants paying a meager rent, the AIMPLB is demanding suitable amendments in the Waqf Amendment Bill (2010). The bill has been passed by the Lok Sabha and is now lying with the Steering Committee of the Rajya Sabha.\"If you are serious, bring Waqf properties under the Public Premises' Act and pay rent as per the market rate. Accept this and we will never ask anything from you,\" he said. He criticized certain provisions under the RTE Act like age-based admissions, elimination of examination system till a certain age limit, norms for school infrastructure, the concept of neighbourhood schools and school curriculum.\"How can we ensure quality education if we can't conduct exams and are forced to give admissions based on age or proximity to the school, without judging the calibre of the students?\" he said. Referring to sections 17 (5) and 18 (1) of the RTE Act, which bar setting up of schools without prior permission and set guidelines about school curriculum, he said, \"These sections are in direct conflict with the rights given to the religious and linguistic minorities under article 29 and 30 of the Indian Constitution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "theni", "code": "11455670", "title": "'State keen on expediting Pennycuick memorial plan'", "text": "THENI: The state government is keen on fast-tracking the construction of the memorial for Col John Pennycuick, the royal engineer, who built the Mullaperiyar dam.PWD secretary, M Saikumar visited Theni and inspected the site identified for construction of the memorial at TANGEDCO office in Lower Camp at the foothills of Periyar Tiger Reserve. The two acres of vacant site next to the TNEB's inspection bungalow has been chosen for the construction of the memorial and installation of a life-size statue of Pennycuick. He had issued instructions to expedite the preliminary works to commence the construction.A PWD official, who accompanied Saikumar said that the project has been targeted for completion in six months. Even if there is any delay, the memorial would be ready by January 15, 2013, when the next birth anniversary of Pennycuick is celebrated. The official said that the memorial would be turned into a tourist attraction.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Sunday announced the memorial to honour the British, as was the popular sentiment of the people of southern districts. The memorial will cost Rs one crore and the government has plans to invite Pennycuick's grandson to unveil the statue.\"The PWD in-house architects have been told to design the memorial and they are at it. It is likely to get at least five designs and one among them will be finalised by the chief minister this weekend,\" said a senior PWD official. The government has been keen on building a structure in honour of the self-less soul, whose historic venture turned the arid region of southern Tamil Nadu prosper.At least 2.23 lakh acres of land in five southern districts, including Madurai, Dindigul, Theni, Sivaganga and Ramanathapuram rely on the water drawn from the Mullaperiyar dam. Thanks to Pennycuick, the water from rivers Mullayar and Periyar that emptied in Arabian Sea was made to divert from Mullaperiyar gravity dam to Vaigai dam in Theni district. When the construction work stalled for want of funds from the then British government, Pennycuick mobilised funds from selling his ancestral property back home.\"The memorial will come up in 2,500 sq ft of the two-acre site. The chances of laying the foundation stone on the birth anniversary of Pennycuick on January15, are likely,\" said sources.Saikumar also visited Mullaperiyar dam and watched the collection of core samples from the dam structure. Drilling on the 1200-foot-dam began a few days back to collect core samples of lime mortar and surki, as per the instructions of the empowered committee on the dam safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "11454652", "title": "PhD student files plaint against VC, three others", "text": "WARDHA: The forged migration certificate case took a serious turn on Tuesday when Rajeev Suman, a PhD student of Mahatma Gandhi Antarrashtriya Hindi University, lodged a complaint with Sewagram police station against vice-chancellor Vibhuti Narain Rai and three other officials, claiming that attempts were made to take revenge against activism for highlighting the alleged malpractices in the university.Names of university registrar Kailash Khamre, deputy registrar of academics Kadar Nawaj Khan and examination in-charge KK Tripathi also figure in the police complaint. The latest development comes in the wake of a complaint Khamre lodged against former student of the university Sanjeev Chandan on Thursday last. Police have registered a case against the four accused under sections 420, 468 and some others and started an inquiry.In his complaint, Suman said that the accused had issued him a forged migration certificate in April 2011 to take revenge against his activism. In July 2011, Suman was selected for PhD in Dalit and Janjati Adhyayan Kendra of MGIHU where he took admission and submitted the migration certificate given to him by the university.Suman's complaint said that despite knowing that the document was forged, deputy registrar Kadar Nawaj Khan kept it in his possession for three months. Suman claimed that he got the certificate in October only after he was asked to sign it himself as is the practice in the university. Sources said that this is not the usual practice elsewhere. Besides, the certificate was back-dated.Talking to TOI, Suman said that \"students submit original migration certificate at the time of taking admission. The academic office would not have accepted it had it not been original. In that case how the academic registrar accepted it and later forced me to endorse with other documents,\" he asked.Suman had alleged in November that senior officials of the university were involved in giving forged migration and other documents. He had raised the issue through an application on November 25 last year. Ironically, the university suspended him soon after. The migration certificate of Suman is similar to that of the disputed certificate submitted by the university registrar before the police. An FIR was lodged against the former student.When asked for comments, university PRO BS Mirge said that \"an inquiry is being held in Suman's matter.\" VC Rai and registrar Khamre could not be contacted as they are out of station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460387", "title": "6 rape accused remanded in police custody", "text": "NASHIK: The six auto-rickshaw drivers accused of raping an 18-year-old girl were on Thursday remanded in police custody for five days. They were nabbed by the Panchavati police on Wednesday, after the victim lodged a complaint of kidnap and gang rape against them. The girl was kidnapped and raped by the gang on Tuesday night.According to the police, the girl had travelled to Makhmalabad village to watch an entertainment programme that featured Marathi film actress Alka Kubal. After the programme got over, the girl, along with her 12-year-old younger brother, started walking home.While they were walking along Sulewadi Road, a gang comprising Laxman Pawar, Bhausaheb Dhage and Vipul Varade travelling in a taxi stopped her. Subsequently, they assaulted her younger brother and forcibly took the girl in the vehicle to an isolated place at Tavli Phata on Peth Road and raped her.Later, Pawar contacted his friends Sagar Shinde and Ravi Badgujar on the cell phone and called them to the spot. The girl was handed over to the two miscreants, who arrived in a rickshaw and took her to an abandoned bungalow at Makhmalabad Naka. One more accused, Chetan Dive, joined them and the girl was raped by all three. The Panchavati police said that the girl freed herself from the miscreants and reached home around 4am. She narrated the entire incident to her mother, who lodged a complaint at the Panchavati police station on Wednesday morning.The Panchavati police said that the girl was acquainted with Pawar, who apparently stopped her on Tuesday and offered her a lift. But since she refused to accompany him, her brother was beaten up and she was threatened of dire consequences.According to the police, all the accused are autorickshaw drivers from the city. There have been cases earlier as well when girls returning home from entertainment programmes have been kidnapped and raped. The city police commissionerate registered 23 rape cases in 2009, 29 cases in 2010 and 22 cases by October 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11453544", "title": "Cops probe sale of fake tickets worth Rs 1cr at Auto Expo", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Police has begun investigations into allegations that a few people had tried to sell fake tickets near Pragati Maidan during the auto expo. The police said that they are investigating the case after several people who visited the auto fair claimed that they had been \"tricked\" into buying these tickets after they were approached by touts.The cops are trying to find out whether anyone managed to enter the expo using fake tickets. The cops said that so far, the fake-ticket racketeers managed to earn around a crore during the entire fair. The investigators said that the role of insiders cannot be ruled out and that police will approach the organizers soon to seek their inputs regarding the entire incident.\"We had inputs about the fake tickets and accordingly laid a trap. However, we were not successful in nabbing anyone on Wednesday but we will continue to work on the information we have,\" said the officer. Meanwhile, even as the expo ended on Wednesday, the organizers were already mulling over whether to move the next edition of the biennial trade show from Pragati Maidan and to a more spacious 'world-class' location so that the expo could be touted as the largest in the world. Organizers of the expo are also debating whether to host the event on February 5-12, 2014. Traditionally, the auto expo has been held in the first week of January.\"So many people visited the auto expo that we had to stop allowing people in after a while to security and infrastructure issues,\" Auto Expo 2012 steering committee chairman Rajive Kaul told the media on Wednesday. The organisers had decided to restrict the number of people present inside the venue to one lakh daily, including 30,000 people from the exhibitors' side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "perth", "code": "11461380", "title": "Good problem for Australian selectors ahead of Perth Test: Gillespie", "text": "PERTH: Australian selectors might be toiling hard to decide whether to include off-spinner Nathan Lyon at the pace-friendly WACA track or not but former pacer Jason Gillespie feels it is a good problem for the new selection panel ahead of the third Test against India.\"Australia will be tempted to play four seamers in Perth. It will be a close call on Nathan. I usually like to see a spinner in the XI. Spinners get wickets with drift and bounce in Perth and Lyon would use the breeze well and get good bounce using flight and his height,\" Gillespie was quoted as saying by 'Daily Telegraph'.\"You have Ryan Harris , Mitchell Starc with the left arm variation who hasn't done a lot wrong in his two Test matches, Siddle and Hilfenhaus. It is a really good problem to have for the selectors,\" he added.Cricket Australia's new selection and rotation policy goes against the grain for Gillespie's former Test teammate Andy Bichel who is on a panel, including Rod Marsh, John Inverarity, skipper Michael Clarke and coach Mickey Arthur.Gillespie said it will be interesting to see what role Bichel plays as he too was one of the victims of rotations.\"I know Rod Marsh has been around for a long time but it is a good test for someone like Andy Bichel who brings that bowler's perspective,\" said Gillespie of Bichel, who took 58 wickets in 19 Tests between 1997 and 2003.\"I think it is going to be an important role with all these rotations. It will be interesting as Bich was one of the big victims of rotations.\"He would get a Test and if Brett Lee , myself or Michael Kasprowicz would come back from injury he would be jettisoned. I can't imagine he would be a favourite of rotation,\" he said.Gillespie said the Indian batsmen surrendering to Australian pace battery has made an all-out pace attack a viable option in the third Test.\"As we have seen with the Indians they are not coping with pace and Australia might just think 'let's go hard at them!\" said Gillespie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "11461450", "title": "For a signature, Malegaon doctor prescribes polio vaccination", "text": "MALEGAON: It was the price they had to pay to get the signature of a government doctor to identify them for getting the Unique Identification Authority of India cards-Aadhar-and before the ink dried down, he had elicited a promise from the reluctant citizens of Malegaon: to vaccinate their children against polio.Today, a majority of citizens have vaccinated their children against polio, a drive started by the government but made possible by Malegaon's health officer Bharat Wagh. It all began when a corporator approached Wagh with a request to sign a certificate stating that he knew the person and that the person was a native of Malegaon. \"Soon it became a routine. People from faraway places would come to me requesting me to sign their certificates. Since I have served in Malegaon in various capacities for more than 15 years, it is not a problem for me to recognise them,\" he said. Today, he issues around 200 certificates every day to people and has already signed over 50,000 certificates.But the idea to make them take the pledge came when he visited Devi Ka Malla and Abbas Nagar areas of Malegaon where two polio cases were detected in August 2010. Various attempts by World Health Organisation officials had failed to convince people about the anti-polio drive.\"We were on a vaccination driveo ne day, when we visited a high risk area where a woman after spotting me requested to sign her son's certificate. I signed but not before taking the pledge from her to support us in the polio vaccination drive,\" Wagh said. \"The small favour I did helped us a lot and we could succeed in doing 99% vaccination in the area which was in the news ever since the detection of the two cases,\" he said. He recalls an instance where a woman had come walking with her son from the far end of the powerloom town to get her certificates signed.\"She said that since it was difficult for her to remember his name, shetold her son to write his name on the palm. I was very so moved by her gesture,\" Wagh said. Recognizing his efforts and contribution in the polio vaccination drive, Malegaon Mahotsav felicitated him on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11457156", "title": "CAT toppers more keen on \u2018finance\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: The results of Common Admission Test (CAT) 2011 are out, and the toppers are flaunting a big smile. Holding the top position in the city is Kumar Dipanshu with 99.8 percentile. An engineering graduate, Dipanshu is employed with an IT company in Lucknow for the last one-and-a-half years.He said, \"I always wanted to get into the management cadre. Only engineering does not take you up.'' After securing a satisfactory score in his third attempt, he now wants to take up finance as MBA specialisation. ``It's because I want to make use of my mathematical and analytical skills. Finance is also one sector that interests me more than marketing or human resource,'' reasoned Dipanshu.He is not alone who is interested in finance. Another CAT topper Sahil Govil, a final year engineering student, has secured 99.67 percentile. He got this score in his very first attempt. Singling out finance over other subjects, Sahil said, \"It fetches better paying jobs when compared to other specialisations.''For Apoorv Garg, CAT results were a real shock. In fact, it was worst for him in all his three attempts. Apoorv secured 99.58 percentile in his first attempt, and 99.91 percentile in the second one. In his third attempt, which was CAT 2011, he secured 99.53 percentile.Last year, he could not make it to IIM-Kolkata. \"I decided to take the examination again. Unfortunately, I scored lowest this time,'' said a worried Apoorv, though he showed confidence to convert his call this time in his dream institution. Working with an IT company, Apoorv is also inclined towards finance. \"I think I am better at calculations and logic rather than running around in order to get high incentives,'' he said.Amid the male-dominated engineers' fraternity, there is Anushree Jain who has scored 98.73 percentile. Incidentally, she is also an engineering student who worked with an MNC for sometime. And yes, she also wants to study finance. She said, \"I can use my potential in the finance sector better than in any other field. I am good at quantitative work and so I look forward to finance. Better pay packages are obviously another reason.''For management aspirants, it seems finance sector is making a comeback. However, the choice of finance stream has surprised the experts. Nishant Priyadarshini, director of an MBA coaching institute, said, \"CAT toppers have well assessed the long-term scenario. Finance is more thinking-based and numerical. It is brain at work rather than the body (in case of marketing). But it's surprising that though finance is undergoing bad phase all around the world, the students are looking up to jobs in this field. I think that by the time these candidates get placed, finance will make a comeback.'' Candidates from engineering background taking up MBA is though not surprising. ``Nearly 75% of those studying at IIMs are engineers,'' said he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11461261", "title": "Civic staff works nights to complete e-voters\u2019 list", "text": "NASHIK: To meet the January 12 deadline for publishing e-voters' list and to avoid taking special permission from the election commission, 550 employees of the Nashik Municipal Corporation will be sitting up all night on Tuesday and Wednesday to tally the list. The e-voters' list finalization has been delayed as the district collector had failed to send the soft copy of the voters' list to the municipal corporation by January 5 due to some glitches. He had already sent the printed copy but the civic authorities had wanted a soft copy so that they could verify and upload it on the website for voters to cross-check and come out with any irregularities in it.On Tuesday evening, the corporation officials were waiting for the final batch of list to be delivered to them.\"It would take two hours for dividing the lists according to the divisions. Due to some technical problem, the collector's office could not hand over the voters' list to us earlier. We got parcels part by part and are waiting for just one parcel to come after which we will start with the sorting and tallying work,\" said deputy municipal commissioner (administration) Deepak Kasar. \"We have to sit up all night today and tomorrow so that we are able to publish the voters' list on January 12. It is difficult but we are trying our best. If at all we are unable to tally and publish the list on time, we will have to seek special permission from the state election commission,\" he said.Earlier in the day, the municipal commissioner had told a meeting that it would be difficult to meet the deadline and in that case special permission will have to be taken from the state election commission for an extension. \"We are checking the list and by Saturday, we hope to clear it and hand it over to the NMC,\" district collector P Velrasu had said Thursday. Special arrangements have been made for the employees of the NMC in-charge of the election duties in order to complete tallying of the list.The mother roll has been fed into the computer at the NMC and this would be tallied with the list provided by the collector's office. \"Deletion or addition of names is done at the collector's office. At our end we can only make corrections,\" Kasar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11454703", "title": "Eunuchs file PIL for better conditions", "text": "MUMBAI: A PIL has been filed in the HC seeking orders to put an end to harassment faced by eunuchs and ensuring that they are able to secure voter's id cards and passports. The PIL filed by a Navi Mumbai-based organization 'Salvation of Oppressed Eunuchs' and three eunuchs from Virar is likely to come up for hearing later this week.The petitioners said that eunuchs are the target of physical abuse. The PIL said a major problem faced by the community is lack of identity and residential proof. The PIL has urged the court to order the state to carry out a survey about the conditions of eunuchs.The demands in the PIL include changing the definition of \"rape\" in the IPC to include transgenders and transsexuals and extend the protection of the Atrocities Act to eunuchs. The PIL has asked for medical certificates to be issued to eunuchs so that castrations can be carried out by qualified surgeons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11456834", "title": "Govind's late burst lifts Apollo over HKM", "text": "NAGPUR: Govind Rao swooped in to score 15 of his 23 points in the last five minutes and lead a late rally of Apollo Basketball Club (ABC) over Hanuman Nagar Krida Mandal (HKM) 37-24 in a Bank of Maharashtra D-League Basketball game at the Shivaji Nagar courts on Tuesday.Hanuman Nagar cagers might have counted their chances to register their third victory on trot. After a low scoring first half that ABC led 11-8, HKM had a fine display in the third period when they matched in pace and exchanges to even lead 19-15 before the start of last quarter.Govind Rao, however, had something special in store for HKM as the speedy point guard went on a shooting spree to add 15 points in the last quarter that ABC dominated 22-5 for a superb 13-point triumph. Govind's 23-point effort included 5 three-pointers. For HKM, Sudeep Ghoshal contributed 13 points.Earlier, Shivaji Nagar Gymkhana (SNG) making most of the home conditions made light work of Navyuwak Krida Mandal (NKM) 27-13. For the winners, Donald Hansen (7), Abhishek Naik (6) and Gaurav Reddy (6) played well while Shubham Lanjewar netted 7 points for NKM.In a one-sided girls' section game, Centre Point School (CPS) outclassed Hanuman Nagar Krida Mandal (HKM) 27-3. Shubhra Waney (12) and Sakshi Bhotmange (10) scored most of the baskets for the winners.ResultsGirls: CPS (Shubhra Waney 12, Sakshi Bhotmange 10) bt HKM (Sejal Sahu 2) 27-3 (8-2, 9-0, 8-0, 2-1)Boys: SNG (Donald Hansen 7, Abhishek Naik 6, Gaurav Reddy 6) bt NKM (Shubham Lanjewar 7) 27-13 (13-0, 6-0, 4-3, 4-10); ABC (Govind Rao 23, Shubham Singh 5) bt HKM (Sudeep Ghoshal 13, Shalin Dongre 3) 37-24 (5-6, 6-2, 4-11, 22-5).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11455090", "title": "City set for tryst with literati", "text": "HYDERABAD: The second edition of the Hyderabad literary festival, which is all set to open on January 16 at Taramati Baradari, has a special conversation with lyricist Gulzar as one of the highlights of the three-day event that winds down on January 18.Around 80 participating authors from across the country, along with a couple of foreign writers, will be attending the festival that is open between 10 am and 5.30 pm. Names like Mark Tully, Kiran Nagarkar, Adil Jussawala, Amish Tripathi, Narendra Luther and Saeed Mirza are among participants attending the upcoming event.Of the participating authors, around 15 are from Andhra Pradesh. The foreign writers attending the fest are Christopher Kloeble from Germany, Switzerland's Urs Widmer and France-based authors Constance Borde and Sheila Malovany-Chevallier.Although most participating writers are those that write in English, the various Indian languages like Urdu, Bengali, Telugu, Marathi and Gujarati will have representatives attending the literary meet.Conversations with writers, panel discussions, dialogues between authors on various subjects, readings, film screenings, workshops for school children and competitions for college students are some of the programmes that have been planned as part of the festival. There will be cultural programmes on January 16 and 17 at the end of the day's event.Triotonos, a German band, is performing on the day one with recitals by Thumri singer Vidya Rao and Bharatnatyam dancer Ananda Shankar Jayant the following day.Talking about the gap between the first and the second editions of the literary festivals, Vijay Kumar , professor and joint director, Osmania University Centre for International Programmes (OUCIP), said: \"The first Hyderabad literary festival was held in 2010. However, the dates of the second festival were pushed to January 2012 as many participants felt it would be better to have the dates closer to the much-awaited Jaipur literary festival, which is on from January 20 to 24.\"Organisers said that to bring this event on a par with other such major festivals in the country that are associated with a fixed venue, Taramati Baradari has been designated as the official venue for the event.Amita Desai, executive director, Goethe Zentrum Hyderabad said: \"Hyderabad is the perfect place to celebrate both South and North Indian literature as it is a potpourri of cultures. We do not wish to restrict this event to just some people, which is precisely why we have not even printed any passes for the sessions. They are free and open to all.\"Surya Rao, director Muse India, added: \"As for the authors invited, we wanted a balance between established senior writers and promising young writers. We have decided to showcase a foreign country in this festival every year and this year that country is Germany.\"Among other big names invited for the fest but who are unable to come include Amitav Ghosh , Vikram Seth , Chetan Bhagat, Shashi Deshpande and Girish Karnad .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11455840", "title": "To see Ludhianvis fit tops Rana's list", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ranbir Singh Rana, who owns a fitness centre in the uptown Pakhowal Road area and swears by healthy living, wants to see Ludhianvis have well-toned bodies before the world ends.\"I know city residents have a weakness for spicy and oily food but I want to see them fit and kicking. Fitness is must for anyone for that matter as it reduces the chances of developing heart and gastric problems and other diseases related to obesity and sedentary lifestyles,\" he said.Listing his other wishes, Rana said he wants to travel to parts of India that he has never seen, spend as much time as possible with family, reconcile with friends who are upset with him, buy a new car, eat non-vegetarian dishes available in different parts of India and finally, take his parents for a pilgrimage to some shrines in India and Pakistan.\"Travelling is a passion and I would love to visit Gangtok and Darjeeling because they are amazing hill stations and Kerala for its awesome beaches and herbal therapies,\" he said.Rana said he wants to help his mother Harjeet Kaur in the kitchen and his dad Mohan Singh in routine works so that he can get more time with them and also get their blessings. \"I also want to spend quality time with my brother Amrik Singh. There is nothing like the relationship between parents and son,'' he said adding that he also wants to reconcile with some friends whom he may have annoyed at certain points of time.Though Rana has a Tata Indica he would love to either buy a Nissan Micra or Maruti Swift before doomsday because they are fuel efficient and have a very less running cost. Next on his wishlist is the desire to relish all kinds of non-vegetarian dishes especially Mughlai food and Hyderabadi biryani. \"My last wish is to take my parents on a religious pilgrimage to gurdwara Hazoor Sahib in Nanded of Maharashtra, Hemkunt Sahib in Uttrakhand, Nankana Sahib and Panja Sahib in Pakistan ,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454564", "title": "Adulterated milk: HC asks govt to reply by January 25", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking cognizance of a TOI report on rampant milk adulteration in the capital, the Delhi high court on Wednesday sought a response from the Central and state governments by January 25.A bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Shah took suo motu note of the report that 70 per cent of the milk samples picked up from the city were found to be contaminated, in a survey. HC issued notice to the city government's food adulteration department and the Food Safety Standards Authority of India (FSSAI), which comes under the Central government.The report highlighted adulteration of milk relying on a survey by a government agency.The FSSAI survey was conducted across the country and \"elsewhere in the 33 states and UTs studied, milk was found adulterated with detergent, fat and even urea, besides the age-old dilution with water. Across the country, 68.4% of the samples were found contaminated.\"According to FSSAI, 70 per cent of the milk samples, taken for testing from the capital, were found to be contaminated with glucose and skimmed milk powder.The report further claimed that almost 69% of the samples tested by the government agency across the country were found to be adulterated with detergent, fat and even urea, besides water. According to the report, the samples taken for testing by FSSAI from urban areas included both packed as well as loose milk.The Delhi government has instructed big milk suppliers in the capital to adhere to prescribed safety standards by establishing a number of checks and balances at every stage and upgrade their laboratories.Health Minister A K Walia chaired a meeting with big milk suppliers on Wednesday. \"The test of milk quality and purity should be conducted at the first level, that is, procurement of milk from initial producers, in-house testing during processing of the milk and random testing by way of picking up a few marketed pouches of milk from various localities,\" said Walia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11456891", "title": "Being single made them strong", "text": "Bringing up a child well is a great responsibility, and the task becomes nothing short of Herculean when a parent has to do it single-handedly. The parent's balancing act, at home and work, has to go right for the child to grow up best.A SPECIAL BONDMary Edwin's (name changed) world came crashing down when her husband deserted her for another woman in 2002. Mother of a special child, Mary, 27, found herself at the crossroads. Today, she ably takes care of her autistic son and herself. \"The struggle was immense. With my in-laws and husband blaming me for not taking care during pregnancy, there was zero-acceptance for my child. Having lost my father, I turned to my pensioner mother for help. I worked night shifts in a BPO which left me with no leisure time. Now my son is 15, he understands he's different and misses a father figure in his life,\" says Mary.BEST SUPPORTCheated by a two-timer husband, B Renuka, associate professor of sociology at a city college, was hesitant to divorce him. It was her children who insisted she must put a legal end to her marriage. Bringing them up was a challenge, but Renuka's self-confidence made her a success story. With support from people around her quite inadequate in the initial years, her friends and children have been her biggest strengths in the past 12 years.DADDY'S PRINCESSFor Naveen Rolands, the challenge was to bring up his six-year-old daughter single-handedly. From cutting down on work time to perfecting household chores, the software engineer did it with glee. \"Often, I took her to my workplace and left her to play with other kids. As she grew up, she started feeling her mother's absence but even that went away with time. I've always been very open and she knows the real story. We've done a great job.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11462227", "title": "Sinead O'Connor recovering after overdose", "text": "Sinead O'Connor is recovering after taking an overdose last week.The 'Nothing Compares 2 U' singer - who made a desperate plea for psychiatric help on twitter yesterday (11.01.12) - has revealed she attempted suicide while in Los Angeles last Thursday (07.01.12) and almost tried to kill herself again on Tuesday (10.01.12).She told The Sun: \"I took an overdose. God wants me around - though I can't think why.\"However, Sinead had recovered by Friday (08.01.12) to wow guests - including Glenn Close - at a cocktail party celebrating the release of the 'Albert Nobbs' soundtrack, where she performed the film's theme tune 'Lay Your Head Down'.Sinead - who has four children from previous relationships - has been finding it difficult to cope with opposition to her whirlwind marriage, split and reunion with fourth husband Barry Herridge, who she tied the knot with in December.She was inundated with wellwishers offering contact details for psychiatrists near her home in Wicklow, Ireland , yesterday and has revealed she will be treated for short term depression with medication after getting advice when she went to hospital for a broken ankle.Sinead wrote: \"hey... wanna thank all SO much for such great help today. have a number of numbers, contacts, etc now and appointments ... spoke to some great psych docs u all put me on to, gonna meet a few.. but had go hos as fractured ankle (Good work funny ways)\"so they wus fab help too.. but u all amazing to send numbers and ideas and i love u all so much for that and am feeling much better\"so me start meds for few weeks just they say to lift out of apres marital abuse of inoccent hubby by nasty ppl depression\"SO much. especially too i wanna thank hospitals tahat contacted and said well done for tweeting and reachng out.. they said very important\"no am not to be bothered if anyone gives hard time.. so guys... do reach out.. however u have to.. it works. thank u SO much.\"the whole world is there to love an support u. dont be ashamed to reach out an dont mind any1 bashes u for\"it.. thats what hospitals said today. so.. thank God for twitter and Gods lovely ppl. now me work.. then me love up me man. x night xxx\"anyway me go do phoners now for album. cant let shit stop me working. i just wanted 2 thank u all SO much an say i love u all : ) (sic)\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11455846", "title": "Bar Association election on Feb 1", "text": "KANPUR: Voting for the election of new executive of Kanpur Bar Association (KBA) will take place on February 1. The Elders' Committee declared the programme of annual general election on Wednesday.The committee had taken the charge on January 9 to conduct the election. It released the dates and asked the contesting candidates to remove all posters and banners of their campaign from the court campus and outer areas.The Elders' Committee, comprising Ram Balak Mishra (chairman), Hari Mohan Sharma, Hari Krishna Seth, Satyendra kumar Nigam and Ramanand Shukla, convened a meeting and decided to conduct the election proceedings on DAV Degree College campus. The committee members have also written a letter to the college management to provide accommodation for election.A letter to DIG and district magistrate has also been sent demanding force and security measures.Anoop Kumar Dwivedi, the outgoing general secretary of KBA, said the committee has fixed January 13 for submitting declaration form for new members, while proposed voter list would be displayed on January 17. Objections on this list would be invited till January 19, while publication of final list would take place on January 20. Candidates may file their nomination papers on January 21 and 23 till 4 pm. Scrutiny will be done on January 24. Voting would be held on February 1 from 8 am to 5 pm, and the counting of votes would begin next day.To help Elders' Committee, four lawyers - Jai Shankar Shukla, Abdul Gaffar , Jagdish Narayan Shukla and R K Dixit - have been nominated.Courts announce dates of local holidays: The Kanpur Nagar and Ramabai Nagar district courts have declared five local holidays for the year 2012.In a release issued by the district judge, Kanpur Nagar, O P Verma, the five local holidays have been granted on the directives of high court.The holidays would be - March 14, (Ganga Mela), August 2 (Rakshabandhan), August 17 (Alvida Ki Namaz), November 15 (Bhai Dooj), November 28 (Guru Nanak Jayanti and Kartik Poornima).A meeting in this regard was held on Wednesday noon with officials of Kanpur Bar Association and The lawyers' Association and the dates were finalised after deliberations.The district judge further announced that Ram Navmi and Moharram would fall on April 1 and November 25 respectively. As on these dates, it would be Sunday, so in place of April 1, holiday would be held on March 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11455914", "title": "Weather fine, but AI flight cancelled", "text": "LUDHIANA: Despite being a clear day, Wednesday failed to provide any relief to air fliers as the Air India again cancelled its lone flight for Delhi from Sahnewal airport, citing poor visibility.The flight had landed on Monday and authorities were expecting it to operate on Wednesday also but it was cancelled in the morning. After December 7, 2011, the flight landed on January 9, 2012.Sources revealed that AI authorities check visibility at 9.30am and if they find it bad they declare the flight cancelled even if the weather clears during the flight time.Confirming the flight's cancellation, airport manager with AAI V P Jain said, \"In the morning the visibility was very poor so we had to cancel the flight. Though we were expecting it to land on Wednesday our expectations failed as did the expectation of passengers.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11455777", "title": "Two women commit suicide in separate incidents", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two women in their early 20s ended their lives in separate incidents on Wednesday.In the first case, Vejalpur police station officials fished out the body of Rinkle Shah, 23, a resident of Vatva, from Vasna barrage. Investigation revealed that Shah had taken the drastic step following an altercation with her husband at her workplace.Shah, who used to work with a private hospital in Ambavadi, had gone missing since Tuesday. \"Our investigation found that on the fateful day, Shah had a heated argument with her husband about her place of work. Her husband wanted her to quit the hospital job in Ambavadi, saying that it was too far from her home, and had asked her to join a hospital in Vatva where she used to work earlier. However, she did not want to leave her present job. On Tuesday, she called her family members that she is near Lal Darwaza and going to end her life,\" said a Vejalpur police station official.Officials said that the family members searched her for hours in Lal Darwaza and nearby areas after the call.\"We have registered an accidental death case and through her call details we are trying to find out who all she had called. We have recorded statement of family members and investigation is underway,\" the official said.In another case, a 21-year-old woman from Vastral, Ambica Budgujjar, hanged herself from the ceiling of her house. Police said Ambica had committed suicide after her father refused to let her marry her paramour. \"We found in our investigation that Ambica's father was opposed to her relationship with a boy in their neighbourhood. Her father had told the boy, Prakash Soni, that he could not get her married to him as he belonged to another caste. This upset Ambica so much that she ended her life,\" said an investigating official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11455431", "title": "Police invoke NSA on four kidnappers", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida police have gone a step further in giving some respite to high-profile residents who have been living under fear of abduction by invoking provisions of the National Security Act (NSA) on the four kidnappers of businessman Kapil Gupta. The police will now present a reason before the advisory board of the UP government to establish why NSA was invoked on the abductors.DIG Jyoti Narayan said that NSA has been invoked on Kapil Jatt, Anshul Bawara, Anshul Sharma and Vinay. The quartet has been accused of abducting businessmen Kapil Gupta and Saurabh Jain. \"Within a month, the advisory board will ask the reasons for invoking NSA and Noida police is well prepared to produce them. Once the board is satisfied, the case will be forwarded to the Centre,\" Narayan said.Residents of the posh sector 15A, who were reeling under an immense security threat, have welcomed the move. Noida's elite class had beefed up their personal security fearing abduction. Even the local RWA has overhauled the security arrangements in the sector. \"Some residents already have personal security, but it's the RWA's responsibility to ensure proper safety. We have decided to install high-definition CCTVs so that not only vehicles, but even passengers will be visible in the footages,\" said a resident of sector 15A.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11453497", "title": "Frame rules to ban junk food sale in schools: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi High Court on Wednesday gave six months time to the central and state governments to frame guidelines on banning the sale of junk food and aerated drinks in and around educational institutions.The HC deadline came after the central government in its affidavit said that at present there is no system to identify what food items constitute junk food and it is for this purpose that a committee has been formed, under the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI).The affidavit added that FSSAI has been asked to first define junk food and then co-ordinate with state governments and school managements to work towards preventing sale of such food and drinks to students.A division bench of Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw then gave a six-month time period to FSSAI to consider the issue.\"FSSAI is directed to consider the issue in six months. It may invite the All India Food Processors Association (AIFPA) and restaurant associations for consultation and development of guidelines,\" the bench said.Seeking a compliance report from FSSAI, the bench fixed July 25 for further hearing of the matter.In its plea, the AIFPA said it deals with processing of fruits and vegetables, meat and fish, milk and milk products and also the manufacturers of biscuits and confectionery products.The petitioner has also failed to specify what kind of foods should be included in the definition of junk food or fast food as the Prevention of Food Adulteration Act does not define anything as 'junk food' or 'fast food', it contended. The court was hearing a PIL filed by Rakesh Prabhakar, a lawyer for NGO Uday Foundation, seeking direction banning the sale of junk food and aerated drinks in and around schools.The court, had earlier asked the Health Ministry to appraise it of the steps taken to create awareness among students about the \"harmful effects of increased consumption of junk food.\"The Centre said it is understood that any food that has poor nutritional value and was considered unhealthy could be called 'junk food.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "11459238", "title": "School van tragedy: Transporters seek 2 months to implement norms", "text": "AMBALA: Yet to come to terms with the repercussions of the recent school van tragedy, which has claimed 13 lives so far, school transport operators as well as the district administration are working on corrective measures so that such incidents do not recur.Interestingly, school owners and transport operators have sought two months' time from the administration to put a system in order in the wake of the guidelines issued by the authorities. On the other hand, administration officials continue to play the game of passing the buck to escape responsibilities.Under pressure following the tough posture adopted by the administration, private school owners associations and organizations of transporters, who provide vans to schools, have sought relaxation in norms relating to number of children allowed per vehicle, citing the rising running costs.In a memorandum submitted to deputy commissioner Shekhar Vidyarthi, a delegation of Private School Association (PSA), headed by president Kulbhushan Sharma, has asked the administration to reconsider the \"one student one seat\" norm and has also asked the authorities to provide for a drivers' training school in the district.\"The one seat per student norm is unviable, especially for those operating in rural belt. Under this, we would not be able to recover the running cost of vehicles. We have asked the administration to give us eight weeks' time to complete documentation and allow us to carry at least 13 students in 8-seater vehicles and 16 students in 10-seater vehicles,'' Sharma said.When contacted, officials in the district administration confirmed receipt of memorandum. \"We have forwarded the same to transport and education departments for comments. Our drive against wrongdoers shall however continue,'' an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11454380", "title": "Taxi? No, Nihad prefers to run", "text": "Nihad Panju (21) has been training hard for Sunday's Half Marathon. His personal best is 19.2km but he plans to finish the marathon. Apart from an immobile right hand and a slight limp when he walks, one can hardly notice anything amiss. But Nihad is paralyzed on the left side.When he was five months old, Nihad had suffered from meningitis . Surgery to treat it rendered him paralyzed for life. \"The doctors put a shunt in my neck and it went wrong. I have been this way since I can remember,\" said the youth.But Nihad did not allow the numb side of his body to come in the way of life. Since May, the Nepean Sea Road resident has been training hard so that he can participate in the marathon. His source of inspiration was a friend who has been running for 10 years.\"I make it a point to run every week. I sometimes have to give up running as my legs start hurting. But I train everyday in the gym,\" said Nihad, who is doing multimedia designing.Nihad, his friends said, does everything for joy. \"Most runners start, set up a target and then keep counting how much more there is to finish. But Nihad starts running, enjoys it and runs till he cannot go any further,\" said Rustom Warden, Nihad's friend and trainer. \"He started enjoying his runs so much that he has started running instead of taking any mode of transport in the city,\" he added.Nihad plans to finish the Half Marathon and everybody close to him has been supportive. \"Even though I have not been able to run 21km till now, I know I can do it. I have run from Worli Seaface to NCPA and I should be able to cover the sea link as well. But I am a wee bit nervous as it is my first time,\" said Nihad, whose trainers will accompany him in the run on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11456399", "title": "Quit BJP if denied Porvorim ticket, supporters tell Shripad", "text": "PANAJI: While it is still uncertain whether member of parliament Shripad Naik will be in the political fray this assembly election, an NGO, BJP workers and well-wishers from Porvorim held a meeting on Tuesday at Ribandar and demanded that he should quit the BJP if denied a ticket.In a case of infighting evident within the state BJP for the first time, the party workers came out strongly against the BJP leadership for trying to keep Naik of state politics and asserted their support for Naik if he contested the assembly election from Porvorim constituency.After a four-hour-long meeting, the crowd was unanimous in its conclusion: That Naik has to contest the assembly election from Porvorim and that he should not backtrack from this decision under any circumstance.Stating that some senior party leaders are scared that Naik would become the chief minister if the BJP comes to power, a party worker said, \"BJP's central leadership should take cognizance of what is happening in Goa, where dissent is being suppressed. Despotism in the BJP will not be tolerated.\"Speaking to mediapersons after the meeting, Naik said that the meeting was called by an NGO and his supporters due to the party's delay in announcing his entry into state politics.Replying to a question over whether he would quit the party if denied a ticket, Naik, overwhelmed by the show of support, said, \"Party leaders in Goa and Delhi will let it come to such a point where I would have to quit the BJP.\"TOI had reported how the BJP is divided over the entry of Naik in state politics. Since the election date has been announced, Naik has maintained that he will contest the assembly election due to public demand and that a final decision would be taken by the BJP central parliamentary board soon.While leader of opposition Manohar Parrikar stated that six months ago the party had sent a report to the central leadership over Naik contesting from Porvorim, sources said that the ground reality is that the state's top leadership wants to reserve the Porovorim seat for an MGP candidate instead of Naik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11456114", "title": "Over 1,000 FIRs for poll code violation", "text": "VARANASI: The government machinery is exercising hard to ensure proper implementation of model code of conduct (MCC). But the probable candidates of different political parties are not looking ready to take lessons from the action being taken for violation of MCC. IG (range) R P Singh said on Wednesday that a large number of FIRs have been lodged for violation of MCC in four districts of the range.He said that maximum cases have been lodged for displaying posters, banners and hoardings of candidates and political parties at public places, while many FIRs have also been lodged for the misuse of vehicles. This exercise had commenced immediately after the issuance of notification for the assembly poll by the Election Commission on December 25.However, by visiting the city localities, it can be seen that hoardings, posters and banners of political parties and their candidates are yet not fully removed from the main roads. A large number of posters and banners are still visible on the walls in the serpentine lanes and ghats along the Ganga. Many rickshaws and auto rickshaws are also bearing posters. Despite repeated instructions from district election officer Ravindra that no poster, banner or hoarding would be displayed without mentioning the name of the printer, most of the posters and banners, which are on display, do not contain such details.Initially, the drive for ensuring strict implementation of MCC was focused on removal of posters, banners and hoardings of the political parties and their candidates.During the same exercise, 104 FIRs were lodged against various politicians, who had not removed their posters, banners and hoardings on their own, only in Varanasi district. Apart from it, the Varanasi election officials and police also lodged 317 FIRs by detecting misuse of vehicles by political parties and their candidates.However, in comparison to Varanasi, no FIR has been lodged in Jaunpur and Ghazipur for violation of MCC by displaying posters and banners at public places, while Chandauli police have lodged only three cases in such matters so far. The Ghazipur officials have lodged 541 FIRs for misuse of vehicles. Probably the shifting of focus towards detection of black money and transportation of other articles that can be used for purchasing votes has diluted action against those putting up posters, banners and hoardings at public places.The police records show that static surveillance and police teams in Varanasi have seized over Rs 76 lakh so far and all these cases have been transferred to the income tax department for further investigation. The unaccounted huge cash was caught from different vehicles. Apart from Varanasi, the static surveillance and police teams in Ghazipur and Jaunpur have also succeeded in seizing Rs 12 lakh and Rs 4.5 lakh respectively while Chandauli police have not succeeded in detecting any case of transportation of unaccounted money. Apart from cash, major recoveries of liquor have also been made in Varanasi and Chandauli so far.The IG said that Varanasi cops caught 1960 bottles of liquor while 816 bottles were recovered in Chandauli. Not only cash and liquor, but many other articles are also being used for wooing the voters. It came to light when the Varanasi cops caught 104 mobile phones of a same model from a vehicle.The names of persons who were to be gifted the mobile sets, were mentioned on each mobile set. Singh said that the drive is continuing and its progress is being monitored on a daily basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11461509", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan will finally meet Angelina Jolie", "text": "Shah Rukh Khan's dreams seem to be coming true. Shah Rukh, who's been a huge fan of Hollywood hottie Angelina Jolie , will finally get to meet her next month in Germany.The two shall meet at the Berlin International Film Festival which will begin from February 9th.While, Angelina will be at the festival to present her directorial debut 'In the Land of Blood And Honey' in the Berlinale Special programme, Shah Rukh will be presenting the fest with his latest hit film \"Don 2\" that has been shot in Berlin.Finally the King of Bollywood will come face to face with the Queen of Hollywood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11455135", "title": "School fee issue turns ugly", "text": "MUMBAI: A suburban school has offered to reduce its fee by Rs 150 if parents agree to withdraw a police complaint they had filed against the school in March last year.Parents of students studying at St Elias High School in Khar (W) had lodged a complaint against the school for hiking its fees by 80% in the middle of the year.\"Some children were humiliated in class and made to kneel down for hours, just because we had filed the FIR,\" said Sandeep Jadhav, one of the complainants.The school had filed a petition to squash the FIR at the Bombay HC. \"These parents are brainwashed. If they are not happy with our school, then let them take their children to another school. We are trying to help them but they refuse to meet us,\" said P Fernandes, principal of the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460930", "title": "'Need 2% for disabled in budget\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: Pointing out that the disabled are being ignored, the Rehabilitation Council of India (RCI) has demanded a 2% budgetary provision for their welfare, besides seeking the creation of a separate ministry for them.Member-secretary of RCI, J P Singh, who was in Nashik on Saturday to attend a conference of the district branches of the National Association for the Blind from Maharashtra, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Goa, said that a proposal for setting up an independent university for the disabled had also been submitted to the central government.\"Disabled persons make up 2% of the total population of the country and considering that the presence of even a single disabled member in a family affects the whole family, nearly 15% of the country's population is affected,\" Singh told TOI.\"The existing provision under the current five-year plan is around Rs 1,200 crore. This amount is too less when compared to the disabled population. So, we want 2% of the total budget, in proportion to the population, for their welfare.\"He stressed on the need for a separate innovative university for the disabled that would cater to their special needs and impart education under various faculties. He said that the university could also conduct research on the issues concerning the disabled and work out modalities for their welfare.He added that the planning commission has been petitioned to include the proposal in the forthcoming 12th five-year plan. Singh also said that a special section should be set up in every traditional university across the country to cater to the special needs of the disabled and conduct research for improving their lives.Singh said that there was no policy framed by the government for the education of disabled children right from birth up to six years of age, unlike the policy for education of 'normal' children. He said that teachers appointed to impart education for disabled children need special training, for which special funding was required.He said that while NGOs were doing their bit to improve the lives of the disabled, the government ought to pay more attention to their woes. Among the dignitaries who attended the conference were executive director of Blind People's Association, Gujarat, Bhushan Punani, secretary of NAB, Madhya Pradesh, J J Vachani, honorary secretary general, NAB, K Ramakrishna and joint secretary of NAB, Maharashtra, Mukteshwar Munshettiwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11455693", "title": "Art camp to corral artists from across the country", "text": "CHENNAI: Painting by the sea is something artists dream of doing - and 32 artists from across the country are getting a chance to do just that next week. Cholamandal Artists' Village, Art World gallery, Kolkata-based collector Prashant Tulsyan and Taj hotels are organising a four-day art camp from January 17 to 20, which will culminate in an auction of work by the participating artists as well as stalwarts like A P Santhanaraj, M F Husain and K K Hebbar.The artists who will be painting at the camp being held at Fisherman's Cove include P Gopinath, S G Vasudev, Achutan Kudallur, Yusuf Arakkal, Amitabh Sengupta, Abir Karmakar and Rabin Mondal. \"The idea is to let the public interact with the artists as well as see the creative process taking place. It's a chance to meet the people you only read about or whose work you see on walls. People can really understand the artist's thought process,\" says Banerjee.The camp is also part of the centenary celebrations of painter K C S Paniker, former principal of the Government College of Arts. \"Many of the participating artists have a close connection with Paniker. They were either his students or were inspired by him,\" says Bishwajit Banerjee, director, Art World, who has been planning the event since April 2011 with his wife Sarala.From January 17 to 19, about 50 works by the participating artists, masters like K M Adimoolam, Abanindranath Tagore and Paritosh Sen, and contemporary painters such as Anjolie Ela Menon, T Vaikuntam, Shyamal Dattaray and Ganesh Pyne will be on show at Art World. These works will be auctioned for charity on January 20. While the participating artists have sent works completed in their studios, the rest are from private collections. \"The exhibition before the auction is open to everyone. Where else will you get to see Hebbar's drawings or Abanindranath's sketches on the backs of postcards and invitations?\" says Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11458864", "title": "Anubhav Sinha's moving office close to SRK's Red Chillies", "text": "RA.One director Anubhav Sinha is moving office close to Shah Rukh KhanAnd, he is getting an all new office done right in the lane next to Shah Rukh Khan's Red Chillies Entertainment. This, despite reports of a fallout between Sinha and SRK during the making of RA.One.Mumbai Mirror has learnt from a source close to Sinha that Winki Villa in Khar, in the lane next to SRK's office, is being converted into a three-level office, with a ground floor, first floor and a terrace. And Anubhav and his team will be shifting into the new office on the 15th of next month.More on the swanky workspace: The interior designing is being done by Jaswant Khera, and nearly 1 crore is being spent on renovation. The office has been taken on lease for five years, and the monthly rent is about three-and-a-half lakh.Sinha though chooses to be modest, referring to that 'one small desk' allocated to him in a quiet corner of the new place. Asked about the proximity to SRK, Sinha quips, \"Of course, always... It is good to be near friends so you can quickly hop across for a coffee or something. And I love that area... it is quiet and still in the middle of all the action.\"It seems the fortunes of RA.One have done nothing to blunt the bond Sinha obviously shares with SRK...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454919", "title": "Nod to ISBT Sarai Kale Khan facelift", "text": "NEW DELHI: The new ISBT at Sarai Kale Khan will no longer be a highrise. Sources in the government said the modified plan for the renovated ISBT was approved by the DUAC on Wednesday.The earlier plan to have a high-rise building, going up to 18 floors, has now been converted to a four-storey building. The official said, \"After DUAC expressed reservations over the height of the building, it was decided to expand the building widthwise instead of going up. The modified building plan is now of four floors with several of the offices, which were part of the earlier set-up, to come up as a separate structure now.\"The project ran into trouble with Delhi Urban Art Commission (DUAC) after the latter objected to the highrise on main Ring Road because it would completely block the view of Humayun's Tomb, a world heritage site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11457077", "title": "9 score centum in CAT, Bangalore is close behind", "text": "BANGALORE: When the counters closed for registration of CAT 2011, the second largest number of CAT candidates were from Bangalore. But when the results were announced on Wednesday, Bangalore had no candidate with a 100 percentile to be proud of. But, yes, there were others who lost it by a whisker.Like 21-year-old Risha Choudhary, who is on cloud nine after she found 99.94 percentile against her name on the website. \"I could not believe the numbers and kept refreshing my page again and again. This is a pleasant surprise, and a most welcome one too. I never expected this,'' says the candidate.Nine MBA aspirants have secured 100 percentile in the Common Admission Test this year. Around 1.85 lakh candidates took the test over a 20-day testing window across 36 cities from mid-October. For Risha, from Kolkata, CAT 2011 was her first attempt to enter an IIM. The best is still in store: \"I have already received a call from IIM-A,\" says the girl.Achievers from Bangalore exude confidenceMBA aspirants from Bangalore may not have achieved the best-possible percentile of 100, but they're rejoicing. Risha Choudhary, a final-semester engineering student from Manipal University, is excited about joining an IIM riding on her 99.94 percentile in CAT results announced on Wednesday.\"IIMs are a completely different world. I never imagined I would get through. But now that I have reached here, my next focus is on PI (personal interview) and WA (written analysis). I am not a person who keeps the track of current affairs, so will have to work hard to break the second barrier.''Ravi Kiran Sastry, working with an IT company, joins the league with 99.99 percentile. The IT professional did his engineering from IIT Guwahati . \"This was my third attempt, and I feel I have achieved what I desired. I scored 99.5 percentile at my first attempt, but did not go for it as I wanted to have a stable technical career, before stepping in to the IIMs,'' says a calm Ravi.Ravi feels that CAT is more about basic intelligence than in-depth knowledge of the subjects.\"CAT is designed to test your speed with which you solve the problems. It has nothing to do with the in-depth knowledge,'' he says. \"It's time to chalk out plans for Personal Interview and Written Analysis Test.\"Vardan Nagar, 23, who scored 99.93 percentile, is more relieved than happy. \"I wanted to join the 99.9 league, as my academic performance is not very good. This was my third attempt, and I finally feel that I got what I desired,'' he says.Vardan hails from Gujarat and has been working as business analyst at a private firm in the city. In his first two attempts, Vardan scored 98.20 and 99.15 percentile respectively.\"I have been working hard, but did not get the desired result in the past. This year, I focused more on accuracy than attempting more number of questions.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11457173", "title": "Joyous celebration of diversity in unity", "text": "When Gen Y from across India congregates at Mangala Stadium here for the 17th National Youth Festival which kicks off on Thursday, they will see why chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda reposed such faith in the Dakshina Kannada district administration to pull off such a mega event. For, no stone has been left unturned to make the five-day event a grand success.While the city wears a festive look with lights and decorations, citizens are getting ready to savour the rich cultural diversity of Karnataka as well as the rest of the country during NYF 2012, which starts with a 4-km procession at 3pm. They'll also get a taste of India during the ceremony.NYF, which began in 1995 as a major activity under the National Integration Camp (NIC), propagates national integration, communal harmony, brotherhood, courage and adventure among the youth. NYF 2012 has a mix of competitive, non-competitive and performances and shows and events are aimed at fostering teamwork, leadership, etc. among participants.K Jairaj, additional chief secretary, says the state will showcase the strength of Karavali as a centre for learning, youth and a place of unity in diversity. Asked 'Why Mangalore?', Jairaj quipped, \"Why not Mangalore?\" He added, \"It's the Gateway to Karnataka. The state capital has had enough and more exposure. The last edition of NYF was at Udaipur and the same logic is at work here.\"While Udaipur NYF's mascot was Teengur, the tiger which represented enthusiasm and excitement of youth, this festival's mascot Yakshi conveys unity, diversity, strength, love and social nature.It's a fun-loving elephant sporting Yakshagana headgear. While last year's theme was Sabse Pehle Bharat striving to generate the right attitude among the youth, the theme this year is 'Celebrating Diversity In Unity'.Mohan Alva, procession and stage in-charge, said the inaugural procession will be a knock-out. \"Whatever Mangaloreans have heard or seen on a small scale will be amplified here. Various cultural aspects of the state like Kombu, Chende, Dholu, Huli Vesha, Keelu Kudure, Karaga Nritya, Yakshagana, both Tenkathittu and Badagathittu varieties, Veerabhadra Kunita, Aati Kalenja, Kamsale, Kalladka dolls, Kerala Chende, Kangeelu Kunita, Suggi Kunitha, Goravara kunita, Veeragase, Patada kunita, Tashe, band sets from Chitradurga, Honnavara, Alike, Daff, Mara kaalu kunita, Dudi kunita, will be part of the procession,\" he said.The procession starts from AB Shetty Circle and after traversing through the thoroughfares via KS Rao Road and PVS, it'll reach Mangala Stadium where delegates will join in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11455980", "title": "IAC to conduct awareness campaigns for more polling", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To ensure high per cent polling in assembly election, India Against Corruption (IAC) will conduct public awareness campaigns from panchayat level to district level. IAC volunteers will urge voters to choose candidates who promise to pay maximum attention to the development of the constituencies. This was decided at a meeting of IAC district unit presided over by Shyam Sundar Singh Patel here on Wednesday.A large number of volunteers assembled at Chandrashekhar Azad Park where IAC members invited suggestions from people. Based on the public feedback, it was decided to constitute committees at the district, city, ward and gram panchayat level.The delegates also discussed the strategy for ensuring effective implementation and passage of Jan Lokpal Bill.IAC members asked the public to avail the facility of filling up Form 17 A in order to provide their suggestions to the Election Commission and reasons for withholding their voting rights against a particular candidate stating reasons behind the step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11456047", "title": "Rats nibble at ICU patient in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: A 70-year-old paralytic patient, admitted in the ICU of a government hospital, was bitten by rats. The incident happened at Jodhpur's Mathura Das Mathur Hospital on Tuesday. Mohammad Iqbal suffered rat bites on his face and ears. Attendants, who were fast asleep, woke up on hearing a glass crash to the floor.\"We saw some rats running around and realised that the patient's lips, nose, eye-lids and ears were cut and bleeding. The ventilator tube was also cut,\" said an attendant", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11455008", "title": "Three get bail in 13/7 case", "text": "MUMBAI: A local court on Wednesday granted bail to three youths, who were picked up for questioning in the 13/7 terror attack. The youths were granted bail on a surety of Rs 15,000 each.The ATS also dropped charges of forgery and criminal conspiracy from the case.The accused, Qamar-e-Aalam Shaikh, Abdul Wahab and Naseem Shahejahan, were arrested for procuring 16 SIM cards from Mumbai on forged documents.The court has ordered the three youths to present themselves at the police station every week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11455256", "title": "Global driving licence in 24 hrs", "text": "GURGAON: There is a growing trend among expats to apply for an international driving licence from back home rather than applying for it outside where chances of getting one are remote.On an average, Gurgaon issues at least 50 such international driving licences each month to people who return on a vacation or are about to leave for a tour abroad. This is for the mere reason that it barely takes 24 hours to get an international licence issued after all the documents are submitted. Also, it is nearly impossible to get an international licence issued abroad because of the long waiting period and the stringent tests one has to take.The international licence is valid for one year's and can be used in most European countries, the US, Commonwealth nations, etc with approximately 130 countries accepting an international driving licence. An international driving licence cannot be post-dated, extended, or renewed, and is valid for only 12 months from the date of issue.Each time a new international driving licence is required, the driver must repeat the entire application procedure. The IDL must be applied for in the country of origin and cannot be used there in place of a regular driver's licence.The documents required for issuing an IDL include address proof, copy of the applicant's visa/passport, his tickets and a valid Indian licence, explained a senior official in the RTO department. Though the overall numbers of applicants for a driving licence runs into several thousands a day, the licence-issuing official said that the numbers might be negligible compared to domestic drivers but the trend is catching up as they find it convenient to come to our office with valid documentation and take back the IDL hassle-free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11459078", "title": "Pithas sell like hot cakes at festive mela", "text": "GUWAHATI: Despite the biting cold, the city is slowly gearing up for Bhogali Bihu. A special Bhogali Bihu mela 'Bhogalir Ayojan' started at Lakhidhar Bora Kshetra near Dighalipukhuri. The fair, which will end on Thursday, has been organized by a local NGO Chirseuj Kala Krishti Bikas Kendra.Women are preparing local pitha and laroo at the fair. \"Such events are held every year, giving us an opportunity to display our skills. Bhogali Bihu is a part of our culture and tradition. Almost every woman in Assam grows up learning to make pithas. But times have changed and women in the city do not have time to make pithas at home. So, most of them prefer to buy pithas,\" said Keteki Devi who is selling pithas at the fair.She added, \"Pithas bought from shops do not usually contain pure ingredients but here, the ingredients we use are not laced with chemicals. So, people can buy them without worrying about its quality.\"\"A lot of melas are held during Bhogali Bihu. But I usually buy stuff from here. Though you cannot replace it with home-made pithas, it is surely a good substitute as these are being prepared in front of our eyes so we know, they are fresh,\" said Priambada Gogoi, a visitor.Yogesh Das, another visitor said, \"I am just checking out the place and it's good to see women making pithas. The pithas look fresh and delicious. I am definitely taking some home.\"\"Pitha making is an art and though it looks easy, they are difficult to prepare. These women remind me of my mother as she used to make pithas in the same way,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11454394", "title": "City to get institute for prostate cancer soon", "text": "PUNE: Kalyani Group in association with Ruby Hall Clinic, Pune, on Wednesday announced that it will soon launch a state-of-the-art Institute for Prostate Cancer for research, diagnostics, treatment and education in the city.Speaking on the occasion, Baba Kalyani , promoter of the Institute for Prostate Cancer and chairman of the Kalyani Group, said, \"I am happy to promote the institute for the people of Pune. Today, prostate cancer is the second largest cause of death in males after lung cancer in India. Our endeavor is to create awareness about this potentially lethal disease and focus on research, early diagnosis and treatment.\"\"With the goals that the institute strives to achieve, I am sure it will contribute in providing treatment to many patients who are suffering from the ailment. It is an important milestone in our philanthropic journey and I sincerely hope that someday we will have a complete cure for the malaise,\" Kalyani said.Uro-oncologist Ashutosh Tewari will be the director of the institute, he added.Chief cardiologist P K Grant, managing trustee, Ruby Hall Clinic, said, \"It has been our constant endeavor to make available the very best in diagnostics and modern-day medicine to our patients. A testimony to our efforts is our association with the Institute for Prostate Cancer.\"Uro-oncologist Ashutosh Tewari, director, Institute for Prostate Cancer, said, \"The institute represents a commitment to bringing world-class treatment and research to the heart of India. We will use an integrated team approach in the facility for both treatment and research.\"\"The institute aims to bring together biologists, genome scientists, physicians, engineers and computer scientists. We will build collaborations with a broader community of researchers and clinicians worldwide to help cure prostate cancer. I am certain that the work we are doing will have a significant impact in improving the lives of prostate cancer patients,\" he added.Established in mid 1960s, Kalyani Group is an Indian multi-national company with high technology, engineering and manufacturing capability across several critical sectors such as automotive, power, oil and gas, rail and marine, construction, mining, aerospace, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11456170", "title": "CAT results : Students, coaching institutes hail new format", "text": "BHOPAL: The results of the Common Admission Test (CAT), which holds the key to admissions for the 13 Indian Institutes of Managements ( IIM) and other major B-schools in the country for the academic session 2012, was declared on Wednesday. The test which was conducted according to the new format between October 22 and November 18 has been hailed by the students from the city who managed to get top percentile. In all, 4500 students appeared in the exam from Bhopal.Akriti Bhargava who got 93 percentile said that she was expecting good marks and hopes to get into a good institution. \"It was my first attempt. I wanted to clear the exam in the first attempt only,\" Akriti told TOI.This year students were initially confused after changes in the exam pattern were announced for the 2012 exam. However, students who secured top marks hailed the new format. \"The new format is in favour of students and is interesting too,\" said Vineet Singh. He received 98 percentile.Though the number of questions was same, CAT 2012 had two sections instead of three, and an additional five minutes to tackle the test. The first section was focused on quantitative ability and data interpretation and the second on verbal ability and logical reasoning.Even the coaching institutes hailed the new format. \"The new format is student friendly. The interesting part was on-screen countdown timer. It was easy to concentrate as once the time ends for the first section, we moved to the second without any facility to go back,\" said Manisha Anand a tutor.About the availability of time to solve the question paper, students said that it was sufficient to complete the paper.\"In all, 140 minutes are given to complete the exam which was sufficient,\" said Dushyant Sachdeva who too secured high marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11454631", "title": "Owner helps nab impostors trying to sell his land", "text": "NAGPUR: Four alleged impostors landed in police net on Tuesday as they were all set to dupe a Buddhist monk for around a couple of lakhs of rupees over the sale of a piece of land. The owner of the property, learning about the fake deal, contacted the crime branch and got the culprits trapped.Police said Dilip Padole, posing as real owner Sudhakar Deshmukh, was about to receive an amount of Rs 2 lakhs as an advance from religious preacher Raoji Ganar who wanted to purchase the property situated at Hudkeshwar. Parole and a few others had finalized the deal for Rs 7 lakhs with Ganar. While Padole is a local labourer, Deshmukh is in government service at Warora in Chandrapur.Deshmukh learnt about his plot being put up for sale through a newspaper advertisement which was issued by Ganar who wanted to ensure against all encumbrances before making the first instalment. Deshmukh contacted Ganar and learnt that Padole and others were impersonating as the original owners of the property. The two then decided to bust the gang.It is learnt that a controversial property dealer, earlier booked in couple of cases, was the mastermind behind the forgery. He apparently introduced himself as 'Jaiswal'. Police said that he had sneaked away from Sonegaon police station last year where he was about to get booked for a fraud case.Ganar was told by Jaiswal that the piece of property, which was up for sale, was mortgaged with him for Rs 2 lakhs. It was arranged that Ganar would be required to clear the mortgage amount in the beginning for the deal to be set in motion.Police said that it was this tainted property dealer, who is still at large, was behind the preparation of bogus documents and voter's I-card showing Padole as Deshmukh. The gang had also spent around Rs 20,000 for preparing the fake documents.Senior police inspector Madhao Giri of crime branch said that the gang wanted Ganar to finalize the deal at the earliest. Police said that 'Jaiswal' had finalized the date for payment of the final instalment too, which would have cleared the title of the supposedly mortgaged property.Padole, along with his accomplices Vinod Rangari, Vinod Sawarkar and Ramesh Wanjari, met Ganar as per the gang's plan. Rangari, Sawarkar and Wanjari were supposed to play the role of witnesses to the property deal. Police said that Wanjari had signed as 'Ramesh Wanjari' while Sawarkar as 'Vinod Sakharkar' during the fake deal.The police immediately took Padole, Sawarkar, Wanjari and Rangari into custody while 'Jaiswal' and another culprit are yet to be nabbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11455110", "title": "Nellore boy among toppers in CAT", "text": "HYDERABAD: CAT is out of the bag and students from the state have once again done well in the top B-school examination. Sriramprasad Pemmasani from Nellore bagged a 100 percentile in the examination, the results of which were announced on Wednesday afternoon. A student of IIT-Ropar, Pemmasani is one among the nine candidates who secured the top score in the country.Four students from the city secured 99.99 percentile and over a dozen scored over 99.88 percentile, in the Common Admission Test (CAT)-2011. Interestingly, all the top percentilers are former students of IITs in the country. A total of 2.05 lakh students had taken the examination from 38 cities in the country out of which 1,700 students have scored 99 percentile and above. IIM-Calcutta had conducted CAT-2011. There are 3,100 seats available for taking in the 13 IIMs this year. So far, just two of the IIMs, Kozhikode and Calcutta have sent calls to candidates with top scores. The admission process in all the IIMs is expected to close by April this year.Toppers from the city said that it is not the number of hours that they have spent on preparation that got them a good percentile. \"Preparation for CAT is all about consistency. One can study for just about one hour a day and take as many mock tests as possible to score well in CAT,\" said Sekhar Anand, a financial analyst with a software firm in the city who bagged 99.99% in the test. A student of TIME coaching centre in the city, Anand said that he would opt to study in either IIM-Ahmedabad or Calcutta.Another candidate who bagged 99.99 percentile, Anshul Jain said that the test score depends on the candidate's concentration level on the day of the examination. \"Over a period of time, one develops a good concentration level. And with an examination like CAT which throws in a few surprises every year, presence of mind is absolutely necessary,\" said Jain, who is a software engineer in a city firm. A former student of IIT-Roorkee, Jain said that he has still not decided whether to join IIM-Ahmedabad or Massachusetts Institute of Technology where he has already secured a seat.CAT coaching experts from the city said that the examination had thrown in many surprises and the performance of students from the state is commendable. \"CAT-2011 has just two sections instead of one. It gave candidates an additional five minutes to complete the test. And students seem to have managed to do well,\" said Ramnath Kanakadandi, CAT coordinator, TIME coaching centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11456913", "title": "It's rote, kapda or Innova", "text": "MAKING KIDS LIVE 110%Over-parenting usually gets bad press. Remember the furore created by Amy Chua's 'Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother' last year, when excerpts from the book, taken out of context, whipped up a huge debate about Chua's apparently dictatorial ways of parenting?INNOVA MOMSToday's Innova Moms, who ferry their children around from one extra-curricular activity to the other, face the same sort of bad press. They are branded as over-driven Chinese mothers and criticized for taking away their children's leisure and play-time. It is hardly ever noted that most of them give up their own leisure time to do this. Most Innova Moms I know are hugely accomplished individuals who give up fantastic careers to take care of their children, and I don't see anything wrong with them doing their best to expose their children to a whole range of culture and sports. No one learns ballet by watching videos at home, you know.ROTE LEARNINGThe worst sort of Chinese mothers in my view were those from a previous generation who had an irrational faith in rote learning. They pushed their kids' noses into books, they thought being in the school play was a waste of time and they expected their children to shun society around the time they turned 15 and school boards loomed large. They were nowhere near as well-engaged in their children's academic and social lives as today's so-called over-reaching moms - their role ended with making a nutritious drink for the child, who would stay up all night cramming.When Chua's Chinese mother controversy had died down, her older daughter wrote a newspaper article thanking her strict tiger mom for making her live \"110%\". Is that such a bad goal, really?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11455584", "title": "Living standards, poverty reduction rely on economic growth: Rangarajan", "text": "TRICHY: Economic growth is critically important to increase the living standards of our people, which will help in bringing down poverty in India, Dr C Rangarajan, chairman, Economic Advisory Council to the Prime Minister said, on Wednesday.Delivering a lecture on the current economic scenes in India at Indian Institute of Management (IIM-Trichy) on Wednesday, Rangarajan said, \"The per capita gross domestic product (GDP) remains at Rs 1,600 now. It will increase to Rs 8,000 by 2025, provided the country grows at 8% per annum.\"Further, he pointed out that the employment opportunity in India can be generated by means of growth. Schemes such as the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS), universal education and the food security bill passed in parliament recently, were achieved by growth, Rangarajan said.About the agriculture sector in the country, he said that agriculture remained crucially important to ensure food security. As far as the 10th and 11th Five Year Plans (FYP) were concerned, the country did well in agriculture sectors. However, the country had posed the challenge of inflation in 2009 -10 and 2010-11, due to which, the food production declined by 17 million tonnes in 2009-10.Comparing the growth rate (6.7% in 2008-09, 8% in 2009-10 and 8.5% in 2010-11), Rangarajan forecasted that the growth rate will remain at 7% to 7.25% in 2011-12. Later, speaking to media persons, he said that in order to implement the FYPs completely within the prescribed period, the mid-term appraisal will help sort out various issues in executing the schemes.Replying to a question, he said that compared to the 10th FYP, the 11th FYP seemed to be progressive. \"In the current year, the high inflation led to postponement of investment in the manufacturing sector and it resulted in reduction of growth rate. The small scale industries were also affected by number of factors, particularly shortage of power,\" Rangarajan said.He also added, \"We must organise our education system which should have the option for vocational training. We must train people to advance their skills as there are number of areas in which skills are required.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11454940", "title": "\u2018Extend high-speed corridor up to Bangalore\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Railway officials want the proposed Ahmedabad-Mumbai-Pune high-speed corridor extended up to Bangalore, which has witnessed a glut in rail as well as air traffic in the past few years.The pre-feasibility study for the Ahmedabad-Mumbai-Pune corridor has already been completed by Systra, a French consultancy firm. The 643km-long route, if built, will cost an estimated Rs 100 crore per km.A senior railway official said, \"The point at which this route will touch Mumbai is yet to be finalized. It can terminate closer to an important junction in South Mumbai, Bandra or any other feasible spot. This will be decided when the feasibility report is prepared.\"The official said, \"It would make sense to extend the route up to Bangalore, instead of terminating it at Pune. There are only three trains from Mumbai to Bangalore-Udayan Express, Chalukya Express and Coimbatore Express, which take almost 24 hours. High-speed trains will considerably reduce the travel time as they would travel at a maximum speed of 200 kmph.\"According to one estimate, Bangalore has the third highest domestic traffic in the country after Mumbai and Delhi as the airport witnessed 12% growth in passenger traffic in 2011. The Bangalore airport handled 12.54 million passengers in 2011, comprising 10.24 million domestic passengers and 2.3 million international passengers.\"Mumbai-Bangalore is one of the busiest routes after Mumbai-Delhi in the country. It makes sense to provide high-speed connectivity to Bangalore.\"The new corridor route may not follow the existing route in order to cut distance and travel time. The high-speed rail will have an altogether new infrastructure and rolling stock, including the coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11456995", "title": "Freed shooter\u2019s letter key to Haren murder", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A letter written by Asgar Ali, the alleged Hyderabadi shooter acquitted in Haren Pandya murder, to the President of India in November 2003, eight months after the killing, is emerging as a key piece of evidence not just in the former minister's assassination but also in the fake encounters over two years later of Sohrabuddin Sheikh and his aide Tulsiram Prajapati.At a time when CBI is pressuring Andhra Pradesh police to hand over Mohammad Nayeemuddin alias Kalimuddin in the Sohrabuddin case, Asgar's letter can help givesleuthssome fresh leads, if any. Nayeemuddin, an absonder in Pandyacase, is alsowantedfor an alleged role in Sohrabuddin killing.Asgar's letter claims it was Prajapati who killed Pandya. Until now,theletter did nothave any evidentiary value since it was written by an undertrial in the case. But, after Gujarat HC dropped murder charges against him, it may uncover the alleged political conspiracy to kill Pandya. The acquittal was in SC in December 2011.The three-page letter, attached by suspended IPS Sanjiv Bhatt,in hiscommuniquedated November 5,2003 toformer minister Amit Shah, an accused in Sohrabuddin case, says Asgar was sought to be co-opted in the conspiracy to kill Pandya by jailed IPS officer Abhay Chudasama and Sohrabuddin. Asgar says since he was reluatant, Tulsiram was roped in to kill Pandya.B h at t was then the sup e r i n - tendent of SabarmatiCentral Jail, where Asgar was lodged. Bhatt has said on oath in Gujarat High Court that he had discussed the content of Asgar's letter with Shah over telephone and later faxed it to him for onwardtransmission to the office of President of India through official channel. Two days after Bhatt filed this affidavit, he was arrested for coercing his subordinate to substantiate his claims that he was present atthe meeting heldon February 27, 2002, the day of the Godhra massacre. Besides, in 2010, Sohrab's another accomplice Azam Khan from Udaipur also revealed certain details during the CBI probe in the fake encounter, stating that Sohrabuddin and Chudasama were allegedly linked with Pandya's murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11454640", "title": "Pranksters' pastime: Dial M for mischief", "text": "KOLKATA: \"What went wrong with you? I have been waiting for hours, but you didn't come. Don't you love me?\"The on-duty fire services officer was foxed. It was late at night and the caller sounded like a young girl. \"I tried to convince her that she might have dialled a wrong number and that it was an emergency number of the fire brigade that she had called. But she kept on arguing with me,\" said the fire service official.That was five months back. Now, the officer at the fire services headquarters is no longer flummoxed by such calls. He knows they are prank calls which have become a regular affair at work. On an average, fire services officials get 50 prank calls a day.\"Most of the time, I face worse callers who just practise their slang vocabulary over the phone,\" said an assistant mobility officer of the fire services department. Some of his colleagues have even had the irritating experience of having callers just play a record after dialling the number. \"Due to these prank callers, genuine ones often find our emergency numbers busy,\" said another officer.Not only the fire services, officials of emergency services like police and electric supply are also tired of such calls that have been flooding toll-free numbers. Interestingly, most mischievous callers were identified as teenagers aged between 12 and 16 years.\"A majority of these pranksters make threat calls,\" said an official posted at the city police control room. \"Very often they threaten to blow up a building or warn us about a bomb planted in some important building,\" he added.To stop the menace, the fire services department and other agencies have now installed caller identification devices. But the flow of prank calls hasn't gone down. Additional director general of the state fire services department Debapriya Biswas said: \"It has turned into a most tiring menace. We have lodged complaints with the police several times. They have even traced the culprits on a few occasions,\" said Biswas.But that didn't help much because most of the pranksters turned out to be juvenile. \"I traced one call to a 14-year-old girl residing in south Kolkata. She was a Class-VIII student of a reputable English-medium school,\" said a police officer. \"Both her parents are working. She lives alone in the flat most of the time with an ayah. She sheepishly admitted that prank calls were her best pastime after returning from school,\" said the officer.Biswas also admitted that most such callers are juvenile and loneliness at home leads them to such mischief. So, most often, police can do little with these 'little miscreants' except counselling. \"Only in case of serious threat calls do we take stern action,\" explained another Kolkata Police officer.But it's not only the case in Kolkata. \"Our counterparts in other cities are also having a similar experience. A couple of years back, Madurai Police introduced the 108 number as the emergency management service. Soon, they were flooded with prank calls,\" recalled a Kolkata Police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11456447", "title": "Bismarque Dias: From priest to politician", "text": "PANAJI: Despite the Damocles sword of defrocking hanging over him, Fr Bismarque Dias from St Estevem, is set to contest the March 2012 assembly elections from his home constituency of Cumbharjua.Speaking to TOI on Wednesday on his decision to move from priest to politician, Dias said, \"My life has always been for the people. Now it will be for all people, not just Christians. I have seen the pain and suffering of so many and decided to take the path of kindness. Now, I will have more power to serve.\"Dias says this is a crucial time for Goa and Goans. Illegal mining and the pillage of the ecology, the regional plan 2021 and the dangers within of large-scale urbanization and prodding from the \"grassroots people\" made him take the plunge. \"Politics today is cheating, looting and family promotion. We must aspire to holistic development, not just sustainable development. Development must be centred around the people,\" Dias said.Dias has been involved in full-time activism in Goa for some years now. But a turning point in his life came around three years when the people from the island of Vanxim objected to a development project there and even ridiculed him for being a priest. The land for the project is reported to have originally belonged to the church and was sold to the developer. His estrangement from the church grew deeper. \"I have not been forbidden from celebrating the Mass. I have not been ex-communicated. Maybe they will do so now,\" Dias said.But he vowed to plod on. \"I will follow the path of truth and kindness. It is time for me to move out of the ghetto of religious community life. I follow a global perspective and know of the dangers to this earth from global warming and other such phenomena. But I am focused on local issues, like the problems of the people of Vanxim or of Khariawada.\"With a masters in mass communications from the University of Haryana under his belt, Dias was all set to pursue his doctorate in mass communication from Westminster, UK. \"Everything was done and ready. But after I got involved in Vanxim, I gave up,\" Dias claims.When asked what he would like to work on if elected, his prompt answer is \"rural development\". When told that there is no such ministry of rural development at the state level, he says, \"I would be very happy if they create one.\"Does his family support him in his decision? \"My family has not said anything against me. I see my life as that of a 'good Samaritan'. I am not against the church or the priestly life. I respect all religions and all religions are rooted in kindness.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11456514", "title": "JPC goes out of its way to be courteous to CAG", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what appears to be an endorsement of Comptroller and Auditor General's (CAG) position as a constitutional body, the Joint Parliamentary Committee (JPC) at a recent meeting agreed to seat CAG Vinod Rai outside the witness box.After some deliberation, the JPC unanimously decided to provide Rai a seat next to the chairman to put across his views on December 19, 2011, a day after the CAG was asked to take oath as a witness and subjected to rigorous questioning from some members including Congress's Manish Tewari.\"The CAG is doing its job. It is only to help our country. If you go on embarrassing him like this, then he will also shirk his responsibility,\" AIADMK's M Thambidurai said, adding a strong 2G report was the result of the support of PAC.\"The PAC requested him to publish this kind of audit report. When that is the case, if another committee goes into this and puts him in the witness box, then we cannot expect anything fair in the future,\" Thambidurai added.\"CAG is not answerable to Parliament. He sits on the right of the chairman of the Public Accounts Committee (PAC)... It is an important constitutional office and very respected MPs including late Krishna Menon had to apologise to Parliament for his comments (against CAG),\" senior BJP leader Jaswant Singh said.\"In the JPC that was formed in 1991, we requested then finance minister ( Manmohan Singh ) to come. But he was not asked to sit in the witness box. He was requested to sit by the side of the chairman and we said 'kindly clarify and kindly give us information',\" Gurudas Dasgupta of CPI said.\"That we asked him to come as a witness and asked him to take oath has not been proper. I feel highly disturbed that the exalted office of the CAG is maligned. If they are subjected to the process of maligning and if they are subjected to process of interrogation, then that is not conducive to the propriety of the Constitution,\" Dasgupta said.Chairman of JPC P C Chacko agreed with the members and before calling the CAG in, ordered for removal of the witness board.\"We have to extend to them (CAG) a special privilege because now a concerted effort is going on (in media) to denigrate Parliament and the parliamentary committees... We should not fall prey to that, we never had any idea to denigrate the office of the CAG. So with your permission, special sitting arrangement for the CAG is there,\" Chacko said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460023", "title": "Rs 39cr power play for Kumbh Mela", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) has chalked out a Rs 39.19 crore-plan that includes raising of three substations to ensure uninterrupted power supply to the heart of the city, which will be at the centre-stage of the religious affair-Kumbh mela to be held in 2015-16. The plan also includes laying of several kilometres of new power lines and setting up distribution transformer centres (DTCs) at Ramkunda, Panchavati (Nashik) and at Kushavarta (Trimbakeshwar).Officials said that the power plan has been submitted to the government, who will examine the plan and approve it, after which funds would be sanctioned.\"Apart from raising infrastructure for the Kumbh mela, this plan will also provide relief to power consumers residing or doing business in the area. The two substations are purposefully being planned in the city so that there is no disruption of power in any case. Similar is the case with Trimbakeshwar,\" a senior MSEDCL official said.The company has estimated the cost of setting up the three substations with power transformers of various capacities at Rs 6.67 crore. The Trimbakeshar substation will have a power transformer of 10 MVA and the two substations in the city will have 5 MVA power transformers each. \"There is problem of space for the substations in the city. We have requested the municipal corporation to make some space for the company as it is going to benefit the residents of the city. Two places have been identified and a request has been forwarded. We are hopeful that the corporation will look into the matter soon,\" said executive engineer CU Patil.The company intends to lay 34 km of new 33 KV lines between 2013-14 and 2014-15 at the cost of Rs 4.05 crore. Other major works include the laying of new lines and conversion of overhead low-tension lines to underground at the cost of Rs 4.18 crore.The various projects under taken by the company are aimed at augmenting the power scenario in the city during the peak period. They will be drawn from various power feeders so that the failure of one does not affect the other.The conversion of overhead lines to underground lines is largely confined to the Shahi Marg where grand processions of hermits are organized when they go for 'Shahi Snan' on the auspicious days during the Kumbh Mela.The change would add to the safety of the citizens, the senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11454701", "title": "Two more Koradi units shut", "text": "NAGPUR: Mahagenco has shut down more units of Koradi power station taking the total to six. At present only one unit is operational. While the company officials said this was a temporary measure, chances are they might be permanently shut down like the first units.Coincidentally, two units of Wardha Power Co Ltd.'(WPCL's) Warora plant are slated to start generation in February. Last year, in January four Koradi units were shut down as the first two WPCL units started generation. There were allegations by several local leaders that the Koradi units were closed to help WPCL evacuate its power. Due to congestion in transmission corridor, Mahatransco had refused transmission permission to WPCL. This time, some power officials are linking the closure of two Koradi units with WPCL. Mahagenco officials, however, denied any such possibility.Laxman Marghade, chief general manager (CGM) of Koradi plant, said, \"due to low demand at night in the state, Mahagenco had been asked to reduce generation by 460 MW. If we reduce generation at night, this reduces the plant load factor (PLF) and MERC penalizes us. Therefore, we have decided to close down the two units temporarily. Moreover, unit No 6 also needed repairs.\"Marghade assured that when demand for power goes up, the units would be ready and would be restarted.This measure spread panic among 700-odd employees deployed at the two units. They fear they would be transferred to other power stations. Union leader Mohan Sharma alleged that the decision was taken to favour private power plants. \"The two units were in good condition and they were providing cheap power. Power generated by private plants is costlier,\" he said.The controversy over the closure of four 105 MW units last year is yet die down. Mahagenco had shut the units stating that the generation cost had increased to over Rs 4 per unit while MERC was allowing expense of only Rs 2.30 per unit. MERC then allowed Mahagenco to recover full charges. The company sent a communication to MSEDCL in this regard but did not receive any reply. Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA) had also offered to buy Koradi power but its request was not entertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11456950", "title": "RWH made a difference in TN", "text": "When people of neighbouring Tamil Nadu were reeling under water shortage once upon a time, rain was their saviour. Not only did the mandatory rain water harvesting (RWH) ensure citizens got water at more frequent intervals, it also largely improved groundwater tables of the entire state.On the other hand, the situation in Bangalore remains grim with peripheral zones of the city not getting water till 1,000 feet below the surface. Experts say strict implementation of RWH will ensure the city's water table not only goes up but also comes to the aid of several areas not getting BWSSB supply.\"Central Bangalore gets adequate pipe water facility, so they are less dependent on groundwater. Leakages from the existing infrastructure and sewage seeping into the ground helps the water table remain stagnant at 20 feet approximately. Overexploitation in peripheral areas and the absence of a pipe water facility through BWSSB have left many areas in the city solely dependent on groundwater. This is the case in several other taluks across the state where development rate is equally proportional to groundwater table depletion,\" said Najeeb K Md, director, Central Ground Water Board, Bangalore. Shekhar Raghavan, a water expert in Chennai, said: \"The government made RWH mandatory from October 2002 and gave only a year's deadline to install it in the city's 4.5 lakh residential houses. But the water board slept on it and when the government reviewed the situation, they found nothing had been done for eight months. The government advanced the deadline to August 31 and within one and a half months, people were asked to install RWH,\" Raghavan said.Unfortunately, in 2003 and 2004, Tamil Nadu suffered scanty rainfall, but after the 2005 monsoon, the surveys on groundwater tables showed improvement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11465126", "title": "Soccer player Mario Gomez admires Freida Pinto", "text": "F C Bayern Munich player Mario Gomez who was on his first visit to India spoke about his interest in bollywood movies.Mario Gomez, the main striker and one of the most important players in the F C Bayern Munich team is all excited about his first visit to India. He says, \" This is my first visit to India and I want to know more about the people and culture here in India. Even though it has been a very short visit I have enjoyed my stay here in India. People have been very warm and loving. I have tasted some of the Indian delicacies, but its too spicy. I wish to come back again and explore the country more.\"Talking about the friendly exhibition match Mario adds, \" We are happy and excited to play in an Indian ground. It will be our first time experience. Honestly speaking, I don't know much about Indian football but Bhaichung Bhutia has been a good friend and it a joy for us to play this match on his farewell occasion.\"Ask about his stay in Delhi and he narrates, \" The weather is beautiful and the city looks very clean. We wanted to go sight seeing but unfortunately its very short time and the team players just couldn't get much time going out of the hotel.\"Besides his game, Mario loves travelling and watching movies. He excitedly tells us, \" I have been following lot of Bollywood movies. Sadly, I don't understand Hindi. But yes, I did watch the Slumdog Millionaire movie and it is very popular in Germany.\" He continues, \" I like Freida Pinto the actress in the movie, she looked very hot and sexy. Frankly I don't know too many Bollywood actors but would love to meet Freida one day.\" Would he like to act in Bollywood movies? And he laughs, \" Me and acting, hahahah...I'm happy playing soccer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11455288", "title": "Manager makes it hot for Koneru", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tummala Ranga Rao, the manager of Stylish Homes Pvt Ltd, in his deposition before a magistrate, said that he had only carried out the orders of Koneru Rajendra Prasad, the sixth accused in the APIIC-Emaar scandal. Koneru, who represented Emaar Properties, Dubai, in AP, while dealing with the state government, brought in his own firm, Stylish Homes, as a sales agency to sell the villas and other properties on a commission basis.The CBI, which is probing the scam, got Ranga Rao's statement recorded before the magistrate under section 164 of the CrPC a few days ago. This statement was placed before the CBI court, which is hearing the case.Emaar Properties (PJSC- Dubai), which entered into an agreement with the AP Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC) for developing more than 500 acres in the Manikonda area near Gachibowli of Greater Hyderabad into villas, apartments, a golf course, convention centre, star hotel, etc, has been charged by the CBI with duping the public sector partner by depriving it of its 26% share. The unofficial entry of Stylish Homes and MGF firms had eaten into the share of the state without the latter's knowledge, the agency contended.While crores of rupees were collected through sale of villas and other facilities by Stylish Homes, nothing reached the state coffers and Koneru Prasad diverted Rs 138 crore to his and his son's accounts in Dubai, the CBI said in its case presented to the court.Ranga Rao, who collected cash from several villa owners at the Hyderabad home of Koneru Prasad, now reportedly told both the CBI and the magistrate that he had done all this following orders from Koneru. \"I directed the villa owners to pay only Rs 5,000 officially and the rest into the private accounts of Koneru and his son,\" he said. Several VIPS, cine stars, politicians and their kin have bought villas in the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460353", "title": "Lack of working loos at college puts girls at risk", "text": "NASHIK: Girls studying at V N Naik College are facing a peculiar problem from the last few months. The trouble is that toilets at the college are being repaired and the girls have to rush to another building in the campus if they wish to use the washroom.Often, they have to either use the washroom at the engineering wing of the college or the Hindi-medium school on campus, both located across the playground. Students reveal that they are afraid of complaining to the authorities lest their academic record be affected. Std XII (commerce) student Shilpa Dhamane (name changed) said, \"The single washroom in our building is being repaired from a long time. It was in working condition till last year but it used to be unclean and there always a water problem.\"Another Std XII (science) student, Rohini Patil (name changed), said that as students have been asked to use the washrooms at the buildings across the playground, they prefer not going to the washroom than waste time walking to and from the buildings.Ritu Jain (name changed), a student of Std XII commerce, said, \"Sometimes we are not permitted to use the toilet at the engineering college because of ongoing exams or practicals there. There is a toilet outside our building but it is always unclean and there is no water in the toilet. We are afraid of complaining lest it affects our marks.\"Principal of the college, Vishwanath Khedkar, said that the toilets were under repair and that the work would be complete in a few days, after which the toilets would be ready to use. \"We have provided the girls with an alternate place to use till the repair work gets over,\" he said. He denied that the toilet was closed for the past six months but admitted that the repair work had been in progress \"for some months\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11456192", "title": "MCI to hold probe in drug trial case", "text": "INDORE: The regulatory agencies have now started tightening its noose on the doctors involved in unethical testing of drugs on patients. After the Drug Controller General of India ( DCGI) issued show cause notice to five doctors for subjecting 233 patients to clinical trial, Medical Council of India (MCI) is now going to act tough on doctors as it has ordered its own investigations afresh. On Monday, chairperson of MCI professor K.K Talwar ordered a probe in the much infamous clinical trial issue that rocked the medical fraternity all over the country. Talwar has constituted a probe team under professor Sneh Bhargava, who will submit her report on clinical trial that were conducted in the city to take further action if anomalies are found against the doctors.Prior to this, CPM politbureau member Brinda Karat wrote to MCI about the trial incident urging to take action against those involved in the drug trial in which doctors flagrantly violated minimum ethical standards on their patients. Karat on Monday met Professor Talwar to bring into the notice of the council about the misdeeds of the doctors and urge to cancel the registration of doctors who flouted the norms. Speaking to ToI, Karat informed that it was strange that council is under dark and is still waiting for communication from state government and other regulatory bodies to recommend any further action.\"The council has ordered fresh investigation in drug trial incident. A committee will carry its probe and submit its report to the chairman to take appropriate action against the erring doctors,\" said Karat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454938", "title": "Pragati Maidan may not host Auto Expo", "text": "NEW DELHI: Poor arrangement and criticism from all quarters over improper management have forced organizers of the biennial Auto Expo to shift the venue from Pragati Maidan. They are now scouting for other locations, which include a proposed GMR site near Delhi airport and Jaypee F1 circuit in Greater Noida.The Expo, which has drawn flak in virtually every edition held at the current venue, will also be held on new dates - February 5-12 - to avoid the event coinciding with a high-profile motor show being held at Detroit in the early part of January.Virendra Gupta, Delhi Expo spokesperson, said it has been decided that other locations would be considered for the next edition.\"The plan is to find a location that has the capacity to accommodate not only the exhibitors, but also a large number of people visiting the event.\"Sources said the organizers - which include CII, auto major SIAM and component makers' organization ACMA -- have more or less made up their mind to move out of Pragati Maidan, which is managed by ITPO. \"While it is ITPO that is usually behind the mess at Pragati Maidan, the organizers have to bear the brunt of mismanagement as they are the public face of the Expo,\" the sources alleged said.However, ITPO did not agree with the expo organizers and attributed the troubles faced by them to mismanagement by those in-charge of the event.Peeved at the poor arrangements and unmanageable crowds at the venue, many companies have expressed their displeasure with some even withholding payment due on them. \"Why should we make full payment if the arrangements have been below par and too inferior to what was promised. This type of shabby treatment has become a regular affair and we want to make our displeasure clear this time around,\" said a top official working with a major European car making company.Vishnu Mathur, SIAM director-general, said one of the criteria in deciding on a new location will be its connectivity through public transport. \"We want the public to reach the venue easily and without inconvenience. Thus connectivity through public transport will be an important factor,\" he said.But just as they think of moving out, while blaming the ITPO, there is also discontent brewing among the organizers themselves even as they refused to comment on the issue. CII, the apex industry chamber, has been blamed by other organizers for the \"unmanageable visitors\" at the expo, even on days reserved for the press.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11455508", "title": "No brakes on menace of minor drivers", "text": "NOIDA: Underage driving is increasingly becoming a serious problem for the city. According to the city's traffic department, on an average 150 underage drivers are fined every month in Noida. This particular offence, as per Noida cops, is steadily increasing and is showing no signs of abating.Ignoring traffic rules, underage drivers can be seen cruising on their bikes and cars on the city's roads endangering not only their lives but also of pedestrians. Schools in the city have decided to adopt strict policies to curb this menace. \"Students driving their own vehicles to school are simply not allowed. If the guard at the gate finds a student driving up to the school in a bike or a car, then the parents are immediately called to school,\" said Nidhi Sirohi, principal, Kothari International School.Teachers explained that fascination of teenagers for cars and bikes starts at an early age and consequently awareness about traffic also needs to be inculcated among them at the same time. \"Students start getting fascinated with fast vehicles quite early. That is why we have our traffic awareness drives for students from class VI onwards. The fascination for cars is natural, but proper education is required for them to grow up to be responsible drivers,\" said Renu Singh, principal, Amity International School.Schools have tied up with the traffic department for different workshops so that students are better informed about the pitfalls of driving without a license. \"We strongly discourage our students to drive. We regularly have workshops in association with the traffic police to educate our students about road safety and traffic laws,\" said Kamini Bhasin, principal, DPS Noida.According to different schools, it's important to find the reason as to why underage driving takes place in the first place. \"Of course, sometimes it is because parents don't have time to supervise or develop the right values in their children and take the easy way out and spoil them with over-indulgence. But often, families have drivers who get bullied by the youngsters into letting them drive. Mostly, it is because there is an impatience among the teens with accepting limits - everything must be available at any time,\" said Dr Shalini Advani, principal, Pathways School.In spite of the numerous steps that have been taken by different schools to combat the problem of underage driving, the number of offences showing no signs of decreasing. According to the traffic police, parents play an important role in curbing this problem. \"Parents often do not take this problem seriously enough. They might not even realize when the child has taken the car or bike for a ride. Greater awareness is required not only for the children, but also the city in general,\" said Saifuddin Beg, chief traffic inspector, Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11455933", "title": "Army told to compensate kin of tribals killed in explosion", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A division bench of Gujarat high court has upheld a decision of Kutch's deputy collector directing the Indian Army to pay compensation to families of four poor persons, who were killed in an explosion in Khavda a decade ago.Army personnel conducted an artillery firing practice near Khavda, the border region in the north of Kutch, on June 27, 2002. The next day, a shell exploded near the firing range in a tin shed killing four tribal persons from Dahod region and injuring four others. Those killed were collecting scrap after the firing practice.A deputy collector conducted an inquiry into the incident and held the defence personnel responsible for negligence that they did not care to see that explosives were not left out after practice. The officer ordered the army to pay Rs 6.91 lakh to eight claimants with 12 per cent interest.The decision was not acceptable by the Army, which moved HC claiming that the military had no connection with the explosion. The commandant stated that the firing range was free from any unused firing substance, therefore the headquarter and units in Kutch cannot be held responsible for the accident. It was contended that the explosion had taken place outside the boundaries of firing range. Therefore, to claim compensation from the Army is not applicable in this case under Section 5 of the Maneuvers Field Firing and Artillery Practice Act.The central government even alleged the tribals of having indulged in a possible sabotage and claimed that army's liability is wrongly saddled without any justification.The counsel for claimants, Apurva Dave contended that it was the duty of the army personnel to ensure that no blind shell is left behind. But after firing practice, some shells remained untraced and remained under soil. The kind of shell that exploded was usually used by army. Hence the army must give compensation to the affected because the army officials did not trace and deactivate the shell that was misfired.In 2010, a single-judge bench had asked the commandant of regiment to pay compensation, but no payment was made by the defence establishment. Instead, it filed an appeal before a division bench, which was dismissed with observation, \"It was the duty of the officer of to ensure that no shell misses out and if some shells are to be traced, then the same shall be taken into custody, and thereafter, deactivated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11458444", "title": "Veteran air traffic controller Krishnan passes away", "text": "CHENNAI: Veteran Air Traffic Controller V Krishnan passed away at his residence in Chennai on Wednesday night. Krishnan, one of the senior members of Air Traffic Controllers Guild of India was the member of National Civil Aviation Safety Advisory Council.Krishnan, 76, retired from the service in 1994 as a general manager-ATC and served various airports in India during his career started in early 1960s.Capt. A Ranganathan, veteran pilot and senior member of the Civil Aviation Safety Advisory Council said Krishnan was one of the best radar controllers during his time. \"He was committed to the safety of aviation. He was the authority of international aviation regulations,\" said Capt. Ranganathan, who was also a close friend of Krishnan for several decades.\"Krishnan was the guide and mentor of ATCians across the country and he was the one who always raised the issues of Indian air traffic controllers. It is a major loss to all of us since there are very few veterans like Krishnan in Indian ATC history. After his retirement, Krishnan was active in the aviation sector and involved in the various issues of ATCians, as an observer and adviser, ignoring his bad health,\" said a statement from Chennai Air Traffic Controllers.Krishnan was survived by his wife and two daughters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11447745", "title": "I could kill Kareena Kapoor: Sonam", "text": "Actress Sonam Kapoor maybe a fashionista. She says that her look in the film Players was the closest to what she is in real life.\"Everyone relates my fashion style to the one in the movie Ayesha. However, I think the way my character dresses in Players is more me,\" she says.Ask her whom she considers the best dressed in the film industry and she is quick to say, \"Karisma Kapoor. She is elegant, and knows exactly what suits her!\" And what about the one person who looks fab in almost anything? \"It's got to be Kareena Kapoor . I could kill her. She looks awesome in just about anything she wears. And can carry off every look so well.\"So what's next for the actress? She'll be starting shooting for Rajkumar Santoshi's film next month in which she is paired opposite Abhay Deol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11455300", "title": "Mysterious death of lift operator", "text": "HYDERABAD: A lift operator died under mysterious circumstances, on Wednesday at KIMS Hospital on Minister Road.According to Ramgopalpet police, the victim, Raju (32) of Malakpet, was working as a lift operator at a seven-storied under-construction building on the hospital premises.\"Everyone thought Raju had left the premises after handing over the keys following duty on Tuesday night, but construction workers on Wednesday morning found his body on the ground floor in the space left for another lift,\" Ramgopalpet sub-inspector V David said. After preliminary investigation, police have come to the conclusion that Raju fell from the top floor and died on the spot as iron rods jutting out of a concrete slab pierced his body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11456273", "title": "Simran Goraya set to strike a melodious chord with city", "text": "LUDHIANA: If you hear about city resident Simran Goraya's profile, it would be tough to believe that he is a singer. But that's what 26-year-old youth is, who is all set to release his new album \"Bad Man\" soon in the city. He is a multi-talented person who is also lyricist, music director and actor.And it just doesn't end at this. He is a black belt in marshal arts, has won the title of Mr Fresher in his engineering college, has done MA in English, is a state-level painter, has excelled in basketball at various games played at district level and is currently pursuing LLB from Panjab University. But because of his love for singing, he left engineering midway and started building a career in the music field, much to his parents' chagrin.\"Parents were against it but now they are proud of me,\" says Simran, who has already released his album in countries like Sweden , Finland and Norway during his Europe tour. In India, he will unveil it from his home town Ludhiana.Resident of Sector 32, Simran said he released his first solo album \"Kinaare\" in the year 2007. After the success of first album, he came out with two more albums, \"Aashiq\" and \"Hyper\" and after that came \" Bad man.\"He says the inspiration for the name \"Bad man\" came after the success of his last album's song, in which he had a bad man's image, which was liked by people a lot. His this album has 11 songs and it took him 6 months to write the lyrics and gives the music to them. The songs are of varied kinds, some emotional, some meant as dance numbers and a song dedicated to mothers.Simran credits his achievements to his teachers, Jasbir Kaur Makkar, who is the principal of SCD government college and late Daljit Singh Dhurkotia. Simran's younger brother, Amrinder, has directed the album songs. Amrinder said all albums of Simran's has been directed by him only and he feels proud when his brother's singing is appreciated more than his direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11452559", "title": "EC puts 4.5% minority quota on hold in poll-bound states", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Election Commission on Wednesday asked the government to put on hold its decision on 4.5 per cent sub-quota for minorities in five poll-bound states till election process ends there as a controversy raged over the issue.\"It has been brought to the notice of the Commission that the Central Government has carved out 4.5 per cent sub-quota for minorities from within 27 per cent quota for OBCs in violation of the Model Code of Conduct and should be stopped by the Commission,\" the EC said in a statement.The Commission said that while considering the matter, it \"took into account the fact that the decision was taken and announced\" on December 22, last year, two days before the poll schedule was announced and the Model Code of Conduct went into force.The EC, therefore, \"directed\" the ministry of personnel, public grievances &amp; pensions (Department of Personnel &amp; Training) that the office memorandum dated December 22, 2011, \"shall not be given effect to\" in the poll-going states -- Goa, Manipur, Punjab, Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh -- \"until the completion of the election process in these states\".The BJP had attacked the decision as aimed at influencing the voters in the coming assembly elections especially in Uttar Pradesh.Law minister Salman Khurshid went a step further when he announced in his wife Louise's constituency Farrukhabad that Congress, if voted to power in UP, would double the sub-quota to nine per cent for OBC Muslims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11454733", "title": "MMRDA approves hike in SCLR cost", "text": "MUMBAI: The much-delayed Santacruz Chembur Link Road (SCLR) project has got a breather. On Wednesday, MMRDA's executive committee, headed by chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad, approved a revision in its cost estimates.The project, which is a part of the World Bank-financed Mumbai Urban Transport Project (MUTP), was originally estimated to cost Rs 110 crore. But delays in resettlement of the project affected people (PAP), removal of bottlenecks, and a change in design for a certain section along the 6.4 km long stretch led to overshooting of the completion time.The project, initiated in 2005, was expected to be completed by December 2009, but is yet to be completed. Between 2005 and 2010, the cost increased from Rs 110 crore to Rs 144 crore. On the basis of an expert committee's opinion, the MMRDA committee has approved a revised cost of Rs 176 crore, a further 22% escalation.On submission of revised estimates by MSRDC, which is implementing the project, the state had appointed a panel under NV Merani, who heads the standing technical advisory committee (STAC) on roads, to review the additional cost. Approvals to certain flyover and road projects were also granted during Wednesday's meeting. Tenders for these will be floated only after civic elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11454623", "title": "Peta India celebrates 12th year today", "text": "MUMBAI: As People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) India celebrates its 12th anniversary in the city on Thursday, animal rights campaigners are looking into the rising cases of cruelties towards strays in urban areas.The current chief functionary of PETA India, Poorva Joshipura, told TOI, \"We have fought many cases to safeguard animal rights in India in the last 12 years; however we are disturbed by several instances wherein educated people kill stray animals.\" Joshipura was referring to recent cases in Mumbai where stray dogs were either beaten to death or poisoned.\" Residents of the concerned societies who allowed the illegal killing of dogs by failing to speak up have blood on their hands while those residents who alerted authorities are the true heroes,\" she stated. A Navi Mumbai-based activist, Aditi Lahiri, told TOI, \"Four years ago, stray dogs were poisoned to death in Nerul, but the perpetrators were never found.\"\"Authorities should concentrate on sterilizations to control the population of strays,'' added Lahiri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460983", "title": "Private hospitals home in on Nashik city", "text": "NASHIK: The city's healthcare system seems to be getting a better prescription as some of the country's hospital chains have sought feasibility reports on setting up base here. From Apollo to Fortis, the corporate hospitals of the country seem to be taking an interest in the city's healthcare facilities. Currently, Wockhardt Hospital, a 200-bed entity on the Mumbai-Nashik highway, has its presence here.Dr Vivek Desai, who heads Mumbai-based healthcare management consultancy firm Hosmac, feels Nashik is poised for healthcare expansion. \"Nashik's connectivity with both Mumbai and Pune has tremendously increased in the past few years. There is a boom in residential as well as educational sector. Healthcare will follow,\" he says.Currently, one of the most prosperous cities of the state is woefully short of hospital beds. For every 600 Nashikites, there is only one hospital bed. Worse, it is not a standard bed if one compares to the bigger cities of Maharashtra like Mumbai and Pune. The reason for lack of healthcare facilities is that its urban sprawl and prosperity is not in sync with its infrastructure, says Dr Shyam Ashtekar, who recently brought out a research paper on the need for universal health cover for Nashik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11453321", "title": "Nagpur shivers at 7.8 deg C", "text": "NAGPUR: As the cold wave intensified across North India, the region too was shivering through the day on Wednesday. In fact, Tuesday night turned out to be the coldest of the season for Nagpur with the minimum temperature dipping to 7.8 degree Celsius. Akola was 7.5 degrees, the coldest in Vidarbha. Gondia was warmer but only just at 9.2 degrees.Just a day after it was reported that many lakes in the Kashmir valley had frozen for the first time this winter, the city experienced a sharp chill even with the Sun shining brightly in afternoon hours. In fact, it is because of the winds blowing in from the North as well as from Bay of Bengal that have built up such conditions in the region.The humid air coming from the direction of the sea is also responsible for cloud formation, resulting in fogs on most mornings. It is expected that the temperatures would fall further in the coming week, warn the weathermen. Residents of the Orange City, they added, should gear up for a tough winter ahead.BOX:Lowest temperature in January in Nagpur: 3.9 degrees (Jan 7, 1937)Previous lowest temperature before Thursday this season: 9.2 degrees (Dec 22, 2011)Lowest ever temperature of Nagpur: 3.0 degrees", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460207", "title": "City folks on a mission to clean up politics", "text": "NASHIK: Opening up the platform only for apolitical figures and activities, the city-based Nashik Citizens' Forum (NCF), has appealed Nashikites to join hands for the 'Mission Clean Politics' that is aimed at creating a stronger democracy.With the citizens set to go to polls on February 16 to elect their representatives to run the Nashik Municipal Corporation, the NCF has spelt out 10-point guideline to the political parties appealing them to chose their candidate based on these principles.Addressing the gathering of citizens - mainly senior citizens - at Hutatma Smarak, the NCF said that the meeting was only for the citizens who loved the city, who felt they wish to contribute for the city for the span of two months from today and who are ready to lead from the front.Sameer Deo of NCF said, \"The basic principle of the organization is not support or oppose anybody, but only to guide citizens to come out and vote first of all and next is to elect the candidate who is nearest to the 10-point guideline.\" \"With support of senior citizens, youths, social organizations, industrials associations the campaigns are being carried out in the various parts of the city ,\" Deo said adding that the only aim is to encourage the citizens to contribute for bettering the situation at NMC.In future as the Election Day draws near, the organization is also planning to conduct rallies in which hundreds of citizens will march through the various parts of the city to create awareness about casting their vote. \"College children will also participate in the rally and we will present skits to draw attention of the citizens towards the need to vote,\" Viraj Lomte, chairman, Mission Clean Politics said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11458608", "title": "Yash Raj wants Rani Mukerji in Dhoom 3", "text": "The production house is reportedly, busy chalking out a meaty role for the actress alongside Aamir Khan in their biggest upcoming ventureLast year, the production house had announced Aamir Khan's entry in the next film of the successful Dhoom franchise. Following John Abraham and Hrithik Roshan , in Dhoom 1 and Dhoom 2 respectively, Aamir had stepped in as the super-villain in the project. Yash Raj Films chose Katrina Kaif for the role opposite Aamir in the film. And now, Rani might join the cast as well.A source close to the project informed Mumbai Mirror, \"Rani might be seen in a role similar to Aishwarya Rai in Dhoom 2. In Dhoom 3, Aamir is playing the villain and Rani shares a fabulous rapport with him. In fact, she had once mentioned on a chat show how Aamir had been her best co-star among all Khans.\"Initially planned as a Christmas 2012 release, the film has been postponed to next year. The film is likely to go on floors this November, which gives Rani ample time to decide and prepare for the role after her film Talaash with Aamir hits the theatres in June this year. Reportedly, Aamir will also work on his physique, a prerequisite for the role.\"YRF has three big films with the Khans - Salman, Shah Rukh and Aamir. Two of these projects are already on floors. This leaves only Dhoom3 open with a challenging female role. Rani too is keen on being a part of the film. She will take a call soon,\" added the source.Dhoom 3 will also star Abhishek Bachchan and Uday Chopra , who have been a part of the Dhoom franchise from the beginning. The film will be written and directed by Vijay Krishna Acharya, who had written the earlier two films in the series.When contacted, the YRF spokesperson neither denied nor confirmed the development and simply said, \"We will make a D 3 announcement as and when there is something new to share.\"Casting story so far...\u00bb The third film of the Dhoom series was announced amidst rumours of Shah Rukh Khan being an integral part of the cast. SRK was supposed to play the main villain in the film and Kareena Kapoor , his lady love.\u00bb SRK was overshadowed by YRF's big announcement about Aamir Khan being the new Dhoom 3 villain.\u00bb In June 2011, Angela Jonsson was reportedly spotted at the YRF office sparking off rumours about her being the next Dhoom girl.\u00bb This was followed by reports about Katrina Kaif leading the female cast of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11459748", "title": "Celeb Cricket League is back with a bang", "text": "Back with a bang The Celebrity Cricket League is back with two new teams and a bigger line-up of starsIt is back. And this time it's bigger and better. The CCL, Celebrity Cricket League, which has become a rage across the nation, is all set to begin with a bang. With the inauguration match of its second season set to kick off in Sharjah on January 13, there is a lot of hype surrounding the league that has two more teams and bigger stars in addition to the existing teams.The Chennai Rhinos, owned by Gangaprasad of GVR Group, has Sharath Kumar as the advisor and the team comprises of stars like Arya, Jiiva, Bharath, Srikanth, Shaam and others. The team, led by Vishal, will play their first match against the Mumbai Heroes on January 14 at the Sharjah International Stadium. The match will be telecast on January 14 on Sun TV at 9.30 pm IST.With Sameera Reddy and Amla Paul as the brand ambassadors of Chennai Rhinos, the team is all set to woo Lady Luck. The CCL Season 2 matches promise to be a complete carnival boasting of a massive star line-up and some scintillating performance by actresses and performers at every venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454857", "title": "Khanna may go, 4 in fray for L-G post", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi might get a new administrator very soon. Top government sources told TOI that Lt Governor Tejendra Khanna, who has been holding the post since April 2007, is likely to be replaced by March.Names of four possible candidates are doing the rounds in the corridors of power. Sources said, those in the reckoning include two former police commissioners of Delhi - Y S Dadwal and Dr K K Paul. Two others in the race are IAS officers - former Union home secretary, G K Pillai and former principal secretary (transport) in Delhi government Ashok Pradhan. No final decision has been taken yet and there could be an addition to these four names if the need arises.The government may announce Khanna's successor by March, before the civic elections. Sources say Dadwal and Paul are strong contenders to the post, but chief minister Sheila Dikshit may not like the idea of working under any of them. According to protocol, L-G's rank is above that of the chief minister.Dadwal, a 1974 batch IPS officer, has been police commissioner for over three years from July 2007 to November 2010. While in Delhi Police, he ensured corruption did not take place and cases are investigated properly. He presently heads the Sashatra Seema Bal (SSB).Dadwal was appreciated for successfully managing the Commonwealth Games security. Dr K K Paul, a 1970 batch IPS officer, also served as Delhi's top cop for over three years - February 2004 to July 2007. He is presently UPSC member.G K Pillai, a 1972 batch IAS officer, has also served on important government posts and was home secretary till last year. Ashok Pradhan has also served in Delhi government and his name was reportedly considered earlier as well.Tejendra Khanna, who has been serving his second term as lieutenant governor after his first stint from 1996 to April 1998, was criticized by the PM-appointed Shunglu Committee and the Delhi government for the mess surrounding the Games village project. Khanna had filed a reply on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11454461", "title": "Pune weather: Day temperature falls too, max temp at 25.9 deg C", "text": "PUNE: Not only is the minimum temperature in the city below normal for this time of year but day temperatures too have dropped considerably. On Wednesday, the maximum temperature was 25.9 degree C, 3 degrees below normal. Last week the maximum temperatures hovered around 31 degree C.The minimum temperature in the city remained low at 7.7 degree Celsius, 3 degrees below normal.The India Meteorological Department ( IMD) has forecast mainly clear skies while the maximum and minimum temperatures would be around 27 degree C and 7 degree C, respectively.Cold wave conditions prevailed at isolated parts in the central Maharashtra belt ranging from Jalgaon and Nashik in the north to Kolhapur down south with Pune at the centre. Most of the northern central Maharashtra belt remained impacted by the cold conditions.Nashik recorded the state's lowest temperature at 6.1 degree C, which is 4 degree C below normal, while Jalgaon and Malegaon recorded 7.7 (-5) and 7.8 (-3) degree C respectively. Ahmednagar recorded 8.2 degree C (-4). tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454789", "title": "Senior bureaucrat\u2019s house burgled in Kidwai Nagar", "text": "NEW DELHI: A bureaucrat's house was burgled on Wednesday afternoon in West Kidwai Nagar area of Sarojini Nagar with the intruders decamping with cash and jewellery worth lakhs. The officer, identified as Ruchira Pant, is the director general, Export Promotion, while her husband is the director general, Technical Services, Uttarakhand, said cops.The incident took place when Pant left for office in the morning. When she returned to her residence she found the lock broken and the house ransacked. The loss is estimated at several lakhs. An FIR has been registered, cops said.\"Preliminary investigations suggest that someone had recede the house and found out the entry and exit timings of the victim. The accused also seemed to know about the whereabouts of the family members. They knew that the couple's daughter had gone to Dehradun,\" said a police source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11461197", "title": "I love being famous: Karan Wahi", "text": "You've seen him as the teeniebopper Ranveer Sisodia in Remix and the charming heartbreaker doc Siddhant in Dill Mill Gaye before.After a brief hiatus, Karan Wahi returns on the soapbox again, albeit in a character role called Rohan in Kuch Toh Log Kahenge. \"My role has been planned for three months, so I don't know what will happen beyond that. I've also shot a pilot episode for a love story, Yeh Pyaar Nibhayenge Hum, but I am not aware of its status. After February, I'll be able to figure out what is likely to keep me busy,\" Karan says with a hint of a laugh. If you've wondered what makes Karan's screen chemistry with co-star Kritika Kamra so sizzling, he says that's essentially because he they share a \"chilled out relationship. \"I've known her for the last three years. It's easier to work with friends ,\" he says.As a young heartthrob, Karan admits that he likes, \"girls running after me. In fact, I get irritated when I don't get attention from them! Most 25 year old guys have to work hard to impress the girls and have to do all the chasing. For me the roles are reversed. What more can a guy ask for? It's fun to be the centre of attention. There are times when I know I am not looking my best, but people say 'you look cute'. That kind of adulation spoils you a bit. I sincerely hope that even when I am 50, I get this much attention,\" he laughs. Karan loves being the focus of attention so much that, \"whenever\" he feels sad or lonely, he goes to \"a mall where 20,000 people hound me and I get all charged up. I love being famous.\"Saas bahu soaps provide the much required masala on entertainment television and Karan too, doesn't mind doing one. \"I don't tell myself what to do and what not to. If I like a show, I do it. I don't think about TRPs when I sign up for a show,\" he says.We quiz him how he feels about popular film scenes being adapted on TV shows. Karan who has done a lot of such scenes himself, feels, \"if film scenes are constantly being recreated in a soap, they lose their charm. But if the recreated scene can be spiced up a bit, then it's fine with me. I really don't like doing scenes that are blatant copies of a film scene,\" he says. Karan admits he likes show titles based on film songs because the audience connects with them easily. When it comes to his own TV watching habits, he says, \"I like watching different kind of shows, but I hate watching myself on TV. I feel I am a terrible actor.\" One thing Karan wants to change about himself is his temperament. \"I want to balance work and pleasure. I also need to be more focussed and less hyper. But I am glad I am changing.\"Like his contemporaries, Karan too, is keen on moving to Bollywood. \"I had even signed a film with a top production house, but it didn't take off. I have waited long enough for films, now I just want to work, irrespective of the medium. If I get the opportunity, I wouldn't mind doing films and TV at the same time,\" he says.Karan is also a fitness freak and enjoys working out. \"I have been working out since I was 14. I recently lost 10 kilos. I believe in proper sleep, sensible eating habits and workouts. I play soccer and cricket too which keep me in shape.\"Contrary to popular misconception Karan didn't move to Mumbai to play cricket. He clears the air, \"I have played cricket for Delhi and even wanted to be a cricketer. Acting happened by chance. However, I came to Mumbai to sign my debut TV show and not play cricket.\"Karan used to enjoy playing drums during school days. He says, \"I wasn't a professional drummer. I haven't sat on a drum set for eight years. I learnt guitar to impress people. I play all Shah Rukh Khan's romantic songs. I have broken seven guitars so far. On my last birthday, I gifted myself a guitar. But I strummed some notes for just three days.\"Telly star Priyanka Bassi who's best remembered for her small screen turn in Left Right Left, has often been romantically linked with Karan. He clarifies, \"Priyanka and I've known each other since sixth standard. She was my senior in school and we were even neighbours in Delhi. We travelled in the same flight to Mumbai for the first time. We are comfortable with each other, so people think we are dating.\" Karan confirms that he has always been single. \"I am bad boyfriend material. I can only be good as a friend. I can't handle women asking me twenty questions about myself. I need some space in my relationship. But, now that I am growing older, may be I'll try to date someone,\" he laughs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11456649", "title": "Bars may have you down more pegs", "text": "Don't be surprised if a pushy waiter at a restaurant or lounge bar eggs you on to down one more peg of whisky just so they can meet a sales target.Well, that's an option bar managements can exercise if they have to fall in line with the excise department's new notice asking them to finish 52 cases or 468 litres of liquor by the end of a month. The department has slapped fines ranging from Rs 11 lakh to Rs 16 lakh on 38 bar licensees for not buying \"enough liquor\".The provision in law pulled out of cold storage pertains to Rule 14 sub rule (2) of the Karnataka Excise (Sale of Indian and foreign liquors) Rules 1968 which says licence-holders must buy a minimum of 52 cases or 468 litres of liquor from the vendor (the government). If they don't they are liable to a fine of Rs 100 for every litre of liquor they did not buy and stock. Many of the high-end restaurants that serve a small quantity of liquor at high rates and often as a complementary component of the meal package, say they can't match the prescription. \"People don't come here for binge drinking. They take a peg or two along with their food and they will be charged more than usual as well.So the department can't expect us to sell as much liquor as at a wine shop,\" says Santosh Koshy of Koshy's bar and restaurant. Licensees see themselves in a Catch-22 situation. If they buy 54 cases as per the rule, they may not be able to sell so much. If they don't pick up they'll have to cough up a fine.The rule is hardly a sobering thought in a city that's known for guzzling beer and wine. \"We have the highest demand for beer in the city and beer doesn't fall under the category of hard liquor. While we are struggling to sell 100 litres of hard liquor, we could easily sell more than 5,000 litres of beer,\" says Ashish Kothare, owner of Le Rock, a pub. Some others see the move as a departure from the government's initiative of promoting wine culture. \"We have been seeing this increased demand for wine, which otherwise was a seasonal drink. It only suggests that the demand for hard liquor is going down. In such a situation, the government should amend old laws... If it doesn't, we have two options: one to shut shop or encourage our customers to binge-drink,\" says Ashok Sadhwani, who owns Couch Lounge Bar.The official who sent the order admits it is outdated. Mohan Kumar LN, deputy commissioner of excise department, says: \"We have not used this provision in a long time and this figure of 54 cases had been fixed many years ago... We are forced to penalize them because of pressure from our audit department. Officers including me have submitted a demand for amendment, but there has been no response from senior officials yet.\"WHAT THE RULE SAYSOwners of bar, retails shops and restaurants selling hard liquor must \"lift\" the prescribed minimum quantity of 52 cases or 468 bulk litres. If they don't they are liable to a penalty of Rs 100 for every bulk litre not lifted. If he defaults for two consecutive months, his licence may be cancelled.WHAT BAR/RESTAURANT OWNERS SAYIt's impossible to ensure sale of this quantity because Bangalore is primarily a \"Wine and beer city\". Besides, the government has been promoting wine culture. Selling even 100 litres of hard liquor would be difficult in many place.WHAT'S WRONG?The rule is clearly out of sync with the new culture of pubs and lounge bars. It's impossible to ensure sale of this quantity because Bangalore is primarily a \"Wine and beer city\". Besides, many restaurants are predominantly dining places where people may choose to have a peg of hard liquor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11456671", "title": "HIV 10 times more prevalent among migrants than general population", "text": "NEW DELHI: Migration is fuelling India's HIV epidemic. National AIDS Control Organisation's latest figures show that besides high risk populations like sex workers, the highest burden of HIV is among migrants - 3.6%, which is 10 times the HIV prevalence among the general population.With migration rates increasing, the prevalence will only get worse. According to the 2001 census, 30.1% of the population was considered to have migrated (314 million) - a considerable increase from 27.4% in 1991. NACO has, therefore, identified 108 railway stations - which are both source and destination of migrants travelling in search of work. These are now the focus of the country's anti-HIV fight.Red Ribbon Express (RRE), which chugs out of Delhi on Thursday, will stop at most of these 108 identified stations to test migrants for HIV besides carrying out counselling and spreading anti-HIV messages. During it's year-long journey, RRE will traverse through 23 states, cover 30,000 km and stop at 162 stations.Speaking to TOI, a NACO official said, \"Migrants are one of the major focus areas this time with the RRE. Last year, RRE stopped at 152 stations and reached out to 8 million people directly. This time, around 30-40 stops will be to mainly address migrants.\"NACO has identified 122 districts with high out-migration across 11 states which are on priority for starting up community level interventions. Another 75 important transit locations have been identified across these 122 districts from where these migrants usually board long distance trains/buses to reach their destinations.Studies on the relationship between migration and HIV conducted by NACO in three popular migration corridors - Ganjam-Surat, Darbhanga-Delhi and Azamgarh-Mumbai - threw up shocking findings. It showed that two to four times more number of informal workers had non-regular partners or visited sex workers with only 25% using condoms. Around 5% male migrants and 13% female migrants reported sexually transmitted infections, nearly double the national average.According to NACO, the risk of HIV infection for migrants seems to arise from a multitude of factors -- risky behaviour, lack of social and economic security and involvement in peer driven risk taking activities.In a recent study by UNDP (through Population Council), the risk of HIV among migrants was reported to be 1.68 times more likely than non-migrants. Majority of migrants are also often poorly educated, with majority reporting less than five years of formal education. This contributes to limited knowledge of HIV transmission.A study conducted in 30 villages in the northern parts of Karnataka revealed that 40% of single men and 35% of married migrant men had non-marital sexual relationships in the last 12 months.For a long time, India has lived with the belief that migrants are at risk only at destination sites when they are away from home and their spouse. However, recent evidence proves otherwise. Returned migrants continue to fuel the epidemic since most infected migrants tend to return to source when they are sick.A study of married men found returned migrants were 3.86 times as likely to be HIV positive as compared to active married migrant men. Among men reporting sex with a non-spousal unpaid female sex partner in the past year, only 19% of men reported consistent condom use. This impacts the women and spouses of informal workers/migrants at the source, making them vulnerable to infections from their husband.RRE has been recognized as the world's largest mass mobilization drive on HIV. Last year, around 80 lakh people were reached through the train and outreach activities.Around 81,000 district resource persons were trained, 36,000 people got themselves tested for HIV and 28,000 people received general health check-up services.Impact assessment of RRE indicated that the comprehensive knowledge of routes of HIV transmission, methods of prevention, condom use, STI prevention and treatment was significantly higher among respondents exposed to the RRE project compared to those not exposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "fatehabad", "code": "11459191", "title": "Missing young couple found dead", "text": "FATEHABAD: Mystery shrouds the death of a young couple, gone missing for the past two days, who were found on Wednesday morning near Hodal village of the district. Amid suspicions of honor killing, police have sent the bodies for postmortem examination.Investigations suggested that Malka Singh and Amandeep Kaur of the village had died of poisoning. Since families of the deceased were against the relationship due to Bhaichara norms, police are trying to ascertain if they were poisoned or consumed poison on their own, sources said.Malka, 21, and Amandeep, 12, were reportedly having an affair for the past couple of years. Since their families had opposed the relationship, the two had fled the village in November last year. Following this, seeking registration of an abduction case against Malka, Amandeep's parents had lodged a complaint against Malka at Fatehabad police station. But the girl returned and her family fixed her marriage elsewhere, hence the couple was apparently forced to take the step, police sources said.On Wednesday morning, their bodies were found near the banks of Ghaggar river. Passersby reported the matter to police, who informed the village panchayat and took bodies into custody.Meanwhile, Jagdish Chander, DSP, headquarters, and policemen rushed to the spot. \"As of now, we have sent the bodies for postmortem examinations and viscera samples shall be sent to forensic laboratory and PGIMS, Rohtak to ascertain whether the couple consumed poison on their own or was poisoned. Except for the statement given by the victim's uncle, who accused Malka's involvement with the girl, we have not received any complaint so far,'' inspector Mukesh, investigating officer, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11461355", "title": "Warden held for peddling drugs in jail", "text": "NASHIK: A jail warden of the Nashik Central Jail was remanded in police custody on charges of peddling drugs in the prison. Police said Subhash Sable had been suspended in the past on similar charges. On Monday, jail officer Yusuf Sultan Shaikh had lodged a complaint against Sable and two inmates--Datta Gaikwad and Nasir Fadirkhan. The charge was for possession of ganja inside the jail. Police said prison staff had found a packet of ganja on Datta Gaikwad.On interrogation, he said it was provided to him and Nasir Fadirkhan by Sable. After Shaik lodged the complaint, the Nashik Road police arrested Sable and he was remanded in police custody until Thursday.The two inmates could not be arrested as they are already serving in the jail and police need special permission from the court to arrest them.\"Sable had been suspended from the service for a period of five to six years for an earlier offence. However, this time he is not willing to confess. We have therefore decid ed to seek an extension of his police remand,\" senior inspector Dhanraj Dayma said.Police said they found 14 gram of ganja in four packets on Datta Gaikwad. Sable has been arrested under Section 27 of Narcotics, Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act (NDPSA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11456830", "title": "HC reserves verdict on SM Krishna\u2019s petition", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court has reserved its verdict on the criminal petition filed by external affairs minister SM Krishna.Justice N Ananda on Wednesday reserved the verdict after hearing all parties concerned for 10 hours in the past two days. The judge also extended the stay granted in Krishna's favour until further orders.Krishna had challenged the special Lokayukta court's December 3 order directing Lokayukta police to investigate the private complaint lodged by TJ Abraham. Abraham alleged that Krishna, during his tenure as Karnataka chief minister, had de-reserved forest lands to help mining companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11456972", "title": "Diverse performances to regale music lovers at JLF", "text": "JAIPUR: The countdown for the Jaipur Literature Festival 2012 has begun and the excitement is already building up. If literary sessions at the JLF are set to intellectually stimulate book lovers, the musical performances in the evening are sure to regale the visitors.After a successful television stint, the Coke Studio-India is set to bring several internationally-renowned artistes to perform at the festival, said sources.Sabri Brothers, famous qawwals from across the border, will be performing live for the audience on January 21. \"In our earlier editions too, we have had musicians from Pakistan performing at the festival. Coke Studio- India started recently, and their work is fantastic. We thought why not have them at the festival,\" said Sanjoy K Roy, producer, JLF.The Sabri Brothers-Aftab, Hashim- have performed in India on earlier occasions too. The duo has toured extensively and also performed at New York's Carnegie Hall in 1975.The evening also promises electrifying performance by popular Assamese singer Papon, who's lent his voice for tracks in movies such as 'Dum maaro dum' and 'I am Kalam'. The singer is also a member of the 'East India Company' band, known for blending folk with contemporary beats.Music lovers will also get to rock with Sanjeev Thomas, who has pioneered original rock acts 'Buddhas Babies' and 'Buddha Blown'. His band 'Rainbow Bridge Band' is successfully attempting to redefine the music scene in India by addressing contemporary issues through songs. Thomas has also been the lead guitarist for Oscar winner A R Rahman on several of his projects and collaborations.Giving him company will be Pankhi Dutta, a MBBS gold medalist who finally settled for a career in music, and Saurav Mandal, 'Baul' singer from Bangladesh.Though the programme originated in Brazil as Estudio Coca-Cola, it follows the closed studio format of the Pakistani version Coke Studio (Pakistan) rather than a concert style of the original Brazilian version of the programme. Coca-Cola has started their flagship music program in India from June 17, 2011. Coke Studio comes to India after the show completed three successful seasons in Pakistan and is in its fourth season there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11461350", "title": "Jewels worth 1.6 lakh stolen in city", "text": "NASHIK: In three separate incidents, gold ornaments worth Rs 1.6 lakh were robbed in the city over the past two days, police said.Police said on Tuesday that robbers decamped with Rs 96,000 worth of gold and silver ornaments belonging to Mrunal Rajgopal Desale at Savarkar Nagar.They said the thieves broke open her house, picked the lockers and decamped with the loot. A complaint was lodged at the Gangapur police station.In another incident at Adgaon, unidentified persons looted gold ornaments and cash worth Rs 58,829 from Bhushan Laxmikant Chauk's house. The modus operandi was the same.They broke open the house with duplicate keys and robbed Chauk. Adgaon police have registered a case against unidentified persons.In the third incident, gold ornaments and a cylinder worth Rs 9,000 belonging to Sharad Pandharinath Bhujbal were stolen from his house at Phule Nagar. The complaint was registered on Monday with Panchavati Police Station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11455086", "title": "BJP renames MCD meeting halls", "text": "NEW DELHI: With elections nearing, BJP-led Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) is determined to leave its mark, quite literally. After naming and renaming roads, parks and community halls, the BJP has set its eyes on meeting halls in the MCD civic centre, which are to be named after political leaders.BJP leader L K Advani , who was present during the naming of the three meeting halls on Wednesday, said, \"Those in the corporation function at grass-roots level and shoulder the maximum responsibility of serving citizens compared to an MLA or a MP. They must think about their image; serving the citizens with commitment and integrity should be the guiding force.\" Only one Congress councillor turned up for the naming, while the rest boycotted the ceremony. \"Why do we need to name meeting halls? This is an attempt to gain political mileage,\" said a Congress councillor.Incidentally, the meeting halls were inaugurated by LG Tejendra Khanna in October last year. The BJP has decided to name one of the halls after freedom fighter and Delhi's first mayor Aruna Asaf Ali. The standing committee meeting hall will be named after former standing committee chairman and BJP leader Satya Narayan Bansal, while the meeting hall on the first floor, which is used by other committees for meeting, will be named after Hans Raj Gupta, the seventh mayor of Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11460265", "title": "Shikha: Reality bites", "text": "Shikha is excited about her role in A M R Ramesh's Vanayudham.She says, \"I play the role of Chandini, who is Gurunath's (Veerappan's trusted aide) love interest in the film. She is a very strong-willed woman and I've a lot of scope to perform. Chandini's now happily married to a police official. I've no clue how she will react to the film. I just hope I don't cause her any hurt!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11456935", "title": "Listen. It\u2019s the golden word", "text": "Today's children live in comfort, they often get what they demand,they understand the power of money and knowledge. What most lack is a set of parents who invest time in understanding them and developing strong bonds.BOND WITH THEM Counsellors treating children and parents are unanimous on this count: bond with the kids. They also point to a falling intelligence quotient among children and a sadness among them, which could well be taken care of if parents rejuggle their priorities in life and understand their children \"Once parents start understanding that their child is facing difficulties in day-to-day life, it becomes easier to solve problems.For this, they need to spend quality time with children. It does not mean taking the child for dancing or drawing class. It means you give them enough time and listen to them carefully. It is very important for parents to go deep into the child's mind and explore it,\" said-Meera Ravi, child counsellor.THEY OBSERVE YOU Meera, who runs Prerna Academy at K R Road, advises: \"Parents should bond with children at the personal level. They must involve children in their daily routine. Communication does not mean talking to them about the agenda on your mind, but listening to their problems.\"Children learn most of their lessons by observing their parents. \"If parents develop an authentic relationship with the children, they will learn positive things - children gather 93% of knowledge from a parent's body language.\"JUST PRIORITISE Swarnalatha Iyer, a parent-child counsellor says: \"The first and most important thing for every parent to accept is that the child has some problem, and also understands it. If parents take on this responsibility, they don't need to go to a psychiatrist or counsellor.\" Swarnalatha has a tip for parents: involve children in indoor activities rather than allow them to watch cartoons, as some serials only spread violence in a child's mind. For working women who have little time for children, Swarnalatha advises: \"They need to decide their priorities. Is it important to buy a swanky car and a big house? Or do they need to give time to their child? I have come across many women who feel guilty about not giving enough time to their children and feel hurt when the child listens to the ayah instead of them. I advise them to introspect.\" After all, childhood goes by in a flash.LET THEM EXPRESS K John Vijay Sagar, associate professor, department of child and adolescent psychology, Nimhans, says: \"Children need to be encouraged to identify and express their feelings, and parents need to understand these feelings and emotions. If they are involved in activities that help them learn self-control, face challenges, handle negative feelings early in life, many problems can be solved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "11456875", "title": "Powerless Jammu and Kashmir\u2019s winter of discontent", "text": "SRINAGAR: It has been a dark New Year in Kashmir. People were transported back in time - almost a 100 years. Thousands of people dispensed with a bath; lakhs of children experienced life without TV and computers. The conversation was often about where to get kerosene to run generators. Many were fishing around in trunks for old pherans and buying kangris in the time of central heating.The reasons for this journey back in time was that the main power lines bringing power to the Valley across Banihal had snapped due to heavy snowfall.\"From the usual 800MW, I have some 70MW to dispense. The situation is difficult,\" CM Omar Abdullah had said.As the protests against lack of electricity built up across the state, many in the government privately blamed opposition groups for fanning the resentment. Why would a group of protesters head for a power generation plant instead of their local administration or electricity department? Because, for the past one year, it's the ruling National Conference that has been raising the issue of how the NHPC is \"looting\" Kashmir's natural resources -- by implication, the Centre.Despite the Centre and NHPC repeatedly denying any move to transfer back these power projects to the state, not a week passed in 2010 when Omar or his ministers didn't announce either the imminent \"buy back\" of these projects or lament the \"loot of Kashmir's water\".Lapped up by the separatists, this is now the accepted truth for almost all Kashmiris. . So the six-hour power cut is just another example of New Delhi's exploitative policies.The reality, however, is more complex. The electricity board has one of the worst transmission and distribution loss ratios . Officials gave statistics to show how theft and unpaid bills were ruining their efforts to modernise infrastructure or buy more electricity from the northern grid, only to be rubbished by the government .\"The people who pay bills aren't the only ones who vote,\" said a cabinet minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11456359", "title": "Babush ups the ante for Congress ticket in St Cruz", "text": "PANAJI: While the Congress is yet to finalize its candidate for the St Cruz constituency, education minister and Congress Taleigao MLA Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate, upping the ante for the ticket, said his campaign office near the Syndicate Bank in Merces will start functioning in the next four days.Monserrate, who visited the constituency along with his supporters and opened the shutter of a shop near the Merces market, a symbolic gesture to his statement, told TOI, \"There is still doubt in the minds of St Cruz's residents on whether I am contesting. With this (office) I am sending a clear signal that I am contesting in St Cruz.\"He said he \"is confident\" the Congress will consider his candidature for St Cruz and his wife Jennifer for the Taleigao ticket.Following interactions with locals, he added, \"I have received positive response from the people. There is a mood to bring in change in the constituency.\"Four-time legislator and sitting St Cruz Congress MLA Victoria Fernandes, reacting to Monserrate's move, said she was \"expecting this\".Supporters of the septuagenarian MLA, also known as 'Mummy', told TOI that they are \"sure\" the education minister is not going to contest against Fernandes himself. Recalling his behaviour in the 2007 assembly elections, they expect Monserrate to field Jennifer again at the last minute.Fernandes, in turn, told TOI, \"If Babush has guts he should stand in St Cruz and not send his wife.\"She said she is confident of a Congress ticket. \"I will get the ticket because I am the sitting MLA. If Congress wants to give tickets to clean candidates then who else is better than me in St Cruz?\" she asked.Monserrate, on the other hand, stressed, \"Last time I made a mistake by quitting the Congress. This time I have decided not to quit the Congress under any circumstance.\"Fernandes's son Rudolf, also the Congress St Cruz block president, said Monserrate is trying to come to the constituency \"because there's not much left for development in Taleigao constituency\". He alleged Monserrate has given up his earlier move to contest in Panaji \"because he has realized there are no hills and fields or any land there for him to exploit\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11455827", "title": "Goods worth lakhs burnt in godown fire", "text": "KANPUR: A saddlery manufacturing factory-cum-godown in Fazalganj industrial area caught fire on Wednesday morning. The fire had enveloped the first floor of the building. The incident occurred at around 6.45 am. Four fire tenders each from Meerpur and Fazalganj fire stations and one from Latouche Road fire station were pressed into service to douse the flames.Sensing the gravity of the incident, fire station officers from Meerpur Cantt, Latouche Road and Fazalganj rushed to the spot. The fire officers said that the incident occurred probably due to the snapping of electricity wires. As soon as the first floor caught fire, panic spread all around and those inside the factory ran for cover.Shiv Darash, fire station officer, Meerpur Cantt, said that it was around 9.30 am that the fire could be completely doused.He added that the first floor of the factory-cum-godown had saddlery worth several lakh rupees stocked inside it. The whole stuff got reduced to ashes in the fire.Short Circuit Suspected Reason For MishapShiv Darash, fire station officer, Meerpur Cantt, said that it was around 9.30 am that the fire could be doused. However, the saddlery was burnt to ashes in the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11457266", "title": "Remove Fateh Bahadur immediately: Opposition to EC", "text": "LUCKNOW: Opposition parties, on Wednesday, claimed that Kunwar Fateh Bahadur, who was shunted out by the Election Commission (EC) from the post of principal secretary home, has been made principal secretary to the chief minister. The opposition asked the EC to shift Bahadur immediately.On January 7, Bahadur was shifted by the EC from the post of principal secretary home following complaints accusing him of working as an agent of the ruling BSP.BJP spokesman Vijay Bahadur Pathak said the EC should take immediate cognizance of his appointment and remove him from the post. \"The party has been repeatedly demanding that officers, working at the behest of the government and as agents of the ruling BSP, should be shifted from sensitive places,\" he said.On Wednesday, opposition claimed that Bahadur has been made Mayawati's principal secretary. The opposition parties also raised doubts over fairness of the assembly election in the state.\"What was the point in removing him from the post of the principal secretary home when he has been given a more sensitive posting. It is a mockery of the entire system,\" SP spokesman Rajendar Chaudhary said. A memorandum would be submitted to the Election Commission in this regard, he said.Congress spokesman Akhilesh Pratap Singh said though it was the prerogative of the CM to appoint any officer in her office, the EC should ensure that he did not interfere in the poll-related work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11459332", "title": "From real to reel", "text": "It's real-meets-reel for Shiboprosad Mukhopadhyay and Nandita Roy. The genesis of their next, \"Muktodhara\", can be traced to a low-key show by prison inmates in Santiniketan. \"There I saw \"Balmiki Pratibha\", which was enough to give one a lowdown on their talent. I thought why not make a film on this subject, which will make the society sit back and take note of their potential, instead of looking down upon them,\" said Shiboprosad.In fact, it was at this show that the director duo spotted their pro tagonist - Nigel Akkara. \"He was playing the title role in \"Balmiki Pratibha\" and it took us a moment to decide on the film's lead. To me, he will always remain a performer.\"The film revolves around Niharika ( Rituparna Sengupta ). She chances upon the new IG of Correctional Services, West Bengal, who has a few interesting ideas up his sleeve to reform criminals. Aware of Niharika's talent, he asks her to stage \"Balmiki Pratibha\" with inmates of the correctional cell. Niharika's main advisory in prison is Yusuf Mohammad Khan (Nigel Akkara), convicted for manslaughter.Will Niharika will be able to stage the play with the help of Yusuf and be able to break the walls in the minds of the prisoners. That's what the film is all about. \"Four walls don't make a prison. The film is meant to break the mental and physical boundaries,\" said the director. So, how has it been working with Nigel? \"He is a dedicated actor. I would call him a director's actor. To get into character, he hit the gym and worked out for seven long months and even attended acting workshops. The jail authorities have also helped us immensely. In fact, we will be recording a song with jail inmates soon,\" said Shiboprosad.Heaping praise on leading lady Rituparna, the director added, \"Ritu has helped Nigel get under the skin of his character. They shared a great camaraderie and both Ritu and Nigel were willing to deliver their best.\"Nigel, on his part, said, \"It is my first film and I am enjoying every minute of the shoot. The team has been extremely supportive. And I like the concept of the film, which deals with prisoners' talent.\" On being prodded whether his real life experience has helped him get into character, Nigel added, \"Real life has nothing to do with a film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11456137", "title": "Nod to underground power cables at New Market", "text": "BHOPAL: The mayor-in-council on Wednesday gave its nod to the proposal to lay underground electric cables from the stretch between Roshanpura to Apex Bank in New Market area. The council also cleared the proposal of 6% dearness allowance to the Bhopal Municipal Corporation employees.The BMC employees would get DA similar to state government employees, a BMC spokesman said. Overall, the MiC cleared nine proposals. The Rs 90.62 crore proposal on water supply pipelines under ADB in various zones, including 6, 11, 12 and 13 was also given nod in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11456188", "title": "Actor Abhay Deol joins protest against coal mining in Singrauli", "text": "BHOPAL: Bollywood actor Abhay Deol joined a Greenpeace campaign against deforestation for coal mining at Mahan in Singrauli district on Wednesday. It is part of a campaign to pressure the government to stop deforestation.The campaigners' flew a hot air balloon over the Mahan forests. The caption read 'Forests not Coal'.Deol said, \"People's lives and livelihood are at stake and their ouster takes away their only source of living.\"According to Greenpeace, the union coal ministry has been asking for additional forest land to increase coal production in central India, to cover for a shortfall in energy generation. Coal companies, including government owned Coal India Limited, have access to over 200,000 hectares of coal bearing land, including 55,000 hectares of forest area, as per campaigners who have collected over 1.21 lakh signatures for a petition to stop coal mining in our forests.\"Precious forest will be lost to serve the greed of a few. This is what has inspired me to take up the issue. We have to make people aware that these forests need to be protected and urge the people to act now,\" said Deol.Greenpeace demands a moratorium on all new coal mining activity in forest areas till the government sets criteria for 'inviolate' forests (those closed to mining) through a transparent consultative process.The campaigners argue that renewable-energy can power our future as it will be cheaper and a healthier alternative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11456133", "title": "Man dupes business partner, vanishes with Rs 3.5 lakh", "text": "BHOPAL: A Haryana-based businessman was duped by his partner to the tune of Rs 3.5 lakh which he borrowed from a retired IAS officer here.Police said the complainant and accused deals in computers and had come to finalize a business deal in the city.The complainant, Raj Kumar, 32, a resident of Palwal in Haryana, had come to Bhopal with one Waqar Ahmed recently. They stayed at a hotel in Zone I, MP Nagar.Police said the duo were in need of around Rs 3.5 lakh which Raj Kumar borrowed from a retired IAS officer, MA Khan, who was his old acquaintance, police said.As per the complainant's version to police, driver of the retired IAS official had come to hand over the cash to Raj Kumar. However, the complainant left the money with Waqar and went to meet the official along with the driver who had come to deliver the money.In the meantime, Waqar went missing from the hotel room with the cash. The incident came to the light when Raj Kumar returned hotel and found Waqar missing. He informed the police when he was not able to locate him and he also did not take his call on mobile.A case under section 406 of the IPC (breach of trust) was registered in MP Nagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11460339", "title": "The spirit of rock \u2018n\u2019 roll", "text": "City band Grey Shack's latest single is a tribute to Hunter S ThompsonIt's interesting to note that Grey Shack hasn't really been around too long. But for this citybased rock 'n' roll band that was formed in 2007, the journey has been quite a fun ride. After having played on some pretty impressive and prestigious stages, Grey Shack had been on a hiatus save an occasional gig.Now, all set with a new line-up and armed with some good music including their latest single Gonzo..., the band is slated to open the global music festival this week. Though Grey Shack, which now comprises Vikram Vivekanand, Rohan Sen, Madhav Ravindranath and Vinay Ramakrishnan, was formed primarily to play in the competition circuit when members of their first line-up were in college, they feel that this comeback of sorts is to break out of the competition mould and make their presence felt on the live music circuit.On their latest track Gonzo... that was released this week, Vikram says, \"The whole idea behind actually taking the time to record and release this track is because, for those who haven't heard us before, this song would be the perfect introduction. The song will give you an idea of who we are and what we play before they see us on stage.\" Madhav, the new addition on bass, agrees, \"Simply put, if you want to get into Grey Shack's music, then this is the best way to start off with\". Inspired by the madness that Hunter S Thompson is, the song is based on his experiences in what would later become the cult book and film Fear And Loathing In Las Vegas: A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream.\"Gonzo... is a song that our previous bass player Tomojit Basu wrote. It's inspired by the character of Dr Gonzo from Hunter Thompson's book. So basically, it's a song about sex, drugs and rock n' roll - as raw as it possibly can be. It comes in with that big kick. It's literally like riding a high. You start off, you explode, and then you mellow down before you take the second hit. The song too is something like that. Well, we decided to put it out and it's got a catchy chorus,\" Rohan explains.It's always an experience watching musicians get together - lost in their own world of pitch and tune amidst an occasional crack and jab at each other before they begin. And watching Grey Shack play, you know that these guys love what they do when you notice the nod of approval where an experimental run by Vikram goes right or when Rohan improvises on a throaty interlude And you'll also know for sure that music made when the guys are having fun is as honest as rock n' roll comes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11458939", "title": "SPOs to get jobs in AISF", "text": "GUWAHATI: After a sustained agitation programme by special police officers (SPOs) demanding regularization of their jobs, the state government on Monday agreed to concede to their demands. Dispur assured that trained SPOs would soon be given new designations and absorbed in the Assam Industrial Security Force (AISF).Since December 30, 900 SPOs of the state have organized an array of protest demonstrations on a relay basis here asking for permanent jobs and ex-gratia for the families of SPOs who lost their lives while serving the police department.Three SPOs - Lolit Buragohain, Bisheswar Bora and Munin Buglary - were killed by militants in North Cacher hill district in 2009 and, since then, their families and kin have not received any compensation from the state government.\"The home commissioner, G D Tripathi, has given consent to fulfilling our demands. He assured that victims' families will get compensation to the tune of Rs 3 lakh from the government and another Rs 2 lakh from the police department soon. The department will also run an inquiry as to why the compensation has not been given as yet,\" said Dilip Saikia, secretary of the SPO Welfare Committee, in a press conference on Wednesday.However, Dispur is yet to decide on the other 10 SPOs who died of malaria and other diseases.Saikia added the home commissioner also announced all the SPOs of the state would be absorbed in the AISF within the first half of February. \"AISF has two existing battalions. We don't know whether we will be accommodated in these two or whether there will be an additional battalion. But we are happy that our jobs will be secure now. Many of us have been fired by the state government without any notice and many others have not been getting their payments for a long time,\" he added.In June 2010, 278 SPOs were asked to resign from their jobs without any reason and many of them are now working as daily wagers. \"We were sent to carry out operations against the Dima Halam Daogah-Jewel (DHD-J) group. After the operation was over, 278 SPOs were out of employment. We hope the government keeps up to its word this time,\" said Parag Buragohain, president of the welfare committee.The home commissioner held a discussion with a four-member team of SPOs on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11457111", "title": "Rats nibble on paralysed man at Jodhpur hospital", "text": "JODHPUR: A 70-year-old paralytic patient, admitted in the ICU of a government hospital, was bitten by rats. The incident happened at Jodhpur's Mathura Das Mathur Hospital on Tuesday.Mohammad Iqbal suffered rat bites on his face and ears. Attendants, who were fast asleep, woke up on hearing a glass crash to the floor. \"We saw some rats running around and realised that the patient's lips, nose, eye-lids and ears were cut and bleeding. The ventilator tube, attached to his neck, was also cut,'' said an attendant. They soon alerted the senior staff, who immediately attended to Iqbal.The hospital administration didn't confirm the incident but superintendent Arvind Mathur said on Wednesday that a three-member committee has been formed to probe the matter. \"The report will be submitted by the committee on Thursday and we will know if it is a case of rat-bite. We have taken some temporary steps to keep away the rats,'' he said.Show cause notices have also been served to the nursing superintendent, the staff on duty, the sweeper and cleaning staff. Rodent control team from the Central Arid Zone Research Institute (CAZRI) was also invited to visit the hospital and suggest an action plan to control the rodents in the hospital.Rat-menace isn't new to patients of the government hospitals in Jodhpur. Rats are found everywhere including the operation theatres and the ICU wards. In 2009, a new-born child died after being bitten by a rat in the natal ward of the Umaid Hospital. This led to the suspension of two doctors and a nurse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454539", "title": "Elderly\u2019s body lay in pool of blood for 20 hrs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigations into the murder of the 81-year-old former journalist and music critic for Navbharat Times, Sarojini Bartwal, have revealed that the victim was murdered on Monday afternoon between 11.30am and 3pm. \"In addition to the time of the murder, the postmortem report reveals that she was empty stomach. This also shows that there was almost a 20-hour gap before the murder was discovered,\" said DCP (east) Prabhakar.Sources said Bartwal was last seen by a Delhi Police beat constable around 10.45am, while her maid, Saroj, left at 11.30am. \"We have narrowed down our search to a few suspects, and are inquiring why none of the maids had showed up in the evening. Since the door was ajar, we will ask the security guards if they had noticed something out of the ordinary. The fact that the lights were switched on till the evening could point to the murderer's presence at the victim's house at night,\" said a source.Crime branch sources said a list of probable suspects-numbering 18-has been drawn up. They were at least three helps, along with the maids, who ran errands for the victim. All of them are under the scanner. Police said the victim had recently met cops and expressed her reluctance to move to Indirapuram with her son since she preferred staying on the ground floor. Being particular about her security, she never entertained anyone beyond 6pm or ventured out alone. The fact the murder took place in the morning is an indication of the murderer being an acquaintance and a trusted person.\"We are questioning servants, painters, newspaper delivery boys, security guards and even the milk delivery men,\" said a police officer.An 81-year-old woman-a columnist-cum-music critic of NBT and mother of a political adviser to the British High Commissioner in India-was found murdered inside her residence on Tuesday morning. This is the first murder of a senior citizen this year in the capital and has come as a setback for Delhi Police, more so because she was a registered member of the senior citizen cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11454894", "title": "BJP hails EC stay on 4.5% sub-quota for minorities", "text": "PATNA: The state BJP has hailed the Election Commission's decision to stay the Centre's move to grant 4.5% sub-quota to backward minorities under the 27% OBC quota in educational institutions and government jobs. The party said the UPA government's decision was taken patently for electoral gains in the five states going for assembly polls.Party spokesman Suresh Rungta said the Centre had taken the decision on December 22 last -- just a day before code of conduct for the polls came into effect. It was done particularly with an eye on the 120 assembly seats in Uttar Pradesh where Muslims constitute a sizeable number, which could prove decisive.The EC's decision is a pointer that the UPA government's decision was a political card played by it to placate Muslims. \"This exposes the real face of the Congress which is least concerned with the progress of Muslims,\" Rungta said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11456915", "title": "Kushwaha\u2019s aide in CBI net for NRHM scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: The CBI has detained a BSP legislator in connection with the Rs 2,000 crore National Rural Heath Mission (NRHM) scam from Uttar Pradesh's Deoria.Sources said Ram Prasad Jaiswal's detention on Tuesday night is part of the CBI's efforts to build a watertight case against former Uttar Pradesh family welfare minister Babu Singh Kushwaha, whose induction into the BJP was put on hold recently after a furor over taking the BSP discard facing corruption charges. Jaiswal is allegedly believed to be the main link between Kushwaha and the private companies awarded contracts under the scheme.The agency had earlier raided residences and business premises of leading suppliers of pharmaceuticals and medical equipment in Moradabad - the Jains - who too are believe to be close to Kushwaha and instrumental in the movement of cash in the scam.The investigators are believed to be in possession of material which corroborates Kushwaha's proximity with the Jains and their direct access to some senior BJP leaders. Investigators believe that Kushwaha had used this link to join BJP. The CBI is also planning to question another Kushwaha's aide, BSP MLC Ram Chander Pradhan soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11454716", "title": "Officials told to show up for Bengal Leads", "text": "KOLKATA: Embarrassed by Tuesday's faux pas in which General Motors' Christopher Borroni-Bird was left all by himself in an empty hall for an hour, the Mamata Banerjee government issued an 11th hour notification on Wednesday ordering all IAS officials to fill the galleries of Milan Mela for a 'Bengal Leads' seminar .The government's knee-jerk reaction came too late because many secretaries and nodal officers of departments and directorates excused themselves, saying they had prior engagements.The government took no chances with verbal orders or phone calls. The information technology department issued a formal notification (no 09/SSIT/12) to all additional chief secretaries, principal secretaries and secretaries to be present during a discussion on \"eGovernance - Integrated Citizen Service Delivery\" between 5pm and 6 pm on Wednesday.The order, signed by special secretary Susanta Majumdar, said: \"In this session, eminent speakers from industry, consultancy firms as well as academic experts and central government officials will take part. It is hoped that important issues related to eGovernance will be debated.\"The government also wanted to make sure there were no photo opportunities for prying lensmen, say sources.The Bird goof-up had caused enough embarrassment. Wednesday's newspapers carried pictures of Bird, sitting on the dais, all by himself. Television footage flashed his dejected face as he waited for co-speakers and the audience - mainly government officials - to arrive.Bird, the director, advanced technology concepts of General Motors , had been invited to give a presentation to WBIDC and commerce and industries department officials on a proposed automated vehicle. The presentation was scheduled for 2 pm, but the only person to greet him at the venue was Subroto Banerjee, partner of Frost &amp; Sullivan, principal consultant of General Motors.While Bird reclined on the dais, the last row was occupied by some chaiwallahs taking a break. Apparently, the first participants arrived only at 2.45 pm, and the presentation finally started at 3 pm. A harried industries minister Partha Chatterjee also joined and stayed put till the end but there was yet more embarrassment in store. He couldn't find the bouquet he was supposed to present Bird.It was a very different picture from Day 1, when chief minister Mamata Banerjee had taken the stage and demanded investment projects for Bengal. She had called out to prominent industrialists by name and asked what plans they had for the state.\"We have cleared the decks, now it is time for you to reciprocate,\" she told the business world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11456953", "title": "Traffic paused for six hours by protesting lawyers", "text": "JAIPUR: Normal life was paralyzed throughout the day in the city on Wednesday when thousands of lawyers took to the street in protest against the suicide of a colleague following alleged police atrocity. The city traffic was put on a standstill mode throughout the day when the lawyers block city traffic demanding arrest of the accused responsible for abetting the suicide.Murlidhar Yadav (32), a lawyer practicing at the session's court committed suicide on Wednesday morning following alleged police harassment.Scuffles and spats were witnessed between lawyers and common public when the latter were not allowed to drive their vehicles into the area where the lawyers were blocking the roads.Several commuters including the foreign tourists were stranded since the traffic connecting railway station to the bus stand was blocked by the agitating lawyers.\"What is this going on? Is it some festival out there?\" a couple from Queensland (Austalia) wondered as they were compelled to walk to their hotel located at Bani Park.They even asked a policeman standing at the spot to intervene but police remained a \"mute spectator\" of the happenings around the Khasa Kothi.Most of the people including senior citizens were forced to walk towards the Sindhi camp bus stand from Jaipur railway station.\"They can't be abusing us. It is sheer lawlessness. Every time somebody picks up an issue and puts our life to ransom, which is a wrong practice,\" said Babu Lal Sharma, who was stopped at Khasa Kothi when he was going to meet his pregnant wife at Janana Hospital.However, some lawyers speak up for not disturbing the common man but still justified the pelting of stones on the buses. \"While agitating, we should not disturb the common man. If we have broken the windscreen of a bus, it is however justified since we also pay tax. At the same time, we should also avoid doing things through which we lose respect,\" said a lawyer who was addressing the gathering of lawyers outside the sessions court.Outside the Rajasthan High Court where hundreds of lawyers were demanding the arrest of those responsible for abetting the suicide of their colleague Yadav, no vehicles were not allowed to pass. At some distance senior police officers were standing but could not do anything to let the vehicles pass.Meanwhile, the traffic on the roads including MI Road, Ajmer road, Harischandra Marg was chaotic since all the traffic was diverted through these roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11456729", "title": "Factory worker killed in freak mishap", "text": "BANGALORE: A 30-year-old plastic recycling unit employee was killed when an explosion resulted in an electric saw slipping off his hand and impaling his chest at Kaikondanahalli off Sarjapur Road on Wednesday afternoon.The victim, Niranjan Ramdev Prasad, from Bihar, was working in the factory since 2009. His grandfather Nageshwar Singh also works in the same unit, Surya Traders, located in Radha Reddy Layout. At 12.45pm, Niranjan was cutting a sealed plastic drum filled with industrial waste with a hand-held saw when it exploded. Niranjan lost his balance and fell, while the saw slipped from his hands and landed right on his chest, Nageshwar, who was present in the factory, said.The sparks flying from the whirring blades ignited a fire. Other factory workers doused the blaze using water. Niranjan and Nageshwar lived on the factory premises.Why the explosion?Preliminary investigation revealed that the plastic drum Niranjan was cutting was filled with industrial waste. \"He tried to cut it without removing the sealed cap. The waste was highly inflammable. As a precautionary measure, the worker should have opened the seal to reduce the pressure,\" a police officer said. Cops have sent the remains from the site to the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL). \"We have summoned factory owner Murugan and will initiate legal action based on the FSL report,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "11455564", "title": "Sub-inspector caught while accepting bribe", "text": "TRICHY: A traffic investigation officer dealing with accident cases, sub-inspector S Gopi attached to the Cantonment police station was arrested when he was caught accepting a bribe of Rs 5000 from a person on Wednesday.One Ilias from Gorimedu in Trichy purchased a new two-wheeler in July 2011. His relative, Hussain rode the vehicle on the night of December 28 last at Cantonment and hit against another motorcycle. Upon information, Gopi, special sub-inspector of police, traffic investigation wing (south), Cantonment, Trichy visited the spot and took custody of Ilias' motorcycle.Deputy commissioner Ambikapathy told TOI that Gopi after taking possession of the vehicle ought to have sent it to the motor vehicles inspector, but instead he kept it in his custody unlawfully without any valid reason with a view to demand bribe.In the meanwhile, Gopi directed Ilias to meet him in the police station after a week. Gopi then demanded Rs 5,000 as bribe from him to send the motorcycle for inspection and to get it released, thereafter.Unwilling to pay the bribe, Ilias reported the matter to the vigilance and anti-corruption on Wednesday and a case was registered against him. On the same day, a trap was set up and Gopi was caught red-handed and arrested by Ambikapthy. Gopi was produced in the special court, Trichy and remanded to judicial custody for 15 days. He has been lodged at the Central Prison in Trichy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11455771", "title": "Mitt Romney emerges as frontrunner to challenge Barack Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: Republican faithfuls in New Hampshire endorsed Mitt Romney for the party ticket to challenge President Obama, giving the former Massachusetts governor momentum to clinch the nomination in the coming weeks ahead of half a dozen trailing rivals.Romney comfortably won the New Hampshire primary on Tuesday after barely scraping through (by 8 votes) the Iowa caucus, the first of such state-level party ballots on the road to the presidential ticket.He polled around 38% votes, well ahead of second placed Ron Paul (23%) and former US ambassador to China John Huntsman (18%). Former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum , who came a close and surprise second in Iowa, fell away to fifth place in New Hampshire with 10% votes, about the same as fourth placed former House Speaker Newt Gingrich.\"Tonight we celebrate. Tomorrow we go back to work,\" Romney told exuberant supporters on Wednesday, calling Barack Obama \"a failed president\".Next Stop South CarolinaMitt Romney on Wednesday asked \"the good people of South Carolina to join the good citizens of New Hampshire to make 2012 the year he (president Obama) runs out of time.\"Here's what the Romney win in New Hampshire means: The former Massachusetts governor has the wind behind him but he has not sewn up the nomination. That could happen if he wins the South Carolina primary on January 21, the third of the state party balloting that seals the nomination for any candidates winning all three.As of now, Ron Paul, who placed a strong second here in New Hampshire after third in Iowa, has said he is still in the race. So did John Huntsman, who had skipped Iowa and put all his energies into New Hampshire. 'For that matter, even Newt Gingrich and Rick Perry have said they would pursue the nomination into South Carolina. If any of them upstage Romney in South Carolina, which is the first southern state to hold primaries and therefore favors conservatives, it throws open the nomination race.Romney appears to have the momentum, the energy, the organizational strength and the money to ward of challenges from Gingrich (who hails from Georgia), Rick Perry, and Rick Santorum.He didn't even wait for the final results in New Hampshire to essay a victory speech that portrayed himself as the sole challenger to Obama in November while artfully ignoring his party rivals.However, South Carolina has a way of throwing up surprises because it is not only a more conservative state but faltering rivals also unleash desperate attacks on the front-runner given the state's reputation of offering a winner-take all primary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11456852", "title": "Finance ministry to JPC: 2G note issued after PMO nod", "text": "NEW DELHI: The controversial 2G note that suggested P Chidambaram as finance minister could have nipped the telecom scam was issued with the approval of the Prime Minister's Office, top ministry officials told the Joint Parliamentary Committee on Wednesday.The committee was also told that the word \"perusal\" had replaced \"approval\" in the context of finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's scrutiny of the note in an internal noting just two days before the \"backgrounder\" was readied.At Wednesday's meeting of the committee, opposition members asked why the finance ministry abandoned its case for a revision of 2G licence prices from 2001 rates of Rs 1,600 crore as they sought to establish that this aided jailed ex-telecom minister A Raja.Chidambaram's role as finance minister was the focus of questions posed by BJP's Ravishankar Prasad and CPI's Gurudas Dasgupta with DMK's T Shiva also chipping in as finance secretary R S Gujral and department of economic affairs secretary R Goplan faced a barrage of questions.Congress members did not participate much in the discussion with the usually vocal Manish Tewari keeping his own counsel. DMK's Shiva reportedly wanted to know whether the finance ministry could have acted to stop the 2G licensing process.Sources said opposition members pointed to official jottings by former finance secretary and current RBI governor Subba Rao and other officials insisting on market evaluation of 2G spectrum, cost indexing and even auctions. But there is no direction from Chidambaram on the record before the JPC, they said.Even on November 22, 2007 - the licences were allotted on January 10, 2008 - the finance ministry said it was not clear how price determined as far back as 2001 could be applied in 2007 without \"current evaluation\". The ministry also wanted pricing to be restored to the GoM on telecom's mandate and licence process stayed.On the March 25, 2011 2G note prepared as a \"backgrounder\", the officials said it was initiated by the cabinet secretariat but finally approved by PMO. On the controversial overwriting were the word \"perusal\" seems a handwritten insertion, it was said the original word was \"approval\".This brought into question whether Mukherjee was in the know of the note's contents, but the officials did not offer a direct answer. BJP leader Yashwant Sinha did ask of the implications of the note being \"seen\" by the minister in light of the law ministry view that this was more than \"mere sight\". Trinamool's Kalyan Banerjee said this amounted to ownership.While officials were questioned on the lack of directions from the then finance minister and the \"agreement\" between Chidambaram and Raja on pricing reported to the PM, the 2G note was discussed in term of its contents being not just a factual presentation but also offering conclusions on the then finance minister's role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11457098", "title": "Samajwadi Party plans a Muslim-quota ace", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Muslim quota politics seems to be the flavour of UP poll season. Even as the Election Commission directed the Centre to put on hold the 4.5% sub-quota to minorities it announced recently, the Samajwadi Party think tank is busy finalising the party manifesto that might push the Congress to the wall on the issue of reservation to Muslims.\"It would be something no one would have imagined,\" said a senior SP leader who is also a member of the party's manifesto drafting committee. The committee includes Mulayam Singh Yadav , Ram Gopal Yadav , Mohan Singh, Azam Khan and Akhilesh Yadav . Reports suggest the committee has given its nod to the proposal of offering reservation to Muslims higher than whatever given in any state of the country.Though Mohan Singh was the only senior member of the committee who did not attend the meeting, party leaders said he was unwell. \"He had instead sent a detailed representation comprising his views on various topics on the agenda,\" a senior leader said. Some party leaders, however, said Singh is annoyed after being removed as party's national spokesperson.Apart from Muslim reservation, the SP election manifesto is likely to promise sops like free irrigation, water and cheaper power supply to farmers, additional unemployment allowance to jobless, free medical treatment for all including advance level surgeries and free education. Though the manifesto drafting panel has approved the basic draft, there are some issues where members' views differ.One such issue is the promotion of student politics and union election. The SP has been vocal about the importance of student union election and had given it space in the manifestos issued during previous elections. However, this time around, there is difference of opinion over including it in the manifesto.The manifesto will also highlight the decisions of the party with regards to candidates with criminal cases and promises to offer a crime-free UP. This has been given additional importance as poor crime scene was one of the major issues behind the party's drubbing in 2007 assembly election.Other points in the manifesto include special packages, low-interest and security free loans to artisans, government grant to all madrasas, resources to upgrade the education system in these institutions and free shelter to all economically weaker sections in the rural areas and industrial growth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11455909", "title": "BSP: Writ did not qualify as PIL", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Wednesday dismissed a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by a city lawyer against the January 7 order of the Election Commission asking the UP government to cover all the statues of elephants installed in the state capital, Noida and other places by January 11.Dhiraj Pratap Singh had filed a PIL in the HC on Monday challenging the CEC order whereby he had directed covering the statues of elephants in the state. The BSP had filed an intervenor application through its Allahabad district president.The CEC was of the view that though he had only received complaints about statues of the CM and her party's symbol giving BSP and undue advantage, the EC would ensure that statues of political figures affiliated to all political parties were covered.The bulk of statues in Lucknow, Noida and other cities will remain covered till the seven-phase polls - from February 8 to February 28 - are over.The petitioner had taken the plea that under Article 25 of the Constitution, every person has been given the freedom to profess and practice religion of his choice. Since the elephant represents Lord Ganesha, the religious rights of a particular community had been violated by the CEC order.Also, the raised trunk of an elephant represents \"prosperity\" and if lowered, it becomes a symbol of \"holiness\" as per Hindu religious beliefs. \"Thus, the order of the CEC is not only arbitrary but also unconstitutional,\" it was pleaded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11460839", "title": "Cabinet committee clears National Counter Terrorism Centre proposal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The central government's Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) on Thursday cleared the proposal to set up National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC).The NCTC, proposed in the wake of 26/11 Mumbai terror attack, will work under union home ministry. A senior IPS officer of the rank of additional Director General of Police (ADGP) and above (mainly from Intelligence Bureau's AD or SD) will head this elite counter-terror body.The proposal to set up the NCTC had been pending for long as different ministries like defence and finance had expressed some reservation over its proposed power and function.Sources said that though it would take time set up the entire paraphernalia of the NCTC, government will notify it soon and appoint its director. Since the MAC will be subsumed into it, the sleuths working in this wing of the IB will form the core of the NCTC, to begin with. Later, a number of officers-drawn from intelligence and security agencies and state police will join the NCTC on deputation.Multi Agency Centre (MAC) of the Intelligence Bureau that has been dealing with terror related inputs will be subsumed into the newly set up NCTC. This body will be the fourth major anti-terror set up after National Investigation Agency (NIA), National Intelligence Grid (NATGRID) and National Security Guard (NSG) hubs.NATGRID, approved by the union cabinet in June last year to have a data bank of nearly 20 types of database like travel record, immigration details, income tax record etc., will work separately. It will provide all kinds of desired inputs to the NCTC.The NCTC will coordinate with all existing intelligence and security agencies and get terror related inputs from them. After collating these inputs, it will work with states and other agencies to even neutralize terror modules. Its job will not end with just sharing intelligence inputs. It will be the NCTC's responsibility to see whether such inputs are used effectively for its logical end.NIA - the main central agency to investigate terror related cases- will work independently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11456434", "title": "Day after UGDP-GVP alliance, differences come to the fore", "text": "MARGAO: A day after the United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP) and the Goa Vikas Party (GVP) announced their alliance, signs of tension in the already fragile bond were visible on Wednesday when UGDP vice-president Radharao Gracias took exception to GVP's claim over certain seats, including Cortalim.Addressing mediapersons on Wednesday, Gracias said that a decision regarding seat allotments has been arrived at only in respect of seats in Salcete, and stressed that the UGDP will contest in all such constituencies where it has a better chance of winning. \"The seats in other areas are still open and the UGDP will strive its best to avoid splitting of votes between regional forces,\" Gracias said.GVP supremo Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco had stated at the joint press conference of the UGDP-GVP on Tuesday that the UGDP will contest three seats, leaving the rest to the GVP and other regional outfits and this statement was contested by the UGDP.Gracias gave enough hints to suggest that if the disagreements between the two parties over seat sharing come to a head, the UGDP may even opt out of the alliance. \"The UGDP as a political party that has been fighting for Goa over a long period and asserts its rights to field candidates all over Goa and no one should take the party lightly. The UGDP is quite capable of fighting elections on its own in case the other regional parties put up unreasonable demands,\" Gracias cautioned.Stating that the UGDP has strong contenders in many constituencies-including Calangute, Saligao, Mapusa, Porvorim, Aldona, Taleigao, Santa Cruz, Cumbarjua, Vasco, Cortalim, Quepem, Curchorem, Canacona, Fatorda and Margao-Gracias said that the \"the UGDP will consider any proposal from the GVP in these constituencies and in case the GVP stands a better chance, the UGDP will extend all cooperation for fielding a common candidate\".\"In the interest of the alliance, we may sacrifice certain seats in favour of the GVP, and Mickky will have to do likewise. We will try to arrive at a consensus where both parties have candidates. We are going to go to the ultimate and make sacrifices, but not just because they are demanding those seats,\" Gracias stressed. With respect to Margao constituency, Gracias said, \"We prefer to have one candidate by all non-Congress forces.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460203", "title": "Biometric attendance in ashram schools now", "text": "NASHIK: The state government has decided to introduce biometric attendance system in all ashram schools in Maharashtra from the next academic year (from June 2012), according to tribal development minister Babanrao Pachpute. Pachpute was speaking at an inaugural programme for the two-day Adivasi Sahitya Sammelan in Nashik. Around 45 tribal activists who have contributed to the development of tribals were honoured on the occasion.\"The state has decided to introduce biometric attendance system in all ashram schools of the tribal development department in the state from June 2012 to bring in transparency in the attendance records of both students and teachers. This will help us track attendance across Maharashtra,\" said Pachpute.\"Grants will be provided to the schools on the basis of the attendance of students and teachers will get salaries as per their attendance. This new system will help bring under control the irregularities and malpractices in the system,\" he said. He pointed out that the aim was to provide education to every tribal student.\"We are opening around 135 new ashram schools in a year in Maharashtra. The dropout rate, which was around 59% the past one or two years, has come to 6% today, he added. \"We are also planning to open an English medium school in each town and many district-level junior colleges in the state. To provide tribal students the opportunity of studying in cities like Pune, Mumbai, Nashik, Aurangabad and Nagpur, we are planning to set up hostels for the students in the cities,\" he said.He added that since the distance between hostels and schools were more than 2km in some places, girls would be given bicycles to attend school from the next academic year. According to official figures, there are 547 government ashram schools in Maharashtra, including 222 ashram schools in the Nashik division, 123 in the Thane division, 100 in the Amravati division and 162 Ashram Schools in the Nagpur division.There are total 1,87,216 students in 547 schools, including 1,02,732 boys and 84,484 girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11453513", "title": "Folk, carnatic, jazz, rock enthrall", "text": "PUNE: The audience is an eclectic mix of hardcore blues and jazz fans to folk aficionados. If that sounds strange, you might expect stranger things to happen once the evening unfolds. As world music artiste Susheela Raman takes centre stage and walks to the microphone, you are awestruck by this dusky woman who commands your attention. She is accompanied on stage by her partner guitarist Sam Mills .And, then, the sounds of 'Kamakshi' rent the evening air. It engulfs each person present. Raman manages to breathe something new in this everyday hymn taking it to the unknown and beyond. She has a strong individualistic voice that has rare energy which only a true artiste can bring forth.Raman moves on to the 'Same Song' from Mira Nair's 'The Namesake'. She holds the audience captive with her powerful vocals. She follows it up with Muthu Kumar from her upcoming album 'Vel'. For this, she calls on the very talented Kutle Khan. She is full of energy on stage. Singing, dancing, swaying to the music - she is a delight to watch. It is soon the turn of the 'master', as Raman calls him, Nathoo Lal Solanki to come on stage. The entire ensemble is complete now.As she belts out one hit after another, the audience screams for more. The Shaniwarwada ground is full of excitement and people can't seem to get enough of this amazing artiste.Soon, Raman branches into an experimental Tamil number also from her upcoming album 'Vel'. It challenges you to go beyond your musical senses. The audience doesn't disappoint. They are with Raman all the way. Next up is the song 'Paal'. Audience frenzy is already working its way up now.Raman, along with Mills on guitar and two Rajasthani folk artistes - Kutle Khan on vocals and Nathoo Solanki on drums, mesmerises the audience, some of whom are hearing her for the first time.Mitali Shende says, \"When my husband asked me to attend the event, I was quite apprehensive. I had not heard of Raman. But it's been a revelation. I'm glad I came.\"\"Revelation\" is the word that strikes many as they hear Raman. It is no easy task blending Carnatic music with blues, jazz, folk and even rock. But she does it elan and challenges you to break your set notions and prejudices about music, and appreciate a sound that is refreshingly different from anything you've heard before.A special word for her troupe here - needless to say Mills complements Raman beautifully. There are some exceptionally guitaring moments here. Solanki on drums is a class apart. His every beat puts life into you, pulsating through your mind and body. Khan on vocals brings out the richness of the deserts of Rajasthan. If Raman has a powerful voice, Khan matches her every step of the way. It is perfect team work.Raman now has the crowd on its feet. People have lost all inhibition as they dance along with her. Her powerful vocals command the crowd to move. The atmosphere is throbbing. She is indeed a top notch performer, giving of her very best.Engineering student Abhinav Moorty says, \"I came across Raman's music quite by accident. While surfing the web one day, I found a couple of her songs. I listened and I was hooked. She has this wonderful ability to merge different genres. Listening to her is like travelling through different sounds. It really fills you up.\"Lorraine Stone, a foreign national residing in Pune, says, \"For me Raman's music is like nirvana. You lose yourself in it. To hear her is a beautiful experience.\"The effortless ease with which she jumps from one genre to the other leaves you spellbound and hungry for more. 'Sakhi Maaro', a Marwari duet with Khan that talks about Meera Bai's love, just goes to prove her masterful command over the medium of music. Khan, too, mesmerises, and how! The number culminates into a qawwali-like rendition by Khan that is awe-inspiring. The sounds of 'once more' are all around.As the evening progresses, Raman's vocals become more energetic. Her track 'Raise Up' is again another marvel doing full justice to each artiste on stage. It is a powerful song, not only in its words but also the way it is composed and sung.Raman knows that she has built up the tempo and she livens up the mood further with her cover version of Jimi Hendrix's 'Voodoo Chile'. Really, how many artistes up there can even attempt to reinterpret Hendrix, and make a commendable cover at that? Raman, definitely, is way beyond your everyday fusion artiste. The audience is going wild now, and Raman knows the kind of impact she is creating.The Hendrix number is followed by 'Daga Daga' - Raman calls this a 'wild Shiva shakti song' and the crowd's enthusiasm is seen to be believed. And the moment she breaks into 'Ye Mera Deewanapan Hai', the crowd is ecstatic. Quite a few have come to hear her perform this number and Raman wows them with her husky voice.The last song is a blending together of Tamil music and qawwali - an experiment that leaves you stunned and asking for more.It is definitely one musical evening that Puneites are going to hold close to their hearts for a long time to come. Quite a few of the songs were in Tamil, but to the audience that did not matter at all. That is the beauty of fusion - when the audience is happy to be led by the artiste into exploring the unknown.(Marriott Pune Hotel &amp; Convention Centre is the hospitality partner for the Times Pune Festival while Radio Mirchi is the radio partner.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11454777", "title": "Education in Bengal on the guillotine", "text": "KOLKATA: Education scenario in West Bengal is in the news for all the wrong reasons. There was a time when Bengal produced some great names in science, arts and technical fields. The academic atmosphere in Bengal was conducive for intellectual pursuit, scientific quest and original ideas. Unfortunately, this is fast vanishing in the twilight and we are left with stories of migrating talents, political interference, mediocrity regimes, falling standards, dilapidated laboratories and classrooms as well as financial crunch in the education sector. Bengal has gone down in rank among all states in India in terms of the overall literacy rate, gross enrolment ratio, drop-out rates etc.The recent events of recurrence of students confrontation in colleges and universities, often quite disrespectful to even teachers, add insult to injuries. Overall, education in Bengal is suffocating for lack of fresh thinking how to rejuvenate the sagging morale and spirit of the teaching community, students and their worried parents.The centre-point of the recent discussion and debate has veered around the time point from when such a slide had started. Although this is relevant for locating some of the proximate causes for such downslide, one should not be subsumed by the nitty gritty of the archival aspect of this. The essence of the wrongdoing in the recent past may be summed up in two words- loss of transparency in education policies and devaluation of independence in academic world.In the past three decades, the whole process of bagging an academic job and getting promotion through the standard ladder got entangled in procedural deficiencies. Although college and school service commissions were created ostensibly to bridge the 'trust deficit', the selection of experts and the subjective basis of selection of candidates raised more questions than solutions. The selection of experts in the selection committees in different subjects rarely depends on the opinion of well known personalities in the subject. Similarly, it is difficult to understand why the selecting bodies did not evolve a points system on interview where the experts independently give points on the basis of an agreed set of criteria and the chairman finally gives the verdict on the basis of ranks obtained by aggregation of such independent marking. Similarly, it is hard to find any standard criteria to determine placement and transfer of teachers within the school or college system. Such lack of transparency from the very beginning of the academic life of a potential teacher kills his independence status. In many cases talent takes a backseat and seeking patronage from those who matter became the primary goal of a 'would be' teacher.This vitiates the system from the very beginning. Somewhere, the quality of teaching and education were badly hit. Teachers, whose main devotion should be continuous improvement of quality and quantity of subjects taught, may not be the ones commonly seen in college corridors of today's Bengal. Otherwise, why does not one hear visible action by teachers to improve teaching qualities either in terms of upgrading recognizable research output and teaching environment or reduction of teachers' absenteeism in class or phenomenal but unhealthy rise in private tuition? Similarly, why should teachers resist introduction of a feasible students' feedback system since the students are the major beneficiaries of the system?The attitude and respect of students towards their teachers as well as education follow from the devotion which the teachers show within and outside the classrooms. As mentioned, one has reason to suspect the degree of such devotion to teaching of the present teaching community. But this does not anyway justify what is happening in recent periods, where students are not only confronting each other over filing of election papers but directly heckling the teachers-in-charge. Does it show an extreme form of disrespect and hatred toward the teachers because they did not take such care of the students as they should have? This is certainly one part of the story. The other part goes to the rather dangerous practice we have allowed whereby the students wing of political parties directly take part in the election. If one looks at other constituents of a college or university namely teachers and non-teaching staff, none of them directly participates in election as members of a political party in their respective constituencies. They may well be members of political parties, but they have to preach as ordinary members of the body which represents their constituency like teachers association or employees association. Such indirect canvassing certainly is less lethal in terms of spreading animosity among people of different ideologies.Finally, it is easy said than done that political parties must encourage students more towards academic matters rather than general political issues. We have seen excellent politicians coming out of Bengal who left their imprint in academic performance also. The present political parties in Bengal must realize that human capital is formed only in educational sector and not in political arena. The future development of Bengal (and India) depends largely on the quality and quantity of such human capital. They must consciously try to disengage students from anything which prevents such human capital formation. Some tauntingly quotes story of Kalidasa while finding faults in the rival, but let us not turn whole of Bengal into a that story so that we pull the state down to the feet of all others.(The author is Professor and Coordinator, Centre for Advanced Studies, Department of Economics, Jadavpur University)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11455212", "title": "2 Nathupur villagers held for extortion", "text": "GURGAON: A case has been registered against two villagers from Nathupur, who allegedly demanded Rs 5,000 extortion money per month from a marble shopowner.According to the police, marble shopowner Omkar Tripathi, who lives in Lado Sarai, Delhi, and owns a mobile shop in DLF I, Gurgaon, had filed a police complaint that two villagers from Nathupur, identified as Jai Kumar and Kiranpal, were trying to extort Rs 5,000 per month from him for the past many months.\"When he refused to oblige them, the accused threatened to kill him. DLF II police have registered a case against Jai Kumar and Kiranpal under Section 387 IPC and are investigating the case,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11454616", "title": "College proposal to set up solar modules on wetlands", "text": "KOLKATA: The newly inaugurated Arka-IGNOU Community College of Renewable Energy has come up with an innovative proposal that can boost the generation of solar power in the city. The college sent a proposal to the Centre on Monday for installing solar panels on the wetlands of the city, particularly on the waterbodies of east Kolkata wetlands.Chairman of the college, S P Gon Chaudhuri, also adviser to the state government's power department, said they have sent a Rs 56-lakh project proposal. \"For setting up solar power stations, land is required. But there is not much land available in the state compared to others like Gujarat or Rajasthan. With unavailability of enough land, setting up floating type solar modules on the waterbodies could be a very effective tool to generate solar power on a massive scale. There are many such wetlands in both South and North 24-Parganas where such solar panels could be set up for power generation,\" he said. This will be the first-of-its-kind research-oriented solar project. More importantly, there will be no pollution in the wetlands as solar power is completely eco friendly.As a beginning, the authorities would conduct research on some waterbodies in South 24-Parganas. Gon Chaudhuri said similar research on how solar panels could be floated on the wetlands to generate power has been going on in Australia. \"The concept is to set up floating solar photo voltaic power plants on the waterbodies. The panels will generate solar power that will be connected with the grid through marine cables. We will research this entire concept,\" he said.The state has a target to generate about 115 MW solar power by March 2013. Out of this, about 5 MW is expected to be generated through rooftop panels. Gon Chaudhuri said more and more roof-top solar power will be used on a mass scale and consumer-oriented renewable energy products such as solar lanterns, solar water heaters, solar torch, solar watch and solar mobile phone chargers will be more widely used and will capture the market. Thus, generating solar power through such floating type PV solar modules would be very effective. According to Gon Chaudhuri, the price of solar PV power in the next 10 years should be in the range of Rs 4 to Rs 5 per KWH, whereas price of coal based electricity will touch Rs 10 per KWH.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11455778", "title": "IIT-M grad tops CAT without coaching", "text": "CHENNAI: Ajinkya Deshmukh, who graduated from IIT-Madras two years ago, will now go to another Indian Ivy League school for his management education, a combo-ticket that will put him at a distinct advantage in the big corporate world. Employed as a software developer in a Mumbaibased business analytics company, Deshmukh came up trumps in the CAT entrance without going to a coaching centre. His formula was simple - put in 100%.He got nothing less in return. \"This time I was determined to do well,\" he said soon after the results were announced. He had scored 98.4 percentile in his first attempt in 2009, and 87 percentile in 2010. He said he wasn't too keen on taking the test last year because he wanted some job experience. Every weekday, Ajinkya spent an hour in the morning taking a mock test on a topic. He took a copy of this test and analyzed it on the train as he commuted from home to his office. On the weekends, he worked on the weak points. \"I studied as much as I could during the weekends, because it was difficult to find time when I was at work,\" said Ajinkya, who started brushing up his verbal ability from November.Now that he is sure of getting calls from the big Bschools, Ajinkya plans on taking a sabbatical from work. The computer science engineer, who is eyeing a seat in IIM-A, B or C in that order, is considering a career in finance or operations management, though he says his preference could change after the first year.For now, he is keyed up about going back to college. \"I expected to get higher than my previous scores, but not 100 percentile. I'm excited about going back to college after two years of professional experience. It will help me understand how things work in the corporate world.\" Ajinkya is one of nine MBA aspirants who secured 100 percentile in CAT this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11455381", "title": "Mayawati's statues under wraps, EC deadline met", "text": "NOIDA: Beating the deadline set by the Election Commission, all statues of UP chief minister Mayawati and her election symbol, the elephant, were veiled by the Uttar Pradesh Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Limited (UPRNNL) at the Rashtriya Dalit Prerna Sthal and Green Garden in Noida on Wednesday.The Election Commission had set the deadline of 5pm on January 11 for the district administration to have all statues of Mayawati and the elephants covered, till the model code of conduct is in place in the run-up to the assembly elections of Uttar Pradesh in February.Rubbishing reports that high expenditure has been incurred into procuring materials for the draping work, UPRNNL officials maintained that a proper estimate of the actual costs incurred can be made after all divisions submit their expenses. \"Reports citing expenditure to the tune of crores of rupees in procuring material are false and based on speculation. It will take more than a week to work out the costs, but preliminary estimates by us do not exceed the Rs 1 lakh mark,\" said Arvind Trivedi, general manager of UPRNNL in Noida.\"By 4pm, draping work on all statues of the chief minister and the numerous elephants in the park were completed,\" said Trivedi. \"We have sent a work-completion report to the district administration after this. It is now for the district administration to report it to the Election Commission,\" added Trivedi.After much confusion on Monday over which department would undertake the task of draping the statues, the onus was left on the UPRNNL, the public sector construction agency which has not only built the Dalit Prerna Sthal, but is also in charge of its maintenance till the park is formally handed over to the Noida Authority. Officials stopped work on Sunday after hastily draping a couple of statues following the EC diktat before resuming it in full flow on Tuesday.Draping work was also completed at three locations in Greater Noida - the Surajpur entry point, within the premises of Gautam Buddh University, and in Badalpur, the ancestral village of Mayawati - by the Greater Noida Authority.The district administration has already sent a compliance report to the Election Commission this evening. \"We have sent a report to the EC that as per their instructions, all work has been satisfactorily completed,\" said district magistrate, Hirdesh Kumar. \"Though it was quite a task at hand, all statues were draped well within the stipulated deadline that had been set for us,\" said Kumar to TOI.At the Dalit Prerna Sthal, while layers of pink-coloured plastic have been draped around the statues of elephants and tightly fastened with ropes in order to beat inclement weather conditions, if any, in the next two months, the statues of Mayawati have been hidden within box-shaped cardboard structures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11455701", "title": "Bosco beat D'Assisi to lift MYFC Cup", "text": "MUMBAI: Don Bosco beat St Francis D'Assisi, Borivali 2-0 to win the Mahindra Youth Football Challenge at the Karnataka Sports Association ground, here, on Wednesday. Don Bosco's Troy D'Souza gave his team a first half lead. A second goal in the dying minutes of the second half by Vikrant Belwelkar ensured the championship for Don Bosco. St Francis strove hard, but could not breach Don Bosco's defence.The winners were awarded Rs 30,000, while the runners-up went home with Rs 20,000. Nathan Fernandes (Don Bosco) was declared the Man of Finals, while Ayush Shetty (Don Bosco) was announced Man of the tournament.Match Results (Finals): Don Bosco, Matunga 2 (Troy D'souza, Vikrant Belwelkar) bt St Francis D'Assisi, Borivali 0HF Academy beat NaseebHugh Fernandes Academy (HFA) handed Naseeb FC a narrow 2-1 defeat in a Division-III play-off match of the Mumbai District Football Association (MDFA) league, played at the St Xavier's ground, Parel on Wednesday evening.Results: Div-III play-off: Hugh Fernandes Academy 2 (Ian Fialho, Madar Vedkar) beat Naseeb FC 1 (Pandhir Ghanjal). Indian Tigers 5 (Nikhil Chavan, Nilesh Yadav, Kailash D, Nikhil D'Souza, Pritesh Kotian) beat Mahim FC 4 (Steven Correira, Stanford Britto, Elroy Fernandes, Shaun vaz). Div-II: NACIL Air India 2 (Vernon Charles, Shaun Misquitta) beat Classic FC 0.Punjab down RailwaysMen's National champions Punjab romped to their third win on the trot, putting it across Railways 92-81 in an engrossing league encounter of the 7th All India Savio Cup-Don Bosco Basketball tournament, played at the Don Bosco court, Matunga here on Wednesday.Results: Men's: Punjab 92 (Amritpal Singh (Jr) 22, Amjot Singh 22, Jagdeep Singh 22) bt Railways 81 (Prakash Mishra 25, Gagandeep Singh 22, Sunil 16) (Quarter wise scores: 26-21, 51-46, 74-60, 92-81). Southern Railway 72 (Geetu Anna Jose 35, Anita P. 22, Kokila S. 8) bt Chhattisgarh 61 (Pushpa M 27) (Quarter wise scores: 19-16, 29-22, 47-45, 72-61).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11456229", "title": "IDA board gives nod for handover of land to TCS, Infosys", "text": "INDORE: Indore Development Authority board on Wednesday approved the handover of about 100 acres to the Information and Technology Department of state for Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) and Infosys. IDA will hand over land at the super corridor to allow the companies to set up their IT centres in the city.\"We had received the letter from state IT department for handing over the land for TCS and Infosys and now board has approved it,\" said IDA CEO Chandramouli Shukla adding that the formalities will be completed in next few days.The development authority will first hand over the land to IT department for TCS, which is expected to sign Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the state government in few days. Thereafter, the land for Infosys will also be handed over.Meanwhile, IDA faced minor problems in registration of land for Infosys on super corridor. Around 50 acres is on the super corridor, while another 50 acres is in medical hub.The authority was facing problems with the registration of land which comes under medical hub, as farmers were complaining of delay in the allotment of the plots.When contacted, collector Raghvendra Singh said that all the issues related to registration of land has been solved. \"Registration process will be over within few days,\" said Singh, adding that land owners, who are out of the city, will also complete the formalities in the next few days. Now they are in the process of acquiring additional 60 to 70 acres of land in the area for any further requirements.On allotment of plots to farmers, Shukla said that allotment will begin in next ten days for those lands for which the registration formalities have been completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11455889", "title": "Election Commission stalls 4.5% sub-quota in poll states", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as quota for Muslims has led to sharp political divisions, Election Commission on Wednesday said 4.5% sub-quota for minorities within the 27% OBC quota announced by the central government on December 22 last year should be put on hold in the five poll-bound states till the election process gets over.The poll panel, in its order, noted that the decision to give sub-quota was taken two days before the model code of conduct came into force. However, EC said the office memorandum issued by the department of personnel &amp; training about the sub-quota decision would not be implemented in Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Punjab, Goa and Manipur.EC had received petitions saying Centre's decision to give 4.5% sub-quota for minorities be stopped.On Tuesday, EC had issued notice to law minister Salman Khurshid for his announcement that 9% sub-quota would be carved for minorities within the OBC quota of 27% and it would benefit Muslims. EC said it was prima facie violation of model code of conduct. He had made the statement in Farrukhabad from where his wife Louise Fernandez is a candidate. Already, district authorities have issued notice to Louise. EC has asked Khurshid to send his reply by January 12.EC's order comes when the quota for \"backward\" Muslims, designed to help Congress attract members of the minority community, has already become a big wedge issue during the campaign, with the BJP alleging that it would hurt the interests of Hindu OBCs. The saffron outfit, whose hopes of bettering its performance rest on its outreach to OBCs, attacked the government, with Uma Bharti, a prominent OBC face of the party, saying that the quota was tantamount to country's second partition.The hardline is designed to lure OBCs away from the SP and BSP who are constrained not to criticize the quota for the fear of losing Muslims votes, while putting a spoke in Congress's own plan to gather the support of MBCs.BJP's jibes have failed to deter Congress which is showcasing the quota as a huge initiative for Muslims. Khurshid on Monday disclosed that the party's manifesto will pledge a 9% quota for \"backward\" Muslims. Soon, Rahul Gandhi, who leads Congress's charge, challenged Mulayam Singh , rival contender for Muslim support, to match the quantum of quota. Muslims had turned their back on the Congress after the demolition of Babri Masjid.Although the Congress's smart performance in the 2009 Lok Sabha elections was facilitated by the return of sections of the community, there have lately been indications that the party may have failed to build upon the breakthrough. The leadership feels that quota will help the party make up for the failure, and seems to reckon that BJP's criticism may actually help impress upon Muslims the significance of the party's quota gesture.Interestingly, there are indications that Samajwadi Party may pick up the gauntlet to overtake Congress in the race for Muslim support by promising a bigger quota for \"backward\" Muslims in its manifesto.SP, which emerged as the firm favourite of Muslims because of Mulayam's \"muscular\" secularism but lost chunks of Muslim vote during the Lok Sabha elections, seems to have succeeded in stemming the trend. It seems to be seeing the quota as the device to stay ahead of Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11456212", "title": "Parents want school inquiry against art teacher", "text": "PANAJI: Members of the Parent Teacher Association of the Panaji school, where art teacher Kanhaiya Naik is employed, have reportedly asked the school management to set up an inquiry against the teacher, sources said. Naik has been charged with rape of a minor girl.Parents have reportedly raised issues over the safety of their children with Naik being charged with an offence as serious as rape of a minor student, sources said. But the school management is monitoring the developments before it calls on the directorate of education to set up an inquiry committee against the teacher.Based on demands from parent teacher associations, schools can write to the directorate of education calling for an inquiry to be set up against a teacher. The directorate will constitute a committee comprising education officials, members of the management, teacher's association and other representatives to provide a fair inquiry to both parties involved.Both the parties are heard before the final report is prepared and submitted to the directorate informing the state of the action the school wishes to take against the teacher. The school management can suspend a teacher with the directorate's permission, based on the seriousness of the violation of code of conduct by the teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11453639", "title": "Unidentified body found near Pulgate", "text": "PUNE: An man between 30 and 35 years of age was found murdered near Pulgate on Tuesday morning. His identity has not yet been ascertained.Senior police inspector Bajirao Mohite of the Wanowrie police station said the man had been beaten to death. \"He was wearing a grey track pant and black shirt,\" Mohite said.The police have appealed to citizens to contact inspector Bajirao Mohite on his cell phone 9822632382 or inspector Ajit Khadke on his cell phone number 9890202567 if they know anything about the man. They may also contact on 020-26824981 or 020-26208229.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11456253", "title": "Over bridge at Super Corridor delayed again", "text": "INDORE: The construction of eight-lane railway over bridge (ROB) on Super Corridor has once again been delayed. The board of Indore Development Authority (IDA) on Wednesday has decided to conduct a rate analysis of the tender for bridge.The bridge is expected to connect the super corridor to Indore-Ujjain road and MR 10.The construction of the bridge is facing rough weather for some time now. Two years ago, the IDA had cancelled the tender as the construction of bridge was not certain, and now a second tender has been paused for rate analysis.\"The lowest tender and second lowest tender has a difference of around Rs 10 crore. Seeing the huge gap in tender rate, the board has decided to conduct a rate analysis to ascertain whether the construction of bridge is possible in such rate or not and what will be the quality of the work,\" IDA CEO Chandramouli Shukla said.The rate analysis will be presented before board in next meeting, he said.Meanwhile, in order to improve the infrastructure of super corridor in wake of sudden interest expressed by IT and other companies, IDA board has approved construction of roads on super corridor at the cost of Rs 19.35 crore.Shukla mentioned that the construction of the road is in the master plan of 2021.In another important decision the board has decided to hand over the land adjacent to proposed Saint Pritamdas Auditorium in Scheme number 31 to Indore Municipal Corporation for any future expansion of the auditorium.IMC is planning to construct the auditorium with public private partnership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11454493", "title": "Coup fears resurface in Pakistan as Gilani-Kayani spat turns ugly", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan army on Wednesday warned of \"grievous consequences\" over accusations by the country's prime minister that the top military brass had violated the constitution.Yousaf Raza Gilani also sacked the defence secretary, considered close to the military, in an apparent tit-for-tat move that worsened ties between the wobbly civilian government of Asif Ali Zardari and the powerful military that has ruled Pakistan for more than half of its existence.Tensions have risen since a memo seeking US help to prevent a military coup in May and rein in the country's powerful khaki establishment came to light in November. Pak-American businessman Mansoor Ijaz had claimed to have delivered the memo to the Americans that former envoy to US Husain Haqqani had allegedly authored at Zardari's behest. Zardari can face impeachment if his links to the memo are established.Fired for Kayani statementShortly before news that defense secretary Naeem Khalid Lodhi had been sacked, the military released a statement saying allegations leveled against the army chief Ashfaq Pervez Kayani and director-general Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) Ahmed Shuja Pasha were very serious and will have grave consequences.\"There can be no allegation more serious than what the PM has leveled against the chief of army staff and the DG ISI and has unfortunately charged the officers for violation of the constitution of the country. This has very serious ramifications with potentially grievous consequences for the country,\" a statement released by the military said.The handout stated that PM Yousaf Raza Gilani gave an interview to the People's Daily Online when Kayani was on an official visit to China. Gilani had said that replies of Kayani and Pasha in the SC without the prior approval of the government in connection to the alleged memo controversy were unconstitutional and illegal.The army has confronted the government over the memo in the SC that has constituted a three-member commission to probe the scandal that threatens to implicate Zardari. The government had asked the court to dismiss a plea seeking a judicial probe into the memo, while Kayani and Pasha in their statements took the opposite position, saying the memo was a conspiracy against the army.The statement, issued after Kayani returned from China, maintained it had passed its response through the defence ministry to the court in accordance with the law.Naeem Khalid Lodhi, a retired general seen as an army representative within the civilian setup, was dismissed for the \"misunderstanding\" between Gilani and the top brass. \"PM has terminated the contract of defence secretary for gross misconduct,\" said an official. Lodhi was fired for his role in submitting the statements to the court.Lodhi was regarded to be more powerful than the defence minister because of his direct ties to the army high command. Nargis Sethi, considered close to Gilani, would replace Lodhi. The PM needs the defence secretary on his side if he sacks the army or intelligence chiefs.Analysts said the removal of Lodhi and Sethi's appointment shows the government is not in a defensive mode. \"Firing Lodhi may be a first step by the government in removing the chief of army staff and the DG ISI,\" political analyst Ikram Sehgal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11456071", "title": "US team to visit IIIT-A to answer visa queries", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A team comprising representatives of United States embassy in India will visit the Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad, on January 17.The team members will meet IIIT-A students in the institute auditorium from 9am to 10.30am and answer their queries relating to visa and prospects of higher education in US.RC Tripathi, dean, students affairs on Wednesday said the past trends show IIIT-A students opt for US as their first choice for final semester project work as well as for higher studies.The US team will meet the students of BTech III (sixth semester), BTech (IT &amp; ECE), MTech (IT), MS (CLIS) and MBA (IT).Interested students will get their attendance for routine classes scheduled during 9am to 11am on January 17. Nishtha Oberoi, Consular Information Unit, US Embassy, New Delhi will also be part of the visiting team,IIIT-A director MD Tiwari said US is a suitable abode of education for students seeking higher qualification in most advance studies, especially in science and technology and business management. Many top-ranked universities are in US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11458765", "title": "Tabu chooses a new beginning", "text": "Signing a film, learning salsa and partying with friends - are these signs of the actress finally coming out of hiding?Swinging to the lilting tunes, talking like she has not spoken in years, Tabu amidst a small gathering of close friends at Farah Khan's birthday bash, looked like the actress had finally come out of her hiding.Staying away from Mumbai, shifting base to Hyderabad, the actress had become a rare sight in Bollywood , her last major film being Cheeni Kum in 2007. And after her reported 'breakup' with south Indian star Nagarjuna last year, Tabu had retreated into her shell. Which she does only when she is hurt, according to old friend Sajid Nadiadwala. But now, the dark clouds are slowly but surely easing their way out of her life. Leaving a bright new silver lining.With the new sun rising, Tabu seems to have given herself a fresh lease of life. She has started taking salsa lessons and signed a film after a long, long time.So, is this a new Tabu? The one who takes dancing lessons. The one who parties with friends. The one who has just signed Bejoy Nambiar's next directorial project?Sajid Nadiadwala doesn't think so. \"Why do people presume Tabu is a recluse and that she shuns company? I've known her from 1998. Yes, our equation changed. But the mutual feeling is still there. She has a priceless sense of humour. And when she's with friends-and there aren't too many of them-she is in her element. Tabu can have you in splits,\" revealed the filmmaker who was briefly linked to Tabu romantically in the '90s.However, when Tabu gets hurt, she withdraws into her shell. And she hurts easily. A few years ago she just happened to be nice to model-turned-actor Upen Patel. The next thing she knew, rumours of their relationship were plastered in the press.Tabu withdrew. Hurt.\"I've seen her cry watching cartoons, weep over news on television and wail when a bird is hurt. She is a very special person. Perhaps a little too special and sensitive for this ruthless industry. Here you need a thick skin. Tabu couldn't grow that,\" said Nadiadwala, reminiscing about old times.She was hurt again. This time, it was worse.\"Nag (Nagarjuna) is the only man Tabu has really loved. He's like a part of her that would never go away. She will wander away, but he will remain the centre of her universe. She looks for Nag in every man she gets close to,\" said a fellow actress.After wandering away from Nagarjuna, the actress is now looking for stability. And that invariably means moving back to good friends and good ol' Bollywood.In fact, Mahesh Manjrekar , who directed one of Tabu's finest films Astitva, recently narrated a subject to her. \"It's a subject called White and only Tabu can do it. It's a powerful unconventional subject, like Astitva. As far as I'm concerned there's no better actress than Tabu. Tabu heard me narrate White and she wept like a baby throughout the narration. Then she just stared at me. I was waiting for her to say 'yes' or 'no'. She said neither. After a while I stood up and left telling her to let me know her decision,\" informed the filmmaker.Mahesh is still waiting. And so are we. To see the talented actress once again on screen. To perhaps see her do salsa. And attend many more parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "armoor (nizamabad)", "code": "11455401", "title": "Fewer farmers at \u2018rythu deeksha\u2019", "text": "ARMOOR (NIZAMABAD): After all the hype surrounding his rythu deeksha in Armoor in support of turmeric farmers on Tuesday, Jaganmohan Reddy was ill at ease on Wednesday as there were only a fewer farmers at YSR Pranganam to support his 'cause' in the morning.Soon, word spread and some news channels even started running the scroll about lack of 'numbers' at the rythu deeksha venue. Local YSR Congress leaders got jittery and brought people from surrounding villages in Morthad, Kammarpalli, Balkonda, Jakranpalli and Armoor mandals in the afternoon to fill the venue on the outskirts of the town.\"The congregation of crowds picked up in the afternoon. People of Manthani village in Armoor mandal extended whole-hearted support to Jagan's deeksha. In fact, a member of each household from Manthani had come down to meet Jagan,\" party district spokesperson Manala Mohan Reddy told TOI.While Jagan undertook the deeksha to 'open the eyes' of the government on the plight of turmeric farmers in Telangana region and particularly agriculture-rich Armoor division, there were farmers from Andhra and Rayalaseema districts at the YSR Pranganam. Ryots from Prakasam, Guntur, West Godavari and Khammam districts were brought to the deeksha site.A farmer from Prakasam district Venkat Narayana told TOI that he came all the way from Kandukur to extend support to Jagan. \"He is fighting on our behalf. So, I thought I would do my bit by coming here,\" he said. Sources said some of the farmers were paid to make the rythu deeksha a success. Another farmer from Guntur Koteshwara Rao said only YSR Congress is agitating on behalf of ryots. \"The region doesn't matter. Problems of farmers are one and the same all over the state,\" he reasoned.Sources said the party village development committees (VDCs) led by the powerful Reddy community were strong in the area and they played a pivotal role in mobilising people of other communities for the deeksha. \"Villagers are too scared to ignore the VDC diktats,\" a farmer not wanting to be named said. Senior Reddy leaders like Senigaram Santosh Reddy, Gaddam Ganga Reddy, Mohan Reddy, Mara Chandramohan Reddy and Munipalli Sai Reddy rallied the community people to attend the deeksha.Earlier, tension prevailed at the deeksha camp when activists of CPI(ML) New Democracy tried to sneak into the YSR Pranganam twice demanding Jagan to clear his stand on the separate Telangana state. Police used mild force to disperse the agitating mob and arrested 30 New Democracy activists, including its leader V Prabhakar.The activists raised slogans 'Telangana dhrohi Jagan go back' and shouted in favour of Telangana. Police lathicharged them and dragged them away from the deeksha camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454930", "title": "Will Gilani dare to remove Kayani, Pasha?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The political crisis in Pakistan has deepened with an embattled civilian government of Yousaf Raza Gilani and the mighty Pakistan army on a collision course, raising fears of another army coup in Pakistan.The faceoff could end with one side backing down and risking credibility. According to sources in Pakistan, the government's allies have advised caution and moderation. But some say that Gilani government appears ready to take the next step which could even be a removal of army chief Ashfaq Parvez Kayani or ISI chief Shuja Pasha.Pak army feels memogate akin to treasonObservers say the possibility of the Pakistan government removing army chief Ashfaq Parvez Kayani or ISI chief Shuja Pasha has gone up after the sack of defence secretary who is said to be close to Kayani and the main link with the army.At the same time hand, the army could cite serious national threat to Pakistan and remove the government, establish martial law and call for elections. Kayani, who flew in from China on Wednesday, has called a meeting of the top corps commanders on Thursday to apparently take a final decision on the issue.Nasim Zehra, editor of Dunya TV and a senior political commentator, told TOI the \"misunderstandings would be clarified on Thursday by constitutional means.\" The national assembly, she said, could pass a resolution on democracy and the government, which would defuse the situation while ruling out the possibility of a coup.The genesis of this spat lies in the \"memogate\" scandal, involving an alleged memo sent by the civilian government to US military chief Mike Mullen after Osama bin Laden's killing, asking for help to remove Pakistan's generals. Mansoor Ijaz, the memo's self-proclaimed author, named Hussain Haqqani, Pakistan's former envoy to US as being behind it.That memo, which Mullen said he did not take seriously, has led to a political crisis in Pakistan. The government has downplayed the memo while the army has highlighted it as almost amounting to treason.Pakistan's activist supreme court, led by justice Iftikhar Chaudhry has mounted its own attack on the Zardari-Gilani government. Not only did it order the memogate issue to be investigated, putting pressure on the government, on Tuesday, Chaudhry also threatened Zardari and Gilani with disqualification, because they had apparently delayed the implementation of an NRO (national reconciliation ordinance) for the past two years.The full bench is scheduled to meet on January 16, when the apex court can hand out a verdict that could be either disqualification or contempt of court - both of which would be damaging to the government.Zardari and Gilani have apparently decided to fight the battle politically, making it a civilian versus military issue, hoping that Pakistan will continue to support the civilian government. They are also banking on growing international opinion against military rule in Pakistan.Pak army could cite serious national threat to Pakistan and remove the government, establish martial law and call for elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11458807", "title": "In difficult times, passion powers Manipur's future soccer stars", "text": "IMPHAL: Manipur dreams football, and it is this dream that makes the country's sports powerhouse prepare its star footballers under a disciplined regime at par with World Cup playing nations. Unlike other parts of the country, where business tycoons and multinational corporations fund the training and development of young talents, Manipur's footballers depend on house-to-house collections for money. The contributions that come from state government's coffers are barely enough for a single day's grocery shopping.The All Manipur Football Association (AMFA), the state body responsible for spotting and nurturing talented youngsters, admits that it is almost bankrupt. The cash crunch, however, has not stopped the body from churning out players year after year to represent the national team. As of today, four players -- defenders Gouramangi Singh and Govin Singh, midfielder Reisangmi Vashum and forward Sushil Singh -- represent Manipur in the national pool of 23. Also, apart from familiar names like Renedy, Suramangi, Milan , Thoi and Jinam, there are about 170 to 180 other players from Manipur playing for various football clubs across divisions. Manipuri players represent the Navy, Air India , Services, BSF, CRPF, clubs from Goa, West Bengal and a host of other big names like Mahindra and Mahindra, JCT,\"The AMFA is bankrupt. We have no big companies in our state to sponsor our clubs and the state team. Some individuals do give the association donations of about a couple of lakh and that is all. The clubs, which send the boys, are in a worse situation as they have to depend heavily on door-to-door donations. They even hold lottery games to raise funds,\" K Baruni, vice president of the association, said.Former footballer , food and civil supplies minister and government spokesman N Biren Singh points out that overall development has been and will continue to be the priority of the government if the Congress retains power. Singh - one of the first footballers from Manipur to play outside the country and a member of the BSF's Durrand Cup-winning team in 1981 - said: \"In last 10 years, we have been giving due importance to football. The Asian Football Confederation has approved Imphal as a venue of FIFA's training programme and our government facilitated the work for laying down an international-standard training ground at the Khuman Lampak stadium. The government has also decided to set up a regional football academy in Imphal, and the matter is now with the sports ministry.\"Despite all the assurances, the sport's organizers are disappointed with the government's for not funding the organizations' to manage their day-to-day affairs. The organisers are now counting on business houses or PSUs for cash. \"The government only contributes with things like breakfast and fruits for players during practice sessions,\" Baruni said.An early morning visit to Imphal's Khuman Lampak stadium explains how so many Manipuris make it big in the national football scene despite all the hurdles they have to face. Every morning at 7, several youngsters chasing their dream travel as far as 30 to 40 km to reach the stadium. After an hour of rigoroustraining under the watchful eyes of acclaimed coaches, these budding stars head home to prepare for school. It is their dedication and the dream to play in the national team that drives these tiny tots, said Baruni.Soon, hundreds of clubs across the state - there are about 40 clubs in Imphal West and 35 in Imphal East districts, and 20 to 30 clubs in every district - will be forming their teams for various competitions, Baruni said. The district-level and state-level games are crucial as every match is attended by 'spotters', who recognise talent and shortlist players good enough for bigger clubs or even the state team.Even the state team -- with at least three to four boys for each position -- suffers due to the lack of funds. This is when people make personal sacrifices to keep things ticking. \"The coaches who train our state teams know our financial condition and they do not mind doing their job for free,\" Baruni said. \"They only get around Rs 1,000 pocket money when they accompany the team for an outstation match, but their services remain free. \"They don't seem to mind and it is their passion and commitment that sees us through the tough times,\" Baruni said.Despite the severe financial crisis that the football players and organisers struggle with every day, there is no room for indiscipline. \"We do not prepare our teams in a hurry. We take great pains and go into minute detail in creating our rosters. We do not tolerate an iota of indiscipline. A player may be the best of the lot, but if he is not disciplined, we do not waste any time in ticking him off from the list,\" Baruni said, adding rough words to the referee even in a practice session leads to sanctions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "11456484", "title": "Indian cab driver in US held on rape charges", "text": "NEW YORK: An Indian cab driver here has been arrested on charges that he raped and robbed a 26-year-old passenger in his taxi last year.Gurmeet Singh, 40, had allegedly held his victim at knifepoint and bound her wrists. He faces charges of rape, assault and robbery among others . The woman had told the police that she fell asleep after she got into Singh's cab on her way back to her home one night in May, 2011. When she woke up Singh allegedly held her at knifepoint and raped her, the New York Post reported. Singh also stole her cellphone and some cash before letting her go in the morning.Police officers had posed as city taxi commission inspectors to get evidence that Singh was the cab driver they were looking for.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11456739", "title": "Jobless engg graduate hangs herself", "text": "BANGALORE: Depressed over not finding a job and mounting financial burden, a 21-year-old BTech graduate allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself from the roof of her paying guest accommodation in Madiwala on Tuesday night.Deepthi Ramanjaneya, of Dharmavaram in Andhra Pradesh, was residing at the SRL PG in Venkateshwara Layout for 10 months, police said. Deepthi had come to the city in search of job.According to her mother Lakshmi Ramanajaneya, Deepthi was worried about being unable to repay a loan of Rs 3 lakh which she had taken to complete her education. \"Her father Ramanjaneya had died of an illness a few years ago. Her younger brother Kishore works as a mechanic in Dharmavaram,\" police said.However, Deepthi has not left behind any suicide note to specify the reason for taking the extreme step.The girl's body was handed over to the bereaved family after an autopsy at Bowring hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11453397", "title": "Labourers die of suffocation while cleaning well", "text": "AMRAVATI: Two labourers died due to suffocation while desilting a well at Wadal Gavhan village in Daryapur on Wednesday.The deceased have been identified as Biram Shah Akbar Shah (60) and Santosh Wadurkar (30). Maroti Sansthan of Wadala Gavhan had started some construction work and gave the work of desilting of the well to the labourer duo. Shah went into the well first. But when he did not return after a long time, Wadurkar too entered the well. However, both died due to suffocation and possibly noxious gases. Police rushed the spot after getting information. Police have been investigating further in matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "11455291", "title": "Mangar: Realty likely winner, Aravalis loser", "text": "FARIDABAD: Years after the Haryana government failed to get clearance for the multi-crore European Technology Park in Mangar, a village located in the ecologically sensitive Aravalis in Faridabad district, the state is likely to clear a plan for 23 villages that would allow a large portion of village land to be used for real estate and industrial activities.Senior Haryana government officials told TOI that the state-level committee (SLC) is holding a crucial meeting in Chandigarh on Thursday to finalize the Draft Master Plan 2031. After the draft plan was out, environmental activists and local authorities had pushed the demand to increase the forest cover in these villages, which are crucial for the region. Sources said that the local wing of the department of town and country planning (DTCP) has proposed to increase the forest cover from 1,822 hectares to approximately 3,800 hectares. Even the district administration had supported the demand of environmental activists after a team of experts and officials carried out a ground survey.The entire development plan covers 10,426 hectares and the some of the villages included in this plan are Mangar, Alampur, Gothra Mohabatabad, Sirohi, Pali, Dhauj and Kabulpur Bangar. About nine villages in this region have major forest cover and in case the DTP's proposal is incorporated, most of forest would be covered.The issue of allowing any form of real estate or agricultural activities in Mangar has been kicking off debates because of the ecological significance of a sacred forest cover in the village, which has been protected by locals. In fact, it's the threat of development to this sacred forest had brought the environment activists together to take up the issue with Faridabad administration. Moreover, the sacred forest has unique plant species and medicinal plants, which are found nowhere else.\"I had predicted that government agencies will not spare the forests and Mangar. They would clear the plan for major non-forestry activities in the region and would leave only a small chunk of Mangar's sacred forest. This plan will work to the government's adantage.You will have more farmhouses in the natural wildlife corridor disrupting the movement of wild life,\" said R P Balwan, former conservator (forest) of Gurgaon circle.The fact-finding team of district administration had found that most of the villages falling under the development plan function as major water recharge zones and have ample green cover. It had also observed that protecting these zones is crucial considering the huge dependence of Gurgaon and Faridabad on groundwater.The committee had also suggested that this area, being an important forest for Faridabad and a part of a wildlife corridor between Delhi and Rajasthan, should be excluded from real estate zoning.The district administration had also asked the forest department to take up the case of notifying all 'gairmumkin pahar'/ Aravalli hills/ forest areas in all villages that are covered in the development plan under Section 4 and 5 of the Punjab Land Preservation Act (PLPA) starting with Mangar and Kot village.These two sections prohibit allowing non-forest activities without prior permission from the Union ministry of environment and forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11454379", "title": "Dialogues can bridge India-Pak rift: Kutty", "text": "PUNE: Effective dialogue between India and Pakistan can bridge the divide between the two countries, said senior peace activist and secretary general of Pakistan Peace Coalition (PPC), BM Kutty.Karachi-based Kutty was invited for a media interaction at the Pune Union of Working Journalists ( PUWJ) on Wednesday.\"The Pakistani government, too, is making efforts to reach out to India. Plus, there's a huge scope for improvement by encouraging cultural exchanges and increasing business relations between the two countries,\" Kutty said. A widespread anti-American feeling prevails in Pakistan today. \"Pakistanis do not trust Americans anymore, but the religious fanatics are using this situation to their own advantage. However, the current government in Pakistan has taken some positive steps now to smoothen dialogue with India. Last March, the Indo-Pak talks resumed and the new Pakistani foreign minister, Hina Rabbani Khar said dialogue with India will be uninterrupted and uninterruptable. From then on, the dialogue hasn't been interrupted,\" Kutty said.Pakistani society, too, is witnessing some positive changes. \"Certain laws, like the blasphemy laws and laws pertaining to women, have now been changed. Women form more than 50% of Pakistan's population, but their rights have been badly trampled on. However, the government has had the courage to pass a law against the feudal tradition of marrying girls to the holy Quran. This, along with forced marriages and honour killings, are now considered an offence with 10 years' rigorous punishment and huge fine. These laws have been passed unanimously by the Pakistani parliament, the national assembly and senate,\" he said.The common people in Pakistan also wish friendship with India, Kutty said. \"Exchanges between bar associations, media professionals and traders of both the countries should be encouraged. Pakistanis have also supported the Pakistani interior minister's statement on 26/11 convict Ajmal Kasab deserving punishment by hanging.\"\"Indo-Pak peace will bring about economic prosperity and religious amity in both countries. Had there not been religious fundamentalism and terrorism, we would have been far ahead today. But we are not a failing state. More importantly, the India-centric foreign policy needs to be altered. We need to have a positive, protective, purposeful, meaningful relationship with India. The present government has done better than the previous governments regarding improving relations with India,\" Kutty said.Trade relations between the two countries also need to improve. \"In fact, traders are also looking for new business opportunities in India,\" said Kutty. \"Corruption does not end because of such movements. One-man based movements are no different from other dictatorial set-ups. There is no support for Anna's movement per se in Pakistan. How can you expect an individual like the Lokpal to counter corruption? I don't think an individual's campaign is against the very grain of democracy,\" Kutty added.Giving the example of cricketer-turned-politician, Imran Khan , he said, \"Imran Khan has been airing the people's problems but he hasn't been able to give solutions. Corruption is a part of the system.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11456978", "title": "Eshwarappa has the last laugh", "text": "BANGALORE: State BJP president K S Eshwarappa is not exactly known for reticence. So it comes as no surprise that his maun vrat that followed former CM BS Yedyurappa's attack was actually a camouflage for the bigger event he was working on: a joint meeting of RSS and BJP to show Yeddyurappa his place.The groundwork for Wednesday's RSS-BJP confabulations was done by Eshwarappa during his maun vrat days. They assume importance as the RSS, considered the backbone of BJP, prefers to sort out issues behind closed doors. But the joint meeting only shows the gravity of the situation and the desire of the RSS to set the house in order.GET READY, BJP TELLS C T RAVIThe BJP is now bracing up for the next battle before it: keep the Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha seat, vacated by CM DV Sadananda Gowda, within the party fold. The BJP has asked Chikmagalur MLA CT Ravi to get ready to be party's nominee in the impending Udupi-Chikmagalur bypoll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460497", "title": "NMC focuses on polls, hawkers make merry", "text": "NASHIK: Last week, the Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) anti-encroachment department evicted hawkers, handcarts and kiosk owners from the pavements in most part of the city. Now, with the code of conduct imposed in the city and the department's focus consequently shifting to poll violations, hawkers are back with a bang in the Central Bus Stand (CBS) area, spreading their wares outside the court till the Meher signal. The department has been busy confiscating political hoardings, banners and flags in the last three days.The department had cleared encroachments at the Tibetan Corner, Shalimar, the CBS area, from Meher signal to CBS to Shalimar, Nehru Garden and MG Road last week, confiscating carts, chairs, kiosks, tables, bamboo and other material. The NMC had assured that the drive would continue till all the encroachments in the city are removed.On Friday, hawkers were back at the stretch between CBS and Meher signal, making it difficult for motorists and pedestrians to move. Deputy municipal commissioner (anti-encroachment), Dattatreya Gotise assured that the drive would continue after political hoardings and bamboo frames are done away with.At present, in the backdrop of the forthcoming civic elections, the department has focused its attention on political advertisements, officials said. On Friday, the department razed 169 structures erected for political hoardings using gas cutters, confiscated 352 flags and 610 banners. This drive will continue for a couple of days more, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11456578", "title": "Big brother RSS gets BSY to pipe down", "text": "BANGALORE: The RSS on Wednesday plunged into the efforts to arrest the drift in the ruling BJP. After day-long hectic parleys, the Sangh appears to have effected a truce in the party by getting former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa to drop his comeback ambitions, at least for now.The RSS is believed to have told Yeddyurappa there will be no change in the BJP leadership, and chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and party chief KS Eshwarappa will stay. Yeddyurappa's plea that he wanted to go ahead with a state-wide tour was accepted, but with a rider that it will be only under the party banner; Gowda and Eshwarappa will keep him company.The Sangh leaders reportedly pulled up the party leaders for their conduct during the past few months. In an apparent reference to Yeddyurappa loyalist M P Renukacharya and others, the party biggies were asked to restrain their followers from going to the media. They were also asked to hold core committee meetings at least once in 10 days.The intervention appeared to have had the desired effect on Yeddyurappa, who has time and again asserted he won't settle for anything less than the CM's gaddi or the party chief 's post.RSS bosses do some plain-speaking to BSYFormer chief minister BS Yeddyurappa on Wednesday claimed that the BJP will win 156 assembly and 25 Lok Sabha seats whenever elections are held.Speaking to reporters at the end of the day's final, four-hour-long meeting at MLC S Lehar Singh's Sanjayanagar residence, the BJP triumvirate of Sadananda Gowda, KS Eshwarappa and BS Yeddyurappa walked out together and said the discussions were on strengthening the BJP. \"There were some minor differences, which will be sorted out,'' Yeddyurappa said.Party insiders claimed that the fact that Yeddyurappa attended the meeting at Lehar Singh's residence indicated that he did not want to react immediately. It was also said that the former CM had mellowed after the recent mission to Delhi by his supporters Shobha Karandlaje and Murugesh R Nirani where Yeddyurappa was warned against precipitating matters.They also said that most of the mending of ties had been effected at the day's second meeting held at RSS leader K R Narahari's Devaiah Park residence. Yeddyurappa and Eshwarappa reportedly vented their spleen at each other, while Gowda remained a mute spectator.Yeddyurappa reiterated his allegation that Eshwarappa was responsible for him going to jail, while the state BJP chief replied by saying that the credit should go to the former chief minister's sons. The release of steam is believed to have laid the foundation for the smoother conduct of the parleys later in the day.The day's parleys began with RSS bigwigs M C Jayadev, Mangesh Bendi and Narahari and Sangh pointsmen in the party V Sateesh and Santosh meeting at Narahari's residence. The RSS leaders later met the BJP triumvirate.RSS sources said Yeddyurappa vented his ire at the Sangh Parivar, which he alleged has been hijacked by party MP H N Ananth Kumar. \"When I spent money on the party, nobody acknowledged it, but now I am being labelled as corrupt. If this is the attitude, why should I be in the party?'' he is said to have asked.Yeddyurappa was also severe on Gowda, who he said had changed a lot in the past few months.The RSS leaders and others also did some plain-speaking to Yeddyurappa. He was told that BJP leaders of the stature of Vajpayee never claimed to have built the party.BJP's second-rung leaders S Suresh Kumar , Jagadish Shettar, R Ashoka and Shobha Karandlaje and MLA CT Ravi joined the day's last meeting in Lehar Singh's residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11455651", "title": "Top cops pulled up over warrants", "text": "MADURAI: Taking strong exception that the police are not executing non-bailable warrants in criminal cases, the Madurai bench of the Madras High Court directed the top police officials, including the Madurai city police commissioner and SP, Sivaganga to file a report stating the reasons for not executing the warrants against the life sentenced convicts in two different cases.On November 23, 2009, the high court recalled the order of suspension of sentence passed on one Pandi, a washerman, who was sentenced life for his offence and issued non-bailable warrant against him to be executed through the city police. However, taking note of non-execution of the warrant, a direction was issued by the court to execute the warrant by March 23.When the matter was posted on March 23, the warrant was not executed as against him, hence the court had adjourned the matter with a direction to form a special team for the execution of the warrant.When the matter came for hearing on Wednesday, the additional public prosecutor submitted that the warrant was yet to be executed.Taking a serious view on the matter, the bench comprising Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar and P Devadass, said the non-bailable warrant not been executed, the commissioner of police, Madurai city is directed to file a report as to why the warrant issued on November 23, 2009, is not executed till date.In another case of Karaikudi police station, the court has pointed out that even after the expiry of two years and three months, the warrant is yet to be executed. \"It is a classic example as to how the police is not executing the non bailable warrant in criminal cases,\" it observed.The judges directed the SP, Sivagangai district to file a report and state reasons as to why the NBW issued on a life convict in 2009 was not executed by the inspector of police, Karaikudi North police station till date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11453535", "title": "Vegetable vendor killed at Ambegaon", "text": "PUNE: A gang of nine people killed a 31-year-old vegetable trader in a pre-planned assault on Dattanagar-Jambhulwadi road in the wee hours of Wednesday.According to the police, the suspects had tied a rope across the road before attacking Dnyaneshwar Shivaji Jadhav of Dattanagar in Ambegaon. Jadhav, who was riding a motorcycle, could not notice the rope because of darkness. The bike hit the rope and Jadhav fell on the road. The suspects, who were hiding nearby, attacked him with sharp weapons and killed him.The Haveli police suspect that Jadhav's murder is a fall out of the murder of Baiju Navghane at Balajinagar on October 21, 2011. Jadhav was the brother-in-law of Datta Mane, the main suspect, in the case. \"He was trying to get bail for Mane,\" said inspector Sardar Patil.Patil said that Jadhav's brother-in-law Ankush (21) of Kondhwa Budruk, who was riding pillion with him when the incident happened, lodged a complaint. \"We have booked nine suspects in the case.\"Patil said that Jadhav was a vegetable trader and was running a shop at Market Yard. Everyday he used to go to Market Yard early in the morning. \"On Wednesday also Jadhav left his house around 5.30 am with Ankush. On the Dattanagar-Jambhulwadi Road, the bike hit the rope tied from one pole to another across the road and Jadhav and Mane fell down,\" Patil said.Immediately the suspects attacked him, Patil said. \"Jadhav received severe blows on his head and died on the spot. The suspects fled under the cover of darkness.\"Jadhav's brother-in-law escaped unhurt in the attack and informed the police. \"The police have booked Sachin Gholap, Kunal Pol, Afsar Kambli, Samir Ansari, Ajay Kamble, Samir Ghadge, Ashfaq Shaikh, Shahnawaz Tamboli and Sachin Garje. We have formed two teams to trace them,\" Patil said.Navghane was killed on October 21 during the Navratra Mahotsav. Following the murder, rioting had taken place in the area. Bapu Nair, the suspect in Navghane murder case and a criminal on police record was recently arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11458247", "title": "Infosys Q3 profit up 33%", "text": "BANGALORE: Infosys Ltd beat market forecasts with a 33 per cent rise in quarterly profit as a weak rupee boosted margins, but it cut its full-year revenue outlook because of the debt crisis in Europe, its second-biggest market.India's export-driven software services companies are bracing for a slower pace of outsourcing contracts due to the lingering debt crisis in Europe.Bangalore-based Infosys, India's second-largest software services exporter, forecast dollar revenue growth of 16.4 per cent for the fiscal year to March 31, down from 17.1 per cent to 19.1 per cent projected in October.\"The global economy, driven by slower growth in developed markets coupled with the European crisis, could impact the growth of the IT industry,\" Infosys Chief Executive S. D. Shibulal said in a statement.India's $76 billion IT services industry competes with Accenture Plc and IBM for orders to maintain information technology infrastructure and build software applications.More than half of Infosys's revenue is generated from the United States.Global spending on information technology will rise at the slowest pace in three years in 2012 as Europeans, worried about the region's sovereign debt crisis, are cutting back on investments, research firm Gartner Inc said last week.Gartner predicted global IT spending would rise 3.7 per cent in 2012, down from its earlier estimate of 4.6 per cent. The forecast for Western Europe was slashed to a 0.7 per cent drop in spending from a previously expected rise of 3.4 per cent.Infosys, which is also listed in New York , said consolidated net profit rose to 23.72 billion rupees ($457 million) in the third quarter ended Dec. 31 from 17.8 billion rupees a year earlier, helped by an 8 per cent fall in the rupee.Revenue rose 30.8 per cent to 92.98 billion rupees, as the company, whose customers include BP Plc, Procter &amp; Gamble Co and Volkswagen AG , added 49 clients.A poll of 10 brokerages had forecast a profit of 23.1 billion rupees on revenue of 92.2 billion rupees.The rupee was the worst performer among Asian currencies in 2011, losing nearly 16 per cent against the dollar.The company, worth about $31 billion, fell nearly a fifth in 2011, far more than its bigger rival Tata Consultancy Services that dropped 0.4 per cent and compared with a fall of about 16 per cent in the sector index.Analysts say that among others, large software exporters such as Tata Consultancy Services and Wipro would report a positive impact of the currency market trends, when they report their earnings for the September-December quarter.Profitability of TCS and Wipro is expected to rebound by a healthy 25.1 per cent and 12.8 per cent, respectively, resulting in combined average profit after tax growth of 18.9 per cent.Vivek K Negi Head (Research and Training) at Wellindia Group said that pressure would continue on Mid-cap IT companies like Patni, Persistent Systems , Mphasis etc.Although analysts remain cautious because of the weak demand for IT services globally, which is leading to even price cuts by several of these firms, the weakness of the rupee is prompting analysts to upgrade the earnings as well as target price for IT companies.Infosys Ltd, the country's No.2 software services exporter, bigger rival Tata Consultancy Services Ltd and third-ranked Wipro Ltd get about three-quarters of their revenue from the United States and Europe. Both TCS and HCL Technologies will announce their results on January 17 and Wipro on January 20.Gartner predicted global IT spending would rise 3.7 per cent in 2012, down from its earlier estimate of 4.6 per cent. The forecast for Western Europe was slashed to a 0.7 per cent drop in spending from a previously expected rise of 3.4 per cent.Global spending on information technology will rise at the slowest pace in three years in 2012 as Europeans, worried about the region's sovereign debt crisis are cutting back on investments, research firm Gartner Inc said on January 5.HSBC said the budget for technology spending by the financial services sector in Europe will be a decisive factor for Indian software companies, which compete with Accenture and IBM for contracts to maintain computer systems and write software applications.Infosys' operating margin at 28.2 per cent for the three months ended September 30 was the highest among its local peers and ahead of IBM's 19.8 per cent with Tata Consultancy, which has recently seen its quarterly profit growing at a faster pace, at 27.1 per cent, the data showed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11453884", "title": "Three sent to police custody for six days", "text": "PUNE: A magisterial court on Wednesday sent Sanjay Jadhav (42), his wife Sarika (42), and their neighbour Ranjana Shah (49), all residents of Dhankawdi, to six days' police custody, in connection with the alleged suicide of a couple in Shirdi.Ravindra Nimbekar (50), who worked in a private firm, and his wife Archana (39), a homemaker, were found hanging from the ceiling of a hotel room on January 6.A suicide note found in the room stated that the Nimbekars had borrowed Rs 1 lakh in April last year from Sarika for the education of their two children. Sanjay, a building material supplier, had lent them the money at 20 per cent interest and was now demanding repayment of Rs 3 lakh.The note said the Jadhavs would often harass them to return the moneyand that Sanjay had even told Nimbekar to transfer the ownership of his flat in his Jadhav's) name. Jadhav had also threatened the Nimbekars that he would lodge a police complaint against them.The arrested suspects were produced before judicial magistrate first class S M Padolikar,Assistant public prosecutor Kiran Bendbhar submitted before the court that custodial interrogation of the suspects was required to recover the amount and to help in arresting three absconding suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11454251", "title": "Repealed urban land act bites realtors", "text": "MUMBAI: The urban land ceiling (ULC) department has sent notices to around 35 builders and land owners in Mumbai in the last seven months for failing to surrender flats meant for public housing to the state government.Official sources said the state government is still to recover 1,284 tenements from various city builders under the Urban Land (Ceiling and Regulation) Act (Ulcra), which was scrapped four years ago. With many of the builders having already sold these tenements illegally, the government has now asked them to pay money instead at the market rate at which the flats were sold.TOI has learnt that over three dozen notices were issued since last June, but many developers challenged them on the grounds that their land was already exempted under the Act several years ago. \"We have filed FIRs against such builders,\" said an official in the additional collector's office.The Centre implemented Ulcra in 1976 to ensure equitable distribution of land in urban areas. The additional aim was to prevent a handful of well-endowed people from hoarding land and artificially controlling prices. But over the years, it led to massive corruption and the government was barely able to recover much land for public housing.In 30 years, the state government received just 2,426 flats in Mumbai from builders. Many politicians allotted these flats to their cronies and favoured ones.Under Section 20 of Ulcra, developers could get their lands exempted if they handed over 5% of the flats to the government for public housing. An individual could hold land not more than 500 sq m in size and the remaining had to be surrendered to the government for public housing. But the state acquired only 262 acres of excess vacant land in the city over three decades. On the other hand, it granted exemptions for an astonishing 1,851 acres of excess land.A state urban development department official said barely 30 houses are in the government's possession in the entire Mumbai agglomeration. \"We took a decision to speed up the process to recover more tenements from builders whose lands were exempted on the condition that they would hand over these flats to us,\" he said.Sources said there were 470 housing schemes in Mumbai under Ulcra. Of these, 129 are still incomplete.Paras Gundecha, president of Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry, said the body does not support builders who have to surrender flats to the government. \"However, it is distressing that the ULC department still hounds developers, asking them to pay charges for vacant land despite the Act being repealed several years ago,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460408", "title": "Man tries to steal ST bus", "text": "NASHIK: Panchavati police have arrested a 35-year-old person who attempted to steal a bus from the state transport bus depot. Taking advantage of the lax security at the depot, the accused Gokul Sahane (35), who is a resident of Dahava Mail, drove away in the bus till Indiranagar and even carried passengers before he was held. Further investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11456909", "title": "Rajasthan students shine in CAT results", "text": "JAIPUR: Engineering students in the state turned out to be 'dabangg' in cracking CAT exam, the results of which were announced on Wednesday. Over 10 students from Birla Institute of Technology, Pilani has made into the elite league of 99.90 plus club. Many others in this club were products from MNIT and LMNIIT in Jaipur.This year too, a 21-year-old BITSian, Aman Gupta, scored the highest 99.96 percentile in one of the toughest entrance tests in the country. He is currently in Bangalore for his six months internship. \"The intense training at BITS helped in attaining good score in CAT exam,\" said an elated Gupta from Bangalore.The BITSian was followed by an LMNITian (Laxmi Mittal National Institute of Technology) Himanshu Gupta, who scored 99.92 percentile. He, too, is heading towards IIM-Ahmedabad.\"I don't think there is much difference between management and engineering as both are governed by formulas. I am looking forward to get into any of the IIMs,\" said an elated Himanshu. He attributed success to the theoretical and practical training received at respective institutes, besides training at a coaching institute.Vinay Modi, director of a coaching institute said: \"Good performance by engineering graduates over the years show the changing demands of recruiters.\" He pointed out that the basic difference between engineering grads and non-engineering grads is that the former is focused on mock tests while the latter cram the syllabus.This year, approximately 2 lakh students appeared in CAT. Out of them, 9000 were from Rajasthan. Information collected from different coaching centres and select educational institutes suggest that over 30 engineering students have got calls from IIM-Ahmedabad.Of the 13 IIMs, the list of successful candidates by Ahmedabad was released in the afternoon on Wednesday. The other IIMs will release it in the coming days. IIM-A has given a weightage of 70% to the CAT score and 30% to application rating score for drawing up its shortlist.The application rating score comprises of Class X, XII and graduation percentage along with work experience. While cutoffs for this year have not been disclosed so far, from last year's trend it is likely to have been 95%+ in each section and at least 20 in application rating (out of 30).Some students who did well in the mock exams and were confident of a better show were depressed after their \"dismal\" showing in the CAT results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11454447", "title": "55 held for beating up Dalit woman", "text": "PUNE: Dalit organisations in Satara claimed on Wednesday that a 42-year-old woman was stripped and paraded naked at Mulgaon in Paithan taluka on Tuesday. However, superintendent of police KMM Prasanna said that investigations have revealed that the woman was not stripped or paraded naked.Prasanna told TOI that a scuffle took place between two groups, following which the woman was beaten up. She has been admitted to a hospital in Karad.\"The woman claimed that atrocities were committed on her. However, two of her relatives have given statements saying that she was not stripped or paraded naked,\" Prasanna said.According to the police, the victim's son is believed to have eloped with an upper caste girl recently. The girl is a minor and her family was opposed to the match.When the boy's mother went to fetch water on Tuesday, she was beaten up allegedly by the girl's family. The woman is out of danger now. The administration is monitoring the situation, the police added.\"We have arrested five people on charges of committing atrocities, rioting and molestation,\" Prasanna said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11455734", "title": "Barricades along suburban roads to prevent mishaps", "text": "CHENNAI: Fewer commuters are likely to dissolve into white-knuckled fear as autorickshaws and buses they travel in careen wildly through accident-prone areas in the suburbs.The state highways department has started to put up steel railings, of the kind normally found on tricky stretches on inter-city freeways, on both sides of accident-prone stretches of roads it maintains in localities on the outskirts of the city. The road division of the department has started work on a stretch of Pallavaram-Thoraipakkam Road on which accidents occur frequently. The 200-foot-wide road along which railings will be erected will serve as a model for the project. The department has erected steel railings along 1,000 metres between Kovilambakkam and Pallikaranai.\"We selected these two points due to the presence of the lakes near the Kovilambakkam junction. The stretch is used by thousands of motorists every day,\" a state highway officialsaid.Police say they have found mishaps in such sections are usually caused by drivers misjudging width of the road. State highways officials said they realised that it was crucial to put up barriers in suburbs as accidents had been rising along these stretches.A highways official said: \"We believe the railings will increase road safety.\" The department will also relay the damaged sections of the road and construct a median. Steel barriers have so far been limited to stretches along national highways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "11458349", "title": "IBM wins most patents 19th year in a row", "text": "NEW YORK: International Business Machines Corp won a record number of US patents in 2011, its 19th straight year on top, as some Asian competitors advanced in the rankings at the expense of Microsoft Corp and Intel Corp.IBM, the world's biggest computer-services provider, gained 6,180 patents last year, researcher IFI Claims Patent Services said in a statement. Samsung Electronics Co was second, its growth outpacing IBM, and Canon Inc. replaced Microsoft as third. Panasonic Corp moved up to No. 4 and Toshiba Corp advanced to fifth spot.A patent portfolio spanning from computer memory to online shopping provides Armonk, New York-based IBM with licensing revenue and protection against intellectual-property infringement lawsuits. That means IBM is spending less time in courts than competitors, Manny Schecter, IBM's chief patent counsel, said in an interview before the numbers were released.\"Everyone knows that if they attempt to bring their patent portfolio against us that they will be met with an equal and opposite force -- and it will be formidable,\" Schecter said.IBM also uses its patents to affect trends in technology: If it wishes to promote certain standards, it may tell other companies it won't sue anyone innovating in that area even if its patents are infringed. So far, the strategy has attracted clients for consulting on intellectual property management and requests to testify before Congress, Schecter said.Asian surge Still, IBM's reign may be threatened in coming years by Asian rivals, IFI said. Samsung's 8 per cent growth in patents outpaced IBM's 5 per cent, and in the number of patent applications Samsung has eclipsed IBM for two years, the researcher said. Patent applications are an indication of future patent grants, IFI said.\"IBM seems to have a successful strategy that keeps them in a very prominent position,\" Mike Baycroft, IFI chief executive officer, said in an interview. \"It may not last. As the Asians file more and more, especially large companies like Samsung, there is a possibility that they will take over that No. 1 position.\"Samsung, based in Suwon, South Korea, gained 4,894 patents last year, while Canon won 2,821. Microsoft dropped to sixth place in the rankings, while Intel fell to 16th from eighth. There were eight Asian and two US companies in the top 10.In all, the US issued a record 224,505 patents in 2011, up 2 per cent from 2010, Madison, Connecticut-based IFI said.Perforating machine Patents are part of IBM Chief Executive Officer Virginia \"Ginni\" Rometty's strategy as the company seeks to expand in areas such as emerging markets, cloud computing and analytics. Rometty, the first woman at the helm in IBM's 100-year history, took over from Sam Palmisano January 1 and tries to meet a goal of adding $20 billion in new revenue between 2010 and 2015. Analysts on average estimate IBM will report $107.2 billion in sales for 2011.The company invests about $6 billion in research and development each year, and makes about $1 billion in licensing revenue, said Chris Andrews , a spokesman. IBM has a 250-person team managing its patents, and it provides training for more than 8,000 inventors. They record about 20,000 breakthroughs annually, and only some are submitted for patents.IBM rose 0.6 per cent to $182.32 at the close in New York . The stock reached a record in 2011 and advanced 25 per cent for the year.IBM won its first patent for a perforating machine on July 25, 1911. Since then, the company's inventors have received more than 70,000 patents, 34,000 of which are active, Andrews said. The company patented DRAM cells, which became the standard for computer memory, in 1968. There are also non-computer inventions, like a laser technique that went on to become the foundation for LASIK eye surgery.* The Top 10 US Patent Winners of 2011: IBM: 6,180, Samsung: 4,894, Canon Inc: 2,821, Panasonic Corp: 2,559, Toshiba Corp: 2,483, Microsoft Corp: 2,311, Sony Corp: 2,286, Seiko Epson Corp: 1,533, Hon Hai Precision: 1,514, Hitachi Ltd: 1,465", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11455252", "title": "New allies joust over 10-13 seats", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the landmark agreement between the Congress and the NCP over seat-sharing for the ensuing civic polls, there appears to be a dispute over a dozen contentious seats. According to reports, the number of disputed seats stands between 10 and 13.Both Mumbai Congress president Kripa Shankar Singh and industries minister Sachin Ahir admitted that there were certain seats over which there was a dispute. \"Compared to our agreement, it is not a serious matter. We will resolve it amicably, much before the date of filing the nomination papers,\" Ahir told TOI.Singh too endorsed the views expressed by Ahir, saying after the historic alliance, dispute over sharing of seats was not of much significance. \"In our opinion, since we have successfully agreed to contest the polls jointly, the row over seats will be resolved in a day or two,'' he said.Singh and Ahir, along with public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal , had marathon deliberations on the exact sharing of constituencies and disputed seats. \"We feel that there will be exchange of seats in two to three wards and it should not be difficult,\" Singh said.Well over two months ago, senior leaders of both Congress and NCP had launched an exercise to identify nominees for the civic polls, with the assumption that the two parties will contest the polls jointly. Recently, chief minister Chavan had prolonged deliberations with the Congress cabinet members on candidates and the seats.Ahir and Singh said the outcome of the civic polls will have a bearing on the 2014 assembly and Lok sabha elections. -", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "gnk college", "code": "11456329", "title": "Khalsa girls win inter-college tourney", "text": "GNK COLLEGE: It was a proud moment for Guru Nanak Khalsa (GNK) College, Gujjarkhan Campus, when their college team won the inter-college powerlifting and weightlifting championship that was held at Punjab University recently.The girls won three gold medals, one silver and one bronze in the competition and secured 17 points. Mamta Rani, Manjot Kaur, Rajinder Kaur and Anu Rani won medals while three girls from the college have been selected for inter-university weightlifting camp that would be held soon.One of the gold medallists, Mamta, 21, said she won gold medal in both powerlifting and weightlifting competitions. She had participated in 69 kilograms weight category in weightlifting and 67 kilograms in powerlifting. She said it was a great moment for her to win two medals for the college.Resident of Model Town said for the last four years, she has been practicing hard and is now focusing on the university camp so that she could be selected for the All Inter university competition. A student of postgraduate diploma in mass communication in the college, Mamta said her aim is to represent the country at an international level. Her role model is former international weightlifters, Karnam Malleshwari.Another gold medallist, Manjot Kaur Dhillon, 23, said after this win, her morale is up and along with a gold medal in powerlifting in 60 kilograms weight category, she has also won a silver medal in weightlifting in 63 kilograms category.Resident of Chamedi village, Manjot said she was practicing power lifting but on the advice of her coach, started practicing weightlifting too six months ago and was successful. Student of graduation, Manjot is now focusing on All India inter-university weightlifting and powerlifting competition. Rajinder Kaur, 21, is also happy with her gold medal in powerlifting in 48 kilograms weight category. She is now eyeing more laurels to her institution.All players are performing under the supervision of coach Amarjeet Singh, who is satisfied with the performance of his trainees. \"They all have perfect fitness levels for the game and are working hard for the goal,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11455201", "title": "Probe into fake ration card issued in Sonia\u2019s name", "text": "THANE: The rationing department has initiated a probe into the fake ration card issued in the name of Congress president Sonia Gandhi and enlisting Rahul and Priyanka as her two children.A day after TOI reported about the bogus ration card, the Ulhasnagar rationing department on Wednesday collected it from Ulhasnagar Bachao Abhiyan activists Prem Jha and Praveen Pandey.Jha and Pandey were returning from the Ulhasnagar Municipal Corporation office when they spotted the ration card lying in the parking lot.\"Preliminary probe shows that the card is bogus and was made outside the rationing office,\" said Mohan Jadhav, rationing officer from Ulhasnagar. Ulhasnagar municipal commissioner Ashok Rankhambh has forwarded Jha's letter to the state election commission requesting that the ration card not be accepted as an identity proof.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11455821", "title": "IIMs don\u2019t appeal to Gujarat\u2019s CAT topper", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As students across the country are crossing their fingers to get into one of the IIMs, Gujarat's top scorer in the Common Admission Test (CAT) this year, Vipul Tyagi, does not intend to study in any of these coveted institutes. In fact the 23 year-old appeared in the valued Common Admission Test (CAT) to prove to students in the state that it does not take a topper to get into the IIMs.With a score in the 99.87th percentile, the Vadodara resident was shortlisted for interviews at several IIMs and other institutes. None however tempted Tyagi enough. \"I have been shortlisted for IIM-Kozhikode, IIM-Calcutta and others institutes till now. I believe I will be shortlisted for the other institutes as well,\" said Tyagi. \"However, I have no plans to appear for any of these interviews.\"Soon after completing his bachelors degree in engineering in 2009, Tyagi took CAT-2009. Tyagi scored in the 99.14th percentile. However his sectional score in verbal ability was low at 66 percentile and he was not called by the IIMs. \"So I went ahead and became an entrepreneur training students for entrance examinations.\"Tyagi saw that there is a need to boost students' confidence and decided to appear in CAT-2011 to prove to students that they can do it. \"Many students think that they are not brilliant and those at IIMs are only students who always stood first in their classes. So I decided to take this step to try and play my part and prove to the students that they must believe in themselves.\"Performance of the state's students in CAT has dipped this year. While three students form the state were in the 99.99th percentile in last year, the highest for any candidate in the state this year was 99.87.Tech snag at IIM-AA technical snag at the country's top-ranking institute left top scorers high and dry on the day of CAT results. Students who scored higher than in the 99 percentile kept checking the list of shortlisted candidates for IIM-Ahmedabad in vain.About the snag with the institute's server a faculty member said, \"The technical experts are working on the institute's servers. In fact even we cannot access our email.\" A student from Ahmedabad Harsh Vora who scored 99.78 said, \"I have already been shortlisted for IIM- Kozhikode. I have been trying to access the IIM-A list since the afternoon but can't.\" Another 99.93 percentile scorer, Shrey Sahay said, \"I am eager to see the IIM-A shortlist but the site is not responding.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11456211", "title": "Young scientost to be feted at Holkar College seminar", "text": "INDORE: The three-day national seminar on recent trends in chemical and biological sciences organised by the Holkar Science College will begin here on Friday, January 13.The college will award young scientists doing excellent work in the field of research and development.The seminar will be chaired by higher education minister Lakshmikant Sharma and state health minister Mahendra Hardia.College principal Dr S L Garg informed that former President Dr APJ Abul Kalam has cancelled hi visit to the college. However, Dr. Kalam has promised to deliver a lecture to the students in the coming months.The purpose of the seminar is to spread awareness about advanced researches in the field of chemical and biological sciences.The seminar will see participation from more than 700 researchers from different parts of the country. The international seminar is organised to encourage and award young scientists working in the field of research and development.The decision to award scientists with the Dr M S Deshpande memorial honour was taken when former president of nuclear energy commission Dr Anil Kakodkar visited the city on the 120th anniversary of the college. The award will be given every year starting from 2012.The college had called for entries of best research papers from professors and scientists across the country nearly six months back.The winners of best research papers will be awarded with cash prize of Rs 21,000 and certificate for participation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "11455762", "title": "Tension in south TN after murder of dalit leader", "text": "TUTICORIN: Tension remained in a few southern districts a day after the murder of Devendra Kula Vellalar Kuttamaippu leader Pasupathi Pandian in Dindigul district on Tuesday. The violence that began soon after news spread about the dalit leader's killing continued in Dindigul, where he lived, his native Tuticorin district and in Madurai and Tirunelveli.This is the second instance of a violent flare-up in the south with shades of caste tension in recent months. Paramakudi in Tuticorin district was also rocked by violence after police opened fire to quell protests by dalits. The region remained tense for several days after the incident in which six dalits were killed.Initial investigations indicate a fall-out over gang rivalry to be the cause of Pandian's murder, but the police are not ruling out the caste factor either. Violence broke out during the funeral procession in Dindigul, with Pandian's sympathizers pelting stones at shops and commercial establishments along the route. Schools remained shut in several parts of the district.While the police rounded up several miscreants indulging in violence, those behind the murder have not yet been apprehended. Dindigul superintendent of police T Jayachandran was hopeful. \"We have found some clues to track the assailants,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11454912", "title": "Govt gets projects worth Rs 1K crore", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government received two investment proposals, amounting to Rs 1,050 crore, on the third day of Bengal Leads 2012.\"Techno India plans to invest around Rs 1,000 crore for a food and bio-tech park and Bata India plans to invest Rs 50 crore to modernize its plant and set up 15 big outlets,\" commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee said on Wednesday. \"We have started working on the project and hope to complete the first phase within two years,\" Techno India Group MD Satyam Roy Chowdhury said. The company has directly acquired 25 acres in Joka.Bata India MD Rajeev Gopalakrishnan also met the minister and explained their plans to modernize the plant. Chatterjee said that an oil major is keen to explore the possibility of setting up a refinery in Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11454790", "title": "Presidency gets UGC green light for funds", "text": "KOLKATA: Assistance from central funding agencies to the new Presidency University will come easy now as the new university has been recognised as a state university under the University Grants Commission (UGC) Act.The inclusion of the university under Section 12(B) of the UGC Act 1956, was crucial for getting the central funds. Presidency as a premier institution had the 12(B) approval when it was a college. Accordingly, central organisations like the UGC, Council for Scientific and Industrial Research ( CSIR) and Department of Science and Technology (DST) had released grants worth Rs 4.68 crore during the last two fiscals to keep the projects afloat in the college. The funds stopped after the college became a university and thatdidn't get the recognition for the last one year.Section 12(B) of the UGC Act stipulates that a university would be eligible for central funds only when the UGC declares it \"fit for receiving such grant\". Till the other day, the UGC had recognised Presidency University under Section 2(F) of the Act, but the \"fit declaration\" was pending.Presidency University had applied made the application for 12(B) recognition months ago. Sources say that former vice-chancellor Amita Chatterjee had been following up the matter with education minister Bratya Basu and the UGC, to get central grants for Presidency. Things turned for the worse after the Centre stopped funding the ongoing research projects in science that the college had been getting till it became a university. Stipend for physically challenged students was also stopped. and also the stipend for the handicapped students.\"The recognition has come recently. We needed it to get support from the central funding agencies for our research activities, particularly in science. There are state universities that are awaiting the UGC recognition as yet,\" said Presidency University vice-chancellor Malabika Sarkar.Sarkar pointed out that the recognition was granted to the university after a UGC visiting team from Delhi came to the university and inspected all the departments, checked the faculty strength and infrastructure in place. \"I am waiting for the UGC letter and will call a meeting of the heads of departments so that they can submit research proposals in consultation with their teacher colleagues that will be sent to the UGC for funding,\" the vice-chancellor said.Former Presidency College principal Sanjib Ghosh felt feels assured with the development. \"This will put an end to the prevailing uncertainty over the ongoing research projects. The new university can now apply to the UGC seeking funds for buying modern equipment or upgrading the laboratories and also fetch funds for space expansion. I believe that the central funding agencies will grant much more funds than what thatthey did when Presidency was a college. This will enable the university to get matching grants from the state as well,\" said Ghosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "11455692", "title": "Fishermen go into sea with fear of backlash", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Fishermen from Rameswaram ventured into the sea amidst fear on Wednesday after Thirukumaran Natesan, husband of Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa's niece Nirupama Rajapaksa, was attacked by a few Tamil outfits here on Tuesday.Natesan was at Rameswaram and offering pooja from a house of the priest in Rameswaram when cadres belonging to the MDMK and Naam Tamizhar Movement surrounded the house and allegedly attacked him. Fishermen associations strongly condemned the attack and disassociated themselves from the incident after their emergency meeting held on Tuesday. Under these circumstances, about 150 boats ventured into the sea for fishing on Wednesday, although 441 tokens were collected from the fisheries department.N J Bose, general secretary of Tamil Nadu Mechanised Boats Association said that fishermen were reluctant to go into the sea, as they feared a backlash from the Sri Lankan Navy after the incident. Several associations have warned fishermen not to venture into the Sri Lankan waters fearing their safety.Assistant director of fisheries, Veeran said that they have issued 441 tokens for fishing and not many fishermen went into the sea. \"They were strictly warned not to venture into Sri Lankan waters under any circumstances,\" he said. The navy and the coast guard have also advised fishermen the same, he added.Indian Coast Guard Commandant in Mandapam, Swaroop said not many boats were seen going into the sea and the coast guard was asked to keep a close vigil on maritime border to prevent fishermen straying into Sri Lankan waters, he stated.Fishermen, who often go into the Sri Lankan waters lured by the catch expressed their fears that such kind of incidents will invite the wrath of the island nation's navy. With the marine wealth eroded in Indian waters due to the use of banned nets, fishermen have no option but to go into Sri Lankan waters for the catch, one fisherman commented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11455977", "title": "Conmen make merry with stolen bank cards", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two Amdavadis in separate incidents fell victim to conmen who shopped and withdrew cash from ATMs using their credit and debit cards.Dinesh Virat, an Adalaj resident, lodged a plaint with Vastrapur police station against an autorickshaw driver who he has accused of siphoning off Rs 1.8 lakh from his bank accounts using his ATM cards.Virat told police that four days back he had boarded a sharing auto near Adalaj. \"When the auto reached GNFC tower on S G Highway, the driver asked Virat to get down just before a bridge stating that the vehicle's engine is weak and won't be able to carry two men up the bridge. Virat walked down the bridge and boarded the rickshaw again. However, he later realized that his ATM cards in the bag were missing,\" said a Vastrapur police official.Officials said Virat had written the secret PIN needed for ATM transactions on the back of each card. \"The driver must have in the last four days withdrawn cash from different ATMs as getting the secret number was not a problem. We suspect that a person sitting in the auto before Virat boarded might also be in on the crime. We are collecting CCTV footage from ATMs where cash was withdrawn to find out the culprit,\" said an official.In another case, Satellite-resident Bhavin Shah lodg-ed a plaint of misuse of his credit card. Shah told police that on December 31 he received an SMS from his bank saying that he had made purchase of Rs 18,630. As he had made no such purchase he rus-hed to the bank and found that garments for the amount were purchased online using his credit card. \"Shah suspects someone has hacked into his computer and taken his passwords to shop online. We have registered the complaint and are taking details of the place of delivery for the purchase made through Shah's card,\" said a Satellite police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11455272", "title": "Trinidad PM reads a page from Hooghly history", "text": "KOLKATA: The banks of the Hooghly are dotted with memorials and monuments that do not just collectively capture and reflect the rich historical milieu or the role the region has played in it but, sometimes more poignantly, they have a captivating story to tell. A small memorial behind security manned Gate No. 8 at Garden Reach and beside the jetty beyond came alive on Wednesday as Kamla Persad Bissessar travelled in time.To events that took place more than 150 years ago.The prime minister of Trinidad &amp; Tobago, on a 10-day visit to India to promote business opportunities and other bilateral interests, took a day out to trace her roots. It started with a visit to her ancestral village at Buxar in Bihar (\"I was overwhelmed to find some 100,000 people welcoming me\") and ended with a launch ride to the spot from where thousands sailed out between 1934 and 1920 for distant lands. Many of them, like Bissessar's ancestors, to Trinidad &amp; Tobago.She offered flowers at the memorial and planted a sapling to mark her visit, but it was the words that revealed her and, perhaps, the sentiments of millions of 'people of Indian origin' the world over.\"As I was approaching the jetty I was thinking of those that were leaving 166 years ago, those that left this land with very heavy hearts, not knowing where they were going or what would become of them, leaving their loved ones behind,\" she said in response to a question soon after her speech. They left with that sadness but also with hope. Here I was coming back with great joy and I am thinking what an opposite it is (to those situations). But we must thank those who were so brave, who sacrificed so that we can be persons of Indian origin contributing to the building of another nation. I could see them walking down that jetty. They must have been crying, they were leaving people behind,\" she continued. Then, almost as if she was reassuring herself, the prime minister added a touch of the moving-on flavour: \"I guess change cannot happen, development cannot happen if things remain the same, if all is static,\" she reminded.\"You do not get anything good in life without some pain and sacrifice. Those ancient ancestors sacrificed for us. \"Someone told me that many of those who came to see off those people actually stayed back and settled here in Kolkata,\" she added before the voice betrayed an ever-so-brief moment of emotion as she said: \"I was thinking of my father and grandfather, and wishing that they were holding my hand as I came up the jetty.\"In the wintry dusk on the banks of the river, with the cold enveloping the small gathering into a sense of closeness, the words invited the echoes from the past. 1834 wasn't that far back anymore!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460443", "title": "20% boost for annual area plan", "text": "NASHIK: The annual development plan of Nashik district has been increased to Rs 240 crore for the financial year 2012-13 as against Rs 200 crore for the current financial, an increase of 20 per cent.The decision was taken at a meeting on annual development plans of all five districts in Nashik division held on Friday by deputy chief minister and finance minster Ajit Pawar. Tribal development minister Babanrao Pachpute, Nashik's guardian minister and PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal , along with senior officials from revenue and finance departments were present at the meeting.Pawar gave an in-principle approval to the annual plan of Rs 240 crore for Nashik district. The formal approval to the district development plan is to be given after the conclusion of the code of conduct, sources said.The Rs 240 crore annual development plan includes a provision of Rs 40 crore for road development work, Rs 24 crore for minor irrigation work, Rs 18 crore for tourism development and Rs 6 crore for anganwadi development.Ajit Pawar, according to sources, said at the meeting that it was difficult to give more funds to all divisions in the state as it would affect the exchequer. He pointed out that the government's revenue from stamp duty has already declined by Rs 2,000 crore.Earlier, during the meeting, the finance minister had approved only Rs 205 crore for Nashik district. But guardian minister Bhujbal urged him to give more funds saying that apart from cities, villages were also increasing and the fund approved was inadequate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11456934", "title": "Stingers to be part of US chopper deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: With India moving towards ordering 22 heavy-duty American attack helicopters, the US is also offering the air-to-air version of its famous Stinger missiles as part of the weapons package for the choppers.While IAF has selected Boeing's AH-64D Apache Longbow over the Mil Moscow Helicopter Plant's Mi-28 Havoc attack helicopter in technical trials, the deal is yet to be finally tied up.But the US defence security cooperation agency (DSCA) has already noti- fied the US Congress about the impending $1.4 billion contract for the Apaches with India, as reported by TOI earlier.US armament major Raytheon on Wednesday said that the Stinger missiles will be part of the weapons package. \"The Stingers can also be integrated on other Indian helicopters if India wants,\" a Raytheon official said.Incidentally, the ground-to-air version of the Stinger missile is widely credited for the crippling depletion of the Russian helicopter fleet in Afghanistan in the 1980s, and was also used by Pakistani troops to bring down an IAF Mi-17 helicopter during the Kargil war in 1999.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11457116", "title": "Mayawati draped, govt closes all parks", "text": "LUCKNOW: With cardboard shielding chief minister Mayawati's statues from public gaze and yellow tarpaulin draping the elephants, the government took the unusual step of closing down the city's memorials and parks altogether. The Election Commission on Saturday ordered covering up of Maya's statues and that of her party symbol, the elephant, at the city's parks till the polls were over to ensure BSP does not have an edge over other parties in publicity.Wednesday was the deadline to complete the cover-up operation. But the government decided to not just stop with the cover-up exercise. \"The ECI had ordered draping of statues, we decided to close down the parks completely,\" Lucknow DM Anil Kumar Sagar told TOI.Chief Electoral Officer Umesh Sinha, when contacted, said: \"We will talk to the Election Commission of India about this tomorrow (Thursday) and see what it has to say.\" On Wednesday, when TOI visited the parks, the reporters weren't allowed entry, with the guards saying the parks were closed to public.There are nine such parks in the city dedicated to Dalit icons and built at an estimated cost of Rs 3,500 crore. It was only in October last year that all the parks were thrown open to the public.On Wednesday, the government made no formal announcement about the closure of parks. Initially, it appeared that the parks were closed due to the chaos caused by the presence of labourers and staff, as they were required to drape statues. But that obviously was not the case, though no one was venturing an explanation.The security supervisors at Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar Samajik Parivartan sthal, Gomtinagar, merely informed that all the parks have been closed down till the polls are over. The staff said, they have been told that it's a direction by the EC. However, EC officials denied there were any such directions. The public entry has only been barred in parks that allow ticket-based entry.The premises like Smriti Upvan were open to the public, though journalists were not allowed inside. The government, after covering all the statues, submitted its status report to the Election Commission of India. However, while the statues of Mayawati have been covered at all places with ply-boards, elephants at some of the places were not covered till late Wednesday evening.EC had given a deadline of 5 pm on Wednesday to cover all the statues. The statues of elephants atop pillars were left uncovered at every memorial and park. At Kanshiram Smarak, Jail Road, elephants on fountains were also not covered till late in the evening. The giant jumbos were covered with yellow tarpaulin everywhere.The Manyavar Kanshiram Ji Green Eco Garden at VIP Road, Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar Samajik Parivartan Sthal, Gomtinagar and Smriti Upvan, ashiana, presented a similar picture where elephants on pillars and fountains were not covered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11461050", "title": "Asif Ali Zardari leaves for Dubai amidst crisis in Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari on Thursday departed on a one-day private visit to Dubai amidst a standoff between the civilian government and the powerful military on the memo scandal.News of Zardari's departure was flashed this afternoon by TV news channels. There was no immediate word on the visit from the presidency.Sources told PTI that Zardari was expected to attend a wedding in Dubai, where he has a private residence.Several senior government officials are also expected to attend the same wedding.This is Zardari's second visit to Dubai since the memo issue triggered a confrontation between the government and the military.He travelled to Dubai on December 6 and remained there for nearly a fortnight for treatment of a heart condition.That trip had triggered rampant speculation that Zardari was under pressure from the military to step down.Since then, Zardari has made it clear that he has no intention of quitting as president.The current political crisis began when Pakistani- American businessman Mansoor Ijaz made public an alleged memo that sought US help to prevent a military coup after the killing of Osama bin Laden in Pakistan in May last year.The government has dismissed the memo as a \"piece of paper\" and said the president and prime minister played no role in drafting or delivering it to former US military chief Admiral Mike Mullen .The army and ISI chiefs urged the Supreme Court to order an investigation into the scandal. The apex court formed a three-judge commission to investigate the memo issue and submit its findings in four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11455864", "title": "Mumbai Marathon: Harsher sanctions for marathon offenders", "text": "MUMBAI: The organisers of the Standard Chartered Mumbai Marathon had to face an embarrassing situation in the last edition of the race when two Indian women runners - Waheda Khan and Vidya Mehta - were disqualified after being initially declared as winner and runner-up, respectively.To add to the drama, the above-mentioned athletes' chips had not registered an entry after the 24.2-km mark and the 'CheatingGate' was confirmed only after protests lodged by fellow runners Jyoti Gawate and Shastri Devi. While Gawate (3:05.30) was declared the winner, Devi (3:08.15) came second among Indians.Interestingly, the chip detectors were present every 100 metres on the marathon route.With the ninth edition of the SCMM, to be run this Sunday, being accorded national status by the Athletics Federation of India (AFI) and the timings eligible for Olympic qualification, there's a fair chance of athletes resorting to cheating if harsher penalties are not in place.The organisers have taken note of the scenario and are likely to enforce larger sanctions against cheaters. Besides disqualification, they may even suspend the culprits from subsequent races. \"We can't stop people from cheating but we can find the cheaters and that's what we proved last year too. If people still do it, we will not only disqualify them but also suspend them from participating in our events,\" race director Hugh Jones told TOI on Wednesday.With AFI being part of the event, Jones said offenders might even be barred from competing in national tournaments. Of late, AFI has become more alert about offenders after six women quarter-milers - Ashwini Akkunji, Mandeep Kaur, Sini Jose, Juana Murmu, Priyanka Panwar and Tiana Mary Thomas - were banned for a year following intake of banned drugs.\"We have spoken about it with AFI, who too have agreed that in such cases they will suspend the athletes, as this only brings bad name to the country. Though we haven't ascertained upon the period of suspension, the minimum will be for one year,\" Jones added.The 56-year-old further stressed that current technology was adequate to nail the culprits. \"The technology is there and we know the split times of each participant. Last year we were a bit slow in checking the data but this year there'll be vigorous checks in place,\" the Briton said.In their defense, Khan and Mehta had last year alleged that the route was confusing, which resulted in the duo missing a turn between the Bandra fire station and Worli Sea Link toll bridge. With the route changed, Jones said there was \"zero per cent\" chance of such a situation. \"I don't agree that the route was confusing as everyone had been given a map. It shocks me to know that people, after being given all the information, say this. With the route pretty straight this time I don't see that excuse coming.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11453837", "title": "Citizens nab chain-snatcher at Swargate", "text": "PUNE: Alert citizens foiled an attempt of chain snatching and nabbed a minor after a brief chase in the Swargate area, with the police later arresting his accomplice from the Gultekdi area on Tuesday.The accomplice was identified as Rajendra Balasaheb Shilimkar (20) of Balajiangar. The Swargate police recovered the snatched gold chain worth Rs 62,500 from the minor. Kusum Dattatreya Vedpathak (57) of Sandesh society, Salisbury Park, has lodged a complaint in this regard with the Swargate police station.Meanwhile, police commissioner Meeran Chadha Borwankar on Wednesday felicitated Nikhil Sonawane, Amogh Basarghekar, Satish Kale and Deepak Jainjale for helping the police nab the chain snatcher.Senior police inspector of the Swargate police station Ram Pathare said that on Tuesday evening, Vedpathak was walking towards her house in Salisbury Park, when the two suspects came on a motorcycle. The minor got off the vehicle and snatched the chain. She immediately raised an alarm and the four youths - Sonawane, Basarghekar, Kale and Jainjale - started chasing the suspects. They managed to nab the minor, while the accomplice escaped on the motorcycle. \"They also recovered Vedpathak's gold chain from the minor.\"He said police inspector Suryakant Kamble, who was patrolling the area, rushed to the spot after receiving information about the incident. \"Kamble detained the minor. During questioning, he revealed the name of the youth with him.\"Pathare said a police team led by inspector Kamble nabbed Shilimkar after a brief chase in Gultekdi. Investigations have revealed that the duo used to snatch the chains and use the money for fun activities.\"The minor has been sent to a remand home, while Shilimkar is in police custody. We are investigating,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11461252", "title": "Sify starts Mumbai undersea cable landing station", "text": "MUMBAI: Sify Technologies commissioned its Mumbai undersea cable landing station.\"This connectivity will open a larger market for our managed enterprise and data centre services in the Middle Eastern (West Asian) market,\" Sify Technologies Managing Director and Chief Executive Raju Vegesna said here.Sify also signed a landing party agreement with MENA Submarine Cable System, an Egyptian telecom operator whose services span Europe, Africa and Asia.\"By partnering with Sify Technologies, we believe MENA will be able to connect India to Europe with its express fibre link to serve the growing demand of the Indian market,\" MENA Submarine Managing Director Ahmed Khalaf said.With a capacity of up to 10 terabits per second on certain cable sections, this system is designed to accommodate the rapid growth in voice and rich media traffic originating from and terminating in West Asia as well as the African and European markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11455145", "title": "Realty firms home in on deals worth Rs 650 crore", "text": "MUMBAI: Realty major Housing Development and Infrastructure Limited (HDIL) is said to be in advanced stages to sell 7,547 sq m or roughly 2 acres of land located next to the proposed Metro car shed at Versova, Andheri (W).The deal (land plus development rights) is estimated to be over Rs 300 crore. The buyer is reportedly another major real estate developer.The land is part of an 8,000 sq m plot, where HDIL is constructing a residential building. However, Sarang Wadhawan, managing director of HDIL, was unavailable for comment.In another development, real estate company Sunteck Realty is close to signing an agreement with a private owner for the purchase of 10 acres at Goregaon (E) for approximately Rs 350 crore.The owner of the land is a low-profile businessman specializing in construction of industrial sheds. The plot is located close to the railway crossing between Jogeshwari and Goregaon. According to sources, a portion of the land is vacant while there are cattle sheds on another part. Following the increase in suburban floor space index (FSI), the developer can avail an FSI of 2.75 on the plot.Kamal Khetan, chairman of Sunteck, did not comment on the deal in the offing.Property experts say the transaction indicates that land prices are still high. \"While there is no comparison between the locations of the two plots, prices are still high,\" said a realty analyst.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11460551", "title": "\u2018It is not possible for anyone to give 100% ... there is lack of coordination among depts\u2019", "text": "From a demure housewife to the First Citizen, Mayor Naina Gholap has come a long way. As the city gets ready for civic polls, Naina admits to TOI her failures, aspirations and belief that she will be able to meet people's expectations if the Sena-BJP combine is elected to power again.For Mayor Naina Gholap, it has been a long journey during the two-and-a-half years she has been ruling the Nashik Municipal Corporation. Branded as being a puppet, functioning under her father and seasoned politician Baban Gholap, and also influenced by the political bigwigs of her party, the mayor has taken everything in her stride. Naina admits that she has not been able to fulfill all promises because of lack of time and mammoth responsibilities.She also says that being a learner, she had never shied away from admitting that initially, she was unaware of many things. Till date, she is the same housewife cooking for her husband and attending to her children at home, but when it comes to matters of office, she assumes a contrasting role. Naina shared with TOI her projects and her role as the First Citizen of Nashik, assuring to fulfill all promises. For someone who was written off as soon as she was elected, this chair was a major challenge and by contesting elections this time, she hopes to meet her people's expectations.Are you satisfied with the things that have been achieved during your tenure?I have done whatever work I could do in the short span of two-and-a-half years. Many projects have been lined up. As a mayor, one is responsible for the entire city and not just for one's ward. I admit that my ward got a bit neglected because of my responsibility as a mayor but I was born here and the people are like my family, so they have understood my problem and have supported me wholeheartedly. Since the past 15-20 years, the city did not have a mayor from Nashik Road. It is because of all the love and blessings of the people here that I was able to take the post of the mayor.Are there some projects that you wanted to do but were unable to?I have completed 27 projects and 17 more are lined up for necessary clearances for the work to get started. We have also conducted the bhoomi poojan of some of the projects.One of the major projects in my tenure has been the inclusion of 40 rural areas around Nashik in the development plan of the city. The renovation of Bytco Hospital in my ward, inauguration of an auditorium and approval for a stadium at Shikharewadi- have been the major decisions during my term. At Jail Road, along the lines of gardens of Egypt , we will be constructing a 12-acre garden.Due to lack of time and the enforcement of the code of conduct, we have formally announced and inaugurated some projects. Many tree plantations were done in the city; employees' bonuses, promotions, decisions on flood line, and cemetery for Muslim citizens were all done during my tenure.But there was a huge controversy about the cemetery at Cidco and the Muslim citizens were not very happy with it.Providing a proper cemetery was the responsibility of the Cidco administration but they were not ready to do it, so we had to pitch in. After discussing with the guardian minister of the city, Chhagan Bhujbal , we unanimously decided to provide them the land for the cemetery.Are you satisfied with what you have done as a mayor?It is not possible for anyone to give 100 per cent. I have done 90-95% projects from the heart. When I was elected to the post of mayor, I had made a resolution to do some outstanding work for the city so that the coming generations will remember them. All the political parties have cooperated with me very well. Whenever there were differences of opinion, we sorted them out through meetings. I have never gone against the policies of the party. If I have, then it was only for the benefit of the city.What are the decisions that you would remember and so would the next generation?I have not burdened the citizens with taxes. The most memorable decision is sanctioning 3% fund for the blind and handicapped. The renovation of Bytco Hospital and introducing self-help groups for empowering women are some of the other decisions. During my tenure, I have also conducted public awareness campaign about female foeticide. If there are any pending projects, we promise to complete them in the near future because I am confident that people will vote for our party again.You are looked upon as someone from a political background. Do you get any help from your family in managing the affairs of the corporation?Yes, it is an advantage. I was a novice, a housewife who got elected for the first time and was chosen as the mayor. Since childhood I have been a spectator watching my father in politics, but did not have any experience of my own. I did not even know about public speaking when I got elected. My father and other seniors from the party guided me in this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11455671", "title": "Spurious soft drinks flood suburbs, raids continue", "text": "CHENNAI: Raids by health officials have revealed that racketeers are flooding the suburbs with fakes of soft drinks and adulterated food items. The modus operandi of the cheats is to refill used bottles of beverages manufactured by Pepsico and Coca-Cola and seal them with matching caps collected from garbage piles.A seven-member team of food safety officers on Wednesday seized adulterated and fake products from over 170 shops at various places including Alandur, Adambakkam, Nanganallur, Pazhavanthangal and Madipakkam-Velachery Main Road. They seized around 20 bags of illegally made water packets, 55 kg of adulterated tea dust and 35 kg of biscuits, snacks and other products past their sell-by date. The officials also confiscated thousands of empty soft drink bottles.The officials also busted a water purifier unit at Ullagaram that was manufacturing imitations of popular brands. Pallavaram municipality food safety officer R Velavan warned that the raids would continue. \"This is not a one-time exercise. We will come back to ensure that the rules are followed and consumers are not conned,\" he said. \"At a meeting on adulterated products in Kancheepuram today, the district health officer advised us to intensify our checks and create awareness about spurious products.\" Based on complaints about adulterated products and other violations of Food Safety and Standards Act, health officials began Wednesday's raids at Meenambakkam near the airport on the GST Road.Officials seized adulterated products including tea dust, pepper and preservatives past their use-by date. Bakeries were raided and were found to be stocking old condiments that were used to make bread and confectionaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11453174", "title": "Conservation impossible without people's participation", "text": "NAGPUR: Eminent environmental activist Mohan Hirabai Hiralal insisted that conservation without the participation of people was impossible. Hiralal was delivering the key note lecture on 'people's participation in nature conservation movement in Vidarbha' organized by Vidarbha Nature and Human Science (VNHS) Centre, Nisarga Seva Sangh and Sarvodaya Ashram in memory of late conservationist Ramesh Ladkhedkar on his first death anniversary.Hiralal started off with reminiscing about his association with Ladkhedkar calling the latter a 'Nature Man'. \"He has been a front runner and stood out in the long process of starting and running an environmental movement in Vidarbha with people's contribution,\" he said.\"Ladkhedkar constituted the Vidarbha Paryavaran Parishad in order to bring together various groups of people working in the field. His intention was to join the forces to understand the problem better and then to use it for encouraging people's participation in problem solving,\" Hiralal said.It is extremely important to make people realize their dependence on nature and its resources to make people active participants in the conservation process, Hiralal observed. Common people being in constant contact with nature, conservation lies in their hands, he insisted. Hiralal also emphasized on the importance of Gram Sabhas in conservation process and proper implementation of the joint forest management.\"Ladkhedkar Sir was a great inspiration and his absence is felt by each of us in every endeavour. A memorial talk is an attempt to keep his teachings alive,\" said Pradyumna Sahastrabhojanee, secretary, VNHS.Senior environment and wildlife activist Gopal Thosar lighted the traditional lamp to mark the beginning of the talk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11454491", "title": "Their hearts beat for Mumbai", "text": "If the thought of a Sunday morning spent running nearly 42 km makes your stomach churn and leaves your muscles sore, think again. The spirit of some marathon runners, like heart patients, will put your lazy bones to shame on Sunday.Surendra Dasadia (66) and Dhananjay Yellurkar (48), who underwent bypass surgeries in 2009, are participating in the Half Marathon and Full Marathon respectively this year. While Dasadia participated in the Dream Run in 2011, Dhananjay has participated in the Full Marathon in New York (November 2010) and Berlin (September 2011). Says Dhananjay, \"I started running only after my surgery. My two children are rooting for me to finish the run successfully. I have been running about 60 km a week to train for the Full Marathon.\"P Venkatraman (55), who underwent a bypass surgery in 2007, has been running the Half Marathon distance of 21 km every month for two years. He is the first heart patient to have become a pacer for the three-hour bus in 2011 and had finished with a timing of 2:59:29. This year too he will be the pacer for the same slot. \"I enjoy giving first-time runners the thrill of completing their first Half Marathon in three hours,\" he says.Advised to cut down on sugar and fried food to the bare minimum, these heart patients have been following regular diets in the run-up to the marathon. While cheese and fats are a strict no-no, wholesome home food is a preferred choice. The runners are hoping that the cool weather conditions continue in the city on Sunday so that they can complete the marathon smoothly.Training 90-odd people with heart diseases, Dr Ashish Contractor, head of department, preventive cardiology &amp; rehabilitation, Asian Heart Institute, is extremely encouraging towards his patients who aspire to run the marathon. \"We judge their basic fitness levels and then put them through a cardiac rehabilitation programme. Through the training, each one inspires the other and we encourage everyone to at least participate in the Dream Run.\"Jayanti Shukla, executive director of NGO United Way of Mumbai, said: \"Several NGOs that support causes related to ailments have registered.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "lambi", "code": "11455056", "title": "Village of brotherly politics shows poll colours", "text": "LAMBI: It's mid-afternoon in this village of filial politics. The sun is yet to arrive in full bloom. Almost all the Badals here have filed their nominations and declared their belongings.Outside the chief minister's imposing redbrick house, a cavalcade which includes an ambulance, six jeeps loaded with men in blue, four jeeps brimming with gun-totting men in khaki and some in plain clothes are waiting for the day's first outing.At 12 sharp, the time-abiding chief minister, clad in a champagne brown buttoned-up cardigan, makes a swift-paced walk towards a shining Toyota SUV. \"CM saab has to go. Please move aside,\" announces Nathiram, a leading security officer in blue coat who has been with the octogenarian Badal for 18 years.A whisper into the CM's ears is enough to let him know about the presence of a team of a photojournalist and reporter. \"I won't have much time. But you can sure come to our first location,\" the CM surprises with his fleeting glance and a quick comment.It's a prayer ceremony at one of the local's home. After reaching there, the fastidious CM carefully removes his shoes with prompt assistance from his aides. An exchange of silent pleasantries and some private conversations lasting 30 minutes, he sermons the gathered crowd, quoting a shabad of Naamdev. \"Sansar samunde taar gobinde...\" he goes on in a muffled voice.When his speech ends, a man with a notebook arrives to announce that they are late for their next schedule. \"Saanu jaan nu hor ghanta lag juga,\" he says. It's Dodha, a small village in Gidderbaha at 1:30pm, where it's the SAD candidate's first rally in Gidderbaha. Darting past the snaking roads, the SUVs leave behind a trail of policemen, men and women lined up on the 'CM's route'.Kids, including a batch of female students, pause to take a glance at their leader. The CM is generous enough to respond. \"Oh Badal saab ne,\" shares Gurwinder Singh with his 8-year-old kid. At next destination, a 1000-strong crowd along with the Gidderbaha candidate Sant Singh Brar awaits him.The CM is quick to assume the dais and make his feverish pitches on how to trounce the family rebel, Manpreet Badal. \"He fought on SAD ticket for so many years. He wanted to be the CM. He renounced 'Amrit' and he challenges his elders. Do the Sikhs want to vote for such a leader,\" his voice blares out of the set of 500-decibel speakers. Some 40-minutes later, his daughter-in-law and MP Harsimrat Kaur Badal is seen taking a flight of stairs to the dais. Between them, they share 90 minutes. Neither takes a break.They look equally famished at 4.15pm. At the end of this rally, both move towards their next destination Malout in separate vehicles. Foil-wrapped food is soon distributed inside the car. Even the private meeting with acolytes is arranged there. In Malout, the business remains as usual till the clock strikes 6:30pm and the CM proceeds for a meeting with leaders at his home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11454560", "title": "Nearly 1K cameras for tiger census in Feb", "text": "NAGPUR: The fourth phase of tiger estimation exercise will be carried out in four state tiger reserves and its buffer areas in the first week of February. With 800-1000 camera traps to be set up, the exercise will help know the tiger numbers in each reserve.Although modalities like how many camera traps and other gear would be needed to complete the exercise is yet to be finalized, SK Khetarpal, the state's principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife), said, \"Tentatively, transect line exercise will begin in February.\"In the estimation exercise carried out in 2010, Maharashtra has 169 tigers. This is a rise from 103 tigers in 2006. The national tally stands at 1706. 62 deaths have been recorded in 2011. Census in tiger reserves all over India is expected to be completed before the onset of summer.The decision was taken on Wednesday by Khetarpal after a marathon meeting of senior officials from all the wildlife circles. Barring Melghat, officials from other three wildlife circles - Nagpur, Nashik and Mumbai attended the meeting.The exercise will also be taken up in tiger-bearing sanctuaries and national parks and areas in the Nagpur Circle comprising Gondia, Bhandara, Wardha and Nagpur where there is huge tiger presence.The cameras will be two-sided and placed at 4 sq km each for 45-60 days i.e 1,000 nights.After the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) adopted the new tiger census methodology in 2006, figures of individual tiger reserves have not been declared. The numbers included estimation of a protected area (PA) and its entire landscape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11456295", "title": "Conman, aide arrested in Udaipur for cheating, brought to city", "text": "INDORE: Nearly a fortnight after a conman and his aide duped a city-based jeweller of gold ornaments worth Rs 9 lakh, the cops arrested two persons from Udaipur in Rajasthan two days ago. The duo were brought to the city on Wednesday. Police said that the duo mainly targeted jewellery and electronic shops and involved in several swindling cases in various parts of the country.The accused have been identified as Narendra Sharma alias A Kapoor, son of Madanlal Sharma, and Mukesh, son of Naveen Ramaiya. Both are resident of Mumbai.The police arrested them in Udaipur two days ago and they reportedly confessed to have duped several people across the country.\"Narendra has several criminal cases against him in Mumbai and Bangalore. The accused had been arrested by the Mumbai and Bangalore cops before being nabbed by the Indore police in Udaipur,\" said SSP Sai Manohar. It may be noted that Narendra had duped the Indore jeweller posing as a top official of a city-based star hotel.ASP crime Manoj Rai told TOI that Narendra is a commerce graduate and knows several languages including English, Hindi, Gujarati and Marathi. Police said he managed to impresses his victims with his language proficiency, especially English, and good mannerisms. He, along with Mukesh, travelled by air and stayed in luxury hotels. He used taxis to flee from the scene and Mukesh kept an eye on the surrounding sitting in a taxi.Police said that the duo travelled to various cities including Mumbai, Kolkata, Udaipur, Ajmer, Bangalore and Bhopal by flights and stayed in big hotels. \"He mostly targeted diamond jewellery and electronic shops,\" said Rai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11456073", "title": "GTU decides to extend helping hand to students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Technological University (GTU) and Gujarat Knowledge Society (GKS) will start coaching classes for students who are detained in first year engineering and other technical courses. This is the first time such coaching classes will be held for students who are not able to clear the GTU exams.GTU officials said the move is aimed to help the academically poor students to catch up and clear the exams without spending huge amounts on private coaching. There have been reports that students who are detained in university exams resort to expensive private tuitions paying Rs 5,000 - 7,000 for each subject.GTU and GKS will provide this coaching at nominal rate of Rs 1,500, giving the students a helping hand to clear the exams.The first center will be started at the L D Engineering College campus. Officials said that more centers will be created depending upon the number of students who sign up for private coaching.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11461293", "title": "Give nylon manjas a break, bird lovers request public", "text": "NASHIK: With Makar Sankranti approaching later this week, kite-flying has increased in the city, thereby posing a threat to birds who get entangled in the manja (thread). Nature lovers have started undertaking awareness campaigns against the use of nylon manjas.Bird lovers Shekhar Gaikwad and Manish Godbole have visited 86 schools with pictures of injured birds and posters for creating awareness about the harmful impact of nylon manjas. Nature Club of Nashik, an NGO, has also been requesting people to stop using nylon or Chinese manja. With Makar Sankranti on January 14, bird lovers are trying their best to prevent bird injuries or deaths due to manjas.\"We have rescued more than 90 birds in the past one year with the help of the fire brigade. Among these, 25 have died due to their injuries. We take the birds to the veterinarian for treatment and then release them in their habitats,\" informed Shekhar Gaikwad. He added that most die due to shock. \"We are appealing to people to resist using nylon manja,\" he said.According to the Nature Club of Nashik, last year, 56 birds were injured by the manja amid Makar Sankranti revelry and 15 succumbed to injuries.\"A couple of days back, I rescued an ibis injured by manja from Gangapur Road. We have been rescuing at least one bird every week from the past year. During Sankranti, the percentage increases,\" informed Manish Godbole. \"We get the birds treated from the doctors and release them. Sometimes for prolonged recuperation, we send them to Sharan, the animal shelter,\" he added. The bird lovers say that mostly owls, bats, doves, cuckoo, ibis and bulbuls are caught in manja.Meanwhile, city kite sellers say that the demand for threads in spools have gone down drastically, with people preferring to buy nylon ones as they are long-lasting. Kite seller Rahul Rande said, \"No one makes thread manjas in the city. There is a big demand for nylon spools and they are selling like hot cakes.\" Bird lovers have appealed to citizens to refrain from using nylon or Chinese manjas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11453141", "title": "Not as high-flying as it used to be", "text": "NAGPUR: For Subhash Dangre, Makar Sankranti is not only about flying a kite or two. For this 56-year-old, it is a reminiscence of his youth, of those carefree days. \"I have loved flying kites since I was a kid and I love it now,\" he said while scrutinising a roll of manja with his expert eyes.Dangre said that on Sankranti, his wife makes delicacies while he and the others enjoy kite flying. \"People from our housing society and friends all gather on the terrace on this day and have a lot of fun. It's like a small get-together,\" he said.As Sankranti gets closer, city markets are being decked up with kites of all possible colours and shapes. But the kite-sellers say that the sale of kites has gone down over the years. \"While earlier we used to sell around 50,000 kites, today we sell only about 10,000 of them per season,\" said Rajesh Asrani, a kite seller in Itwari.He also said that the biggest change he has seen in the last 24 years of him being involved in this business is the price. \"When I started, the whole budget for Sankranti would not exceed Rs 10. Now per season people spend up to Rs 1,000,\" Asrani said.Echoing Asrani's views was Dinesh Chawla, a kite seller in Khamla. He said that the prices of the kites have skyrocketed. \"The cost has almost doubled in one year. A kite which was sold at Rs 3.40 last year is now sold at Rs 7 this year,\" he said.He also said that the craze for kite flying was fading. \"Exam schedule dampens the festive spirit. Many children have exams during this time, and hence they don't enjoy much,\" Chawla said.Asrani also said that now a days, children are so overburdened with academics that there is seldom time to fly kites. \"When I was a child we used to start flying kites four months before Sankranti. And now, people fly kites hardly a week ahead of the festival,\" he said.Colourful kites printed with illustrations depicting the latest talked about happenings have thronged the market. This year the most 'in' ones are of movies and movie actors, followed by Anna Hazare.With the ban on Chinese manja temporarily stayed, it has clinched the market from its traditional counterpart. As it is more durable, strong and considerably cheaper, a lot of customers are opting for the Chinese manja.Rajesh Asrani said, \"Though it is called Chinese it is actually nylon manja which is made in Delhi itself. People opt for it as it is much stronger than Bareilly manja. About 90% of manja sale is of Chinese variety.\"Interestingly, these manjas which are produced by companies also have offers. As one of the packets declared, \"Chance to win a bike, mobile and many such attractive prizes'.It is not only kites which come in fancy patterns and manjas that come in a rainbow of colour, but the chakris also have started coming in varieties. Today one can find fancy, colourful chakris made of wood, fibre and steel.Asrani said, \"The steel chakris that come from Ahmedabad are especially popular. They are so beautiful that customers just go ahead and buy them.\" He also said that now a lot of kites, manjas and chakris come from Ahmedabad, when once their Kolkata counterparts were famous and more popular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11456153", "title": "Congress flays FM\u2019s remark on professional tax", "text": "BHOPAL: The Congress on Wednesday termed as \"anti-employees\", state finance minister Raghavji's statement that professional tax should be raised to Rs 10,000 from the present Rs 2,500.\"The BJP had promised that it will abolish the professional tax in the state, but after coming to power its finance minister is talking about raising it,\" the Leader of Opposition in MP Assembly Ajay Singh said.During the two-day meeting here of the Empowered Committee of State Finance Ministers, the issue of raising upper limit on professional tax was raised by the panel members after which Raghavji gave an statement that it should be raised to Rs 10,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11455065", "title": "Newage copycats get smarter with hi-tech gadgets", "text": "NEW DELHI: While the AIIMS entrance scandal has turned the spotlight on cheating in high-profile institutions, academicians and police sources say the use of unfair means has grown rampant generally in recent years. And the trend is global. A survey done by an American institute in 50,000 colleges and 18,000 high schools across the world found that 70% students cheat. In 1993, cheating was not so prevalent - 56% - while in 1963 only 26% students had used unfair means in exams.Experts say moral training from childhood and a strict vigil in the examination hall are the ideal solution to the problem, but institutes with reputations to uphold are not taking any chances. Some, like Italy's Eriso Tosi Technical Institute, now use military-grade mobile jammers to stop students from cheating. In India, invigilators have not kept up with technology but unscrupulous students seem to be making the most of it. From mobile phones to Bluetooth devices designed especially for cheating, they are using them all.At the school level, chits or handwritten slips are still the chief means of copying as mobile phones and other gadgets are not allowed in the exam venue. \"Most school students cheat using handwritten slips hidden in socks, collars or straps of wristwatches. But asking around for answers is not so common now as multiple sets of question papers have been used in exams since the '90s,\" says MC Sharma, controller of exams, Central Board of Secondary Education. He mentions two instances of examinees declaring they have chicken pox, only to get inside the mosquito net and start texting.In higher institutions, cheating is now done with gadgets. In 2005, the authorities were shocked when 21 students scored identical marks in physics in the Delhi College of Engineering entrance exam. A CBI enquiry found a former DCE student had helped the students for Rs 4 lakh each. He gave them SIM cards that were activated just before the exam.Impersonation, micro-Xerox and MMS are some of the new technologies in use. Students have also been caught using Bluetooth devices. In Jamia Millia Islamia, several cases of senior students or outsiders impersonating aspirants in entrance tests have come to light.\"Use of technology is more about organized use of unfair means. At a basic level, handwritten slips have given way to micro-Xerox with which students photocopy text books in miniature form. The more tech savvy candidates use MMS and receive answers on the phone. Although it is generally illegal, students smuggle mobiles in at times,\" said professor PB Sharma, V-C of Delhi Technological University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11453478", "title": "Police challenge RK Sharma\u2019s acquittal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Just a day before the 90-day deadline for filing appeal, Delhi Police on Wednesday moved the Supreme Court challenging a Delhi High Court verdict acquitting former IPS officer R K Sharma and two others in the 1999 murder of journalist Shivani Bhatnagar.The 80-page appeal assailed the HC's conclusion that the police failed to produce cogent evidence to link Sharma, Bhagwan Sharma and Satya Prakash, all of whom were convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment, to the murder. However, the HC had upheld the conviction and life term of the hitman Pradeep Sharma. In the appeal filed through advocate B V Balram Das, Delhi Police said the HC erred in acquitting Sharma and the two others despite a clear chain of evidence along with circumstantial proof to indicate their close involvement in the conspiracy to kill Shivani in her Navkunj Apartments flat in Patparganj in east Delhi on January 21, 1999.It said the criminal conspiracy masterminded by Sharma was evident from the telephone records of the acquitted persons who allegedly planned to hire Pradeep Sharma to eliminate the journalist. Sharma's counsel had pleaded before the HC that Delhi Police had tampered with the telephone records to implicate him in the case. At the time of the murder, Sharma was working in the Prime Minister's Office. He had absconded immediately after his name surfaced as an accused in the case and surrendered only in September 2002.Police sources, meanwhile, claimed that the distorted archive of Sharma's cellphone records was not the only evidence that they have.\"One must remember that mobile technology was comparatively new at the time of the murder in the late 90s. In addition, the SIM card in question was destroyed on the day of the murder with the case getting cracked more than two years later. Hence, the archiving might have not have reached the same level of sophistication as is possible today. However, this does not mean we do not have evidence. This special leave petition might be less than 80 pages, but our final appeal is expected to run into more than a 1,000 pages,\" claimed a crime branch source.Even as the crime branch is finalizing the \"para by para\" analysis of the HC order acquitting Sharma at its SIT office in Rohini, prima facie, it has been decided that the prosecution will emphasize on other circumstantial evidence available such as Pradeep staying in constant touch with R K Sharma by using his neighbour Ramphal's landline and how the co-accused were related to each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11455656", "title": "Raids reveal discrepancies in PDS shops", "text": "MADURAI: Officials of the state labour department cracked the whip on public distribution outlets in Madurai on Wednesday.Raids conducted by the department officials on Wednesday revealed discrepancies of measurement in 26 public distribution system (PDS) shops and the staff were penalised with a fine of Rs 1,000 each. The raids were carried out based on instructions from labour minister, S T Chellpandian after his office received a number of complaints.The team consisting of deputy labour inspectors and assistant labour inspectors raided 52 ration shops in places like Palanganatham, Subramaniapuram, Ellis Nagar, Thirunagar, Ponmeni and other areas in the city, as well as many places in rural limits. Among the 52 shops, 26 were found with irregularities, where the PDS staff have been providing commodities below the specified measurements. The salesmen in the outlets were fined Rs 1,000 each for under measurement.Assistant commissioner, N Govindan said that they had found the measurements to be lesser by even 600g to 700g out of the 2-kg sugar and dhal provided to the public. The team stayed at a distance and took some samples from the buyers and measured them again to find out the discrepancies, he said. Besides slapping the penalty, the labour department has also decided to issue show cause notices to the erring staff.The registers will be verified by the department to find out repeated malpractices. If the vendor was found to have committed this mistake repeatedly, cases will be booked against them for prosecution through court, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11454986", "title": "MoU to promote interactive English inked", "text": "PATNA: Principal secretary (education department) Anjani Kumar Singh on Wednesday signed an memorandum of understanding (MoU) with British Council in India director Rob Lynes for training of 160 specialist English teachers under the Bihar Language Initiative Secondary Schools (BLISS) project chalked out by the state government. The 160 specialist English teacher will, in turn, impart training to 4,000 secondary school teachers for developing interactive Engilsh skill in students of Class IX-XII. These specialists teachers, to be drawn from different secondary schools, will act as master trainers for the 4,000 Engilsh teachers.After their training all the English teachers of government secondary schools would impart skill in interactive and communicative English to students to boost their confidence in interacting in English anywhere, said Singh while signing the MoU. Bihar Madhyamik Shikshan Parishad state project director Rajesh Bhushan was also present on the occasion. Earlier, the British Council had carried out a detailed Needs Analysis for BLISS project in five Bihar districts.Singh added that the BLISS initiative was focused on maintaining quality in classroom teaching and capacity building of English language teachers to help students to communicate effectively in English in the classroom and outside. At present, over 3,200 secondary schools in the state have 2,900 English teachers whose number would be increased to over 4,000 soon, sources in the state education department said.Lynes said English was at the heart of Council's work and the BLISS project specifically addresses the needs of the teachers and students in Bihar. The system of interactive English teaching being adopted under the programme is sustainable and designed to involve the larger community from school head-teachers to parents in tune with the spirit of the Right to Education Act.Singh also signed another MoU with Lisa Heydlauff, the country head of 'Going to School', an NGO, for equipping secondary schools in Bihar with wares to impart entrepreneurial skills to students in the next 15 months. In the first phase, 1,000 schools would be covered. Firstly, 30 groups of teachers, each comprising 20 teachers, would be trained to impart entrepreneurial skills among school students, Heydlauff said adding that 20,000 teachers will be covered under the programme.She said emphasis would be laid on changing the mindset of students towards entrepreneurship mode from the present job-oriented approach. She said the students would be taught entrepreneurial skills and problem solving as per demands in rural and urban areas and ways to start good business. She said books and short films recorded in DVDs have been prepared to impart entrepreneurial skills to children and these would be given to the schools. In November last year, Heydlauff had interacted with students of five schools in Patna and its outskirts and even screened a film for them on entrepreneurial skills. The children displayed intelligence and creative thinking, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "jaipurjodhpur", "code": "11456948", "title": "Rajasthan will soon overtake Gujarat in solar power: Gehlot", "text": "JAIPURJODHPUR: Two days after Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's visit during the just concluded Pravasi Bharatiya Divas, the impact of his statements is yet to waive off on Wednesday. State chief minister Ashok Gehlot addressing a public meeting after the launch of solar power plants in Phalodi on Wednesday, used the platform to lash out at Modi.Earlier in the day, Gehlot while interacting with the media in Udaipur said Modi was known to make such speeches and always portrayed Gujarat as the best state. \"However, from the feedback we have received, all in Gujarat is not how Modi portrays it to be,'' Gehlot said.Addressing the public meeting at Rewara, Gehlot said the Gujarat chief minister, who was visiting the state a couple of days ago, had said a lot of things. \"The neighbouring state has just started producing 150 MW of solar power but because the production began before Rajasthan, they are taking credit. Rajasthan will soon overtake them and would be way ahead,'' Gehlot said.He added, \"Not all investors are happy in Gujarat. There are quite a few conflicts with the investors, however, Modi did not even make a mention of that.'' The occasion was inaugural of the three private solar plants - of 5 MW each - in Jodhpur district. Gehlot further said, \"Currently the production of solar energy in the state is 80 MW but it will soon increase by manifold. The state is on its way to become a major solar power hub in the country.'\"This is just a beginning and we have acquired 10,000 hectares land across Jodhpur, Jaisalmer, Barmer and Bikaner districts for setting up solar energy parks.\"Union minister for new and renewable energy Faooq Abdullah, who was present at the PBD, said Rajasthan in future will provide power to the entire nation. \"Chief minister Ashok Gehlot's name would be written in golden letters for his contribution towards the sector. He has successfully tapped the immense opportunity of solar power production in the state, for which the Centre assures its complete support,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460909", "title": "NMC fails to touch heights", "text": "NASHIK: The city's skylines may soon be dotted by those high-rise buildings but when it comes to safety precautions, the administration seems to be sitting tight. With the growing population and demand for residential accommodation increasing, the civic administration granted permission to construct 40-metre buildings. But what it failed to foresee is that with the rise in buildings the safety measures also needed to be stepped up.While earlier only 24-metre buildings were permitted in the city, the fire brigade with 32-metre aerial ladder platform was in control of the situation. But with proposals to raise the building height to 45 metres on the anvil, the fire brigade is still left with a 32-metre aerial ladder platform to do the fire fighting exercises. At the general body meeting of the Nashik Municipal Corporation held on December 3, the proposal of purchasing two aerial ladder platforms of 55 metres was rejected.The reason: While the current aerial ladder platform of over 30 metres remained unused, there was no purpose in purchasing taller ladders.Sources from the fire brigade said with 40-metre buildings coming up soon in the city, the ladder would be insufficient since the platform has to be placed some seven to eight meters away from the structures. Fire brigade sources said they would consider putting up a proposal of purchasing two 45-metre aerial platform ladders before the new general body of the municipal corporation after the elections on February 16.Fire brigade chief Anil Majahan said a few buildings of 40 metres were coming up near Indirangar, Pathardi, Anandwalli , Adgaon Shivar and other parts of the city.Meanwhile, president of the Nashik chapter Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (CREDAI), Sunil Bhaybang, said it may take some time to get permission for constructing 45-metre buildings.\"Permission for 45-metre buildings may take some time as it is a policy decision of the government. But it will be a great help to overcome the parking issue as builders can provide two storeys for parking than going through the hassle of creating basements for parking,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11457016", "title": "Fest opened by CM, Governor", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city's skies wore a vibrant look on Wednesday as the international kite festival formally took off, with 87 kite enthusiasts from 24 countries gathering atthe Sabarmati river front to showcase their kites.In the morning, 500 odd students from Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation performed yoga and surya namaskar to launch the programme.Earlier, governor Dr Kamla inauguratedthefestival andhailedtheeffortsof chief minister Narendra Modi towards popularizing the festival, saying that it was his personal interest that madetheevent popular.Modi, on the other hand, was quick to join the national and international participantstotry hishand atkiteflying.\"I would like to wish the people of Gujarat a happy Makar Sankranti, especially the chief minister, because his personal interest makes these programmes spectacular and impressive,\" Dr Kamla said. She dedicated the success of the international kite festival to Modi and his team.She further described the festival as a unique experience to watch innovative kites soar high in the sky, taking the glorious culture of Gujarat to greater heights.\"Makar Sankranti has a unique place in Gujarat's tradition, particularly for Ahmedabad. The festival, in social terms, has become a symbol of unity and brotherhood.\"It is worth recalling thestand-off between theModi government and the governor over the appointment of the state Lokayukta by the latter. Modi had even written to the Prime Minister in September 2011, demanding that Dr Kamla be recalled.Modi said the kite festival has placed the city on the international tourist circuit. He took the opportunity to highlight the importance of tackling global warming, adding that India's largest solar park is up and coming in Gujarat, which is set to become a global capital of solar energy. Chhattisgarh's tourism minister, Amal Agrawal, was also a part of the inauguration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11457201", "title": "City records coldest day of this January", "text": "LUCKNOW: The city recorded the coldest day of this year on Wednesday with minimum temperature dropping to 4.3 degrees Celsius. It was also the second lowest minimum temperature of this winter. On December 26, the city had recorded 2.9 degrees Celsius. Thick fog in the morning reduced visibility to below 200 metres and affected rail, road and air traffic. The weatherman said the minimum temperature will drop further in coming days.On Wednesday, thick fog persisted till noon. The skies were clear thereafter, but dry icy winds coming from the snow-fed mountains kept the weather chilly. As a result, the maximum temperature during the day was 19 degrees Celsius, three degrees below normal. The Met department has predicted that maximum and minimum temperatures are expected to remain around 18 degrees Celsius and 4.0 degrees Celsius respectively on Thursday. Visibility would reduce to 200 metres or less due to fog mainly in morning hours. Skies will be clear thereafter.Agra was the coldest in the state at 1.2 degrees Celsius, seven degrees below normal. It was followed by Najibabad with 3.5 degrees Celsius. Kanpur recorded 4.9 degrees Celsius, Rae Bareli 5.8 degrees Celsius, Jhansi 6.5 degrees Celsius, Sultanpur 6.8 degrees Celsius, Varanasi 7.0 degrees Celsius and Allahabad 7.9 degrees Celsius. The maximum temperatures were between 18-20 degrees Celsius.However, at some places, the day temperatures were low to due to dense fog which persisted all day long. The maximum temperature during the day in Gorakhpur was 14.8 degrees Celsius while Lakhimpur Kheri recorded 16 degrees Celsius.State Met director said cold wave conditions are prevailing in some parts of the state where minimum temperatures have gone below to 5-7 degrees below normal. He said there will be no significant change in the weather conditions in next 48 hours.However, there will be some rise in the minimum temperature on Friday-Saturday as a fresh western disturbance is expected to hit the hill region which will cut off the dry icy winds for few days. He predicted that cold wave conditions would prevail in isolated pockets of the state and fog would occur at few places. The Met has also issued a warning of ground frost in some parts of west UP in next two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11454576", "title": "Contractor tried to fool cops by changing bus too", "text": "NAGPUR: More shocks were in store on Wednesday for cops investigating the accident that claimed the life of 8-year-old Virat Zade earlier this week. They learnt that school transport contractor Suraj Padole and his agent Shaikh Ismail Shaikh Pyaro had changed the registration number of the bus involved in the accident, and surrendered a vehicle that was not involved in the accident to the police. This was done since the fitness certificate of the killer bus given by the RTO had expired.The cops found that the two also connived to wash off the blood from the tyres and seat of the school bus that was actually involved in the accident. Finally, on Wednesday, the culprits were forced to present the original bus involved in the accident before the police.Earlier, it had come to fore that the contractor and his agent had presented an impostor as the driver of the killer school bus that crushed 8-year-old Virat Zade to death on Monday in front of his residence at Kankhoje Nagar. Abdul Aziz Imran Abdul Nabi, now booked for cheating along with Padole and Pyaro, had surrendered as the bus driver instead of the real driver, Shaikh Imran Khan. The drivers were switched after the accident since the driver did not have the mandatory badge issued by the RTO.Senior inspector PV Bele of Hudkeshwar police station said a section of the school management is also suspected to be part of the conspiracy to mislead the cops and ensure a clean chit for the culprits. \"We are now contemplating further action based on the gross negligence and attempt to destroy crucial evidence in the case,\" said Bele.He added that Pyaro was forced to present the bus involved in the accident before the police. \"We would now send the samples collected from this bus for chemical analysis test,\" he said.Cops said the bus that ran over Virat had registration number MH-31-CB-9076. However, Padole had instructed Khan to take a different bus to Sakkardara police station. The number of that bus was MH-31-CQ-2964. The original bus involved in the accident was recovered by the cops on Wednesday.Police said Pyaro was instrumental in changing the registration number of the killer vehicle taking advantage of a shattered father's grief.It has also come to fore that the school bus did not have a conductor for around a year. Police said the victim's mother Naina had been highlighting the issue of the bus not having a conductor in the parents-teacher meeting, but the school management did not pay any attention.Interestingly, earlier in the day, Swati Tiwari, director of Little Pearls Nursery School, had said, \"So far, we have never had any complaints regarding either the bus drivers or contractors from the parents.\"The school authorities are now reportedly thinking of discontinuing the services of the bus contractor. The school authorities said they will hold a meeting with parents on Friday to take a final call on the issue. Tiwari said, \"Parents' view is important to us. Hence, a discussion with parents is needed before coming to any decision.\"Top cop convenes meet of school bus panelCity police chief Ankush Dhanvijay, who is also chairman of the committee on school buses and safety of children, has called for a meeting regarding safe driving by school bus drivers. Apart from police, the meeting will be attended by RTO officials, school authorities, some NGOs and parents also. The meeting will be held on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11455435", "title": "Thane brothers compete, help each other crack CAT", "text": "It was double delight at the Thakkar residence in Thane on Wednesday. Vishal (23) and his brother Amish (21) had cracked India's toughest B-school exam, missing centum by the proverbial whisker. Vishal and Amish cracked CAT (Common Admission Test) with 99.81 and 99.99 percentile, respectively.Vishal is as an analyst in a private company in Bangalore while Amish is a final year engineering student of electronics at VJTI, Matunga. For Vishal, it was his third attempt at CAT.Complementing each other in preparations, the brothers spoke of the jovial time they had studying together. \"Having my brother at home to compete was a nice experience. We did not have to look outside for motivation. I have had the experience of writing CAT for two years. So, I could guide him along. On the other hand, he had more time to study. So, whenever he found tips, study material or a new pattern of questions, he used to update me,\" said Vishal from his office.Amish agreed. \"We tried to compete with each other, pushing ourselves to do better every time. This helped, especially in the verbal section.\"The common study hours was during weekends, reminding them of their childhood when Vishal used to teach his younger brother when he had doubts. The high, they said, is when they think about their childhood in a Gujarati medium school. \"Since Maths and English were the most important components in CAT, we had to ensure that we did not have a disadvantage as we were in a vernacular medium school,\" said Amish.Why an MBA? Amish shot back: \"Why not?\" Vishal was clear about his plans to get into insurance and work in the \"huge yet not sophisticated market\" in India. Their father runs a small shop in Thane and their mother is a housewife.The brothers have started preparations for the next steps and are keeping their fingers crossed in the hope that they get into the same Indian Institute of Management (IIM).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11455600", "title": "Four held for selling child", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Wednesday arrested four women for allegedly trying to sell a newborn girl to a 55-year-old man for Rs 40,000. While the prime accused were identified as Selvi and Saroja, two other women Amala and Sarala were arrested for aiding the crime.Selvi, who sells flowers at Park Town railway station, along with another accused Saroja struck a deal in the last week of December to sell the child for Rs 40,000. Selvi met Saroja through the other two accused who were also flower vendors.Selvi gave birth to a girl child on January 8 at the Kasturi Bai Gandhi Hospital in Triplicane and she left with the child on Tuesday without informing the hospital authorities. Selvi later sold her child to Saroja and was paid Rs 20,000 in advance. On a tip-off, police rescued the child and handed her to an NGO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11455961", "title": "GESIA introduces awards for young companies", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Electronics and Software Industries Association (GESIA) will make a new move to encourage young entrepreneurs in the area of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) in the state. The association which has been handing out different kinds of annual awards to ICT companies since four years will introduce separate awards for smaller and younger firms this year.The association has been giving 12 awards in different categories like best software company, best BPO, best electronics company, best corporate social responsibility company and so on. Each of these categories will, from this year, have a separate award for companies which are younger than three years or companies whose annual turnover is less than Rs 5 Crore. While the process of registration for the awards is going on, the awards will be handed out in February 2012.\"The prizes earlier were being awarded to only a particular group of companies, because these were well-established companies. So this year, we decided to introduce this set of awards for the new and smaller companies so that they are encouraged to grow further,\" said president of GESIA Sunil Kakkad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "11457279", "title": "Registering property gets simpler in Gujarat now", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: In a move that could help regularize lakhs of land deals struck in Gujarat through a power of attorney (PoA) route, the state government has worked out a simple procedure for PoA holder to register the property in his or her name. The move, said a top state bureaucrat, was necessitated because \"there is no trace of large number of original land owners, as they may have migrated or have expired.\" The state revenue department has issued a government resolution (GR), which wants each PoA holder having land in his/her possession to submit a copy of the PoA, a copy of the affidavit signed up by the original owner on transferring to the PoA holder, details of the permanent and present address of the original owner, and an undertaking that the PoA hasn't been withdrawn.\"On submission of the documents, the PoA holder will have to provide the photograph, the biometric details (fingerprints), and the ownership documents. Once this is done, the sub-registrar will send a notice to the original owner to confirm if the PoA is genuine. In case, no objection is received within a month, the PoA holder will be automatically registered with the government as the current occupant of the land\", the GR, signed up by HJ Shah, additional secretary, revenue, said.While the GR says that the move will help Gujarat government's latest effort to finalize computerization of all land deals in rural areas by taking biometric details of the land owner, insiders say, it provides a \"transparent solution\" to one of the most contentious issues nagging the officialdom in implementing the impact fee law, passed in the state assembly recently. \"As many as 40 per cent of all land deals have taken place on the basis of PoA\", a senior official said, adding, \"How to charge impact fee to regularize the illegal structure on a plot owned by a PoA holder was something that seemed difficult to implement. The latest GR would be helpful. It requires just a month's notice to the original owner to raise objections, if any. If no objection is received, the PoA holder will be considered the latest owner.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11454568", "title": "Nearly 100 clear CAT from city", "text": "PUNE: Around 100 candidates from Pune have cleared the Common Admission Test (CAT) 2011, the results of which were declared on Wednesday.Sources said 100 candidates from Pune were likely to receive calls for the next stage of the admission process. Close to 1.85 lakh students took the entrance test for admission to the 13 Indian Institutes of Management held between October 22 and November 18, 2011. The results declared is the first stage of the entrance process. After this, candidates are called for the next stages, based on the percentiles scored by them.Last year, around 150 candidates from Pune received calls for the next rounds, of which around 90 were enrolled at various IIMs.In Maharashtra, the management institutes recognized by the Directorate of Technical Education ( DTE) have 15% of the total quota reserved for all India students. For this quota, the CAT score will be considered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11456018", "title": "Mehdi Hassan critical, family asks Pak govt for help", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ghazal legend Mehdi Hassan has been admitted to the intensive care unit of a private hospital in Karachi after he had trouble in breathing, his son Arif Hassan said on Wednesday.The 84-year-old singer, the voice behind evergreen ghazals like \"Ab ke bichade\" and \"Patta patta boota boota\", has also stopped speaking.Hassan, who has been suffering from lung problems for the past 12 years, was rushed to Karachi's Agha Khan hospital on Tuesday night. Doctors said Hassan is suffering from chest and urine infection.\"He had trouble in breathing last night. We immediately rushed him to the hospital. He is in ICU but there is no positive response from the doctors about his condition,\" Arif said. \"We have been feeding him through tube for the past two years and for the past one month, he has even lost his voice, which mesmerized millions of his fans,\" he added.Arif said Hassan always wanted to visit India for treatment. \"He wanted to visit India, his birth country, and we were supposed to be there last year but his condition never improved. Now the doctors have strictly said no to any journey,\" he said.Singers Hariharan and Hansraj Hans besides Gulzar have enquired about Hassan's health over phone, Arif said. Facing a cash crunch for his treatment, the family of the legendary singer has appealed to the Pakistan government for some help.\"We have to pay Rs 45 lakh to the hospital. Government has publicly promised to bear all the expenses of his treatment and we are relying on them. I am hopeful that people will come forward to help,\" Arif said.Hassan was born into a family of traditional musicians in Rajasthan's Luna village in 1927. His family migrated to Pakistan during the Partition.Hassan, who has a huge following in the subcontinent, cut back on his performances in the late 80s due to illness. The singer last performed in India in 2000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11455004", "title": "Sugar-free 'tilkut' for Rs 320/kg", "text": "PATNA: Though Makar Sankranti is three days away, 'tilkut' is already selling like hot cakes in the city with Patnaites getting it packed for their kin and friends in foreign countries.\"We sold more than 40kg of 'tilkut' in a week to the buyers who asked for special packing as they had to parcel it to their relatives abroad,\" said Nitish Kumar, owner of a famous confectionery shop in Jakkanpur locality.Nitish, whose family has been engaged in this once-a-year business of 'tilkut' for more than five decades, said his shop offers designer gift packs of 1kg, 2kg, 5kg and 10kg for parcel purposes. \"These packets are designed in such a way that they protect the crunchiness of the delicacy for long and prevent them from damages in transit,\" he said.One such buyer at his shop, Nishant Prakash, said his family has been very fond of 'tilkut'. \"Now that my son is based in Mauritius and daughter in Canada , I courier it to them every winter,\" he said.While makeshift 'tilkut' shops have come up in different parts of the city, most of the sweet shops have also stocked it in addition to the items already on sale throughout the year. Arvind Kumar, a shop owner in Mithapur, said he had brought the finest quality of 'til' from Kanpur and 'gur' from Bhagalpur. \"More than 25 workers are busy making at least 60 to 70kg of 'tilkut' at my shop every day,\" he said.Hari Prasad, another sweet shop owner at Jakkanpur, said most of the shops are offering three varieties of 'tilkut'. While the 'khoa tilkut' is available for Rs 200 a kg, plain 'tilkut' made of jaggery or sugar is selling for Rs 140 a kg.\"We are also selling sugar-free 'tilkut' for Rs 320 a kg,\" Ashok Mankani, owner of a famous sweet shop on Boring Road, said. According to Pankaj Jha, who owns a shop in Patliputra Colony, while making the sugar-free 'tilkut', their main concern is to retain the taste.Not that sugar-free 'tilkut' beckons only diabetics. \"Patnaites are fast becoming health conscious and the buyers of sugar-free 'tilkut' at my shop include many who do not have diabetic complications,\" said Deepak Kumar who runs his shop near the I-T roundabout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11457228", "title": "Rahul Gandhi runs into Batla ire", "text": "VARANASI: Ulema Council activists and some youth staged a dharna and burnt a Rahul Gandhi effigy in front of Shibli National College in Azamgarh on Wednesday against the party's stand on the Batla House encounter.\"We had warned that if Rahul comes to Azamgarh without an inquiry into the Batla encounter, he wouldn't be allowed to enter the city,\" Ulama Council president Aamir Rashadi said. An Ulema Council office-bearer and student leader who led the protest, Nur-ul-Huda Ansari, said: \"We want to know why Rahul was silent when the Azamgarh's youngsters were being harassed and labelled as terrorists. \"He claimed that Rahul showed no interest in the demands of the Ulema Council on the probe into the Batla case.The protesters raised slogans asking Rahul to clarify Congress stand on issues like Batla encounter, reservation for minorities, unemployment among youth and the increasing cost of education. They wanted to know what action was taken against the officials who were found guilty of \"harassing Muslim youth in the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "11459068", "title": "Sheikh Hasina pitches for slice of Tripura power project", "text": "AGARTALA: Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina , who reached Agartala on a two-day visit on Wednesday, called upon India to be more generous and proactive in resolving \"outstanding issues\" like water-sharing and eradication of poverty for a balanced development of the two neighbouring countries. She said that that India, as a larger and economically stronger country, should be more \"considerate\" and assume the in the quest for development. Hasina was delivering a speech in a bilateral meeting of the business delegations of the two countries at Prjana Bhawan.Emphasising that political goodwill, now on strong sail between India and Bangladesh, would help improve the bilateral relations ,the Bangladeshi prime minister also called upon Indian businessmen to inrease investment in her country. \"There can be joint ventures on various sectors, especially in health care, telecom and information technology\", she said. Hasina also asked the Indian government to allow Bangladesh to acquire a stake in ONGC's upcoming 726-MW Palatana power project in southern Tripura.Hasina, who in January, 2010 Accord in New Delhi allowed Tripura transit facilities for the Palatana project heavy machineries, said: \"We hope that when you start power generation, you will also give us some power. Besides, Bangladesh would also like to have a share not only in the power, but also in the project itself.\" She added: \"I have firm belief that India will make a sincere effort and will be more generous to resolve some outstanding issues like water-sharing.\"Hasina assured that Bangladesh is taking all efforts to create and improve basic infrastructure in her country for better trade and business between the two nations. Communication and trade should not only be strengthened between India and Bangladesh, but it should also be expanded at the regional level, she said.Hasina announced that her government has decided to allow Tripura and the Northeast region in general to use Chittagong, Mongla and Ashuganj ports. Dhaka is also planning to create infrastructures for 'border haats' for better and smooth bilateral trade. \"We are not going to allow any activity that would affect peace,\" she said.Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal , Tripura chief minister Mani Sarkar and other digintaries received the Bangladesh Premier when she reached Agartala with her delegation, which inludes foreign minister Dipu Moni, on Wednesday afternoon in a special flight. She will be conferred an Honorary Diploma in Literature by the Tripura Central University during their 9th convocation ceremony on Thursday.In his speech, Sibal stressed upon development of skills and better academic environment as well as regular exchange of students between the two countries. \"Eradication of poverty and development can come when ideas emerge and youths become skilled. It is always good academic institutions which produce youths with ideas\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11461389", "title": "Gang of 10 loots bus passengers", "text": "NASHIK: Passengers of a Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation bus were looted of valuables and cash worth Rs 38,000 in the early hours of Tuesday by a gang of 10 persons. The passengers were looted at 2am on Tuesday, when the bus was on its way from Nashik to Panchavati, police said.After the passengers alerted the police, they immediately nabbed two suspects-Anilsingh Loharsingh Kalani (25) and Sagarsingh Bavari (19) both from Ganjmal-and with their help arrested the rest of the gang. All have been remanded in police custody.The duo was arrested from Jaibhavani Road by a police patrol headed by sub inspector Nisha Chaudhari and assistant sub inspector Kadbhane. One of the passengers, 30-year-old Amit Belekar, suffered head injuries in the scuffle and also lost his 25 gm gold bracelet.The incident occurred when the bus crossed Bytco Point, when suddenly the gang started threatening passengers with sharp weapons and demanded their valuables.A case of robbery was registered by bus conductor Raosaheb Sonawane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11456711", "title": "2nd cop dies but Mirji says all is well", "text": "A second policeman collapsed and died on duty in less than a week in Bangalore on Wednesday, but the top cop of the city refused to accept that the guardians of law and order are under any kind of stress due to long working hours. Hours after Vyalikaval assistant sub-inspector of police Nanjunde Gowda, 50, died, police commissioner B G Jyothi Prakash Mirji said that there is no reason for constables to be stressed out at work as they are assigned small and specific tasks.The ASI died while on a beat verification visit to Chowdaiah Memorial Hall. \"More than constables, it is the IPS officers who are under stress as we have to take care of the entire city,\" Mirji declared. Fifty-year-old Gowda is the second policeman to breathe his last at work in less than a week. On Thursday last, constable Janardhan had collapsed during a parade. The 32-year-old Janardhan had had a heart attack.Gowda arrived for work at the Vyalikaval police station from his Peenya residence around 9.30am. He assigned various beats to his boys. Halfan-hour later, he left with his colleague Tippeswamy for an inspection of the beats.After reaching Chowdaiah Memorial Hall, at Gayatridevi Park nearby, he said that he will have his breakfast he had got from home in the security personnel's room on the premises. Gowda, along with Tippeswamy, began walking towards the security room and he suddenly complained of chest pain. But he could take only a few steps before collapsing on the road around 10.30am. He was rushed to Vagus Super Specialty Hospital on 18th Cross, Malleswaram. But doctors declared Gowda dead on arrival. The dead policeman had put in 30 years of service. His elder son committed suicide a few years back and the incident had shook him. Gowda is survived by his wife and second son, who is studying II year BDS.\"Gowda never complained of any ailments. He underwent annual medical checkups, an initiative of the department. But he had never been diagnosed with high blood pressure or cholesterol,\" said B Jaganath Rai, police inspector, Vyalikaval police station.They have been given all medical facilities: MirjiTwo deaths in the force in the short span of a week don't seem to be enough for the city police top brass to face up to realities. Speaking to the Times of India, commissioner of police B G Jyothi Prakash Mirji claimed that policemen in lower echelons faced no problems like protracted working hours and lack of holidays. Pointing out at medical facilities provided to policemen, Mirji said that policemen are provided with cashless medical facilities and counselling at all hospitals and they should make use of it. He refused to accept that policemen were not being given time to avail of various health facilities on offer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "11455142", "title": "Arvind Khanna as rich as Capt Amarinder Singh", "text": "JALANDHAR: Most politicians who filed nominations on Wednesday in Punjab belong to the crorepati club. Arvind Khanna, who filed from Dhuri, is worth almost as much as Capt Amarinder Singh , at about Rs 46 crore.Khanna's wife Shagun is richer than him in movable assets at Rs 12.57 crore, while the husband has immovable assets worth Rs 28.3 crore. Together, they own four cars, including 2006 model Mercedes Benz worth Rs 25.58 lakh.Raja Warring, a young agriculturist, filed his nomination papers against Manpreet Badal. With moveable assets worth Rs 88 lakh and immovable assets worth Rs 5.39 crore, Warring has wife Amrita Singh as covering candidate. Former principal secretary D S Guru has assets worth Rs 2.36 crore, including that of his wife and mother.Former SGPC chief Bibi Jagir Kaur appears to be the only candidate who has turned poorer, that too over six times, during the last five years. According to her affidavit, she has movable assets worth over Rs 26 lakh, immovable assets worth over 13.42 crore and jewellery 20 lakh. As vehicle, she owns only a tractor. According to the assets declaration form submitted by Congress candidate from Mohali, Balbir Singh Sidhu, the sitting MLA from Kharar and his wife do not own any vehicle, except a second-hand tractor.Sidhu declared his movable assets at Rs 91.36 lakh and immovable assets valued at Rs 9.63 crore. Two-time MLA Razia Sultana, along with her ADGP-husband in Punjab, Mohammad Mustafa, owns assets worth Rs 9.18 crore. Razia has movable assets worth Rs 66.26 lakh while her husband has assets worth Rs 7.84 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11456250", "title": "Cabinet to consider bill on innovation universities", "text": "NEW DELHI: The bill for setting up of world class Innovation Universities, 14 by the government and also by private sector, is all set for Cabinet clearance with a major change from its earlier draft. HRD ministry has accepted Planning Commission's view that not all innovation universities be planned from scratch but existing institutions be turned world class.Bill for the Cabinet now consists of a provision that would allow even existing universities to be notified as innovation universities.Ministry of minority affairs had pointed out that the bill does not mention minority institutions. It had asked HRD ministry to clarify if a university set up by minorities would be termed innovation university and minority institution at the same time. HRD ministry has said rights of minorities as guaranteed in Article 30 of the Constitution would apply in case of innovation universities also.But HRD ministry has not agreed with another comment by the Planning Commission that there are almost no world class universities which have been set up on a thematic basis and that there is a need to identify a broad list of emerging knowledge domains with global relevance. HRD has contended that even if the proposed Innovation Universities are thematic, it is expected that an \"ecosystem of learning will be created on the theme with possibilities of inter-disciplinary learning and research.As for observation by finance ministry that it would be difficult to make privately funded Innovation Universities eligible for government fund for research unless the results of such research are accessible to government for public good. The bill, HRD says, provides for constituting an expert group for research audit to evaluate and assess the research undertaken with public funds. Bill also mandates that intellectual property created out of public funds be disclosed and government can even acquire it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11458482", "title": "Monitoring situation in Pakistan, committed to democracy : US", "text": "WASHINGTON: The United States has said it is monitoring the situation in Pakistan and reiterated its commitment to a civilian-led democracy there.The strong statement in support of the civilian government gains significance in the wake of the increased tension between the government led by the President, Asif Ali Zardari , and the Pakistani military led by its Army Chief, Gen Ashfaq Pervez Kayani.This has given rise to speculation of another military coup in Pakistan, which since it gained its independence in 1947 has been ruled by the Army for majority of the years.\"We support a civilian-led government, we have strong relations with the Pakistani military as well, and we want to see the parties work well together - this is a matter for Pakistan to settle.I don't think it's appropriate for the United States to be in the middle of it,\" the State department spokesperson, Victoria Nuland, told reporters during an off camera news conference yesterday.The US Embassy in Islamabad , led by the Ambassador, Cameron Munter , is in constant touch with leaders of Pakistan, she said.\"We continue to have broad contacts with the Pakistani leadership. Ambassador Munter is in country. He's seeing a broad cross-section of people. We have said that we are ready to discuss the parliamentary report when they are ready to discuss it with us,\" Nuland said.Responding to questions on the tension between the Pak army and the civilian government, Nuland said this is an internal matter of Pakistan.\"With regard to some of the press reporting we've seen in recent days it's obviously an internal matter for Pakistan to settle.We are monitoring it. We want to see all parties in Pakistan behave in a manner consistent with Pakistan's constitution, with its democratic processes, civil discourse, et cetera,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11455328", "title": "Central Asian sex workers: Missions told to scan women visitors from region", "text": "NEW DELHI: The foreign ministry has asked its missions in central Asian nations such as Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan as well as in Ukraine and Russia to re-examine visa applications of women between 15 and 40 years on the grounds of a spike in the number of sex workers from these regions reaching India.The advice has been issued just ahead of assembly elections and although there may be no connection, apart from larger volumes of unaccounted money sloshing around during the poll season, Indian officials have been asked to rigorously interview female visa applicants.The move is likely to kick up a controversy as it typecasts visa applicants from these nations. Foreign countries regularly scan visa applicants quietly across racial, religious and national profiles, but screening for likely sex workers might be rarer. Women are to be questioned if there is a shade of doubt about their motives for visiting India.\"Indian missions in the region have been in touch with South Block... and it has been conveyed to them to thoroughly screen applications of women who are 15-40 years of age,\" said a source.Central Asia visa scan a delicate taskThe directive to missions in central Asian nations to scan visa applicants to filter out potential sex workers is perhaps the first time the government has taken a serious view of \"sex trade\" from the region, given that the missions are otherwise engaged in an active outreach as India plays catch-up with China in cultivating ties with energy-rich countries.In fact, sources said, the government is being very discreet in trying to cap the \"influx\" of sex workers from a region that is friendly with New Delhi. A source stressed: \"There is no question of it being a deterrent, though, for visitors as all care will be taken to ensure that no genuine tourist is denied visa.\"About 40,000-45,000 tourists from central Asia travel to India every year. The clampdown comes ahead of assembly elections in five states, at a time when the political system is awash with funds that can be used for any inducement, from liquor to other services.According to official estimates, there are 3,000-3,500 sex workers from Commonwealth of Independent States countries in Delhi alone. Lax visa rules until now have allowed many women to illegally stay back in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454592", "title": "Court rap on NDMC over property", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has pulled up NDMC for transferring the ownership of a shop to one of the legal heirs of its late owner on the basis of fake no-objection certificates, purportedly given by other heirs.Coming down heavily on the body, Senior Civil Judge Ajay Goel said, \"All the rules and regulations were flouted in mutating (transferring the ownership of) the property.\"The court's observations came while setting aside the order of an assistant senior civil judge, who had dismissed a complaint against the NDMC by another legal heir, who had pointed out that the NOCs on the basis of which the property had been mutated were faked.The case involved mutation of a shop based at Prithvi Raj market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11460102", "title": "Punjabi film festival begins today", "text": "The capital is set to celebrate its vibrant Punjabi culture by hosting a four-day Punjabi film festival from January 12-15 at Bhai Vir Singh Sahitya Sadan, Gole Market and Odeon Cinema, Connaught Place.The first day is dedicated to documentaries. The films showcased in this section are: Aatu Khoji (by Rajiv), Pakhi (by Gurcharan Singh Channi), Bhai Vir Singh (by Amarjit) and Adda Khadda - The Game of Life (Paramjit Kittu). The screenings will start from 4 pm.Feature films will be shown on the next three days. The film festival will showcase acclaimed films such as Khushiyan, Sukhmani, Ik Kudi Punjab Di and Ekam. The screenings begin at 12.30 pm.Sukhmani stars Gurdas Maan, Juhi Chawla and Divya Dutta . Khushiyan is a family drama directed by Trilok Malik with Jasbir Jassi, Tisca Chopra and Kulbhushan Kharbanda in key roles. Ik Kudi Punjab Di tells a richly-trextured tale from a female perspective against the backdrop of a male-dominated society.Acclaimed Punjabi singer, actor and producer Gurdas Maan believes that the film festival will give an opportunity to Delhiities to know more about Punjabi culture. \"Since Delhi is home to people from different cultures and ethnicities, it will help make people aware of Punjabi films,\" he says.Organised by Punjabi Academy, a body under Delhi Government that promotes Punjabi language, literature and culture in the capital, the second edition of the international film festival, will witness renowned directors, producers and artists of the Punjab film industry.Rawail Singh, secretary, Punjabi Academy, says Delhi has a high percentage of Punjabis yet regional language films are not screened regularly in the theatres. \"Due to this Punjabi films rarely get noticed. The primary aim of this festival is to promote Punjabi films in the capital,\" he said.Balle balle moviesDate: Documentaries on Jan 12 starting 4 pm. Three feature films each from January 13-15 starting 12.30 pmVenue: Bhai Vir Singh Sahitya Sadan, Gole Market (January 12) and Odeon Cinema, Connaught Place (January 13-15)Entry: Free (only with passes): Passes can be collected from Punjabi Academy (DDA, Community Centre, Motia Khan, Pahar Ganj) and Odeon Cinema", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454412", "title": "All\u2019s well when oil\u2019s well", "text": "NEW DELHI: When a recipe calls for ghee or butter, substitute it with canola or olive oil. It can help you shed weight and reduce liver fat, lipids and triglycerides, says a study.The study conducted by the Diabetes Foundation of India (DFI) and the National Diabetes, Obesity and Cholesterol Foundation analyzed the effects of different types of cooking oil - olive oil, canola and other refined oil - on 90 patients with abdominal obesity, high blood pressure and fat deposition in the liver.According to Dr Anoop Misra, director and head of department of diabetes and metabolic diseases at Fortis, 68% patients using olive oil for cooking purposes, in addition to their regular medicines and exercise, returned to normal liver fat within six months.\"About 57% patients using canola returned to normal fat in the same period while only 16% patients using other refined oil could achieve a normal liver,\" he said.He added that there was significant decrease in the waist circumference, body mass index levels and insulin resistance in people, who consumed food cooked in olive or canola oil.\"The group that used other oils, except soybean or sunflower oil - which have a high content of mono-unsaturated fatty acid - as cooking medium had not showed any significant changes,\" said Seema Gulati, chief project officer (nutrition), DFI.She added that mustard oil was not included in the study.Experts said olive oil has more than 70% mono-unsaturated 'good' fats among all edible oils, which reduce bad and triglycerides thus helping to check the risk of heart disease, diabetes and cancer of the liver among others.\"In canola, there is approximately 61% mono-non-saturated fat and 11% omega-3 fatty acid, which are commonly found in fish. For vegetarians, this oil can be very useful,\" said Gulati.In India, olive oil is has been used in cooking for over a decade now and is generally considered an exotic and costly ingredient meant to be savoured with European dishes and salads.Shreyashi Roy, a housewife, said: \"When prepared with extra virgin olive oil, French and continental food items taste better. For most traditional Indian food, and even everyday cooking, I use olive oil nine times out of 10 because absorption of the oil is better.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11455886", "title": "Kin create ruckus at hospital after death of newborn", "text": "KANPUR: The family members of a patient created ruckus at AHM-Dufferin Hospital after a newborn died here on Wednesday. The patient's family alleged negligence on part of the hospital authorities and assaulted some of the staff. The hospital authorities called up the police. Seeing the cops arrive on the premises, the kin finally relented.No arrests have been made so far in the incident.The patient in question, Rajni, was admitted at Dufferin Hospital for delivery on Monday and she gave birth to a baby girl.According to the doctors, both the mother and daughter were fit and therefore, they were to be discharged from the hospital. However, on Wednesday afternoon, a staff asked the family to leave the ward during cleaning. When they returned some time later, the newborn was lying quite still. The family members called the doctors who declared the newborn as dead.\"The exact reason of death of the child is yet to be established as the post-mortem was not conducted. But the allegations of negligence are baseless,\" said Dr Usha Jain, CMO, Dufferin Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11465335", "title": "I want to explore different styles of dancing: Prachi Desai", "text": "...says Prachi Desai , who wants to pursue the cha cha and sambaMY PERSONAL DE-STRESS MANTRA IS... Cutting off from the outside world completely for a while. It could be a few hours or a day or a couple of days. I do visit the spa sometimes to get a therapeutic massage, but I'm not a spa junkie. I used to practice yoga earlier, and it's a great way to rejuvenate, but I couldn't keep up with it owing to my erratic schedules, so I started going to the gym instead. But I'm looking forward to starting yoga again.IN MY LEISURE TIME... I love watching movies and TV shows. I don't read much, but whenever I do it's usually something light and fun, like Almost Single by Advaita Kala. I also love to play squash with my friends, but my schedule doesn't allow me to do it often.A COOK OR A FOODIE... I'm an out an out foodie and a sheer embarrassment in the kitchen (laughs). My favourite cuisine is Italian. I also love Indian and Thai cuisine too, but I can't handle a lot of spice. I would love to learn to cook for myself. Once I gain some confidence as a cook, I will probably invite people over (laughs)! I love eating out for the sheer variety one can have, but being in this profession I do have to count my calories.MY HOBBIES... Dancing! I love to dance, and want to explore different styles of dancing. I wanted to pursue different Latino dance styles like the cha cha and samba, but don't get time to do so due to my busy schedule. Another thing that I really enjoy is travelling. We actors go to shoot in the most exotic locations or travel extensively within the country during film promotions. So for me it's great. That's another reason why I enjoy my work so much.HOMEBODY OR PARTY ANIMAL... I am a total homebody. I rarely go out partying. Parties for me are a part of the job, I attend them if it's a film event or a professional commitment. I often call my friends over and we end up having a pajama party where we watch a film, order in, and go out for a drive later. So that's my idea of unwinding with friends.TIPS TO DE-STRESS Each person needs to identify their own de-stress mantra. Try a few things and see what suits and soothes you best. It could be partying, the company of a few close friends, meditation or just sleep; find out what works best for you.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11457134", "title": "BBMP gets park land for parking", "text": "BANGALORE: The BBMP sure knows how to have its way. When the civic agency proposed to build an underground car parking lot at the Indira Gandhi Musical Fountain park on Chowdaiah Road a couple of years ago, environmentalists were up in arms.The BBMP shelved the project only to revive it in another form: widen the road, gobble up the park area and use it not to decongest traffic but park vehicles. That the premier lung space, where a National War Memorial is now coming up, is being nibbled away is not the civic agency's concern.Work on widening Chowdaiah Road is under way at a brisk pace on the half-a-kilometre stretch abutting the park. The park's compound wall has been pulled down and another wall is being built 5.5 metres deeper inside.S Somashekar, chief engineer, BBMP (major roads), confirmed that the widened portion of the road will be used only for parking space. \"The front portion of the park had been earmarked for road widening to decongest traffic, but now the requirement is to provide parking for four-wheelers. A new single lane will be built in the widened portion and about 50 cars can be parked on this half-a-km stretch. This lane will not be used for vehicular movement, only for parking,\" he explained. However, the Palike is not clear who will be entitled to use the parking lot - visitors to the proposed war memorial in the park or high court judges or visitors to Raj Bhavan. The earlier underground parking lot had been proposed to accommodate Raj Bhavan visitors.WHAT THE LAW SAYSThe Karnataka Government Parks Preservation Act 1975 says parks cannot be used for infrastructure works. When contacted, horticulture deputy director M Jagadish refused to comment on the issue.The Indira Gandhi Musical Fountain Park is maintained and owned by the horticulture department. He said the issue of widening Chowdaiah Road was between the BBMP and the public works department which originally owned the park land. \"The PWD has given away the land to BBMP,\" Jagadish claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11454695", "title": "Fake notes case: One more minor arrested", "text": "GONDIA: Following the chain of arrests in connection with fake notes of Rs1000 each in Amgaon, a minor aged 15 years from Civil Lines was arrested in Gondia on Tuesday.According to Amgaon police, the minor has revealed that the racket has distributed over 50 notes of Rs 1000 each in Amgaon, Salekasa, Tumsar, Goregaon and Wadsa so for.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11455068", "title": "Submit affidavit in kidney transplant: High court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Wednesday directed nephrologist Dr Bharat Shah to file an affidavit after it was informed that he is ready to operate in an intra-family transplant case rejected by the State Authorization Committee.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi was hearing a petition by a brother-sister duo from a tribal pocket in Chhattisgarh. Sonia Vayklip (33) wants to donate her kidney to her brother Ajeet (29) whose kidneys have failed. The state panel rejected her application saying she is \"medically unfit\" as she has stone in the kidney and a stent inserted and that she was found to be \"mentally retarded\".Earlier, Sonia had satisfactorily answered queries posed by the judges.Her advocates R A Shaikh and Muqim Khan told the court that Dr Shah, who is attached to the Lilavati Hospital transplant team, is satisfied that a transplant can be performed notwithstanding the stone.\"He (Dr Shah) was of the opinion that the committee entered into an arena which was not required as it has to verify relationship with the donor and not decide on medical aspects,\" said Shaikh.He said Dr Shah is ready to file an affidavit and even come to court, if required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11456341", "title": "Vishwajeet Krishnarao Rane joins BJP", "text": "PANAJI: Vishwajeet Krishnarao Rane, a panchayat member from Honda in Sattari taluka, along with a large number of supporters on Wednesday joined the Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP) state unit and expressed his willingness to contest against nine-time Poriem MLA Pratapsingh Rane.Welcoming him into the party, state BJP president Laximikant Parsekar, however, said that the party has given no assurance of a party ticket to Vishwajeet for the next assembly election.\"The people of Poriem are tired of Rane, just as he is tired of the people of Poriem. Recently, after people urged me to stand for elections against him, about 6,000 people attended the meeting. This shows the kind of support I have,\" said Vishwajeet, who is not related to Pratapsingh.Vishwajeet's political experience is limited to the panchayat politics of Honda, of which he is a member. But he is confident that if allowed to contest against Pratapsingh, he will secure a victory margin of a minimum of 4,000 votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11454917", "title": "Poor patients get inhuman treatment at SevenHills: BMC", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC on Wednesday told the HC that patients it referred to the SevenHills Hospital in Andheri were \"inhumanly\" treated and compelled to ask for discharge against medical advice.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar was hearing the hospital's petition challenging notices by BMC to vacate the nearly 7 acres land allotted by it to run the hospital. The hospital is ready to provide 20% of its services towards beds, outpatient departments and diagnostics for the lower strata and civic employees but not free medicines.BMC advocate Ashutosh Kumbhakoni said the hospital is not treating poor patients properly. He submitted an affidavit filed by Dr Santosh Salagre, officer on special duty, stating that he came across instances which are \"unethical on the part of the petitioner hospital.\" He said patients are asked to deposit exorbitant amounts before admission. He added that patients are told the fees at the hospital are high and \"at every moment\" informed that their bill is rising. These patients return to the BMC hospital, the affidavit stated.Hospital's counsel Venkatesh Dhond said it wants an unqualified no-objection certificate from BMC to replace its bank mortgage. The judges said if anything untoward happens, BMC should file medical negligence cases against the hospital. The matter is adjourned to January 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11454649", "title": "Maharashtra among 10 states where Christians attacked", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly 2,141 Christians were affected in various forms of violence against the community, stated a report released by the Catholic Secular Forum (CSF) on Thursday.Activists, who highlighted 250 such incidents of crime against Christians in 2011, estimated that the number had doubled since 2010. They sought public attention, more stringent inquiries and an overhaul of compensatory mechanisms to deal with such violence.The forum also underlined the need for the Centre to set up an independent agency to properly document and act upon such incidents.\"The rise in these attacks is a danger sign for the democratic values of our country,\" said researcher Ram Puniyani, pointing out that democracy and secularism in a country were determined by how safe minority communities were.The report claimed that persecution of community members-particularly in adivasi villages-had become more widespread and now covered nearly all states of the country. While Karnataka and Orissa emerged as states with the largest number of attacks on Christians, Maharashtra, too, figured in the top 10 states recording such persecutions.Former judge of Bombay and Karnataka HCs, justice Michael Saldanha, said the state minorities commission was without a vice-chairman for over seven months\"There are two trends in recent times-Christian workers are tagged as Naxalites and missionaries are blamed for converting people,\" said Joseph Dias, CSF general secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11456134", "title": "2G scam: CBI pastes court summons at Khaitans\u2019 house", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Wednesday pasted court summons at the residence of Loop Telecom promoters IP Khaitan and his wife Kiran, seeking their presence in the 2G spectrum allocation case. Agency officials reached the 'permanent address' of Khaitan at New Friends Colony in Delhi to serve the summons but there was no one at home. They left after pasting the notice on the gates.CBI spokesperson Dharini Mishra said the summons were pasted as part of 'normal process' and it should not be construed as the addressees being absconding. The special CBI court, while taking cognizance of the agency's chargesheet, had instructed all the accused to be present before it on January 27 which is the next date of hearing.The agency will undertake a similar exercise on Thursday when court summons will be served to then vice-chairman of Essar Group Ravi Ruia and promoter of Essar Group of companies Anshuman Ruia at their Walkeshwar Road residence in Mumbai, CBI sources said.An Essar spokesperson said in a statement, \"No summons have been received by the Ruias.\"In a statement, Loop Telecom said, \"Mr and Mrs I P Khaitan are non-resident Indians. Their residential address in Dubai has been provided to CBI. Any summons is required to be served at the place where they are residing. Hence, media reports suggesting that they are avoiding summons are completely incorrect and baseless. Loop and the Khaitans have at all stages cooperated with the authorities and continue to do so.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11455093", "title": "Judge bats for school event at Shivaji Park", "text": "MUMBAI: \"Playgrounds are for children,\" the Bombay High Court said on Wednesday while allowing Balmohan Vidyalaya in Dadar to hold 'Bal Din' (a children's day function) at Shivaji Park.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Roshan Dalvi was hearing an application by the Dadar school for permission to organize a \"culture programme\" on January 16, a day after Makar Sankranti.The state government said it has taken a decision not give the park to private parties 15 days prior to events like Republic Day and Maharashtra Day to make arrangements for the parade at the ground.The judges questioned why the government required 15 days to make arrangements for state functions when it would take 2 to 3 days and also if they would use that as an excuse to close entry to the general public. \"We are going to replace the tiles in the high court. We are not going to shut the high court for six months,\" said Justice Shah.Additional government pleader M D Naik said dignitaries, including the governor, were expected to attend the function.\"The Chief Justice of Maharashtra is also attending the function,\" said Naik, Justice Shah riposted, \"May be, but we will pass an order.\" The school's advocate, A S Khandeparker, said the function was being organized annually since the past 70 years. \"It's keeping up a tradition. A small stage will be erected that will be dismantled later. It is essential to invite parents also as there is need for retention of Marathi students. Marathi medium schools will not survive,\" said Khandeparker.Wecom Trust, which filed a PIL and got Shivaji Park declared as a 'silence zone', opposed the use of loudspeakers. Judges said even if loudspeakers are used on a small part of the ground, the sound will not reach the other side. \"It is not some rock concert. Why was the ground declared a silence zone in the first place?\" wondered Justice Shah.To a query, the court was told Hinduja Hospital is nearby. \"It is nice to hear children sing. A playground is for children,\" Justice Shah said. \"Children should not be prevented from playing on the grounds. Why do they require permission? Kids must be encouraged to attend such functions. Instead of watching Little Champs (sic)and other TV programmes,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11455898", "title": "\u2018Tantrik\u2019 arrested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A man, who posing as a tantrik looted industrialist Manish Patel of Rs 14 lakh, was arrested on Wednesday. Kalupur police station officials had earlier received a complaint from Patel, a resident of Naroda. He owns a firm named Perfect Tools and Dyes and his office is located in Naroda GIDC Phase III. Patel told police that he had been hoodwinked by Sudarshan Lokhandi, his son Gopal and brother Thakornath.The trio gave him three bags promising that he will find crores of rupees inside provided he opens them at a specified date. But Patel was shocked to find only newspapers stashed inside the bags.The three remained at large, until one of them called Patel on Tuesday demanding Rs 20 lakh. \"The caller told him that he can still find the money inside the bags but first he must pay Rs 20 lakh for filing the police complaint. We laid a trap and nabbed Thakornath when he came to receive the money,\" said a Kalupur police station official. As per Patel's statement, he had met the trio outside a restaurant on Relief Road in early November last year. A man, who identified himself as a tantric, predicted that Patel would be very rich soon. The industrialist did not pay heed to the man who insisted that he take a rudraksha from him. He also made Patel give him his phone number.\"After a couple of days, the man called up Patel and said that he would soon see a miracle. The industrialist's faith in the godman was boosted when he bagged a couple of contracts soon after. He handed over Rs 5 lakh to the man and also accompanied him to Khedbrahma. In return, Patel was given three suitcases and was promised that he would find a large amount of money at a specific date,\" said a Kalupur police official. Patel trusted the godman and handed over Rs 9 lakh more in December 2011.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "11454734", "title": "4 students injured as buses collide on NH-2", "text": "HOWRAH: Five school students and five passengers were injured when a passenger bus collided with a schoolbus on NH-2 at its crossing with NH-6near Jaypur bill at Howrah on Wednesday. Police seized a truck and arrested its the truck driver for triggering the accident.On Wednesday at around 10.40am, about 25 students of Dankuni's Methodist School were heading for Dankuni from Bally along the toll-free road. A truck was moving alongside the bus. Suddenly, the truck took a sharp right turn at one of the cuts. It was at this time that a Karunamoyee-boundAt the same time, a passenger bus from Dhulagarh to Karunamoyee was approaching from the opposite direction. entering in the same direction.The truck obstructed the school bus.The passenger bus tried to stop in order to avert a collision. But it lost control and collided with the schoolbus. Fortunately, the impact of the collision was not much.Five school students and five persons travelling on the passenger bus were injured. They were rushed to a nearby hospital where they underwent treatment and were later discharged.Police later chased the truck and arrested the truck driver. The vehicle was seized.Locals complained that the traffic intersection was becoming an accident-prone zone. NHAI manager (technical) Abhijit Chakraborty, however, said that a traffic signage would soon be installed at the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11454591", "title": "Perfect 100, but will it mean a place in IIM?", "text": "KOLKATA: After the CAT results were declared a little after Tuesday midnight, Soumyojit Sanyal jumped in joy. He had managed a perfect 100 percentile. But the euphoria did not last long. Because, his last three experiences say that a high score does not necessarily mean a berth at the exalted IIMs.This was the fourth time that Soumyojit had 'belled' the CAT. Though his score this time has been perfect, they were not too bad the last three times either. Every time, he managed above 99 percentile and got interview calls from all the IIMs he applied to. However, he faltered at the interview every time.So this time, he is bracing himself to cross that one hurdle and get into his dream institute. His previous dream, that of getting into the IITs, remained distant. But he will not let this one fail him, come what may. \"I am just keeping my fingers crossed. I don't believe in God, but I am just trying to keep faith in myself,\" said the 22-year-old who is now working at TCS and manages the company's database.However, the whopping score this time will certainly help him, he feels. \"I have also started working hard and work experience gets you some brownie points,\" Soumyojit said hopefully. With his score, he will get interview calls from all the IIMs, but he dreams of studying at IIM Calcutta, because its courses are focused on finance. \"Maths and number crunching have always been my favourites and so I am naturally inclined towards studying financial management. I hope this time I will get into IIM-C,\" he said.Soumyojit, a student of Future Foundation School, got brilliant results in his board exams. He studied metallurgical engineering at Jadavpur University before getting placed at TCS through his campus. He dreamt of studying engineering at the IITs, but couldn't clear IITJEE despite his best efforts, he confided.The other city boy to get the perfect 100, Vishal Kedia was still in a daze when TOI met him. \"I was restless through the night. I had even kept my parents awake. When I finally saw my result, I could not believe my eyes. My parents, too, were in a state of disbelief. They asked me to refresh the page. This time, however, our joy knew no bounds and my phone has not stopped ringing since,\" smiled the 22-year-old commerce graduate from St Xaviers' College.This was Vishal's second attempt at the CAT. \"Even after putting in a lot of hard work, last time my percentile was 95.2. I was heartbroken. During those difficult days, my parents always inspired me. This time, I could put in a little extra effort since my graduation was already completed last year,\" said the resident of Howrah-Shibpur.Vishal's next few days will be spent treating his friends. \"My parents have promised me a surprise gift only after I get a berth in one of the IIMs. My first choice will definitely be IIM-Ahmedabad since they follow a case-based study method,\" he explained.He is confident of getting a job after MBA. \"My parents have spent considerable money on my education. I want to return at least some of it. Maybe later, I will think about further studies. As a career choice, the banking sector at the moment is my preference as I like finance,\" he says.\"My classroom course with Erudite helped me a lot,\" said Vishal. \"Vishal is a brilliant student with great analytical skills and I am very sure he will do great in life. I have worked with him professionally and he has an amazing sense of logic,\" said Kaushik Kapoor, director of Erudite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11456468", "title": "Everyone\u2019s deepest desire: A sexy partner", "text": "WASHINGTON: What you say you want in a mate may not always match up with what you really want, especially when it comes to how sexy your potential partner should be, a new study has found.Researchers at Northwestern University and Texas A&M; University found that no matter how much people say they are looking for someone smart, who they can trust and laugh with, they have an unconscious desire to get a sexually attractive partner.The researchers have even developed a quirky word test to figure out how important physical attraction is to a person, on an unconscious level.\"People will readily tell you what they value in a romantic partner,\" study researcher Eli Finkel of Northwestern University was quoted as saying by Live-Science . \"But study after study shows that those preferences don't predict whom daters are actually attracted to when they meet flesh-and-blood partners.\"Researchers asked a group of students to complete computerbased word-association task, assessing how much they associate physical attractiveness with an ideal partner. As words flashed on the screen, the participants had to pick those they associated with positive feelings. Depending on how strongly they felt about physical attractiveness, words associated with sexiness that popped up during an \"I like\" trial were selected quicker.Results were compared with participants' responses to direct questions about important characteristics in a partner. The two responses differed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11461277", "title": "Warden held for peddling drugs in jail", "text": "NASHIK: A jail warden of the Nashik Central Jail was remanded in police custody on charges of peddling drugs in the prison. Police said Subhash Sable had been suspended in the past on similar charges. On Monday, jail officer Yusuf Sultan Shaikh had lodged a complaint against Sable and two inmates--Datta Gaikwad and Nasir Fadirkhan. The charge was for possession of ganja inside the jail. Police said prison staff had found a packet of ganja on Datta Gaikwad.On interrogation, he said it was provided to him and Nasir Fadirkhan by Sable. After Shaik lodged the complaint, the Nashik Road police arrested Sable and he was remanded in police custody until Thursday.The two inmates could not be arrested as they are already serving in the jail and police need special permission from the court to arrest them.\"Sable had been suspended from the service for a period of five to six years for an earlier offence. However, this time he is not willing to confess. We have therefore decid ed to seek an extension of his police remand,\" senior inspector Dhanraj Dayma said.Police said they found 14 gram of ganja in four packets on Datta Gaikwad. Sable has been arrested under Section 27 of Narcotics, Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act (NDPSA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11456631", "title": "Bringing up Kriti and Aditya", "text": "Even as Bangalore has graduated from a noun to a verb, and become a codeword f IT excellence, the city has changed so dr matically and from the ground up that its residents have to cope with not just changing times but a changing place too. Children have been the hardest hit by the sweeping changes - their playgrounds have gone an an idyllic childhood has given way to a relentless rush for academic success.What's the price we pay? And is it worth it? That's what TOI tries to find out in 'Bang for Kids', a series from today with stories a how working parents are coping with press at the workplace and the home as well as dads are going the extra mile to be better parLife in most middle-class Indian families around the children. Both their present and their future - beginning with their health and education - occupy crucial mindspace. ets Silicon Plateau apart from most other cities is the fact that most working parents gged into the global workplace and they're with deliverables across time zones and geies.ke Nischinth, who could be just about any r IT professional who'd love to read a story is little son Sameer at least thrice a week d tuck him into bed. But he's lucky if he can o it once a month. At night, he has to field nference calls from North America and be o speed on breaking news. For his US coles, the day has just begun, but for this dad rries the niggling guilt like a stone in his e's no escape from work. We are in the middle of sweeping changes in lifestyle, and parents are doing their best to deal with them. There's no magic wand to help them but they're increasingly tapping into the collective wisdom of the crowd. Join us in this journey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454769", "title": "MotoGP star Lorenzo finally gets his driving license!", "text": "NEW DELHI: If there is one thing Jorge Lorenzo can do well, it has to be riding a bike. The Spanish MotoGP rider made his debut in the 125cc Championships at the age of just 15 and has been living on the edge ever since.In his nine-year career, Lorenzo has done it all on the tracks -- notched two 250cc world titles and even won the 2010 MotoGP title. However, last week brought one of the happiest moments of his life. The reason was simple: Lorenzo was finally the proud owner of a driving license having cleared the motorcycle theory test in Barcelona.\"It might sound like a joke for some people, but I didn't have a driving license till last week. That hasn't stopped me from winning three world titles and 17 MotoGP wins. I'll finally be able to take out my Yamaha on the roads. I am planning to buy a new house in Barcelona and it'll be great to take the bike for a quiet lap around the neighbourhood,\" Lorenzo told TOI at the Buddh International Circuit (BIC) in Greater Noida, where he took a few laps in a brand-new Yamaha RZ15, on Wednesday.The 24-year-old, who ended 2011 season in the second position behind champion Casey Stoner with 260 points, was impressed by the BIC. \"It looks like a very modern circuit with wide run-off areas. A wide circuit like this reminds me of the ones in China, Sepang and Turkey . I am sure this infrastructure will provide a very modern view of India,\" he said.Lorenzo is now looking forward to the opportunity of competing in a race in India. \"I am sure that in the near future MotoGP will definitely arrive in India. I am very excited about returning to India and exploring this country in detail,\" the Palma-born rider said.The 2010 MotoGP champion knows the sport is all about riding on the edge but Marco Simoncelli's death last year has put additional focus on safety. \"We are working hard to improve the safety on the track and ensure less accidents on the track. I had a really bad one at Philip Island last year where I injured my finger very badly. But riding a bike is dangerous at the best of times,\" he said.Lorenzo lost the end of one of his fingers in a warm-up injury at Philip Island and his absence helped Stoner wrap up the title last year. Lorenzo underwent a successful surgery in Melbourne to repair damage to his finger, with the surgeon saving the nerves and tendons of the injured fourth finger.The Spaniard is now looking forward to the challenge of riding 1,000cc bikes in MotoGP this year. \"It is going to be a different sort of challenge. An increase of 200cc in a bike is substantial - it'll be much heavier and the riding style will be different. I tried riding a 1,000cc Yamaha bike and I think we'll be much more competitive next year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11453636", "title": "No room: NMC may squeeze political parties out", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is planning to discontinue giving office rooms to political parties. Instead, the rooms would be given to officials who have none. NMC has been providing office rooms along with ante-chamber, landline phone, two or more attendants etc to mayor, deputy mayor, chairman of standing committee, leader of ruling party and opposition group since many years on the ground floor at NMC's Civil Lines head office.In the last five years, it also started giving similar facilities to chairpersons of six consultative committees and eight political parties including Shiv Sena , NCP, BSP, RPI Aghadi, Muslim League, Lokmanch, MNS and BRP-BMS. NMC was spending a fortune on on these facilities. On the other hand, several of its own officials, like deputy director (Audit) and sports and cultural officer, had no independent rooms.Due to space crunch, NMC started using some rooms in new administrative building even before entire work was completed. The leader of opposition had also protested against money being spent on these facilities. There is no provision in the law to provide such facilities. Official sources said municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal discussed the issue with other officials and plans are afoot to allocate the rooms to some officials or departments. With code of conduct in effect, the offices are vacant. Already, two rooms are being used for election purposes.The NMC even provides vehicles to chairpersons of consultative committees and zones which is illegal. There was strong protest against this. Still, the administration is yet to take any action in this regard.The space crunch is really showing. Executive engineer (JNNURM) Prakash Urade has his table placed at the entrance of his cabin. This is because of burgeoning number of files in the cabin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11455421", "title": "Is ICICI mall plan transforming into housing complex?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Having failed to take off in the last six years, is the ICICI Venture-led Jubilee Hills Landmark project coming up near KBR Park in Hyderabad's plush Jubilee Hills area, turning into a housing complex?There is much speculation that the project that was coming up on the 5.7 acre plot is turning purely residential and that it would be the most expensive property the city has seen. While its original plan included a star hotel, multiplex and international retail outlets, it is said that the promoters of this venture (comprising Maytas and Nagarajuna Constructions apart from ICICI) are banking on the high residential pricing it would attract in this part of the city.Those familiar with the development note that the project might have a pricing of Rs 10,000 to Rs 15,000 per square feet (sft). While a final plan is still awaited, those in the know say that the premises will have 300-350 sprawling houses, each measuring over 3,500 sft.It is learnt that the reworked project plan will be submitted to the GHMC shortly. \"They have not yet submitted the plan but they did make enquiries last week about the possibility of turning it into a completely residential project,\" said G V Raghu, chief city planner, GHMC.The project was stalled after the founder of Maytas Properties and the erstwhile Satyam Computer Services , Ramalinga Raju , got embroiled in the mega accounting fraud.The consortium had picked up this premium property for a jaw-dropping Rs 335 crore from the state government way back in 2006. Though no work has taken off at the site in all these years, the project had features such as a five-star deluxe hotel, service apartments, retail showrooms and branded residential space (as per ICICI Venture's website). While plans for such mixed use of land was submitted with the government, the approvals had not been accorded for various reasons. Now, however, the design has been redone to make it more economically viable, said industry sources.When contacted, the official developers of the property, Bangalore-based Mantri Developers Pvt Ltd (which replaced Maytas from the project in December, 2011), refused to say anything categorically. The chairman and managing director of the firm, Sushil Mantri, however hinted that the promoters were still toying with a few possibilities, and going residential was one of them.Market analysts familiar with the project, however, are sure that the project will stick to the revised plan, considering the current state of the real estate industry. \"Commercial property, irrespective of its location, cannot fetch anything more than Rs 4,000-5,000 per sft in the city. So, considering the amount of money that the group has spent in buying this land, a retail modelwould not be profitable ,\" said an expert, explaining just why the consortium opted out of its original design. Officials of ICICI Venture could not be reached despite repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11455843", "title": "Mumbai Marathon: Early start, redone route could lead to improved timings", "text": "MUMBAI: In 2010, when the iconic Bandra-Worli Sea Link was added to the Standard Chartered Mumbai Marathon race route, many had hoped for a substantial improvement in race timings. Rather, it slowed down the proceedings, thanks to Mumbai's famous morning heat.Last year though, the timings improved. We even saw a course record of 2:09.54 being set by Ethiopian Girma Assefa. But again, it was more due to the cool conditions prevailing at the time.This time, for the ninth edition of the country's premier running event, the race organizers have decided not to depend on the weather. They have, instead, altered and tweaked the marathon route a bit, besides advancing the start time for all categories.\"We can't call it a major change, because the route is still the same. We have just made some subtle changes. The runners will still cross the Sea Link, but at the 14km mark, and not the 24km mark as it used to be earlier. Also, some runners had complained of a bit of confusion at one section of the course near the Worli end of the Sea Link. We have addressed that part too,\" said race director Hugh Jones, while unveiling the 2012 SCMM route map on Wednesday.Jones said by crossing the Sea Link while going out, rather than while coming back, the runners will avoid the heat which was a hindering factor for many for the last two years.\"The start time for elite athletes will be 7.25am, while that for the amateur runners will be 5.40am. We have advanced the timings by 15 and 35 minutes, respectively, which we hope will aid in improving the timings as the runners will get to run in cooler conditions for a longer time. This is an important race for Indian athletes, as the timings here will be counted for Olympic qualification. We hope these changes will be beneficial for everyone,\" Jones, who has been associated with the SCMM since its first edition in 2004, added.IAAF race referee Dave Cundy, meanwhile, was hoping for the prevailing pleasant conditions to last till Sunday. \"If the weather remains cool like this, we might see quite a few sub-2:10 timings, which is great for an event of this stature. We might also get to see one or two Indians making the Olympic cut on Sunday. That would be icing on the cake,\" the Australian said.TOI are the media partners of the SCMM, which is being promoted by Procam International.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11461484", "title": "Kate Beckinsale's costume challenge", "text": "She might have been at ease doing daredevil stunts, but when it came to her attire, actress Kate Beckinsale faced one of the biggest conundrums in her career.The incident occurred on the sets of her next release Underworld Awakening, the fourth installment in the hugely successful Underworld franchise. it has been almost a decade since the actress starred in an Underworld film.It was her trademark sexy leather costume that posed one of the biggest challenges on the sets for Kate. \"It was actually a bit funny. You put anything on that you first put on nine years before and you kind of go, 'Bloody hell, I hope it fits!' I was rather relieved that it was fine. But it was a bit of a time-travel moment,\" she said.The actress also had a hard time doing an underwater scene wearing the tight corset as it diminished her lung capacity. \"It's very hard when you've got a corset on to take a big enough breath to actually be underwater for very long. So that was kind of tough. But it was a pretty smooth shoot, I have to say,\" she added.Underworld Awakening, directed by Mans Marlind and Bjorn Stein, is releasing in India in 3D on January 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11456001", "title": "Indulal Yagnik learnt lessons of nationalism from Ireland", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The architect of Gujarat, Indulal Yagnik learnt his lessons of nationalism in Ireland, wherein he was secretary of the Joint Independence League to gain support for India's independence during 1932-33.In his autobiography that has been translated now into English recently, the freedom fighter has written extensively on how he was deeply influenced by the nationalist movement of the Irish people. During his stay in Dublin, the leader wrote, \"Whenever I roamed in the city's market place, I could always sense people's eternal struggle for independence. All over the British empire, cricket was being played but with the establishment of the national gymnastic association, cricket was completely boycotted here.\"Writing on how the Irish held the revolutionaries like Wolfe Tone, the Manchester Martyrs and participants of 1916 Easter Rising in high esteem, Yagnik noted, \"On the other hand, how was it that there was no celebration of the leaders of our 1857 struggle such as Nanasaheb, Tatya Tope, the Rani of Jhansi and the Nathu brothers who sacrificed themselves in the Poona plague, or Khudiram Bose or Kartar Singh, Bhagat Singh or Jatin Das? These questions used to bother me. How was it that a revolutionary association like Sinn Fein did not come into existence in our country?\"Yagnik's proximity with the communists in Dublin got him branded as a person with extreme left ideology. Members of the Joint Independence League began complaining about his leanings, though Yagnik always maintained he was falsely charged. His colleague Madame MacBride wrote a letter to Sardar Patel and registered her opposition to Yagnik's activities in collaboration with the communists.Yagnik was even compelled to make a clarification about his stand during a meeting in Dublin, where Sardar was present. The Congress party stalwart told the League members they could change the secretary, and this led to Yagnik's resignation. He continued to stay in Dublin till June 1933, till acute financial crisis forced him to go back to England and later to Bombay.The tag of a communist resulted in funds he used to receive from Indian friends being blocked. But he decided not to change his stance, and when he left Dublin, he wrote in a chapter titled as 'National Training in Dublin', \"I had learnt some lessons about socialism and communism in London . But the radical nationalist traditions of Ireland gave me a new training.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11458803", "title": "Acid test for Ibobi as he eyes hat-trick", "text": "IMPHAL: For the man who first brought \"political stability\" in Manipur, which was once infamous for its \"aya Ram gaya Ram\" politics, the 2012 assembly elections will be a real acid test. Chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh is eyeing a hat-trick after successfully presiding over Manipur for the past 10 years, during which it has seen many volatile agitations, ethnicconflicts, fake encounters and 121 days of economic blockade.But, at the end of every crisis, Ibobi always emerged a \"winner\" though the problems remained unresolved. Manipur may be small in size but its problems are huge, sometimes they are so complex that even New Delhi failed to address them. And, both the Congress high command and the Centre found no alternative to Ibobi.\"We will win an absolute majority this time,\" said Ibobi, who brought the Congress to power for two consecutive terms single handedly. \"Manipur has lots of problems, we tried to address them by respecting the interests of all sections and communities,\" he added.There is no serious challenger to Ibobi even after five parties ---- the NCP, RJD,CPM, JD (U) and Manipur People's Party (MPP) ---- formed an opposition alliance. In the past 10 years, he has almost finished his political opponents. Many believe a change could only come from within the Congress and his rivals inside the party are rallying behind statePCC chief Gaikhangam, a Zeliangrong Naga tribesman.With a weak opposition, Ibobi was having a dream run until seven major militant outfits jointly called for a ban of the Congress in this election. In fact, the militants have become the chief minister's biggest enemy in this election. Congress candidates are unable to campaign freely with rebels continuing to attack party workers.\"Such threats are on the surface, but they can never reach the hearts of the people,\" said Ibobi.Khumujam Ratankumar, a Congress MLA, said, \"This election is an acid test as it will show how much support we have in spite of the strict enforcement of the ban and attacks on Congress candidates.\"Manipur has a history of toppling governments with its MLAs behaving like chameleons. Until Ibobi became the chief minister in 2002, no government had completed its full five-year term. Ibobi not only became the first CM to complete his full term, he also brought the Congress to power for two consecutive terms against all odds in 2007, with enhanced numbers. The CPI has been his main ally in the government.\"He is the most powerful politician Manipur has ever produced. He can take the state's problems to Delhi and the Centre also listens to him,\" said N Biren Singh, senior Congress minister and government spokesman.But, the Ibobi government is accused by many human rights activists for allowing police commandos to indulge in extra-judicial killings. He is also being accused by many of failing to ensure proper supply of essentials during the 121-day blockade by Kuki and Naga tribals.The president of the opposition Manipur People's Party (MPP), Nimaichand Luwang, said, \"During the 10-year rule of the Ibobi Singh-led government, the state has witnessed fake-encounters, killing of a pregnant woman by the police in the middle of Imphal city, prolonged curfew, price hike, corruption and unprecedented economic blockade.\"Bimol Akoijam, associate professor of sociology at the JN University, New Delhi, felt that though Ibobi has brought political stability, his tenure has been marked by failure in governance.Ratankumar defended, \"Our government has managed to solve all delicate problems even if the solutions are not 100 per cent perfect. The Congress today remains the only party that represents all communities and respect all sentiments.\"During his first term, Ibobi faced wide-spread agitation against the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) after the rape and murder of Manorama Devi by Assam Rifles personnel in 2004. He defused the agitation in spite of opposition from the Centre by repealing AFSPA from Imphal city (covering seven assembly constituencies). He doused public anger by convincing the Centre to remove Assam Rifles personnel from the historic Kangla Fort. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh handed over Kangla Fort to Manipur in November 2004, thereby ending 113 years of occupation by the British and Assam Rifles.His second term was notoriously marked by extra-judicial killings by the police. Ibobi sent the state police commando force for joint operations with the army. This led to a virtual police raj. The anti-Ibobi wave culminated to an agitation when police commandoskilled a reformed militant and a pregnant woman in a fake encounter in the crowded Imphal market in July 2009.However, Ibobi managed to turn the tide when he prevented NSCN (IM) leader, Thuingaleng Muivah, from entering Manipur. He sent strong police contingents along the Manipur-Nagaland border to stop Muivah. His strategy worked, and the people soon hailed him as the only leader who can challenge the NSCN (IM), which threatened Manipur's boundary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11454726", "title": "Mumbai biz body invites CM", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee's efforts to make Bengal a preferred investment destination are likely to get a big boost from an unexpected quarter. The Mumbai-based Indian Merchants' Chamber, one of the oldest chambers of the country, has invited her to address its members on February 7.This assumes significance not only because Indian Merchants' Chamber is the one of the leading business bodies of the country, but also because the Tata Group is a member of this century-old organisation. History might come full circle for the Bengal chief minister on February 7 if the audience list includes some names from the Tata Group.The members of IMC include the who's who of corporate India - the likes of Bajaj Auto , Reliance Industries , Tata Group, Reliance ADAG, Godrej and Aditya Birla Group. \"All the major industry houses of Mumbai are members of this chamber,\" said former president and chairman Bajaj Electricals Shekhar Bajaj said.Singur marked the revival of the opposition movement in the state - and is also seen as the nadir of Bengal's industrial drive. It was in Singur that the Mamata-led opposition first rocked the Left Front government, which was still basking in its landslide victory in the 2011 assembly polls. Singur eventually lost the Nano project, which moved to Sanand in Gujarat. Rata Tata had earlier indirectly blamed Mamata for the exit of Nano project from Bengal.However, after Mamata came to power Tata congratulated her. Significantly, after the AMRI incident, the Tata Group supremo had hailed Mamata Banerjee (on Twitter) for her leadership although the state government and the Tata Group are still fighting a legal battle on Singur. This is also Ratan Tata's last year as chairman of the Tata Group. Next year Cyrus Mistry, the younger son of Pallonji Mistry , will take over as chairman of this multi-billion dollar conglomerate.State commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee told reporters on Wednesday that the Indian Merchants' Chamber has invited Mamata Banerjee and himself to address a gathering on February 7. \"We have got an invitation from Ram Tarneja in this regard,\" he said. Tarneja is a past president of IMC.\"If Mamata decides to address IMC members then that will boost the image of Bengal,\" a former president of the chamber said.Bhavna Doshi is the president of the chamber while Niranjan Hiranandani is the vice-president. Its annual 'India Calling' programme brings investment and trade opportunities in its target countries and in India to the attention of business and political leaders. Target countries hitherto have included Singapore, UAE, the UK, South Africa and Canada.Indian Merchants' Chamber, established on 7 September 1907 in Mumbai, represents interests of Indian trade, commerce, and industry. It was organized originally during the days of the British Raj to promote trade, commerce, and industry by Indian entrepreneurs. At one point of time Mahatma Gandhi patronized it and in 1931 accepted its honorary membership - a rare honour bestowed upon any chamber of commerce in this country.After Independence, the IMC continued its association with eminent personalities like Jawaharlal Nehru , Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, Dr Rajendra Prasad , Dr S. Radhakrishnan, Lal Bahadur Shastri , Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11455799", "title": "Carnatic flowers bloom in Saptak garden", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Bombay Jayashri Ramnath is idolized by Carnatic connoisseurs because her singing expresses the atoning purity of a stotra. Since her intellectual command is absolute, her instincts are supple. Ramnath did not come to the Saptak Music Festival - on Day 10 - with a precooked programme. \"I planned the repertoire after considering the ambience,\" Ramnath told TOI. But she is unassuming about her creative facility. \"I owe it to my guru, Lalgudi Jayaramanji,\" she said.The concert opened with 'Deva deva' in Raga Poorvi Kalyani. Ramnath then shored up her hymnal force with 'O Jagadamba' (Ananda Bhairavi). \"The rendition included Kalpanaswaram which demonstrates a singer's power to experiment with a raga,\" said Jayanti Ravi, a Carnatic exponent and senior bureaucrat based in Ahmedabad. The finale was Raga Bihag which followed Raga Charukeshi ('Sarasa dala nayana Shri Krishna').\"The performance touched the soul,\" said Ravi for whom a highlight was Ragam Thanam Pallavi embedded in Charukeshi. \"In Thanam, the enunciation of syllables spurs improvisations,\" Ravi said. Pallavi is akin to 'mukhda' (opening line) and allows a singer to traverse octaves. And the audience travelled to the Carnatic sanctum sanctorum with Ramnath as an authoritative and welcoming guide. If Ramnath showed that Bihag - a Hindustani raga - can flower in the Carnatic garden, Mohan Veena maestro Pandit Vishwamohan Bhatt proved that the South Indian Charukeshi can flourish among Hindustani blossoms.Pandit Bhatt's sovereign hold over Hindustani music produced a miracle. Playing with Amita Dalal - a sitarist who is among Manju Mehta's senior-most disciples - Panditji transformed Hamsadhvani, Jog, and Charukeshi into youth anthems. Panditji, Dalal and their accompanists won tumultuous ovation after every piece. \"Our aim was to entice the younger generation,\" said Panditji. Dalal was delighted that the goal was achieved. \"Several young people said after the concert that they wanted to learn classical music,\" he said. Panditji has won purists' devotion and a Grammy; and on Tuesday, he substantially expanded his prodigious following.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "port blair", "code": "11461790", "title": "Andaman &amp; Nicobar tribals' dance for food: Case registered against unknown persons", "text": "PORT BLAIR: Police have registered a case against unknown persons in connection with the shooting and uploading of a video showing semi-naked Jarawa tribal women dancing in front of tourists.The case was registered under the Indian Penal Code, Information and Technology Act, Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribes and Protection of Aboriginal Tribes, official sources said here today.Andaman and Nicobar Police have formed a special team led by a Deputy Superintendent of Police which will seek help of cyber cell of central agencies in cracking the computer from where it has been hosted.The case has been registered under section 292 of Indian Penal Code (showing obscene material), section 67 of IT act (Publishing of information which is obscene in electronic form), section 3 (2) of Schedule Caste and Scheduled Tribes (forces a member of a Scheduled Caste or a Scheduled Tribe to drink or eat any inedible or obnoxious substance).The case has also been registered under section 7 (entering buffer zone for commercial activities) and section 8 (promoting tourism activities through any advertisement about Jarawa tribes) of Protection of Aboriginal Tribes.The issue sparked a controversy when London-based newspaper \"Observor\" reported the alleged incident and also uploaded a video.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454808", "title": "Single-window clearance for buildings soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Getting the requisite clearance for your building will soon be a breeze. Delhi Urban Arts Commission (DUAC) is working on a draft proposal that recommends simplification of building bylaws and setting up of a single-window clearance system. The proposal will be sent to the urban development ministry.The body is also toying with the idea of establishing a committee of independent architects to evaluate the merits of buildings which do not follow bylaws and consider whether they should get a waiver.DUAC chairperson Raj Rewal said the present system of getting permission for new buildings is not only complex but also long-winded. \"At present, building bylaws require multiple approvals of fire authorities, airport authorities and Archaeological Survey of India. It's a long procedure,'' said Rewal.Often, recommendation of the authorities are at cross purposes with each other which only compounds the delay. \"We want to simplify the bylaws by exploring the possibility of setting up a single-window clearance system,\" DUAC member Sonali Bhagwati said.Several agencies have been asked to send their respective building bylaws to formulate a checklist, required for a common nod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460971", "title": "Ramsrushti project stuck at drawing board", "text": "NASHIK: Five years after the Ramsrushti project was conceptualized, it is still to move away from the drawing boards. Conceived by the then deputy mayor, Ajay Boraste, the project-to be set up as part of the ambitious Godavari Riverfront Development Plan-is still awaiting the administration's clearance.The aim of the plan developed by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) was to boost tourism. \"The NMC has acquired over 50 acres at Tapovan for Ramsrushti,\" Boraste had said while announcing the grand design. The concept of Ramsrushti, which the administration and the local leaders believed to be perhaps one-of-its-kind in the country, is to show the complete Ramayan along with its characters through a laser show.\"Many heritage spots, ghats, temples right from Sundarnarayan Temple to Naroshankar Temple were to be included along the heritage walk where no vehicles would be allowed. An amphitheatre and laser show has been planned to depict the mythology of Ramayan. We have planned Ramcharitra that would narrate the life of Ram through laser or statutes. But it could not materialize because the funds are not yet available,\" Boraste said.The then municipal commissioner, Vilas Thakur, had said the project would be a major attraction for tourists and has been brought under the ambit of Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).According to the information procured from Public Works Department by TOI, the plan was to develop the land between Laxmi Narayan Mandir and the bridge at Tapovan. A concrete ghat had already been constructed during the Simhastha Kumbh Mela, which leads to Godavari-Kapila Sangam.It is proposed that the existing ghat will be extended towards the Laxmi Narayan bridge for 100 meters. Also, a pocket of land, 12,000 sq mt, would be developed as Ramayan Theme Garden.\"Fountains, amphitheatre, traffic signs, furniture, parking facility, etc would also be included,\" said PWD engineers.\"This has been one of the agendas in our manifesto and we will be pursuing it,\" Boraste said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11455173", "title": "Power woes set to ease as Jhajjar plant gets cracking", "text": "GURGAON: With the first 660MW Mahatma Gandhi Super Thermal Power Project getting commissioned in Jhajjar on Wednesday, the power situation of Gurgaon might get better in the coming weeks. The plant is the first coal-based power generation project set up by an Independent Power Producer ( IPP) in the state. The project had kicked off in 2009.The plant is based on the latest state-of-the-art super-critical technology. Super-critical technology is advantageous because of higher efficiency, lower fuel consumption, less emissions and quick response to the grid requirements. The chief minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda , inaugurated the plant and the first unit was synchronized with the national grid.With the first unit of the plant getting functional, the state will get about 158 lakh additional units of electricity daily. The plant's second power generation unit of 660MW unit would be functional is likely to be completed in July this year. With HPGCL as the nodal agency of the project, the government had awarded the project to CLP Power India Pvt Ltd. The commissioning of the project had increased the total installed generation capacity within the state up to 4,390.5MW. Regarding availability of power in Haryana, Hooda said HPGCL has been contributing more than 40% of the total power supplied to the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11456076", "title": "Goa to be 1st state to implement poll monitoring system", "text": "PANAJI: Goa will become the first state in the country to implement the poll monitoring system (PMS) in the entire state in the March 2012 assembly elections.Addressing media persons on Wednesday, North Goa district election officer (DEO) Mihir Vardhan said voters at every booth in all 40 constituencies will be photographed on web cameras attached to computers and also digitally fingerprinted. Besides reducing the workload substantially, PMS is expected to help in preventing impersonation and bogus voting.All the computers will also be networked and connected to a central server from where voting trends at all booths will be monitored. Whether to upload these details in real time on the internet is still under the consideration of election authorities.Goa was the first state in the country to implement PMS at the Valpoi byelection in October 2010 and later on in the civic elections for the Corporation of the City of Panaji. \"The poll monitoring system was a success in both elections and the election commission of India has now approved it to be implemented for the full state. Goa will be the first state to implement PMS,\" Vardhan said.While the election commission of India has approved an expenditure of Rs 1.84 crore for the hardware required for the system, all political parties in Goa have agreed to the implementation. The fingerprinting and photography of each voter is expected to take 40 seconds. Vardhan said election authorities in Goa have taken care to ensure that one polling station has a maximum of 800 voters to prevent delay in voting. Still, as a precautionary measure, the Goa chief electoral officer has requested the election commission of India to allow one more hour of voting in Goa. Voting will therefore be held from 7am to 5pm instead of from 8am.The North Goa district election officer has also requested for 15 companies of paramilitary forces for North Goa and expects a similar force to be requested for South Goa. Vardhan said the election machinery has identified 77 sensitive and hypersensitive polling stations in North Goa and will take appropriate steps to prevent any untoward incident there.Vardhan said that in vulnerable areas like Chimbel and St Cruz, a sector officer will be deployed to talk to voters and convince them to come out to vote without fear.The DEO's office has already done a first-level check on 1,132 electronic voting machines. Repairs have been initiated on some of the 946 polling stations in North Goa to provide toilet facilities and fresh drinking water to voters. A total of 6,500 polling personnel will be deployed on election duties in North Goa and training programmes are being conducted for these. The election commission of India will deploy 415 expenditure observers for the 23 constituencies in North Goa other than the 11 general observers for North Goa district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11455159", "title": "Close shave for commuter as boom barrier falls on car", "text": "GURGAON: A commuter had a narrow escape during the peak hour on Wednesday while crossing a toll gate on the Delhi-Gurgaon border when all of sudden the barrier fell on her car bonnet. Fortunately, the barrier did not shatter the windshield or damage the roof of her silver Honda City car.Last year, in a similar incident cricketer Yuvraj Singh's mother Shabnam Singh's car was also hit by a boom barrier.Wednesday's incident was reported around 11.30am, when the commuter was proceeding towards Delhi after paying the toll at the second toll gate from the left. She was taken aback by the impact of the crash of the barrier on the car. \"At first, I could not understand what transpired as everything happened within a fraction of second. I had finished paying the charge and the gate had opened subsequently, but the next moment it landed on my car. It seemed like that the system controlling barrier's movement was hanging,\" the commuter said. She lodged a complained with a toll plaza official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11448192", "title": "Sunny Leone is trying to fool Indian public: Amar Upadhyay", "text": "Amar Upadhyay is angry. In fact, extremely angry! And it is none other than international porn star Sunny Leone, who has rubbed him the wrong way by alleging that the actor had tried to get too 'touch-feely' with her during the tasks in the Bigg Boss' house. We bring you Mihir Virani nee Amar unplugged...'Fooling Indian Public!' The actor, who is aware of the shocking remarks made by Sunny in various newspapers and magazines, thunders: \"What the hell have I done to her? I merely kissed her hand in a task! And what does she think she will have to do in Jism 2? Wahan hath nahin bahut kuch kiss karenge! The fact is that XXX-porn star Sunny Leone is trying to fool Indian public! Bringing her in a family show like Bigg Boss doesn't augur well for Indian culture. Just read the 250-plus comments that have been posted on the Bigg Boss' website on that particular episode of Sunny and me. Women have openly blasted her for making false accusations against me. She is ruining the psyche of 12-year-old boys in India, who are now doing google search on her after reading about her pornographic escapades and seeing her on telly.\" 'Paap Dhone Aayi Hai?'Seething, he goes on to add: \"I wonder why has Sunny come to India? Kya woh yahan apne paap dhone aayi hai? After doing all those pornographic activities in front of public along with her so-called husband - who is a lukha and sporting those silly tattoos - she is now accusing me of trying to be physical with her? Excuse me! I have worked with actresses like Divya Seth, Smriti Irani, Aditi Govitrikar, Raima Sen among others. And till date, all these women adore me! I'm here in this industry for 18 years, and I have earned people's respect as a man of character. I had participated in a game show like Bigg Boss to play a mind-game and not to make relations or for anything else! I was angry with myself when my basic decency made me keep quiet even as I was being accused of weird things in the house because I didn't want to disrespect a woman on national TV, even if she is a porn star.\"Producers beware! The actor cautions all the Bollywood producers to tread with caution. \"Hindi film producers should think 100 times before considering Sunny. Tomorrow - she may accuse them of sexual harassment for shaking hands with her! She only wants publicity,\" he thunders. 'One-woman man!'Ask him if these allegations made by Sunny have disturbed his wife Hetal, and pat comes the reply: \"Hetal is not disturbed at all! She knows I'm a one-woman man and I love her because she has won my trust, and I value her beyond everything else!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11456975", "title": "IISc to host Sir MV geospatial chair", "text": "BANGALORE: Geospatial initiatives doing fairly well at IISc are set to get a fillip now. The department of science and technology (DST) has announced the Sir M Visvesvaraya Geospatial Chair at the premier institute beginning this year.The announcement came at the 11th annual meet of the National Spatial Data Infrastructure (NSDI) at IISc on Wednesday by NSDI CEO Dr R Siva Kumar. The DST acted on a proposal by the Karnataka State Council for Science and Technology (KSCST) and assessed that IISc was the best institution in the city to host the chair.DST recently launched an initiative to set up chairs to pay tribute to eminent scientists in institutions across the country. A fixed fund and two junior research fellows will be attached to the chair who will be a scholar in geo-spatial science.IT/BT secretary MN Vidyashankar said the state government had set up a task force on geospatial data to examine the numbers in Karnataka. He also launched a geo-spatial website. S Subba Rao, surveyor-general of India, said geo-spatial data in Andhra is complete, the first state in the country.WHAT IS IT? Geo-spatial refers to the relative position of things on the Earth's surface.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11456256", "title": "SP gets back his cabin after IGP intervenes", "text": "PANAJI: Twenty days after being uprooted from his cabin by another officer from the Goa police service, SP Tony Fernandes is back in his cabin thanks to the intervention of IGP Sanjay Singh.When SP (security) Tony Fernandes returned from his one day casual leave on December 22, he found that he was without a cabin at the police headquarters in Panaji. Left with no option, he had been hopping from one cabin to another and at times even sitting at the conference room.Sources said that recently SP Allen De Sa who was posted as SP (coastal security) had shifted to SP Tony's cabin after his was occupied by SP Vijay Singh who was holding charge of general administration. As there was shortage of rooms for SPs at the police headquarters, police made arrangements for SP Allen to shift to the ANC SP's office above the Panaji police station. However, in SP Tony's absence, SP Allen moved to his cabin.\"On the IGP's instructions, SP (headquarters) sent a wireless message asking SP Allen to immediately vacate SP Tony's cabin and relocate to the cabin allotted to him above the Panaji police station. He shifted to the cabin allotted to him on Tuesday,\" added sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11454041", "title": "TERI studying climate change impact on state", "text": "PUNE: The Energy and Resources Institute (TERI) has undertaken a study of the impact of climate change on the state in order to identify critical areas of concern and to come up with solutions to mitigate the loss.TERI director general R K Pachauri told reporters on Wednesday that the exercise, which began nearly two years ago, will be completed in a year's time. \"Maharashtra has a long coastline and vast tracks of agricultural land, many of which are rain fed. It is already witnessing a rise in sea level and it is time the state initiates some measures,\" Pachauri said. He said TERI field teams are collecting data which is being analysed and processed using the government's supercomputer in New Delhi.The institute will identify methods which can be useful in dealing with extreme situations which the state may face as a result of climate change, he added.TERI is conducting similar studies in Rajasthan, Gujarat and West Bengal and will suggest solutions relevant to them, he said. \"Issues such as climate change cannot be handled only at the central level. It needs the involvement of state governments as well as local communities, who are likely to bare the brunt in case of any extreme event.\"Pachauri earlier addressed a meeting of real-estate developers and industrialists to apprise them about the various developments under the Green Rating for Integrated Habitat Assessment (GRIHA) initiatives which TERI has designed for the ministry of new and renewable energy, Government of India. He said all future structures of government and semi-government bodies will have to adhere to the GRIHA standards and there is a move to make these standards mandatory for all constructions in municipal areas. He said 160 construction projects comprising 7.5 million sq ft of area are registered under the GRIHA initiative, 20 of them being from Pune. \"TERI teams are helping these projects in complying with the expected standards and are also monitoring their progress.\"Satish Magar, president of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers Associations of India, Pune, said the developers' community has seized the advantages of eco-friendly construction and has adopted many measures even before any talk of GRIHA standards began. Tax concessions and other financial incentives offered by municipal corporations for energy efficient structures are evoking good response from real-estate buyers as well, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "11454871", "title": "Businessman shot in Howrah", "text": "HOWRAH: A man was found murdered near Dhulagarh Chowrasta late on Tuesday night. The deceased was identified as Rajkumar Singh. Police retrieved his bullet-ridden body from the roadside and sent it for post mortem. An inquiry has been started.Singh used to run a transport business. On Tuesday, he had gone to Ranihati on his own truck for work. On his way back from Ranihati, he came to a petrol pump at Dhulagarh. He then went out for some time but did not return. His body was found by the police from beside the road. The 40 year old was a resident of Belur.Howrah superintendent of police Rabindrabnath Mukherjee said that a probe has been initiated into Singh's death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11454013", "title": "Use of prepaid electricity meters catching on fast", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL) has fitted 2,644 prepaid electricity meters in Pune in the first phase.The prepaid meters are in demand because of the following benefits: 5% concession in bills, no late fee, meters made available for free, no time-limit for use of electricity after recharge, no disconnection at night and on holidays, in case recharge is exhausted, online recharge available on. Recharge can also be done at the distribution company's subdivision office.Consumers who are opting for prepaid meters are given a consumer interface unit with the meter for free, which shows readings of power consumed, paid and balance amount. The unit also gives an intimation to recharge when a balance of Rs 100 is left. The prepaid meters help consumers use electricity judiciously. \"In South Africa, prepaid meters have been fitted in the homes of 33 lakh consumers from the low income group, which has helped in energy conservation ,\" the statement added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11456168", "title": "Truck rams into 4 vehicles, 2 motorcycle-riders injured", "text": "VARANASI: Two persons sustained serious injuries when an out-of-control truck rammed into four vehicles in Pandeypur area on Wednesday morning. Two bike-riders were injured in the incident, out of whom the condition of one is critical.According to reports, the driver of a fertiliser-laden truck lost control on his vehicle while exiting from Pandeypur flyover. The out-of-control truck first crushed two motorcycles and then hit a pick-up van and a car, before coming to a halt. The driver of the truck fled from the scene, leaving his vehicle abandoned.Two motorcycle riders, Ashok Maurya of Phulvaria and Ashok Kumar of Lohta, suffered serious injuries in the incident. They were taken to Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Hospital, where on noticing a sharp deterioration in the condition of Ashok Kumar, the doctors referred him to SSL hospital of BHU.Meanwhile, the police reached the spot and seized the truck. Investigations into the case are on.Auto-lifters nabbed: In a late night operation on Tuesday, the Sigra police succeeded in nabbing two notorious motorcycle-lifters near Jal Vihar Colony. The accused were identified as Rajesh Singh alias Bunty and Rakesh Yadav of Cholapur. Following a tip-off from the accused, the cops conducted several raids in the district and had recovered five stolen motorcycles by Wednesday morning.According to SP City, Bunty has stolen several hundred vehicles from Varanasi, Sonbhadra and Jaunpur. During police interrogation it also came to light that he had also taken a contract for killing a trader in Sigra area. The police also recovered two country-made revolvers and live cartridges from the possession of the two accused.Cabin man killed: Hariram, a cabin man of railway, was run over by a speeding train near Sagarpali railway station under Phephana police station in Ballia district on Tuesday night.Woman dies: Kanchan Devi, a native of Kaneti village under Ghorawal police station in Sonbhadra, was killed after she fell into a well on Wednesday. The incident took place when the 30-year-old victim was trying to draw water from the well.Imposters nabbed: The Sonbhadra police nabbed three imposters near transport office in Preetnagar under Chopan police station on Tuesday night. The trio was extorting money from a truck driver by posing as police constables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11456521", "title": "Curchorem Front to fight against Cong, BJP at polls", "text": "MARGAO: In an attempt to provide a viable alternative to the electorate from Curchorem constituency, moves towards forming a third front are gaining steam. The regional force consisting of motley groups of like-minded people from the area has been christened 'Curchorem Front' and is mulling over propping up an independent candidate to fight against the Congress and the BJP candidates. In what could be a cause of concern for the state BJP leadership is the fact that several local BJP workers are also a part of the 'Curchorem Front'.\"People of Curchorem are fed up with the mining traffic congestion. And if BJP gives the ticket to Nilesh Cabral, once a close aide of Curchorem MLA Shyam Satardekar, it is foolhardy to expect any change in the state of affairs,\" Sanjay Dessai, who has formed the Curchorem Front, told TOI. \"If either Satardekar or Cabral get elected, it will be the same story again,\" Pradeep Kakodkar, convenor of Mission Bypass, said. The Front is in the process of constituting a screening committee that will scrutinize the shortlisted candidates. \"If our candidate wins, there will be a monitoring committee to keep a tab on his performance as the MLA,\" the third front leaders said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11455318", "title": "MCG, minister spar over chaupal", "text": "GURGAON: The gulf between the municipal councillors and the state government seems to be widening. A councillor has now accused a state minister, who is also the local MLA, of removing the plaque of the chaupal in her ward that was recently renovated and inaugurated by the mayor last week.The mayor, meanwhile, said that such incidents are being provoked to make matters worse between him and the chief minister worse.According to Sunita Kataria, Ward 14 councillor, the MLA, Sukhbir Kataria, did so to take credit for renovating the chaupal. \"This is a 200-year-old chaupal and over Rs 40 lakh belonging to the MCG was spent on renovating it and on my request, the mayor and his team inaugurated it last week. However, on Tuesday some men came at the behest of Sukhbir Kataria and pulled down the plaque saying that the minister wanted his name on the tablet. This is not just a condemnable act but is also an insult to the mayor,\" she said.She went on to add, \"He did the same when he was with us in INLD before joining the Congress party. He would never let the Congress MLA do any kind of inauguration in Gurgaon. He just wants to take the credit for any kind of development work done in the city. If he actually wanted to renovate this chaupal, he could have done so in the past two years after he became the MLA and later minister. We have proof to show that he was responsible for this act and we will lodge a police complaint.\"The minister, however, tried to distance himself from this controversy. \"I am not aware of any chaupal being inaugurated last week and moreover there is no reason why I should hinder any development work taking place,\" he told TOI.Meanwhile, the mayor has taken up the case with the commissioner and has asked him to order an inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11453580", "title": "\u2018Unauthorized colonies in BJP areas ignored\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Development work in unauthorized colonies have come to a standstill in the wake of the regularization scam prompting BJP on Wednesday to accuse the Delhi government of not developing unauthorised colonies that were issued provisional certificates in its constituencies.BJP members Mohan Singh Bisht and S C L Gupta alleged that the government had stopped work in several colonies which were issued certificates. They said the works were stopped because those areas were being represented by BJP MLAs.A notice issued by the department of Urban Development in November last year sought to put on hold certain development work sanctioned in 285 colonies awaiting regularisation as Survey of India maps showing the boundaries of these areas were awaited.Citing this notice, BJP MLAs lashed out at the Congress-led state government, and urban development minister AK Walia in particular, demanding that the order be revoked and works sanctioned in keeping with a directive issued after a review by Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit in January 2011 be resumed. Strongly refuting the allegations, Walia said that the maps of colonies have been sought from the Survey of India and already 300 maps have been recieved.\"More maps are expected in the coming days. In the next 10 to 15 days a decision will be taken so that development work can resume. The maps will give us a clear idea of the boundaries of 2002 so that development works can be carried out in those areas,\" Walia added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11453813", "title": "Youth have a major role in nation-building: Tharoor", "text": "PUNE: Former Union minister of state for external affairs Shashi Tharoor has said that youngsters, especially students, have a vital role to play in the process of nation building. \"The youth should not hesitate from joining this process as they have several role models before them to emulate,\" he said.Tharoor was addressing the session 'Where is India's Obama?', at the ongoing second Indian student parliament at the MIT School of Government, on Wednesday.\"The average age of Indian population is 28 and yet the youth has a lesser access in terms of playing active role in the nation building, owing to the tendency of according importance to age and experience in Indian politics. Somewhere, this is leading to restiveness.\"Tharoor said, \"The rise of Barack Obama as president of the United States (US) has three dimensions viz. Obama's social background; his youthfulness as a leader and mission-oriented efficiency in work.\"\"Obama represents the minorities and comes from a social background that constitutes barely 20% of the US population. Yet, the fact that he could get an opportunity to lead the US speaks volumes about the maturity of democracy in America,\" he said. \"It also reflects on the leadership skills of Obama, who had to overcome issues like apartheid and slavery,\" he added.Tharoor said, \"India too has a stable democracy mainly because it follows the principles of great leaders like Mahatma Gandhi and Gautam Buddha. We are a land of diversity with several religious practices, 23 languages and 22,000 dialects. In a way, these diverse sections are referred as minorities and we are a land of minorities. Yet, our strength lies in managing consensus amid such diversity.\"He said, \"If one takes a look at India's leadership from the past, the minorities have held several key positions -- starting with Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar, who rose from his Dalit backgrounds to author the Indian Constitution, Presidents K R Narayananan and APJ Abdul Kalam and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , who represents a community that is barely 2% of the Indian population. It is instances like these that make Indian democracy strong.\"Vice-chancellor of Mumbai University Rajan Velukar presided over. Founder head of MIT Vishwanath Karad and MITSoG dean Rahul Karad were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11456507", "title": "Cong\u2019s screening panel meet on Friday", "text": "PANAJI: The deferred screening committee meeting of the Congress party is scheduled for January 13 in New Delhi where Union minister Oscar Fernandes and his team will \"screen\" the shortlisted names of candidates for the March 3 assembly polls.Sources said that many a Congress ticket aspirants will be headed for the national capital in the next two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11457275", "title": "Five IAS, 16 IPS officers shifted", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Election Commission on Wednesday transferred five IAS and 16 IPS officers in Uttar Pradesh . IPS officials shifted include two who were posted in the districts, Basti and Bahraich, going to poll in the first phase of assembly elections on January 8.The 2001 batch IAS officer Aparna U has been made district magistrate (DM) of Ghaziabad in place of SPL Sushil. MKS Sundaram has been appointed DM Hardoi in place of AKS Rathore. Rathore's replacement was attributed to his retirement from service on January 31.Among other UP bureaucrats shuffled on EC orders include Rajesh Kumar, who has been appointed DM Chandauli in place of VK Tripathi. The Commission also appointed K Vijendra Pandyan as DM Lalitpur in place of CP Tiwari, and M Devraj as DM Pratapgarh, in place of Ranjan Kumar.Among the IPS transfers, PK Mishra has been made DIG Basti range in place of Gyan Singh. DIG Moradabad NK Srivastava has been replaced by Amitabh Yash.Among district police chiefs, AK Raghav has been made SP Bahraich, Upendra Agarwal is SP Jaunpur, Dharmendra Singh is SP Sant Kabir Nagar, Sachi Ghildiyal is SP Sant Ravidas Nagar, Prashant Kumar II is SP Unnao and Rakesh Pradhan is SP Etah.With permission from the EC, the UP government has also transferred three senior PCS officers -- Pravina Mishra, Om Prakash Pathak and Satish Chandra. While Mishra has been made ADM (West) Lucknow, Pathak is new ADM Bulandshahr and Chandra is assistant commissioner Meerut.Earlier in the week, UP Chief Electoral Officer Umesh Sinha had said the Commission had received complaints about several bureaucrats and IPS officers being at their current places of posting for longer than three years. The decision to transfer such officials was, therefore, pending.On Wednesday, after issuing the transfer orders for IAS and IPS officers, Sinha also confirmed that the EC has asked UP chief secretary Anoop Mishra to submit a compliance report to the Commission by Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460938", "title": "Nashik Run a hit for tenth year running", "text": "NASHIK: Around 15,000 Nashikites braved the morning chill to participate in the annual Nashik Run organized by the Nashik Run Charitable Trust (NRCT) on Sunday.The event began at 8am with NRCT trustee Salil Raje welcoming the former and present organizers of the run. The Indian flag was unfurled and the national anthem sung. The torch was carried by athlete Monika Athre, accompanied by Anjana Thamke, Govind Roy, Suresh Wagh, Kishan Tadvi and coach Vijendra Singh. NRCT chairman A Gopikumar addressed the mammoth gathering, \"This is the tenth year of the event and since 2003 we have helped more than 190 organizations,\" he said. The run was inaugurated by a person with special needs, Yugandhara Joshi.Sachin Shinde's dance academy warmed up the chilly morning with some exercises and dances, after which the five-km run began. Differently-abled persons ran along a different route, followed by children, VIPs, teams from different organizations, and others. The event ended with a lucky draw.Amongst enthusiastic Nashikites, some foreigners from the corporate sector also participated in the run. German couple Thomas and Catherine Mebecs participated in the run with their 8-week-old child. \"I walked with my child for three km. I am in Nashik from the past two years and have participated in the run earlier. I have been walking holding my child every day,\" said Catherine, a sportsperson who jogs, swims, and plays tennis regularly. \"I had to stop all these activities while I was pregnant,\" she said.\"We sold 20,000 T-shirts and have managed to collect Rs 70,000. The people of the city have been very enthusiastic about this event. We did not even have to advertise a lot this year around. People know that this is an annual event held on the second Sunday of January, so we just have to make an announcement two weeks prior to the event. Today, we had our biggest crowd in ten years because of the good work that we have been doing,\" said Gopikumar. \"Every year, we collect between Rs 70,000-80,000 through the event. This amount goes to NGOs who are helping tribal people and children receive medical help, get schools and drinking water facilities in their villages, etc. We have been doing a lot of charitable work but what we are planning now is to support people in a sustainable way rather than just for a year,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11459091", "title": "No assurances against military coup in Pakistan: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Amid growing tension between the civilian and military leadership in Pakistan, US has said it had not sought or received any assurances from the Pakistani army that it would not stage a coup. \"I'm not aware that we've sought any assurances, and I don't think we're aware that we've beengiven any. This is a matter for Pakistani officials and the government leaders there, military and civilian, to work out ,\" said Navy Capt John Kirby , a Pentagon spokesman.Meanwhile, Pentagon Press Secretary George Little said US chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen Martin E Dempsey, has spoken to Pakistani Army chief Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani .\"My understanding is that Chairman Dempsey has been in contact with Gen Kayani. It was a productive and professional conversation. I'm not going to get into the details. But that call has taken place,\" Little told reporters.The timing of the call was not divulged, except that it has taken place within recent days. Yesterday, Pakistan plunged into fresh turmoil with the powerful army warning Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani of \"grievous consequences\" for his recent criticism of the military and ISI, and the Premier taking them head on by sacking the defence secretary over the memo scandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11456606", "title": "Fake letter blows lid off hackers\u2019 espionage claim", "text": "NEW DELHI: A sensational claim by a hacker group -- that India was secretly granted access to the data networks of Apple, Nokia and Blackberry -- which triggered a formal US investigation, could be based on an elaborate hoax.Hacker group 'Lords of Dharamraja' claimed that India was granted backdoor access for surveillance of Nokia, Apple and Blackberry phones, and Military Intelligence used it to access communications of a US-China commission.To prove its claim, the group posted a six-page letter from the Directorate General of Military Intelligence (Foreign Division), which gave details of the information Indian intelligence had accessed from the US-China Economic and Security Review Commission (USCC).Military and intelligence sources on Wednesday said the letter of the Foreign Division of DGMI was a fake. There was no such communication, nor was there a Colonel Ishwar Singh, who purportedly signed the letter, posted in the division, they said.Sources also said the intelligence agencies had carried out an elaborate check of the six page letter, and concluded that it was a hoax that tried to mimic the military communication style such as fonts, formatting etc. But there were several dead giveaways in the letter that exposed the hoax.The USCC, emails of which were part of the purported MI letter, has however ordered an inquiry, according to international media reports.The six-page letter put up on the net by the hacker group Lords of Dharamraja claimed that the ministry of defence and the smart phone operators had signed an agreement by which Military Intelligence was granted backdoor access in return for these companies' continued presence in the Indian market. The letter said MI and CBI \"have been conducting bilateral cellular and internet surveillance operations since April 2011\".Sources laughed off the claims. While CBI carries out federal criminal investigation and has no role in intelligence gathering, MI does not carry out any significant interception and surveillance work. Among military intelligence agencies, it is the tri-service Signal Intelligence which carries out such heavy duty interceptions. Otherwise, it is the Research and Analysis Wing and National Technical Research Organisation that does aggressive interceptions for India.Lords of Dharamraja had also claimed that it had stolen the source code of Symantec's anti-virus system. \"As of now, we start sharing with all our brothers and followers information from the Indian Military Intelligence servers, so far we have discovered within the Indian Spy Programme source codes of a dozen software companies which have signed agreements with Indian TANCS programme and CBI,\" the group said in a statement posted on a website called Pastebin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11454679", "title": "Retail realty commands unreal prices", "text": "KOLKATA: Believe it or not, it is at least twice as expensive to lease retail space in Kolkata than Bangalore or Hyderabad. There are even instances of property in the city commanding as much rent as one in Mumbai or Delhi.\"I can get a retail property in Bangalore or Hyderabad for Rs 50/sq ft. But the situation is peculiar in the east. In a place like Patna, realtors are demanding Rs 100/sq ft. In Kolkata, it is obviously higher than that,\" Reliance Trends senior vice-president (operations) Akhilesh Prasad said on Wednesday.He was among several top officials of retail firms who came down heavily on artificially jacked up realty rates in Kolkata and rest of the east. Speaking at the East India Retail Summit, they said the deliberate cartelization of real estate players in the city kept other players out of the market and controlled the quantum of development in a manner that ensured the demand-supply situation was always skewed.According to market trackers, lease rentals in Kolkata and its outskirts range from Rs 50/sq ft to Rs 350/sq ft with the average rate hovering around Rs 200. While vanilla stores in Garia go for Rs 50/sq ft, Forum Courtyard - the premium mall on Elgin Road - commands Rs 350/sq ft. The average rate in Mumbai and Delhi is around Rs 350 with some prime properties in the commercial capital going for as high as Rs 1,000/sq ft.RP-Sanjeev Goenka Group general manager Sanjeev Mehra, who was earlier at the helm of South City Mall, pointed out that while real estate prices recorded a cyclical trend of hitting the roof and then bottoming out, it strangely remained firm all through in Kolkata. And this, he felt, affected growth of retail in the city and elsewhere in the region.\"We do not have enough brands in the city. We need to be more open and attract more brands to differentiate between malls,\" he remarked.Multiplex chain Cinepolis has been scouting for properties in the entire region but has had difficulty finding them. The company's business development head, Bimal Sharma, felt the east would lose out if it did not get its real estate strategy straight.Prasad agreed: \"Retail growth in Kolkata is far behind other metros. The market exists but there is no real estate for retailers to move in. The city needs at least 20 more malls to be on a par with other cities in offering customers a proper retail experience. There is a crying need for quality retail space.\"Apparel firm Turtle's chief strategist L Sridhar, too, felt the realty rates in Kolkata were a tad too high. \"Compared to Hyderabad, real estate prices are at least 20% more in Kolkata. The only reason we will continue to invest here is because the growth prospect is very high in Kolkata,\" he said.A realty major acknowledged that prices in Kolkata were unnaturally high due to supply constraint but denied it was due to cartel. \"There is collaboration in the market but I don't think there is cartel formation. Rarely will you see five real estate players coming together to do a high-ticket project like it happens in Kolkata,\" he said, referring to South City project on Anwar Shah Road and Urbana in Chowbagha.The situation is further compounded by a high 95% occupancy at malls in the city. With only RPG Galleria under construction at present, the supply crunch situation will persist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11457212", "title": "Kites of the world", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sturm Rolf, a kite flyer from Germany, was busy making a new kite to suit the wind direction and speed - a kite that would fly high at the festival. While fixing his designer airplane-shaped kite, Rolf said, \"I visit Rajkot, Bhuj, Vadodara, Jamnagar while I am here for the festival but flying kite at the riverfront is altogether novel experience. It is different due to the suddenly-changing wind direction. This is the fifth time I've come back to participate at this festival in Ahmedabad as I simply love flying kites at this venue.\"The changing wind direction, relaxed flying zone times, enthusiastic crowds and tasty food, were the major attractions for many international kite flyers at the festival. With huge crowds of enthusiastic onlookers constantly cheering the kitist, there was a festive ambience at the venue. About 87 kite flyers from 24 countries, 70 from nine Indian states and about 200 domestic kite flyers from Gujarat participated by flying kites of different shapes, sizes and colours at the festival in Ahmedabad on Wednesday.Kite flyers were from 24 countries including US, UK, New Zealand, Singapore, Malaysia , Thailand , Indonesia , Korea, Holland , France, Germany, Austria, Ukraine , Turkey , Cambodia , Japan and more. Many of the kite flyers who came, have attended Kite Festivals in many other countries including England, Thailand, Malaysia, China, Mexico and France. \"The experience at the Indian Kite Flying Festival beats them all,\" said Gadis Robin, flyer from Singapore who is attending the event for the tenth time. A group of eight flyers from Austria chose to fly 'smile' kites. \"I give nine points out of ten to this festival,\" said Loki Tes, a flyer from Austria, who flew a hand painted 'ankhedaar' kite. \"My granny hand painted this Indian design kite especially for this festival,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11456046", "title": "GOPIO opens chapter in state with Guj varsity", "text": "AHMEDABAD: GOPIO, a global organization which was founded at the First Global Convention of People of Indian Origin in New York in 1989, announced the opening of its Gujarat chapter in association with the Gujarat University (GU) on Wednesday.To mark the launch of the chapter, Gujarat University Study Abroad Program and the Global Organization of People of Indian Origin (GOPIO) hve organized a two-day conference on 'India, Diaspora - Inter Linkage and Synergy' on January 12 and 13 at the varsity's convention centre. This will be the first such event to be organized at the newly-built centre.The initial thrust of GOPIO was fighting human rights violation of people of Indian origin. It has now developed into a large umbrella network having 70 chapter engaged in prompting well being of non-resident Indians (NRIs) and people of Indian Origin by enhancing cooperation and communication between groups of Indians living in different countries and in furthering their cooperation with India.GOPIO chapter and Gujarat University would now be working towards achieving the objectives and mission of this global organization by creating a forum and an opportunity to network for NRIs and NRGs who are settling back in India, said Dr Nirja Arun, director of Study Abroad Program. \"This chapter will provide opportunities to share ideas and interests on common interests with visiting NRIs and would also help in social, community and philanthropic causes of the local community, as well as, develop activities such as youth exchange programmes with GOPIO India Chapters and GOPIO network around the world,\" said Arun.Various dignitaries, including Gujarat University vice-chancellor Parimal Trivedi; founder president and chairman emeritus, GOPIO, US, Thomas Abraham; Chairman of National Federation of Indian-American Associations (NFIA) Chandubhai Patel; former director of NFIA Nirmal Sinha; NRG and US politician Neil Patel; and chairman of NRG Centre, Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry K H Patel were present at the event.Speaking on the occasion, Dr Thomas Abraham said, \"People of Indian origin constitute a global community of over 28 million people. Today, GOPIO has 70 global chapters to look after the issues NRIs/PIOs and to mobilize their resources to benefit the Diaspora and the countries they live in as well as their motherland India.\"\"It has been estimated that, PIOs living outside India have a major combined yearly economic output. While India would like to attract business and investments from the Indian Diaspora, GOPIO has been providing a platform and networking opportunities to the communities so as to engage them with India and in the process mobilize Diaspora's professional and financial resources to benefit India,\" added Dr Abraham.Trivedi said that the role of Gujarat University is to create a bridge between the communities of Diaspora with natives. \"People have to get involved into mutual partnership and must create an environment for portability oriented projects like research to gain mutually.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11461387", "title": "Onion prices at APMCs fall by 19%", "text": "NASHIK: The average wholesale price of onions in various Agriculture Produce Market Committee (APMC) markets in Nashik district has declined by up to 19.23% in a week due to the arrival of fresh stock.The average wholesale price, which was in the range of Rs 350-Rs 400 per quintal on January 6, fell to Rs 315 in Lasalgaon APMC on Wednesday.Onion traders resumed auctions on Tuesday after a three-day strike to protest recovery of levy for weighment, handling and so on. The stir had created panic among farmers who had already harvested the fresh crop, which has a shelf life of less than three weeks. After the strike ended, farmers started bringing their crop to the APMCs in large quantities, market sources said.\"The arrival of fresh Kharif crop in large quantities has led to prices crashing in APMC markets. Arrival of the late Kharif crop is expected from January 15. As a result, the average wholesale onion prices are expected to fall to Rs 250 per quintal in a week,\" said an official from Lasalgaon APMC.The average wholesale onion price in Pimpalgaon APMC fell from Rs 390 a quintal on January 6 to Rs 325 on Wednesday, while at the Yeola APMC, the price dropped to Rs 335 per quintal from Rs 350 a quintal last week. The onion prices at the Nashik APMC remained constant at Rs 400 per quintal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11456423", "title": "'Don\u2019t call me sir, call me Mario\u2019", "text": "His art is incomparable, but among the many legacies left behind by Mario Miranda one that is closest to me is the Museum of Christian Art. Setting it up helped me understand the man-a giant in his field- who said to me, \"Don't call me sir, call me Mario\". It was then that I realized what simplicity was all about. And Mario, however high he might have climbed, remained simple to the very end.As a national awardee I was pursuing a career in fine arts and training in restoration at INTACH, Lucknow, and Mario, then convener of INTACH for Goa was looking for a professional to set up a Christian Art Museum in Goa. My director referred me and there was created a bond that remained strong throughout.If it was not for Mario's belief and constant support, that idea of a museum would never have been conceptualized. It took two years to document and archive the artifacts for the museum, and I, young and idealistic, would often stand firm, refusing to bend over. At such times, Mario would mentor- through talks and letters-convincing me to be more realistic and less passionate.He didn't want me to step down from the position. He once flew from Mumbai to convince me not to put in my papers and when I finally quit as curator, Mario, too, backed out from the project. That's a Mario I will never forget. Today, with more experience behind me, I am able to appreciate the reasons why he wanted me to continue and I often regret I didn't.Mario did much for Goa and Goans-for its heritage and its many monuments. Much of it was done silently and has gone unnoticed. It was his encouragement that led to my own documentation and restoration of Goa's ethnography through the Goa Chitra Museum.While we bonded during our association with the Christian art museum, it wasn't the first time I met Mario. I had admired his work and once as a college student, having won a dramatics competition with others and wondering how to get back home, the legend came to our rescue, sending his car and driver to drop us home. That was the simplicity of the man.Somehow Goa forgot to value the man who gave so much to the state. The man whose art gave identity to Goa's tinto (market place), careira (colonial bus), poder (baker) and padre vigar (vicar).Today, Mario is no longer with us but his work and spirit lives on. Sadly, the Goa government refrained from providing a state mourning for one of the its greatest and illustrious son. Hopefully, they won't forget him when to comes to naming an art centre or gallery.The writer is curator, Goa Chitra Museum", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11454913", "title": "A funny Uncle Sam show this", "text": "PATNA: Indo-US stand-up comedians, Azhar Usman, Rajiv Satyal and Hari Kondabolu, had the city's old and young alike splitting their sides as they made fun of themselves and their family members at the 'Make Chai Not War' show at Rabindra Bhawan on Wednesday evening.The celebrated comedians were performing for the first time in Bihar. The show was organized by the US embassy in New Delhi and American Corner-Patna.Azhar, who sports a huge beard, spawned thunderous laughter when he ridiculed himself in Hindi: People think I am from Taliban because of my beard. They get scared as they think I have come to kill them. But don't get frightened. I haven't come here to kill you.Azhar, who has his roots in Bihar with his father hailing from Ara town and mother from Alamganj in Patna, also made fun of his name. \"Pretty girls in the US get confused. Some pronounce it as Azzuuurrrr, others call it Hhhhuuzzzrrr.\"Satyal's show was equally hilarious. \"Usually no one at my home in Ohio speaks Hindi. It is only while fighting that my parents use Hindi.\" Even though Rajiv presented his comedy in US English, his mimicry on ethnicity, culture, religion and emigration of Indians to the US, drew rounds of applauses.\"Gujarati-American mothers ask their children if they want snakes (snacks). And the child says, 'no I am not hungry any more',\" Satyal said as he made fun of Gujarati people's English accent.Kondabolu used similar themes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11447596", "title": "I found my students in Pune slums: Sivamani", "text": "When drumming maestro Sivamani plays for the Times Pune Festival tonight, the outcome is sure to be magical...He's a percussionist beyond compare and happily claims that he has acquired his drumming talent in his mother's womb. But there's more to virtuoso musician Sivamani than his passion for music. As the ace percussionist Sivamani comes to the city to perform at the Times Pune Festival, PT brings you the excerpts of a rendezvous with the man...So, we're in for a musical treat tonight? I'm very happy every time I play for Puneites. Thanks to the Times Pune Festival, I am looking forward to rock the city. It's going to be a New Year Special. I'm carrying my Lion head with me and I hope to create magic with it during my solo stint. I may also bring to stage a Sufi singer who is a part of our group Asia Electrik along with Louiz Banks and me.How do you manage so much of percussion and electronic gear simultaneously? I just enjoy the sound as I hear it in everything around me. The high and low frequencies of sound bewitch me. Whether I am in a shop, in the bathroom or listening to noise that my fans make...everything is music to my ears; and drives me. I just put all these things in rhythm when I'm playing.But, what about the perfect sync with others on-stage? I just follow the music while playing in a group and freak out when my solo stint comes. It was something that I learnt from Zakirji ( Ustad Zakir Hussain).So, you enjoy solos the most? Absolutely! In fact, I enjoy the most when the power goes off. I just keep on playing what I love. Recently, while playing with A R Rahman during a concert, his piano gave up due to some technical problems. I kept on playing without a gap while changing the rhythm in-between. No one noticed the shift and people felt that it was a part of our act.Recently you spent time playing for slum children in Pune... For a long time, I have been inclined to start a school for the talented children. While in Nasik for a show, a friend of mine suggested about these few slum children in Pune, who he said, were gifted with a natural sense of rhythm. After I met them, I realised that I had finally got my students.But, don't you have more reason to visit the city often now? After all, your son Kumaran, is studying in a Pune college... Yes, Kumaran is pursuing a course here, but I don't meet him very often as I don't want to disturb his college life.Is he coming to watch the show today? I'm trying to pull him out for some time from his hostel. I might ask him to join me during my solo.So, Kumaran also wants to be a percussionist? Having carried forward the legacy from my father, I would love to see my son doing the same. But as a father, I'm fine if he wants to pursue something else. Drums are his passion and he already plays well, but I have told him; if you want to be a good drummer you have to overtake me. So, he has tough competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460300", "title": "Blame-game over delayed slum rehab project", "text": "NASHIK: The fate of a Rs 4-crore slum rehabilitation project at Survey 90, Shivaji Nagar, Satpur, hangs in balance as the local corporator has blamed the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC). NGOs in the city said while the corporator, Dinkar Patil, was insisting on the project, the municipal commissioner had not made it clear if it would be executed.The NGOs had objected to the hacking of trees at the site in May last year. \"The project was cancelled after 10,900 objections from NGOs, probably the highest in the state and even the country. We had even spoken to deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar about the issue,\" activist Vasudha Phalke said.\"The corporator is obstinate although almost all NGOs in the city came together to stop the dubious project,\" said Mandar Oltikar, another activist.Maharashtra Navnirman Sena legislator Nitin Bhosale, who raised a calling attention motion on the issue last year, said that 1,916 out of over 4,000 trees would face the axe.\"If the place is not for slum rehabilitation, why call for tenders?\" asked Bhosale. A contract of Rs 4.65 crore was okayed although the land was not in the NMC's possession, Bhosale claimed. \"It seems their only intention was siphoning off funds. The NMC should take back the money from the contractor immediately. An offence should be registered against the municipal corporation,\" he said.Municipal commissioner B D Sanap said the project in the new place will be transferred to the earlier contractor. He said the space was reserved for housing and a hospital for the poor, \"but trees were planted by the NMC without planning\".He said space was not available when the time came to construct houses. \"When we went to inaugurate the housing project in survey 91, we saw full-grown trees and cancelled the hospital project. Now, the district collector has given us space to construct houses, so this land may not be required.\"He said they were seeking more land for the slum rehabilitation project from the collector so that the trees can be saved.Bhosale said the corporator had planted trees in open spaces, which were likely to be cut during road-widening in future.\"It is a gimmick to siphon off funds. Women from self-help groups have been assigned the task of nurturing the trees and they are being paid for it. This is a trick to put poor women at the forefront and take money. I will raise another calling attention motion this winter session. ,\" he said. \"The beneficiaries have not been finalized, they wanted them from various pockets. But this being far away from the city, no slum-dweller will be willing to go there. According to the Rajiv Gandhi slum rehabilitation scheme, houses for poor are to be constructed where slums exist,\" Bhosale said. Patil, while agreeing that the beneficiaries were not decided, said the trees he planted on either side of the road in his ward would not be felled during road-widening.Sanap said the trees will not be cut at present but he did not rule out that possibility during road-widening in future. He did not make it clear if the project was likely to be carried out in future at Survey 90.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11456652", "title": "Supreme Court chides itself, govt for judicial backlog", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anguished over the state of affairs of the justice delivery system, the Supreme Court on Wednesday said people's faith in judiciary was dwindling at an alarming rate, posing a grave threat to constitutional and democratic governance of the country.If the apex court highlighted the non-filling of nearly 300 posts of high court judges to reflect the deficiency in itself as HC judges are selected and recommended for appointment by a collegium headed by the Chief Justice of India, it was highly critical of the government for talking tall about fighting the pendency of 2.77 crore cases in trial courts but doing nothing on the ground.A bench of Justices A K Ganguly and T S Thakur was unsparing in its comments while candid in acknowledging the woes - large number of vacancies in trial courts, unwillingness of lawyers to become judges, failure of the apex judiciary in filling vacant HC judges posts and the dragging of feet by the Centre in keeping its promises.On the vacancies in HCs, the bench said, \"The Allahabad High Court is the largest high court but 50% of judges' post are lying vacant. It is an area of grave concern. People are getting more and more aware of their rights and want speedy justice. The courts cannot stop filing of cases on the ground that there are vacancies. But the vacancies in the HCs are not getting filled. This is posing grave threat to constitutional and democratic governance system as people are resorting to extra-judicial methods to sort out their disputes.\"Turning its attention to the government, the bench said UPA-2 had with much fanfare announced the Vision Document promising to appoint 5,000 ad-hoc judges to wipe out a pendency of 2.77 crore cases in the trial courts. \"Three years have gone by. Except for the announcement, nothing has been done. The scheme is also wholly unworkable as lawyers were not interested in permanent posts of judges and would they take up ad-hoc appointments to dispense justice on a daily wage?\"Amicus curiae and senior advocate Gopal Subramaniam, who as solicitor general had contributed to the drafting of the Vision Document in 2009 when M Veerappa Moily was the law minister, joined the bench in criticizing the government. \"When the government says it respects the judiciary and its independence, there is a hidden line in it. The courts are not being given importance that is why the justice dispensation system is in such a disarray,\" he added.But, the bench said how would the judiciary ask the government about what it has done. \"The government will say 'out of 900 sanctioned strength of high court judges 300 are lying vacant, why don't you appoint',\" it said.However, it wanted to seek answers from the government on amicus curiae's suggestion that access to justice must be made a constitutional right and consequently the executive must provide necessary infrastructure for ensuring every citizen enjoyed this right. It also wanted the Centre to detail the work being done by the National Mission for Justice Delivery and Legal Reforms. The hearing would continue on Thursday.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11456318", "title": "Govt readies for Suryanamaskar record despite Muslim clerics' objection", "text": "BHOPAL: Disregarding increasing flak and vocal protests from the minority communities, the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government is preparing for its annual state-wide Suryanamaskar show on Thursday, hoping to get it into the Guinness Book of World Records .The state government believes this year's exercise could edge out Kazakhistan, which holds the Guinness record for holding the largest mass, multi-location, aerobics demonstration.Over one crore people, including some 50 lakh students are to perform mass Suryanamaskar, a state government statement said. While the CM will take part in the event at Bhopal, his ministers have been asked to lead it in various district headquarters.BJP MPS, MLAs, presidents of district panchayats, mayors and other elected representatives too have been directed to participate in it, alongwith NGOs and others.School education minister Archana Chitnis informed that large-scale participation has been ensured for the mass Suryanamaskar this year, through ``special efforts''. The exercise will be held in all government and private educational institutions, ashram shalas and panchayats of the state, beginning from 9 am.Meanwhile, minority groups are trying to prevent children of their community from being forced to take part. Don't miss school, just skip the 'suryanamaskar' - Muslim organisations are busy exhorting students, while the Isai Mahasangh (IMS), a prominent Christian body, says it will approach the Guinness authorities to ignore the planned world record feat sponsored by Madhya Pradesh government.In the wake of a 'fatwa' ratified by Muslim religious leadership here against taking part in the exercise, the MP unit of the Coordination Committee for Indian Muslims (CCIM) has set up watch committees across the state for the event.These would look for violations of the High Court order of August 2009, which forbids authorities from compelling any student to participate in the mass suryanamaskar. The HC had also ordered that no student should be penalised for non-participation.Appearing unfazed by the criticism, the chief minister has, however, declared that participation in the exercise would not be made compulsory.\"We would immediately approach the court if we get complaints of students being forced to participate,\" said CCIM (MP unit) spokesperson Masood Khan. The organisation is urging students not to miss their classes fearing they would be compelled to participate. ``We had observed that every year, many students skip school on the day of this exercise,\" he added.However, speaking to TOI, the city Qazi, Abul Kalam Qasmi said, \"Parents should take a call on sending kids to school, if there is apprehension that the child may be forced.\"The newly appointed Qazi maintained that suryanamaskar, which involved 'bowing before the sun', was against Islamic tenets. \"If a Muslim performs the 'suryanamaskar' the child and his parents would both be accountable in the act of felony.\" Qasmi maintained.IMS State General Secretary, Jerry Paul said, \"We have followers of different religions studying in these schools. The state government is trying to divide young minds by introducing religious activities of a particular religion. Many schools are facing pressure from the education department to conduct this unconstitutional exercise,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new sarabha sagar", "code": "11455815", "title": "Anoop climbs success ladder, wins award for best IT firm in north", "text": "NEW SARABHA SAGAR: Anoop Gupta, 43, is a graduate in humanities who worked as a karate instructor till some years ago, but that has never come in the way of his success as the owner of an e-commerce and IT firm in the city.Gupta's firm was recently judged the best e-commerce website development company of north India by a research company. He was given the award by member of parliament Shashi Tharoor at a ceremony in Gurgaon, Haryana.A resident of New Sarabha Nagar, Gupta said a renowned research company had asked him to fill a form and give details of his work. \"Later a research was done in which my company was chosen as the best venture in north India,\" said Gupta. About how he got into computers, Gupta said after graduation in humanities he had become a karate instructor. \"One of my trainees adviced me to join his brother's computer centre. I followed the advice and my interest for software sector increased so I pursued it seriously,\" he said.Gupta said he started his own centre in 1995 which has turned into a small website development company with around 30 persons working under him. \"We deals in website development, e-commerce and search engine optimization. No one mentored me, I learned everything on my own spending more time with computers,\" he added.In a day, Anoop Gupta spends several hours on computer, updating his skill and learning new developments in the field. His wife Anjana, who accompanied him to the award ceremony, said she felt very proud of his achievement. \"My husband works very hard and because of that he is doing well. Both our sons Suyash and Vaibhav also seem to be following their father's lead and some months ago they also made a website,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11454898", "title": "Follow the bauls and fakirs in Nadia", "text": "KOLKATA: At a time when various kinds of experimentation in music are taking place in Bengal creative efforts are on and there is audience response to interdisciplinary exchanges, how about a musical tour of a place that is so rich in such a tradition?The state tourism department is devising a musical trail of Nadia district that is the cradle of the Bhakti movement in Bengal and the birth place of Shri Chaitanya. A musical journey from Asannagar in Krishnanagar Block I to Gorbhanga in Karimpur Block II will soon be introduced. Talks are already on with the Union tourism ministry for funds and the trail is expected to be in place within the next few months.One of the key highlights will be that the tourists will get to listen to musicians in Nadia and get a chance to discuss the philosophy of the local music. But most interestingly, the tourists will get to work with rural musicians to create new music. The trail will involve tour of the villages of Jhantala, Kulgachhi, Betia, Fazilnagar, Khapor, Chandmari, Sukantapalli, Krishnagar and so on.Nadia is famous for its vibrant folk culture. Besides baul and fakir songs, it is also known for the string-puppet dance. The clay models and terracotta works of Ghurni, Krishnanagar, conch products of Shankhanagar Baliadanga, Nabaadwip and Santipur, shola products and models from Krishnanagar are must buys for any connoisseur.The ancient temples, mosques, historic forts, and handicrafts in the district help it stand out among other districts of south Bengal. Nabadwip, Mayapur, Shantipur, Krishnagar are some of the must-see places in the district.Also, the bell metal products of Matiari, Kaliganj and of course the tant (loom) products of Fulia and Santipur are indispensable for any Bengali woman.However, all these years, Nadia and its rich tradition in music have not found a place in the tourist calendar of the state. The music trail will attract musicians from many parts of the country. \"Apart from students of music, those simply keen to know about the place would be keen on taking this musical journey,\" said a senior official of the state tourism department.Several melas and festivals are organized throughout the year like Barodol Mela at Krishnagar Rajbari compound, Rash Mela at Santipur and Nabadwip, Kadamkhali village at Asannagar and so on. If timed with one of the fairs, it could be an additional boost to the musical trail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11456347", "title": "Warm festivities light up educational institutes", "text": "The festival of Lohri has a unique warmth and love that was seen today at city schools and educational institutes. Students lit bonfire, enjoyed peanuts, 'gachak' and 'rewadi' and danced their hearts out in the chill of January month.International Institute of Fashion DesigningVibrant colour kites and \"sunder mundriye\" filled the ambience of INIFD as they celebrated Lohri. The students were very enthusiastic about the celebrations, as they have just got free from their mid-year test. Budding designers clad in traditional attires were seen flying kites, relishing peanuts, gachak and rewadi.The students tapped their feet on the sound of dhol and on the music played by DJ. Cultural performances like giddha and bhangra made everybody dance to the folk rhythms. The campus was beautifully decorated with kites and flags. Kite flying competition was the highlight of the day besides eating stalls. The students performed traditional rituals by paying obeisance around the bonfire.\"Kite flying has been a passion for me since childhood,\" said Madhur Miglani, a fashion design student. Even the girls were not far behind. \"My parents never permitted me to fly kites but today INIFD has fulfilled my dream,\" said Reivti Passi, a fashion design student. \"These festivals keep us in touch with our rituals,\" said Gurleen, interior design faculty.Govt College for WomenLohri was celebrated with zeal and enthusiasm at Government College for Women . Principal Gurminder Kaur graced the occasion too. Students council in charge Parmjeet Kaur from the department of Punjabi highlighted the significance of lohri.The festival began with the traditional folk songs and dance performance by the students. A beautiful dance performance was given by Kusumpreet. A bonfire was lit and students danced to the tune of thumping beats of Dholak and joined in the revelry. Compering by Upneet and Komalpreet added to the charm of the function. Vice principal Sudarshan Mahta presented vote of thanks and principal distributed gifts to class IV employees.Everest Play Way and Nursery SchoolLohri festival was celebrated with pomp and show at Everest Play Way and Nursery School. Tiny-Tots made an impressive show. Principal Poonam Sharma told students about the importance of the day. All the students sang \"Sunder Mundreiye\" and later were given groundnuts, reori, and sweets.Green Land Senior Secondary Public SchoolLohri was celebrated with joy, enthusiasm, fun and dhamaal at Green Land Senior Secondary Public School.The jovial, energetic toddlers dressed up in traditional Punjabi attire performed bhangra and gidda and shared one another's offerings of chirwa, meva, til, gur, reori and gachak. Chairman-cum-director Rajesh Rudhra and principal Baldeep Pandher joined the celebrations.The school campus was beautifully decorated with colourful kites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11455015", "title": "Sreedharan ready to head Kochi Metro project as DMRC principal adviser", "text": "KOCHI: Former chief of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) E Sreedharan said on Wednesday that he would head the Kochi Metro project as principal adviser to DMRC if the state government handed over the project to them, giving new hopes to Kochiites.Addressing mediapersons here, he said he would have all executive powers and responsibility regarding the execution of the project if the government took a decision in favour of DMRC.Regarding the outcome of the talks he held with chief minister Oommen Chandy in New Delhi on Tuesday, he said, \"I feel positive. The government will announce its decision today or tomorrow.\" He said he had explained to the chief minister the advantages and disadvantages of carrying out the work through both agencies - DMRC and Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL).On a question on the involvement of DMRC, he said that though the government wanted him to associate with the project, it would not be possible for an individual to handle a complex Metro project. \"I need the help, support and technical expertise of DMRC to execute the project,\" he said.It would take a long time for KMRL to build up an organization. KMRL would require eight to nine months to get their consultants on board and would require another four to five months to finalize the contractors.\"The whole process will take at least one-and-a-half years to begin, but DMRC will be able to start work within two months after getting sanction from the central government,\" he said.Explaining the role of KMRL in the project, Sreedharan said that KMRL would have to be reconstituted. \"At present it is a state government company. Once the project gets approval from the central government, with DMRC as the executing agency, there will have to be a structural change in KMRL. The KMRL will then have more of a monitoring role in ensuring that the quality, funds utilization and time schedules of the project execution are maintained,\" he said.While the KMRL chairman will be a nominee of the central government, the managing director will be a representative of the Kerala government. Half of the directors of the company will represent the centre and the remaining half will be nominated by the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454118", "title": "New ATC to tower over Qutub", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi will soon get the tallest air control tower in the country, and the seventh tallest in the world. The 102m-high new ATC tower, scheduled for completion by December 2013, will be about 40% taller than the Qutab Minar which is 72.5m high. Armed with the latest technology and full radar control, traffic controllers would be able to have a bird's eye view of the three runways at the IGI Airport that would help in safer and more efficient operations. Newly appointed minister for civil aviation Ajit Singh laid the foundation stone for the building on Wednesday.Civil aviation secretary Nasim Zaidi has also announced that keeping in mind the fog conditions at Delhi, airports around the capital would shortly be upgraded to CAT-II instrument landing system that would assist in handling operations even when visibility fell down to 350m.The new tower, slated to be fully operational by mid-2014, will come up next to the present ATC tower. The building, equivalent to a 32-floor high building, will house offices of the air navigation services and have 21 controller positions at the visual control room and 12 ground controller positions at the operational level.The building is expected to cost Rs 200 crore and will be quipped with a digital air navigation system against the traditional voice-based system. Air navigation would also become completely satellite based and have a 100% radar coverage. For the comfort of occupants, the tune mass damper technology would be used for the first time in the country that will reduce building sway.The building has been designed by international firm HOK International Ltd keeping in mind the historical and regional characteristics of India. Singh said: \"This tower will give the controllers a commanding view of the entire airport, as well as a much larger working space so that a larger number of controllers can operate and reduce the pressures on every controller.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11455696", "title": "Can nuke waste burial ground withstand heat? Test will tell", "text": "CHENNAI: The Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL) is conducting tests to see if the rocks or the surface under which the nuclear waste from Kudankulam plant will be buried can resist the heat and small amount of radiation that is likely to be emitted.NPCIL is also simultaneously exploring other options of reusing the nuclear waste. NPCIL officials said they planned to commission the plant by mid-2012. Scientists and radiation experts at NPCIL are studying the land under which the nuclear waste container is likely to be stored. \"The waste material will emit a small amount of heat and radiation. We are taking samples of rocks in the area to see if the surface can take that heat for so many years,\" said Shiv Abhilash Bhardwaj, technical director of NPCIL.The nuclear waste disposal and management method adopted by the power corporation had been one of the main points of contention between the protestors and the government during the anti-nuke protests in the coastal district. The current method is to vitrify and convert the nuclear material into glass, which will not mix with water or any other substance. \"The glass or accumulated waste will be kept underground in steel containers through which nothing can penetrate for decades,\" said Bhardwaj. Radiation too, experts promised, will not come out of the container at any point.After repeated protests by environmentalists that this method of storing concentrated radioactive material underground for 40 years has risks of leak, experts now say this method is a short-term measure. \"These are just short-term measures. We are studying various ways of using the radioactive material. The nuclear waste could give out plutonium, which could be used to fuel new reactors,\" said P Chellapandian, director of Nuclear Safety and Engineering Group.The expert committee appointed by the Centre which is interacting directly with the villagers now will meet the protestors for the fourth time on January 31. \"Eminent experts like Dr Shantha are talking to the people directly. We hope the meetings and awareness will slowly allow contract workers to come back to the plant,\" said Bharadwaj.Talking about delays in commissioning the plant, he said once the workers were back and the fuel was loaded, the plant should start functioning.NPCIL has also put to rest a controversy that had erupted over the transfer of 12 top engineers to other plants in the country. \"It is a routine measure to transfer our scientists. This plant was idle, so we shifted them. Once we start functioning they will be back,\" said Bhardwaj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11453291", "title": "Special squads exchange fire with Naxals", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Special operation squad of Gadchiroli police have launched a major operation in southern jungles of Chandrapur against the Maoists. The intelligence-based operation was initiated in the morning and is still underway. Police sources have claimed that forces involved in the operation had a brief encounter with the Naxalites in the jungle. Exchange of fire lasted for around 20 minutes, but no casualties have been claimed on either side. Cops are however keeping the entire affair a secret and have not even revealed the place of operation. Officers claimed that as police parties are expected to stay in the area of operation overnight, hence they can not reveal the location of the operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "11459172", "title": "Delhi travel on Hisar-Rohtak road to be costlier", "text": "ROHTAK: Travelling on the National Highway number 10 is set to be costlier for the commuters with the toll plaza coming up between Delhi and Rohtak. This will be the first toll collection centre on this highway.According to information, the work of six laning of the national highway is all set to complete in about one month, which had been running behind schedule by over one year. The sources informed that the NHAI had awarded the project to convert the two lane Delhi-Bahadurgarh-Rohtak road in six lanes to a private firm on build operate and transfer (BOT) bases in April 2008 with a deadline to complete the work within 30 months. The work including widening of about 63 km highway, construction of bypasses and overbridges.But the sluggish pace of work on the stretch resulted in jumping the deadline which was scheduled in October 2010. The commuters' complaint had woken up the government to widen this road very late as traffic on it had multiplied in last decade.Now, with the work is nearing completion, the construction company has also started to construct the toll plaza near Rohad village, about 22 km from Rohtak towards Delhi.Anoop Singh, a daily commuter between Bahadurgarh and Rohtak alleged that it would be too early to start charging the toll as the work is incomplete and even the construction of underpasses at several points yet to begun. \"It would be unjustified to charge tax from the commuters and the construction firm should be penalized for delay in completion of work\".The NHAI project director at Rohtak Chander Sen however maintained that toll would be charged only on completion of the highway. \"The work is in the final stage and it is likely to complete by March this year. The toll collection would begin only after the commissioning of the entire stretch, including the bypass in Bahadurgarh\", he said, while adding that the tax charges have not been fixed yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454984", "title": "Fate of Pakistani convicted for 1997 Delhi bomb blast hangs in balance", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mohd Hussain, a Pakistani convicted and sentenced to death for 1997 Blueline bomb blast in Delhi that killed four passengers, did not know whether to be happy with the Supreme Court's Wednesday verdict in which a two-Judge bench concurred that he did not get proper legal assistance in trial and hence his conviction must be set aside.Both the Judges of the 2-Judge bench agreed that the trial was vitiated because Hussain was not provided proper legal assistance. Justice H L Dattu ordered that the accused should face fresh trial after being provided with sufficient legal assistance, but Justice C K Prasad said he must be acquitted.With the two judges split over whether Hussain should be released or face fresh trial, the matter was directed to be placed before the Chief Justice of India to place it before another bench, which will decide the fate of the accused. For the time being, he would remain in jail though.On December 30, 1997 at about 6.20 pm, a bomb exploded in a bluline bus, which was ferrying passengers from Nagnloi to Ajmeri Gate, at the Rohtak Road bus stop. Tapoti, Taj Mohd, Narain Jha and Rajiv Verma died in the explosion, which injured 24 others. Mohd Hussain was arrested from Lajpat Nagar by Delhi Police on alleged tip off from some arrested terrorists.Both Justice Dattu and Prasad found that there was no legal assistance provided to the Pakistani accused during the trial.Justice Dattu said: \"It is essential that the accused is given a reasonable opportunity to defend himself in the trial...the right to be defended by a counsel is a principal part of the right to fair trial\" If this minimum safeguard was not provided to the accused, that itself would cause prejudice to the accused, he said and directed the state government to provide him with proper legal assistance to defend himself during the fresh trial.But, Justice Prasad felt that right to speedy trial was a fundamental right and it would be travesty of justice if the accused was directed to face fresh trial after such a long lapse of time once the apex court found that he did not get a fair trial at the first instance.He ordered release of Hussain and his deportation of Pakistan saying, \"I am of the opinion that after such a distance of time it shall be travesty of justice to direct for the appellant's de novo trial. By passage of time, it is expected that many of the witnesses may not be found due to various reasons...hence, any time limit to conclude the trial would not be pragmatic.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11456894", "title": "Lawyers go on rampage after colleague's death", "text": "JAIPUR: Thousands of lawyers went on a rampage in the city on Wednesday after an advocate was found dead in a well at Samod village, nearly 75 kms from here.The protesting lawyers blocked movement of vehicles on almost all the major roads in the heart of the city, causing inconvenience to people going to offices, hospitals and market places. From dawn to dusk, traffic was not allowed to move on any of the five roads leading to the Collectorate Circle, on the flyover connecting the Sindhi Camp bus stand and the railway station and between the Statue Circle and the Ambedkar Circle.As the vehicular traffic of these key roads spilled over to other roads, hundreds of commuters were left stranded for hours at several places in the city. The young lawyers even misbehaved and bashed up commuters and made obscene remarks over loudspeakers against the policemen on duty.On roads around the Collectorate Circle, the protesters, besides burning tyres and a dry tree, also set on fire the hoardings and posters on poles along the roads. At Khasa Kothi Circle, the traffic police's kiosk was set on fire. Near the Collectorate premises, window panes of a police bus were smashed.Around 11 am, when the lawyers at the high court and the district and sessions court learnt that one of their colleagues, Murlidhar Yadav (32), had died under mysterious circumstances, they swiftly suspended judicial work and took to the streets to protest against the police. Initially, the protestors were under impression that Yadav had been murdered. It was later cleared by senior police officers that the man had committed suicide. The lawyers, nonetheless, accused the staff at the city's Murlipura police station of abetting the suicide.The Murlipura police were investigating charges of attempt to murder and cheating levelled against Yadav by his landlord and relative Shambu Dayal over a land dispute. Yadav, who was then living as tenant in Dayal's house in Murlipura locality, was arrested in October 10, 2011. Following his arrest and release on bail a few days later, Yadav lodged a counter case against Dayal. The police were investigating charges against both the men.The deceased's family, however, alleged that Yadav was being harassed by the Murlipura police in the name of investigation. The police denied this. \"Yadav committed suicide by jumping into a well near his house situated in Yadvon-ki-Dhani in Samod village,\" said Mahendra Singh Shekhawat, station house officer of Samod police station.The protesting lawyers, on the other hand, continued to shout slogans against Jaipur police commissioner BL Soni and his team for 'mishandling' the case. \"This is a shameful act by the police as one of our colleagues committed suicide after its continued harassment. We demand an ex gratia of Rs 50 lakh and immediate arrest of the police officers involved in the case,\" said Kapil Prakash Mathur, general secretary, Rajasthan High Court Bar Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11455312", "title": "AIMPLB for amendments to 3 Acts", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state action committee of the All India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB) on Wednesday decided to launch a month-long awareness campaign against the implementation of three Acts __ Right to Education, Direct Tax Code and Wakf Act __ which it claimed would harm the interests of the minorities and some other sections of society.AIMPLB joint general secretary M A Rahim Quraishi, who presided over the first session of the action committee at Jamea Darul Uloom, Shivrampally, said the objective of the campaign was to urge the Centre to bring about suitable amendments to the Acts.The committee would launch the drive from January 19. Explaining their stand against the Acts, Quraishi said the RTE Act 2010 has some major flaws. It does not recognize religious schools such as madrassas, seminaries and Vedic pathshalas. \"Though the religious and linguistic minorities have been given the right to establish their institutions and function as autonomous institutions, the RTE is going against this spirit,\" he said. \"Further, another concern is that there is scope in Section 10 of the RTE Act where, in the future, parents can be punished for not sending their wards to school. We would like the government to address these apprehensions specifically,\" he added.On the question of Wakf (Amendment) Bill 2010 there are several lacunae that have come to the notice of the board. \"We have forwarded 40 objections. Many of these are serious,\" he said. The Direct Taxes Code 2010 would, Quraishi said, bring religious institutions under the purview of income tax and wealth tax. Earlier, the government had given exemption to such institutions. The implementation of DTC would hit institutions that have been developed to help different faith groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11455255", "title": "Hands-off land policy may not work: Stiglitz", "text": "KOLKATA: Nobel laureate Joseph Stiglitz said on Wednesday the state should play a role in acquiring large pieces of land for setting up industry. His opinion came at an Indian Statistical Institute (ISI) seminar, in a state where the government has refused to involve itself in the acquisition process.The economist felt the model of direct purchase of land for industry, which chief minister Mamata Banerjee advocates, might not work in case of fragmented ownership. \"The West Bengal government's model for direct purchase of land by industry houses setting up big units will probably not work,\" Stiglitz said, adding land was more than what it seemed. \"It provides the owners with security and you have to be sensitive towards that,\" he added.According to Stiglitz, such models have met hurdles even in developed countries like the US, where few owners have agreed to sell the land at much higher rates. \"From the general economic point of view, the approach (of the West Bengal government) will probably not work,\" Stiglitz said.Industry bodies in the state have told the government acquiring land on their own will be difficult if large tracts are involved. But the state government has insisted it will not play any role in acquiring land.\"They (industry) will want to assemble large pieces of land while there are fragmented ownerships. In case of multiple owners, one person can hold on to a piece of land and ask for a lot more for that piece. That will make purchase difficult,\" Stiglitz said.Land acquisition, he noted, has been a sensitive issue in all countries. He referred to a case where Columbia University needed land for expansion and a few plot owners refused to sell. The university ultimately got the land after the matter went to the Supreme Court.Referring to the role of the state in acquiring land, he said the government has to be involved in promoting development. The land to be acquired should be less fertile and adequate compensation has to be provided to land losers, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11456930", "title": "IIM-U to give extra points to women &amp; non-engineers", "text": "JAIPUR: As the CAT results were declared on Wednesday, the Indian Institute of Management, Udaipur is gearing up for the admission season.This year, the institute is hoping to get students with median percentile score of 97.5 and above. \"On the basis of students' performance and inclusion of new centres, we are likely to get students with good scores,\" said Janat Shah, director, IIM-U. Last year, 99.68 percentile was the highest score for the institute. IIM-U will upload the interview schedule on its website in a week.The institute has also decided to give some extra points to women and non-engineers seeking admission. So far, 85% students at IIM-U come from engineering background, and the rest from arts and commerce. \"We are hoping that the percentage of non-engineering students will go up to 20% this year,\" said Shah.It is also planning to highlight the industrial training response received by its students in India and abroad. \"Of 56 students, five were placed abroad for internship and the rest with reputed firms in the country,\" added Shah.Shah is hoping that with the proposed three centers of excellence in the field of tourism, social sector and incubation cell, the institute would draw students from all quarters of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11454864", "title": "Now, pay powerbills via ATMs", "text": "PATNA: Energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav on Wednesday inaugurated the payment of energy bills through ATMs for consumers of Patna Electric Supply Undertaking (Pesu) area having Canara Bank debit cards at the Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB) headquarters at Bailey road here. In near future, this facility will be available to all consumers of Bihar.Canara Bank will soon launch a payment gateway which will enable all consumers to pay energy bills online through Internet banking or debit card of any scheduled bank. Process is on to facilitate payment of energy bills through SBI debit/ATM .The BSEB and Canara Bank appealed to consumers to use these facilities .The facility of energy bill payment has already been provided through the board's website(www.bsebbills.org) for consumers having debit card of Canara Bank.Severalofficials, including principal secretary, energy, Ajay V Nayak, principal secretary, IT, Arun K Singh, and BSEB chairman P K Rai, were present. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11461100", "title": "Traders to boycott onion auctions from Monday", "text": "NASHIK: While onion prices are crashing after fresh arrivals of Kharif crop, traders in the wholesale markets in Nashik have decided to boycott auctions indefinitely from Monday. The traders are agitated over the state government's move to recover 35% levy (on things like weighment charges, handling, etc) from them. Earlier, traders who used to buy onions from farmers in the wholesale markets, used to recover the levy from the farmers.While the matter is pending in court, the district collector issued a directive on January 2 to tehsildars to recover the levy from traders or confiscate their properties.Annoyed with the directive, the traders have declared that they would not participate in the auctions from Monday. Nashik district traders' association chief, Sohanlal Bhandari, told reporters that the association had submitted a memorandum to tehsildars on the issue.In May 2010, when the farmers protested against the deduction of levy from their earnings, the government had decided that the traders should bear it. The traders had, then, boycotted auctions for about a fortnight and then the matter was taken to the court. The Niphad court had stayed the recovery of levy from traders.The traders' stir has come at a time when prices of onions are nose-diving thanks to the fresh arrivals. Wholesale average prices, which were hovering around Rs 500 per quintal, have fallen to around Rs 350 per quintal. Farmers have started agitating against the crashing prices and are demanding remunerative prices.The onions that are arriving in the markets are highly perishable with a shelf-life of less than three weeks, which compels farmers to sell the produce at whatever price it fetches.The boycott by traders would worsen the situation for the farmers, who are facing a glut of onions that has led to crash in prices. Besides, the late Kharif crop is expected to arrive in the markets within a couple of weeks, which will worsen the situation.Sources in the Agriculture Produce Market Committee (APMC) said that the boycott by traders might worsen the situation further as farmers would not be able to store the highly perishable onion variety that has already been harvested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454957", "title": "Delhi weather: Sunny days to last 48 hrs; chill to return soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: The sunny afternoons will last another couple of days in the national capital. The Met department says a major western disturbance is likely to disrupt the weather around January 15, but till then fog in the morning would persist.Fog will envelop the Palam area on Thursday morning. \"Strong northwesterly winds that were blowing across the region so far were not letting humidity levels develop. By Wednesday evening they had become quite calm and by 9pm, humidity levels had risen to 85%. Minimum temperature is also expected to be around 4 degrees. Dense fog can be seen over the IGI Airport between 7am and 9am. The city, however, should not be affected,\" said RK Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met.Delhiites experienced below normal temperatures for the second consecutive day on Wednesday. The minimum dipped to 4.6 degrees Celsius, three degrees below normal while the maximum was 18.5 degrees, two degrees below normal. The minimum in the city dropped to 2.2 degrees in southwest district's Zafarpur area, which also witnessed the lowest maximum in the city at 17.2 degrees. Other areas that saw minimum falling below 4 degrees were Pusa with 3.3 degrees, Najafgarh with 3.4 degrees and Narela with 3.6 degrees.IGI Airport saw dense fog for an hour at 3.30am when visibility plummeted to 200m. The runway visual range went down to 600 m for a couple of hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11455859", "title": "City scampers for chocolate 'chikki' &amp; more", "text": "LUDHIANA: Residents who are stocking up on peanuts, 'chikki', 'gachak', 'bhugga' and 'rewadi' to celebrate Lohri on Friday are being boggled by the variety of tastes available in markets. Selling chocolate and sesame (til) 'chikki' and 'gachak' made of jaggery and 'chana dal', vendors are ensuring that the city makes a beeline outside their shops.Apart from those who are celebrating their first Lohri after marriage or their baby's first one with a big bash, even other residents are gearing to make the first festival of 2012 a grand affair with typical Ludhiana flavour.While 'gachak' costs anything between Rs 160 and Rs 300 for one kilogram, 'bhugga' - available only ahead of Lohri - is available for Rs 150-400 a kilo depending on quality and ingredients. Sonu Sharma of Lyallpur Sweets in Model Town said, \"One cannot imagine celebrating Lohri without 'gachak', 'rewadi', 'bhugga' and peanuts. First people distribute these among friends and then have a grand celebration. We have a large variety of 'gachak' and all flavours are selling like hot cakes.\"About the preference of residents this season, owner of Pal Gachak Store in BRS Nagar Harjaspal Singh said, \"We tried a new 'gachak' prepared with jaggery and 'chana dal' and people are liking it a lot. Though chocolate 'chikki' is all time favourite among those who like experimenting, some residents still demand the traditional variety and 'til gachak'.''For Sukhwiner Singh and Harpreet Kaur of Rajguru Nagar this Lohri is special because it is their daughter Dilsheen's first one. They have bought a lot of 'gachak' prepared in 'desi ghee'. \"We are celebrating Lohri in a big way at our home this time and are busy in the preparations. I really enjoy 'gachak' made with jaggery in 'desi ghee' so we have bought it for all our guests,'' said Harpreet.Amandeep Kaur, a resident of Pakhowal Road said, their preparations are all in place for the festival. \"Without 'gachak' and 'bhugga', Lohri has little significance so we have bought everything. We have the traditional variety too but I like chocolate 'gachak' best,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11458689", "title": "Sanjay Dutt\u2019s Rs 40-lakh apology to Ajay Devgn", "text": "Upset over the debacle of Rascals, the actor buys the rights of a hit Telugu film to gift his friendFor Sanjay Dutt , the 32 years in the industry has not been short of a roller coaster ride. And while he's had nasty fallouts with some old friends, he's managed to hold on to the ones who matter to him the most.Proof: Dutt, who is close friends with Ajay Devgan , has gone all out to make up for the debacle that was Rascals, their latest film together. The actor confessed to Mumbai Mirror, \"I have just bought the rights of Badri (for an estimated Rs 40 lakh), a super-hit Telugu action film, and gifted them to Ajay.He can decide how and what to do with the film, who will be its director and so on. I feel I let him down in Rascals, especially after we did a hit like All the Best. He is more than family to me and I should have looked into all aspects of the film. It is my fault, and I apologise to him. I want to compensate him well with Badri.\"At a time when cliques and camps are thriving in the industry, there are a few who have managed the impossible - remain friends with warring sides and sustain old bonds.Speaking of which, Dutt explains, \"Sanju Baba ko sabhi pyaar karte hai. I don't compete with anyone nor do I think my films should touch the Rs 100 crore mark. I am happy even if they gross Rs 60 crore, as long as they benefit the industry, my friends, and the people around me. Besides if I fall into this trap, I risk losing focus as an actor and a person.\"This warmth and camaraderie extends to all his friends, even when they are rivals. Salman Khan and Shah Rukh Khan are a case in point. Sometime ago, Dutt had famously said that he would try and patch them up. Asked about it, he said, \"They are two mature people and not children that bada bhai beech mein aa kar kuch kahega. I don't know what happened between them, and I don't even want to know. I love and respect them both, and it hurts me that they are not on talking terms with each other. Maine kabhi baat nahi ki, aur agar woh mujhse puchenge to main bolunga, otherwise I wont.\"Coming to recent rumours about his having prevented buddy Vivek Oberoi from signing his friend-turned-foe Sanjay Gupta's film, he replied very curtly, \"I haven't told Vivek anything. Neither have I told any other actor not to work with Gupta. While I wish him all the luck, he is a forgotten story in my life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11458941", "title": "Farah Khan dances on Bhansali's tunes", "text": "Bhansali makes Farah Khan dance to his tunes. Gets her to do a jig in the rain for Bela Sehgal's Shirin Farhad. But guess what, the actress isn't complainingHer films have always featured the quintessential Bollywood rain sequence. After years of getting her heroines wet in her films, choreographer-director Farah Khan, who recently turned actor, has got a taste of her own medicine.Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Farah was put through the same drill for a sequence in Bela Segal's directorial debut Shirin Farhad. And apparently, she has her former opponent and the film's producer, Sanjay Leela Bhansali to thank for the idea.Considering Bhansali and Farah have always shared a rather volatile relationship, ever since they assisted Vidhu Vinod Chopra on the film, 1942: A Love Story (1994), we asked Farah how she reacted to Bhansali's impromptu decision. Interestingly, she was not upset about the rain sequence one bit. She told us, \"I don't know how many rain sequences Bhansali has done in the past, but during my stint as a choreographer and a director, I think I have got every heroine wet so far. So it's okay.\"According to a source from the unit, Farah fell ill after shooting the scene. However, even after falling ill as a result of the rain sequence, there was no semblance of bitterness for Bhansali from Farah's end at all. She explained, \"Yes, I am not well after shooting that scene.Thand lag gayi hai. Aur bukhaar bhi hai. You see, the air conditioners were on when we were shooting the rain sequence indoors. So, I guess it's the outcome of that. And yes, the rain sequence was Bhansali's idea. But again, it's okay. It's a part of my job na! I don't remember why Sanjay and I had fought. After that, we patched up many times and fought again.But once I started working on Shirin Farhad, Sanjay and I have not had any differences. Not a single one of our old fights flashed in my mind, while I shot that difficult scene on Monday.\"Describing the shoot, which took place at Filmistan Studios (Goregaon West) on Monday, the unit member said, \"Farah did it very sportingly. She was quite amused when she was made to get entirely wet. But she did not complain. Bhansali was also very happy with the shot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11456043", "title": "Students leaders thank AU", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The student leaders on Wednesday took out a procession to express gratitude towards Allahabad University officials for expediting the process of union election.The student leaders gathered at the Union Hall carrying placards thanking the authorities for their considerate view towards the student union election. They even shouted slogans in praise of the university officials including the vice-chancellor.AU Academic Council on Tuesday had formed a three-member committee to formulate regulations for the holding of student union election. The regulations would be placed before the next meeting of the Acdemic Council scheduled for Friday.The committee comprises dean student welfare Prof R K Singh, dean College Development Council Prof LR Singh and dean Law Prof LM Singh. \"We are thankful for the pro-active stand of the V-C for showing faith in the role of student union but for expediting the process of election,\" said student leader Abhishek Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11454632", "title": "Wild beauties captured on camera", "text": "KOLKATA: Wildlife enthusiasts swarmed the central gallery of the Academy of Fine Arts on Wednesday. The occasion: A wildlife photography exhibition presented by Nature Environment &amp; Wildlife Society (NEWS), in association with The Times Of India.State forest minister Hiten Barman in his inaugural speech stressed on the gradual decline of wildlife in the state. \"We're going through a lean phase. The exhibition is timely since it will create awareness among citizens. The forest department welcomes such initiatives and is committed to encouraging wildlife awareness campaigns,\" he said.Close to 150 photographs of 21 eminent wildlife photographers, including Dhritiman Mukherjee, N A Naseer, Sandip Kumar and A N Nagar, have been displayed in the exhibition that will remain open till January 17. The frames in display captured a wide variety of wild animals, reptiles and birds - from warring tigers to a reclusive sarus crane, from a charging rhino to an otherwise insignificant tortoise beetle.\"The photographers mainly cover the forests of India, including the Sunderbans, Dooars, Gir, Ranthambore and Satpura. But there are also some from the jungles of North America, Africa and Galapagos,\" said Biswajit Roy Chowdhury, secretary of NEWS, the NGO that is working on mangrove plantation over 6,000 hectares and seaweed cultivation as alternative livelihood in the Sunderbans. In Kolkata, the organization is working on waste management in East Kolkata Westlands.Among eminent personalities present on the occasion were Pradip Vyas, director of Sunderbans Biosphere Reserve, consul of Slovak Republic Partha Sadhan Bose, former director of the Zoological Survey of India Dr JRB Alfred and Jaharlal Chakraborty, former director of state's animal husbandry department.\"The exhibition displays some great photographs. It highlights the fragile eco-system and reminds us that the onus lies on us to preserve nature,\" said Dean R Thompson, the US consul general in the city, one of the chief guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460270", "title": "For MSRTC, safety last seems to be the motto", "text": "NASHIK: Even as the city is observing Road Safety Week, for Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation, safety seems to be the last thing on their minds as it struggles to adhere to basic norms.On January 3, a day after the safety week began, a 30-year-old woman was hit by a bus at Nashik Road bus stand. The reason: A grill between the stand and the parking bay of the buses was missing. This is the scenario in most of the bus stands in the city as chaos prevails.The only solace has come in the form of a \"no accident\" campaign by MSRTC that tries to provide dos and don'ts to the drivers and conductors on preventing these accidents. But then the problems are plenty. The destination boards on the buses, which should in an ideal situation be visible from a distance of 30 metres, are not even visible from 10 metres.That forces the passenger to almost come in the way of the approaching bus to find out its destination.Travelling in the night has also become dangerous as a majority of the buses do not have lights at the entry and exit doors-a clear violation of the Motor Vehicle Act--while there are no fire extinguishers in any buses. Balasaheb Kurup, a businessman, who had filed an RTI a year ago, says nearly 90 per cent of the city buses did not have electric horn. A year later, the situation remains the same. \"One can take a survey of as many buses in the city he wishes and he will find most of them operating without tail lamps. All that they do today is put the cover of tail lamp assembly,\" he says.Meanwhile, depot manager of Panchavati Bus Depot A N Pathak says, \"At times we have to change the routes all of a sudden. At such times, the drivers have to put up a board by themselves.However, it is not done on any cardboard but on a special sheet. \" On the issue of tail lamps, Pathak says that the traffic has increased so much that they tend to get damaged. However, the order for the covers has been placed, he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11455216", "title": "Industry to close shop on Jan 31 to protest erratic power outages", "text": "COIMBATORE: All trade and industrial establishments in Coimbatore district plan to close shop on January 31 to protest the erratic power cuts and failure of the state government to resolve the issue. Over 1,00,000 industrial workers and their supervisors in the district will also observe a day long fast, pressing for an immediate solution to the power problem.A joint action committee of all 30 organisations representing trade and industry in Coimbatore was formed at a high level meeting held on Wednesday and it has issued a joint declaration asking the 5,000 industrial units in the district to stop production on January 31, in support of the massive protest.\"It is a do or die situation. Industry in Coimbatore has been losing several production hours due to declared and undeclared power outages. This has resulted in loss of goodwill and accumulating losses. The entire industry is dealing with the burden of bank loans with heavy interest,\" said a release issued by the joint action committee.Coming down heavily on the state government for not keeping its promise to address the power problems in the first six months, the action committee sought immediate relief to overcome the situation. The severe energy crisis has stalled manufacturing in most units across Western Tamil Nadu. In the city alone, units suffer a loss of Rs 6 crore per day. Unit owners continue to pay wages as workers sit idle throughout the day. The threat of a hike in power tariff adds fuel to the fire and it will certainly be disaster for us,'' said the committee.\"We have taken up the issue with top honchos in the electricity department. They all say the situation would remain the same till February when additional power would be generated. This is a very long period of uncertainty. It is time the government took some action and commission the Koodankulam power plant,\" said P Kandhaswami, president of Coimbatore District Small Industries Association (CODISIA).What irks industry is the unscheduled nature of power cuts. \"Coimbatore is not just facing three hours of declared power cut but also several instances of undeclared cuts every day. Undeclared cuts are common even at night. In some regions, undeclared power cuts start from 5 am in the morning and last till noon, throwing morning schedules out of gear,\" said P K Govinda Raj, president of Coimbatore Sidco industrial Estate Manufacturers Association.As per estimates of small scale industrial units in Coimbatore, they incur 25 percent loss due to the erratic cuts. \"Despite our request to change the schedule of cuts, which are fixed during the day, nothing has been done. This has affected majority of the micro and small scale industries here,\" says Govindaraj. Increasing the power cuts will only diminish production, exposing industrial units to losses. It will also be very difficult to meet delivery schedules, adding to the losses,\" he added.The unscheduled power cuts are causing huge losses to companies like CNC machines as tools and shafts get damaged due to sudden stoppage, pointed out J James, president of Tamil Nadu Association of Cottage and Tiny Industries (TACT). We have to continue to pay employees on an hourly basis, even though they may not be able to work during outages. Shortage of manpower has fueled more problems,\" he added. Many industries have borrowed money to pay employees, and if the situation continues, owners will have to shut down and seek jobs elsewhere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11456128", "title": "Nutan College to confer degrees from next session", "text": "BHOPAL: Sarojini Naidu PG Girls College (Nutan College) will become the first autonomous college in the state to confer degrees to its students from the next academic session. The University Grants Commission (UGC) has approved the proposal and is sending its team to visit the college campus.\"A six-member team constituted by the University Grants Commission (UGC) will visit the college campus on January 12 and 13 and will extend the status of autonomous college to Nutan College for the next three years,\" said Shobhna Bajpai Maroo, principal Sarojini Naidu College while addressing a press conference.She told reporters that the college has achieved several milestones during the past 16 years. \"The college which started with strength of 300 students has a strength of 3,000 students at present. Our college has become an important educational institution in the field of higher education in the last one decade,\" she added.\"The UGC had bestowed the 'College with the potential for excellence' honour on the college in 2010, which made it possible for it to confer degrees from the next session,\" Maroo said, adding final approval from Barkatullah university and the department of higher education is awaited.Besides, the college authorities also have an ambitious plan to convert the college into a women university.\" Soon, a proposal is going to be sent to the UGC in this regard,\" Maroo added.The UGC team members who will visit the college campus include former vice-chancellor, Sant Gadge Baba Amravati University, Prof Kamal Singh, director, Colelge development Council of Garhwal University, Dr SC Singh, member of Maulana Azad Medical College, New Delhi, Prof Anita Chakravarti, regional additional director, Dr UC Jain, Barkatullah University's Dr Vinay Shrivastava and member secretary, UGC, Neelam Chopra.The UGC had bestowed the 'college with the potential for excellence' honour which made it possible for it to confer degrees from the next session", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11456312", "title": "Youths vote for 'kurta pyjama'", "text": "LUDHIANA: City youths are elated at the thought of voting for the first time in elections this year. The prospects are exciting them so much that they are now wearing white kurta pyjamas to get the complete feel of the democratic process.They are flaunting their style in their group and markets. Thursday being National Youth Day, TOI spoke to some youths and tried to extract their views on politics and its association with the white kurta pyjama.Resident of Basant Avenue, Manan Makkar said wearing a white kurta pyjama gives him a different look and makes him the centre of attraction.He said this gives him a very traditional touch. Since he's voting for the first time, he is careful to choose a young generation leader than to old one, he added.Resident of Rishi Nagar, Tarun Sharma said with the passage of time, many things have changed and so does the dressing style of youth, who have opted for western wardrobe.He said kurta pyjamas are now left only for politicians and whenever he wears one, people ask him if he has a political background.Resident of Sector 39, Sparsh Sharma said he has seen some of his friends wearing kurta pyjamas, so he specially purchased a cloth and gave to his designer friend to stitch a perfect dress for him.Resident of Rishi Nagar, Rahul Gaba said no matter how much expensive jeans you wear, you will never come in the limelight. But wearing a simple kurta pyjama can give you that special feeling and everyone looks at you.Resident of Jallandhar byepass, Rahul Chopra said election fever has spread and he also wants to be a part of it, and that is why wears the traditional dress. Resident of Sector 32, Jatin Verma has a unique reason for wearing one, to fetch the attention of girls.Savy Malhotra of Kitchlu Nagar feels youth has a power to turn the table of politics and by wearing this dress, he gets a feeling of being a part of this democracy. Resident of Sector 32, Vinav Puri said most of the time they wear jeans and shirt, but when it's poll time, it is also the time to wear white kurta pyjama. He adds that many times, even police officials do not harass you if you are in such a dress.Resident of Model Town Extension, Ishpreet Makkar said he has three pairs of kurta pyjamas as they give a feeling of patriotism and also because no one messes with him when he wears that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11455611", "title": "E-journal row: HC blow to AICTE", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has restrained the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), the statutory body established for the development of technical education in the country, from taking any coercive action against any institution for not subscribing an e-journal. The AICTE had recently put out a list of e-journals compelling self-financing engineering colleges to subscribe to them at mandatory rates for the academic year 2012-13.Justice Vinod K Sharma on Wednesday passed the interim order on the writ petitions filed by the Association of Management of Coimbatore Anna University-affiliated Colleges and the Consortium of Self-Financing Professional Arts and Science Colleges in Tamil Nadu.\"The authorities are restrained from taking any coercive action against the institutions for not subscribing to a particular journal detailed in annexure 1,\" the judge said. The matter will be taken up for further hearing in March.Saying that the conditions in the new handbook were arbitary, senior counsel N R Chandran submitted that AICTE could not compel institutions to purchase e-journals of particular publishers at pre-fixed rates that too without consulting the institutions concerned. Since there were about 5,500 engineering colleges in the country, the annual subscription fee would be in the range of Rs 825 crore, he said.The Association of Management of Coimbatore Anna University-affiliated Colleges, which was the first to approach the court, said it was unfair for the AICTE to insist that colleges should purchase selected foreign e-journals at exorbitant cost through a private agency, the petition said, adding that, \"institutions cannot be forced to bear such arbitrary, exorbitant and additional burden\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11465190", "title": "Udita Goswami sings Kolaveri in Nepali", "text": "Bollywood actor Udita Goswami is making her foray into singing.Ask about her interest in singing and she excitedly tells us, \"Since childhood I had the passion for singing and now finally I'm glad that I could make it. I love pop and rock music and always had a dream to form my own musical band but unfortunately never happened. Frankly I'm not a trained singer and don't consider myself to be like lata mangeshkarji but I'm confident that my voice will surely be appreciated by all.\"Udita who plans to launch her new song that would be Nepali version of the popular hit song Kolaveri Di shares out more detials, \" I'm crazy about music and when I heard the Kolaveri di song it really touched my heart. It was refreshing to hear something different after a long time. It was mind blowing to watch the audience response immediately after the release of the song. Everyday there is a new version of kolaveri di that you get to hear. Recently, I have also heard that Bollywood actor Amitabh Bachchan is also planning to do his version of Kolaveri Di song. The song was inspirational and hence I decided to come up with my new version of Kolaveri di song. In my song the music remains the same, the only change that I have included in the song is the Nepali wordings which I guess will add some more dum to my song. Like the original wordings in the kolaveri di - 'Love love oh my love' I have changed it to nepali wordings 'Maya maya oh meri maya'.\" \"In the original song where Dhanush the singer starts with saying 'It's a flop song' I have changed that line to 'It's a super flop song.\" she laughs.She continues, \"I have already completed the shooting of the music album in Mumbai and the music is composed by well known Bollywood music composers Meet Brothers. The songs will be uploaded on the social networking site by next week and I'm anxiously waiting for the audience reaction.\" That's not all, she is keen to meet the Kolaveri Di singer Dhanush and share the song with him. \"Honestly speaking, I don't think any of new versions can ever match the uniqueness and popularity of the original song. Truly, I was greatly inspired by the song and that would be my main reason why I would like to interact with Dhanush.\"And what about acting? Udita unwinds, \"I'm still into acting. Singing toh mera sapna tha and I'm happy ki mera sapna pura ho gaya. Umeed karti hun ki logon ko acha lagen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11456916", "title": "Aman surprises friends by scoring 99.96", "text": "JAIPUR: Twenty-one-year-old engineering student Aman Gupta has surprised his friends and teachers by scoring 99.96 percentile in CAT exam.He enrolled for CAT exam during his final year and at the same time he was appearing for GMAT exam. \"I went to the coaching centre for a couple of weeks before the exam to understand the pattern of questions,\" said Gupta, who is completing his industrial training in Bangalore.Despite cracking CAT in style, he is still exploring opportunities in higher education. \"This success has filled me with confidence to achieve anything in my life,\" Gupta added, whose icon is noted philosopher and cognitive scientist Noam Chomsky .The icing on the cake was a letter from IIM Ahmedabad shorlisting him to appear for group discussion a couple of hours after the result. \"I attribute my success to the theoretical and practical training received at BITS, besides training at a coaching institute,\" said Gupta who loves to watch football match more than cricket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11457231", "title": "Wandering big cat remains elusive", "text": "LUCKNOW: The tiger, which had strayed from South Kheri, and has come to Rahmankhera, in Lucknow, is still to be spotted by experts from WTI team or the forest officers. But, the clear imprints of pugmarks have confirmed the presence of the big cat in the area.On Wednesday morning, a forest guard at the place had heard the tiger growling. \"Since tiger is a territorial animal, it growls habitually,\" said Rahul Shukla, former honorary wildlife warden, Dudhwa, who is helping the forest department in tiger tracking operation.The carcass of a blue bull which was found at Rahmankhera pointed out that it could be the first prey of the tiger. No new kill has been spotted. The big cat, however, has eaten away the blue bull completely. It's only that the hooves and the bones have been left at the place.It was on January 1 that the presence of the tiger was first noticed in Hardoi. On Sunday, pugmarks were seen in Kakori. The experts are trying to localise the tiger so that it does not stray further.The big cat is said to have taken a long route. It could have transgressed from South Kheri, moved through Gola, Hardoi, backfields of Sandila, Kakori to it's present location in Rahmankhera. It's present location is a semi-habited area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454332", "title": "Car thieves sent cars to Northeast", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the arrest of four persons, the Delhi Police has busted an inter-state auto lifter gang and solved over 100 cases of auto-theft from NCR alone. The accused used to use railway wagons to transport the stolen vehicles from Delhi to northeastern states. The accused have been identified as Sandeep Bhati alias Motta, Kharka , Mohammad Imran alias Cheema, Abdul Rehman and Yahia Khan and 10 stolen vehicles have been recovered.\"We received information from an informer regarding a gang that targetted high-end vehicles, a majority of which were being sent to Northeastern states such as Mizoram and Manipur through the receivers Abdul Rehman, Yahia Khan and Salauddin. The police initially apprehended two of the gang members, Sandeep and Imran and recovered a stolen Santro on December 22. They were expert car thieves and were earlier involved in more than four cases of vehicle theft. The accused used to trail the target vehicles in their Santro before stealing the vehicle. Their PC remand was obtained and interrogation led to identification of other associates and modules,'' said DCP (north) I B Rani.Subsequently, the other accused Mohd. Abdul Rehman, and Yahia Khan who used to sell the stolen vehicles in the Northeast were arrested on January 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11457118", "title": "Big plans, but little on ground", "text": "With the opening of Reach 1 between Byappanahalli and Chinnaswamy stadium (6.7km), Namma Metro seems to have gathered steam. The year should see the opening of Reach 2 from Leprosy Hospital to Mysore Road (6.4km) and Reach 3 from Sampige Road to Yeshwanthpur (5.1km). With the cabinet approval of Phase 2, Namma Metro seems to be on surer footing.Another major infrastructure project which has a realistic chance of completion is the Signal Free Outer Ring Road, the 31-km stretch from Silk Board to Hebbal Junction. The first phase, launched in October 2008 at a cost of Rs 93.94 crore by the BDA, included flyovers at Agara and Iblur junctions. This work was completed in 2011. The second phase was launched in June 2009 covering 8 junctions at an estimated total cost of Rs 333.68 crore. This work, expected to be completed this year, will provide a major relief for the south-eastern parts of the city and the IT corridor.Airport access has been a major concern. The BDA is planning the East Side Airport Access Corridor from Chandapura (on Hosur Road) to BIA via Gunjur and Budhigere. This project needs to be expedited. The elevated corridor on Bellary road should also be completed in 2012, giving easy access to the airport.The new BBMP commissioner's assurance that he'd attend to languishing projects should see the completion of the much-delayed underpasses at Kadirenahalli, Tagore Circle and CNR Rao Circle. The civic body should now focus on pedestrian infrastructure, parking facilities and solid waste management instead of planning large infrastructure projects, which it can't deliver.Lakes and water bodies, once the source of drinking water, have all but died. In 2009, the BDA took up the revival of 12 lakes costing Rs 105 crore. Work on 10 of these lakes is nearing completion. The BDA will take up 29 more lakes this year but all of it won't happen in the next 12 months. Two large lakes, Varthur and Bellandur, remain highly polluted with sewage and chemicals. If rejuvenated, these could be used to supply brown water to industries in East Bangalore. The BDA, entrusted with rejuvenation of Bellandur lake, may not finish it this year.BWSSB has ambitious plans of supplying 500MLD of Cauvery water to Bangalore this year from its Cauvery 4th Stage scheme. Work is well under progress and hopes are afloat.What won't happen is easy to imagine: never-ending traffic snarls at major arterial roads. The proposed 12 signal-free arterial road corridors are languishing. Five entrusted to BDA have seen some progress but the remaining 7 with BBMP haven't. Since these are crucial to ease congestion, the government should expedite these projects through BDA or KRDCL.While there's plenty to look forward to, Bangalore's infrastructure will remain woefully inadequate unless the government takes a holistic approach and provides the necessary financial support.(The writer is founder of civic NGO Sahyog)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11462208", "title": "Zardari is our pace attack bowler: Gilani", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Amid the tense standoff between the military and the government, Pakistan Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani has described President Asif Ali Zardari as the \"pace attack bowler\" of his political team which is under attack from \"left, right and centre\".Gilani said this while interacting with sportspersons at the launch of state-run broadcaster PTV's new sports channel on the same day when the country's powerful military issued a terse statement criticising him for his remarks on Army chief Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani and ISI chief Lt Gen Ahmed Shuja Pasha.Asked by Pakistani women cricket team captain Sana Mir who was his \"pace attack bowler\" in politics, Gilani replied: \"Asif Ali Zardari\".Former Test cricketer Rameez Raja , one of the hosts for the event, asked the premier if his government, which has faced \"many bouncers and yorkers\", would be able to hit a six off the last ball of the innings like batsman Javed Miandad.Gilani replied: \"For the last four years, our situation was worse than that of Javed Miandad. There were attacks from left, right and centre and we have been facing them\".In response to another question about his favourite sportsman, Gilani said: \"I like Imran Khan as a sportsman\".Asked if this liking extended to Khan's new role as a politician, he quipped, \"We will find out when the time comes\".Gilani fondly recalled his visit to Mohali at the invitation of his Indian counterpart Manmohan Singh to watch the semi-final of last year's cricket World Cup between India and Pakistan. The match was won by India.\"Though we lost, the enthusiasm, the people's contacts... and the public opinion was extremely favourable. When I was leaving the stadium, people (greeted) me all along the route,\" he said.Gilani said he was not affected by the Pakistani side's loss as he took \"sports as sports\".Gilani described politics as a game in which all players should show magnanimity.\"Whether you are winning or losing, we should not make it personal,\" he said.Sports, he said, could help tackle the problem of terrorism and extremism that Pakistan is facing.\"There is terrorism and extremism because there is no entertainment. If the youth are diverted to sports and education, this basic issue will be overcome,\" he said.Gilani also recalled his school days and said he was an all-round student who took interest in cricket, rugby , football , swimming, and extra-curricular activities like painting, drama and elocution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11460518", "title": "Arya, Maddy bond over Vettai!", "text": "Arya and Maddy are all set to add to your festive cheer this Pongal with their Lingusamy-directed flickIt's the season for bromance and who better than Arya and Madhavan , two great friends, to showcase it on screen? Well, we're talking about Vettai, that's set to release in a few days, and the fact that the two actors seem to have put their friendship to good use to showcase their camaraderie on screen.The film, which has been produced by UTV Motion Pictures and Thirrupathi Brothers, also stars Sameera Reddy and Amala Paul in lead roles. \"More than the girls, it's our 'chemistry' that the audiences will like,\" laughs Arya, \"Maddy and I have been friends for long and the understanding between us has worked to the advantage of the film. In fact, whenever we look at ourselves in Vettai, we think we look like real brothers. In fact, my brother's birthday falls on the same day as Maddy's; so there are a lot of coincidences!\" For Madhavan, the pressure was slightly higher as he has already delivered a big hit with the same director (Lingusamy) a decade ago with Run.\"I'm doing a film with him after so long and the expectations are high. I'm sure audiences will like it,\" he says, \"Even after the day's shoot, we'd hang out together and bond a lot. That camaraderie will show on screen.\" Maddy was a complete foodie on the sets. \"But I wouldn't let him eat,\" quips Arya, \"I ensured that he worked out every day. He used to be very afraid of eating in front of me.\"Personally, Arya is banking big on Vettai to catapult him as a commercial hero. \"I've long wanted to do an entertainer like this but didn't get the right director. When I knew Lingusamy was helming Vettai, I jumped at it. He's given an image makeover for most of the actors he's worked with and I hope that I'll get one too with this film.\" The actor adds that this will be a perfect treat for your family this festive weekend. \"I'll confidently say that Vettai is a complete action-cum-family-oriented entertainer. It's your perfect day out this festive season,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11457213", "title": "Congress fumes at bachelor prince barb", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP's jibe at Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi over his bachelorhood further escalated tensions between the two sides on Wednesday.Congress leaders reacted furiously to an editorial in BJP's mouthpiece Kamal Sandesh which put down Rahul's aggression in the UP campaign to his \"failure\" to realize his prime ministerial ambitions and his inability to find a partner.Although the party spokesperson refused to comment on the matter, individual leaders lashed out at the saffron rival. Party MP Prabha Thakur retorted that many BJP leaders, including former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee, as well as the entire RSS brass chose not to marry. \"Does this mean that they all are unhappy\", Thakur asked while talking to TV channels. Another party MP Girija Vyas too criticized the BJP.However, Prabhat Jha, editor of Kamal Sandesh defended the article. \"Is it their case that Rahul Gandhi is untroubled by the fact that he continues to be a single,\" Jha asked. The editor of the publication, also president of MP BJP, complained that he was being threatened by Congress men, insisting he was unfazed.The dig at Rahul has puzzled many in the party where virtue is made of the \"sacrifice\" of RSS leaders who decide to stay single for the organization's sake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11454966", "title": "Congress, BJP spar over illegal colonies", "text": "NEW DELHI: The issue of development works being undertaken in unauthorized colonies has sparked a war of words between Congress and BJP councillors. Mayor Rajni Abbi has asked the officials to stop development works in two Congress-led wards - Dabri and Maglapuri - but this hasn't gone down well with Congress councillors.\"When the tenders for the work at Dabri and Maglapuri were being processed, BJP councillors didn't raise objections and now when MCD elections are round the corner, they are trying to tarnish the image of Congress councillors. If other councillors want to carry out developmental work in unauthorized colonies in their wards they can do so,\" said JK Sharma, leader of opposition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11457175", "title": "Youths to bond with the best \u2014 ham radio", "text": "Guess what's going to ensure uninterrupted communication at NYF? It's neither the internet nor the smartphone - Gen Y is going to be connected, albeit indirectly, via amateur radio aka ham radio, which is a first for youth festival.Bangalore-based Indian Institute of Hams (IIH) has set up a stall for the GenY so that they know the benefits of designated radio frequency spectrum, which otherwise are used during disaster management across the globe.Recognising the importance of ham in a mega youth event of this nature, Union ministry of communication and information technology has allotted a special-call sign for the event - VU17NYF (VU stands for India's country code and 17NYF denotes the event). Aiding the operation of the ham radio are around 40 ham operators from Bangalore and Mangalore. IIH director S Sathyapal told TOI that assisting the institute in providing this failsafe communication system is Mangalore Amateur Radio Club (MARC).\"Our ham volunteers are stationed at vantage locations to ensure that communication is unhampered even in worst-case scenario, where mobile and landlines get jammed due to traffic,\" he said, adding that they will assist the authorities to ensure effective co-ordination.A worldwide high-frequency station and a worldwide mobile digital station are also being set up. Any ham operator responding to the special-call sign allotted to the event will get a greeting card in hard copy, Sathyapal said. Using the mobile digital station, two messages will be sent every minute using phase shift keying mode.\"There will be less talk in mobile digital station, but more of PC-based communication,\" he said. Bangalore Amateur Radio Club president Ajoy V said ham was used in National Games in 1997 and regularly in disaster management scenarios, but not in NYF.\"Ham operators have their own syntax of communication,\" he said, adding that they adhere to the golden rule of not discussing religion, politics and business. MARC member Rohit Rao said one repeater has been set up near the venue to ensure clarity in communication.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11462101", "title": "Jay-Z and Beyonce donate baby gifts to charity", "text": "New parents Jay-Z and Beyonce Knowles are donating their baby gifts to charity.The superstar couple have been inundated with presents since welcoming their daughter Blue Ivy into the world on Saturday (07.01.12) and while they are very grateful they want to give the majority of items to those less fortunate.A source said: \"They've been sent literally hundreds of gifts in the past few days. Oprah Winfrey gave a huge trunk of children's books and others like P. Diddy , Kanye West , Rihanna and Mariah Carey have all been sending luxurious baby treats.\"Jay-Z and Beyonce have decided to donate a massive selection of the presents to local charities for young mothers. They've already got the most precious gift - their new baby daughter - so they want to help out other parents who haven't been as fortunate.\"However, there is one item the couple want to keep for their daughter - a diamond-encrusted dummy.The source added to the Daily Star newspaper: \"A close friend of theirs in the music industry gave them a diamond-encrusted Cartier dummy - it must have cost $20,000. Blue has officially got her first piece of bling!\"Meanwhile, Blue has become the youngest person ever to appear on the Billboard charts.The tiny tot's coos, cries and breathing can be heard on Jay-Z's new song, 'Glory', which was recorded 48 hours after her birth.Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11455083", "title": "Community card makes him certain of trouncing Sukhbir", "text": "A fading dust-covered signboard on a thin cobbled path winding through green fields announces that Lahore is 38 km away. The India-Pakistan border is even nearer - barely 7 km. Malkiat Singh, who is 37, has spent his childhood riding a crude bicycle in the broken bylanes of these villages. Today, this newcomer is on a whirlwind tour of the place, leading a convoy adorned with colourful posters and flags of the Congress. Malkiat's ballot battle is against SAD's Sukhbir Badal, the deputy chief minister of Punjab.For the campaign posters, the shutterbug has captured a smug Malkiat, immaculate in a pristine 'kurta' and 'churidaar', with folded hands and a garland lauding him as a 'neta'. He is a Rai Sikh but got his mop of hair cut \"when just a kid\". Neither the glint in his eye now his confident swagger gives away the mammoth political task he faces. The youngest among 9 siblings, this son of a humble farmer looks confident as he gets set to take on Sukhbir Badal, a man who is worth over Rs 100 crore.But the odds are loaded heavily against him. While Sukhbir, an MBA from the University of California , is known for his election planning, Malkiat is a dropout who studied in the village government school till Class XI. But Malkiat is undeterred. \"I am 100% sure I will win. Sukhbir has money, power and muscle. And I just have votesa?\u00a6 of my community.\" It is not for nothing that Malkiat has pinned his hopes on the Rai Sikhs. The community is known for braving shelling from across the border. \"We are permanent inhabitants of the border and about 20 lakh of us are spread in the entire 533-km stretch spread along Gurdaspur, Amritsar and Ferozepur. Historically, the majority of Rai Sikhs inhabited the territory that is now Pakistan ,\" he says. Sections of the Rai Sikhs were declared a criminal tribe under the Criminal Tribes Act by British authorities in India and there is a gnawing discontent at being discriminated against in the community.Dhundi Kadeem, a village barely 5 km from the border, a stronghold of Rai Sikhs, is euphoric about having one from amongst them as a national party candidate. By the village pond, a clutch of people are huddled on a cold night. \"My house will have no front gate - will be open at all times for all people to walk in with their grievances,\" he says. \"Hans Raj Josan, who controls nearly 30,000 votes, is still not supporting me. But I have nearly 60,000 votes of Rai Sikhs in the constituency,\" he strategizes, planning a compromise with Josan. A former MLA, Josan is angry for being denied the Congress ticket and is threatening to quit the party and run as an independent.For Malkiat, his moment of success is here. \"It is after 30 years that a Rai Sikh has been given ticket by a frontrunner political party,\" says his 70-year-old mother Piaro Devi, who along with Malkiat's wife Manjit Kaur, is going door-to-door, seeking votes for the braveheart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11457195", "title": "Jaiswal faces sustained grilling", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) team probing the Rs 2,000 crore National Rural Heath Mission (NRHM) scam picked up sitting BSP MLA from Barhaj in Deoria, Ram Prasad Jaiswal, late on Tuesday night.Jaiswal was subjected to sustained grilling over four sessions throughout the day. After every session, his statements were communicated to the agency's Delhi unit who would then send back another set of questions for Jaiswal.The process continued almost all through Wednesday. Jaiswal's name had figured repeatedly during the questioning of not only the Jains but also the top officials of the Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam who are already in either in CBI custody or under judicial remand.Though it was clear that the CBI would question Jaiswal over the next couple of days as well, the sleuths refused to confirm if he would be finally arrested within the next few days. Sources said on the basis Jaiswal's statement, the CBI has already prepared a long questionnaire that the agency would sent to Kushwaha in the days to come.On Wednesday, CBI searched at least two locations in a neighbouring district on the basis of information extracted from Jaiswal and is believed to have taken into possession some specific documents related to supplies of medical equipment and ambulances with the NRHM funding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "gnd stadium", "code": "11455932", "title": "Cager Sameer inspires others", "text": "GND STADIUM: Sameer Sen looks like any other trainee at the Ludhiana Basketball Academy, who is practicing hard for the national rural basketball championship that is to be held shortly. But his life is not as smooth as many others of his ilk.He lost his parents quite young and now he is the bread earner of his family. Fifteen-year-old Sameer said he was very young when his parents died. His maternal grandmother, Rekha Lakshmi Sen, brought him up and at the age of eight, he had started working.Initially, he worked as helper at a cycle stand and when he grew up a bit, took up job of a courier boy. Now, he works in the cooking department of a city club and earns Rs 3,000. But, few days ago, he left that job to prepare for his selection.Resident of Ajit Nagar, Sameer has an elder brother who also works in the cooking department. He said only few days are left for his selection results in the state team but if the budget of his family is disturbed , he would join work again. He said he used to come to Ludhiana Basketball Academy court as a child and told about his interest to the coach and general secretary of the academy. They oversaw his game and then selected him for their wing.Sameer has been practicing in the academy for last five years but it has not been that easy for him due to his work. He is all praise for academy sports promoter Vijay Chopra, who helped him a lot in the process.General Secretary of LBA, Teja Singh Dhaliwal said Sameer is an example for the rest of the players as to how hard work and determination are important too besides dreaming big. He said he is very dedicated towards the game and they are supporting him in every way so that he could achieve his goal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11461154", "title": "Probe into Nashik Fest power theft", "text": "NASHIK: Nashik municipal commissioner B D Sanap has ordered an inquiry into the alleged illegal tapping of electricity for the ongoing Nashik Festival. Reacting to the news that electricity was allegedly being stolen from Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) streetlights, without its permission, civic chief Sanap on Tuesday said, \"I have ordered an inquiry. The superintendent engineer of the electrical department has been asked to submit a report on the issue by Wednesday.\"The Nashik Festival, a fifteen-day multi-crore extravaganza organized every year by the Bhujbal Foundation, was reported as being powered by electricity stolen from the NMC's streetlights. Speaking to TOI on Monday, power officials said that there are standing orders that any such power lines drawn without permission be disconnected immediately. On Tuesday, the executive engineer S P Bankar, under whose jurisdiction MICO and Chandak Circle areas fall, toed the same line, saying, \"We do not tolerate such connections.\"While Saurabh Borude, in charge of organizing the Festival, claimed that such permissions were taken by the contractors who had been given the contract for lights, NMC officials categorically denied any such permission being given. The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL) also said that no such permission has been sought or given.Another officer from the NMC's electrical department said officials have been disconnecting the power supply for several days now. According to him, persons from Nashik Festival still drew the power. Asked if the NMC could register a police complaint under the Electricity Act, 2003 the officer replied in the affirmative, but when asked why this had not taken place, he preferred to remain silent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11454782", "title": "40% decline in supply of office space in India", "text": "MUMBAI: An accumulation of vacant stock, weak global economic cues, coupled with delays in expansion plans of occupiers and transaction closures led to more than 40% decline in overall supply of new prime office space in leading India cities in 2011.A report-India Office Market View Q4, 2011-by global commercial real estate services firm CBRE said about 30 million sq ft of prime office space entered the market in 2011. This was significantly lower than in 2010, which witnessed approximately 55 million sq ft of office space entering the market across key cities.\"In several cities, there was a steep decline in the number of completed projects, with delays on account of rising vacancy levels and appreciating input costs impacting construction timelines, especially in the last two quarters of 2011,'' it said.The fourth quarter of 2011 witnessed an addition of almost 5.5 million sq ft of new supply across the leading cities. The new supply addition was largely concentrated in National Capital Region, Chennai, Hyderabad and Pune, comprising more than 80% of the entire supply addition in the fourth quarter.\"While this was comparable to the previous quarter, leading office hubs Mumbai and Bangalore witnessed negligible supply in the Grade A office segment, as existing vacancy pressures forced developers to delay project completions to 2012,'' said the CBRE report.\"During 2011, we witnessed a continuing slowdown in supply of prime office space coupled with a decline in office space demand. This sentiment was indicative of the larger scenario of uncertainty within the corporate sector both in India and in the global market which impacted demand. The continuing volatility in the global and Indian financial markets, coupled with rising inflation and interest rates, has led corporates and developers to be cautious in their expansion plans. The tight liquidity situation, high interest costs and uncertain demand were deterrents for the developers to construct. It would be safe to say that this sentiment would remain, till the global and the Indian economic situation stabilizes,\" said Anshuman Magazine, chairman &amp; managing director, CBRE South Asia Pvt. Ltd.Absorption figures, too, witnessed a decline during the past year. The market conditions led to an approximate 12% decline in overall absorption of office space in leading cities in 2011.The report said about 28 million sq ft of office space was absorbed in 2011compared to 32 million sq ft in 2010 across key cities. During the fourth quarter of 2011 (Oct-Dec), there was a total absorption of almost 6.5 million sq ft of office space across leading cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11454643", "title": "Youth snatch chains to buy school bus", "text": "NAGPUR: Two nineteen-year-old youths and their minor friend allegedly ganged up to snatch gold chains and bags in order to amass amount to invest in a school bus.The trio, rounded up recently, have so confessed to committing seven chain-snatchings and nine bag-liftings in the city. Police recovered nine mobile phones and a bike used for the robberies. Ironically, another stolen bike that was used by the trio for the chain-snatchings got stolen from a parking slot near Yeshwant Stadium.While they retained most of the stolen gold and valuables for future investment, a few of them were disposed of to fund pleasure trips to the city's red-light area and liquor dens. A gang member's girlfriend too got a share of the stolen gold but it has now been seized. The girlfriend is a single mother with a 10-year-old son, said sources. The educated woman conducted tuition classes at her place. Police are probing how she got friendly with the chain-snatcher, a school dropout.Sources said that it was the minor on a splurging spree who came under the crime branch scanner. He was rounded up for questioning earlier this week but was not arrested as his eighteenth birthday is on January 27. Police said that the minor was the mastermind and also acted as the 'shooter' in the gang who rode the bikes used in the crimes.Questioning the minor, police rounded up Imtiyaz Khan and his accomplice Gagan Chavan. While Chavan is the son of a railway employee, Khan's father is a vegetable trader. The trio faced police action for the first time.Senior police inspector Madhao Giri of crime branch said the trio's criminal activities began after they decamped with a woman's bag while she was parking her two-wheeler at Ambazari last year. Police said that the trio mainly lurked around Sonegaon locality. They confessed to have committed six chain-snatchings in areas under the jurisdiction of Sonegaon police station and one in Ambazari. They also admitted to have committed three bag-lifting cases in Ambazari and rest in Rana Pratap Nagar localities. The gang even targeted more than one women on a single day, said police.Crime branch constable Prashant Deshmukh was instrumental in the detection. Crime branch personnel had started a sustained drive against robberies after city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay and Additional CP, crime, Ravindra Kadam planned the special measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11457358", "title": "\u2018Enrichment\u2019 for kids starts at 7 months", "text": "Could you train the ear of a one-year old to distinguish between the sounds of a sitar and a guitar? Or help them \"practice\" their body balancing skills at 14 months? Or teach them to express using colour at 10 months? Some parents definitely think so. The city is witnessing a growing trend where parents enroll children as young as seven months, for 'enrichment classes'. These are designed to initiate very young minds to develop skills at a much earlier age than they would have at home on a less-tutored learning curve.Banoo Jasubhoy runs Fit Kid Fun Factory, a centre focused on physical activity for kids of all ages, starting at seven months. Or, as she puts it, \"when the little ones can sit without support\" . Jasubhoy believes Mumbai lacks open spaces where toddlers can freely explore their surroundings.\"We encourage our tiny tots to engage in physical activity by using props like rhythm sticks, bean bags and toy tunnels. We also show them how to identify movement like clapping, feet-tapping and rolling in a fun, non-competitive environment,\" she says.While physical activity is important, some parents want their little ones to tap into their artistic side as well. Little Ustaads claims to do exactly that. Here, toddlers are taught to listen to and identify sounds of music - from tabla, to flute, to western chords on the piano. The aim is to offer an exposure to music kids may otherwise not have. Pop singer Suneeta Rao, now mother to a 15-month old, says, \"There is no right age to be exposed to music or to indulge in music-oriented activity. My daughter loves her music sessions. I know what a good time she's having from the delight in her eyes.\"But child psychologist Seema Hingorrany says it could be counter-productive . \"A young child can get very bored with intellectual activity in latter formative years if introduced to it too soon. It could also lead to an easily distracted mind,\" she says.Nevertheless, for a city that's rushing to go places, its toddlers sure know how to catch the early bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11460844", "title": "Swami Vivekananda b'day: 50 lakh students across MP participate in 'Surya Namaskar' despite opposition", "text": "BHOPAL: Despite stiff opposition to the 'Surya Namaskar' exercise, a record number of 50 lakh students across Madhya Pradesh today took part in it, with state chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan leading from the front.The School Education Department has made elaborate arrangements for ensuring grand presence in the event which is being organised every year in the state since 2007 on the occasion of Swami Vivekanand's birthday (January 12).\"Nearly 50 lakh students across the state took part in the Surya Namaskar exercise, which is a record in itself,\" official sources said.Defending the decision to organise the event, Chouhan told reporters after the exercise, \"Surya Namaskar is not aassociated with any particular religion. It is a yogic exercise having a unique coordination of mind and body aimed at keeping a person perfectly alright.\"However, he said the participation was not mandatory. He also clarified that the exercise was not organised merely with an aim to get the feat registered in the Guinness Book of Records.Large number of students took part in the sun salutation exercise in the entire state with ministers leading it at divisional and district headquarters.Minority community heads had strongly opposed the move and issued a\"fatwa\" directing people not to take part in the Surya Namaskar exercise.Main opposition Congress also termed the move as an attempt to please the RSS leadership as part of its saffron agenda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11455632", "title": "It\u2019s the usual sad story if you want to go home this Pongal", "text": "CHENNAI: Within minutes of Southern Railway opening reservations for about 10 Pongal special trains, all seats were taken. As trains and government buses to other states and southern districts have been booked full, private buses have doubled the fares.Badly hit are people planning to travel to Trichy, Madurai, Coimbatore, Tirunelveli and Bangalore this weekend. Special trains introduced to Nagercoil, Coimbatore, Tirunelveli and Madurai were sold out as soon as reservations started on Tuesday and Wednesday. Railways is flooded with demands to operate more special trains, including day trains to southern towns of the state. Southern Railway chief public relations officer V J Accamma said they are trying to introduce one or two more special trains.At the Chennai moffusil bus terminus in Koyambedu, ticket fares to Bangalore, Madurai, Coimbatore and Tiruporur have soared. A seat on airconditioned semi-sleeper buses costs Rs 950 instead of the usual Rs 600. \"The prices may go up to Rs 1,800 by Friday, when tickets would be available only in the black,\" said a private bus conductor. Government officials said they were helpless because they don't have statutory powers to curb indiscriminate increase of fares.Office bearers of Tamil Nadu Omni Bus Owner's Association say they do not charge more and it is the illegal operators who fleece passengers. \"Last week we caught a few touts who were selling tickets at higher rates. We will continue to take strict action,\" said association president A Afzal.Passengers say government bus conductors, too, charge extra for tickets during festive seasons. \"I have had to pay Rs 50 or Rs 100 extra to get a seat in SETC buses,\" said C Sundar, a frequent commuter between Chennai and Bangalore. SETC denied knowledge of any such practice. \"If commuters face such a problem, they can call our helpline (044-27490394) and report the bus route, number and time. We will take strict action,\" said SETC managing director S Mani. He also said that all tickets for overnight journey in buses have been booked full.A Ramani, a frequent traveler, said, \"Railways should try to operate more day trains comprising only unreserved coaches. This will clear the rush because travelling is priority for a large number of people who will other wise have to depend on crowded buses or private transport to get home during Pongal,\" he said.The number of special trains operated during festival time has increased over the years. But Southern Railway is suffering from shortage of coaches and the Chennai-Madurai-Tirunelveli trunk route is saturated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11455352", "title": "Inspector gets the rap in kidnapping case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Inspector of Habeebnagar police station N S V Venkateswar Rao was on Wednesday pulled up by city police commissioner A K Khan for not acting responsibly in a case of kidnapping and torture.Mirza Saleem Baig, a resident Hafiz Baba Nagar, had filed a complaint with the Habeebnagar police alleging that on January 8 he was kidnapped and tortured by Shakeel Khan and his henchmen Nayeem, Ateeq and Imran. He was forcibly picked up from Alhamdulillah Hotel in Habeebnagar area and taken to an under-construction function hall at Ahmed Colony, Golconda. There he was confined for 30 hours and tortured, he alleged. Baig also alleged that Shakeel Khan called his wife and demanded Rs 2 lakh ransom to release him.Following the rap from the commissioner, the Habeebnagar police registered a case under Sections 364 (A) (kidnap for ransom), 506 (criminal intimidation), 325 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt) and 149 (unlawful assembly).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bhandra", "code": "11454368", "title": "'ZP at your doorstep' drive concludes in Bhandara", "text": "BHANDRA: In order to acquaint villagers with various schemes, a 'zilla parishad at your doorstep' campaign was implemented for the last two months.Startling from Chulhad in Tumsar taluka, it concluded at Pimpalgaon Kohali in Lakhandur with the staging of a drama enacted by Bhandara ZP president advocate Vasant Enchilwar and subject committee chairperson Geeta Kapgate. 52 ZP constituencies were covered in which villagers were given information about its schemes in various spheres of rural segment. Booklets and brochures were distributed. The ZP had made a special provision of Rs 15 lakh, but sources said that expenditure of the programme was managed by gram sevaks and teachers.ZP president Enchilwar, vice-president Deepak Gajbhiye, chairmen of six subject committees, CEO, heads of departments and BDOs of panchayat samitis attended the programmes.At the concluding programme at Pimpalgaon Kohali, Jhashichi Rani Laxmibai, a historical drama, was staged. The acting talent of Enchilwar and Kapgate was witnessed at the show. ZP president played the role of Tatya Tope. Kapgate was in the lead role of Rani Laxmibai. Former BJP MLA Dayaram Kapgate also acted. However, a senior BJP worker asked the propriety of staging a drama when the campaign was to acquaint villagers with various schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11455209", "title": "Jarawa video footage 'obnoxious and disgusting': Minister", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Andaman administration on Wednesday denied that the man whose voice can be heard in a video clip asking naked Jarawa women to dance was a policeman. It said the local police played no role in allowing the filming.Union tribal affairs minister V Kishore Chandra Deo condemned the footage as \"obnoxious and disgusting\".\"This video clip is not fresh and not of recent time. Apparently, people have seen it on the internet for the last four or five years. That, however, is yet to be established. But the fact is that it's not something that happened in the last few weeks or months,\" Deo said.The home ministry also directed the island administration to find out how the tribals, living in seclusion within 'reserve forests' covering around 1,200 sq km, came in contact with tourists and to find out the people responsible for their exploitation. The matter is also likely to be taken up by Union home minister P Chidambaram, who is scheduled to visit the islands on January 21 for reviewing development projects.The Andaman police accused the British journalist who did the report of forcing the Jarawa to dance. Andaman police chief SB Deol said the video was perhaps taken in 2002. He said whoever shot the clip had violated rules and will face action.Keeping the Jarawas in splendid isolation forever as if they are some museum piece, not human beings, smacks of condescension. Equally, exposing them to exploitation by commercial forces of which they would have little understanding is unacceptable.We must also remember that they could be at serious risk from infections for which their isolation has given them no immunity. Hence, the process of their integration must perforce be extremely slow.This calls for sensitivity to the issues involved from all sides. That includes the government but is not restricted to officialdom alone. Tourists too need to remember that we are dealing here with our fellow human beings not animals in a zoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11460701", "title": "Steps to a great Kuchipudi recital", "text": "Separating the best from the banal on Mumbai's culturescapeThe stories of how our local dance forms came to be acknowledged as 'classical', giving India its cultural definition after Independence, are various and fascinating. Kathak, bharatanatyam, odissi and manipuri were the first to arrive. Kuchipudi got its toe in the door during the first national dance conference organised by the Sangeet Natak Akademi in Delhi in 1958. When Yamini Krishnamurthy, trained by the great guru Vedantam Lakshminarayana Sastri, took it all over the country, its place became firmly established. Those of us who saw Krishnamurthy perform Swami ra ra, fell in love with the dance and also with its music, rendered in a strong, pliant voice by her sister Jyotishmathi.It was a pity, therefore, that Amrita Lahiri's performance of Kuchipudi under the auspices of ICCR's Horizon Series at the NCPA last week, was accompanied by recorded music. Fortunately the dance was so scintillating, that we forgot to complain.In the old days, critics who wielded much power in the making or breaking of dance careers, had no qualms about dismissing a dancer for her extra bulk. Today, the few critics who still survive are compelled by political correctness to be more circumspect. With Kuchipudi, however, slimness is a must if the sprightliness of the dance is to look graceful rather than ungainly. Lahiri is slim and lissom, which lends that extra definition to her precise hand gestures and lively facial expressions.The abhinaya in Kuchipudi has a much wider range and flexibility than in Bharatanatyam because its origins lie in dance drama. In Kuchipudi, its birthplace in Andhra Pradesh, the danceractors were male Brahmins, some of whom specialised in female roles. Solo dancing was one of the innovations introduced by the gurus to give their art a wider audience. This trajectory brought two problems with it. When men danced Kathak or Odissi, they only suggested the nayikas, not played them. In Kuchipudi, men dressed up as female characters and played them. Consequently, their expressions and gestures were more exaggeratedly feminine.Another point. The first patrons and recipients of Kuchipudi were the locals. Rural India has a more earthy approach to life than urban India. What we think of as vulgar is to them, a part of life in all its naturalness.When Vedantam Lakshminarayana Sastri moved to Chennai in 1948, he went straight to the great Balasaraswati's house with an offer to teach her all he knew in abhinaya and improvisation. In the recently published book on her by Douglas M Knight Jr, the following observation made by Balasaraswati's brother T Vishwanathan, is recorded: He was teaching her systematically so that she would learn to do her own things, but some things were a little obscene and Bala said, 'I won't do it'. At this point of time in the evolution of Kuchipudi, one doesn't suppose Lahiri has had to make such a careful choice of gestures, postures and expressions. Yet one notices a certain aesthetic control being exercised over them, thanks perhaps to the training she has received in Bharatanatyam from Leela Samson.Fortunately, the control does no harm to Lahiri's spontaneity, expressed in her darting eyes and lively smile. All the items that she danced, choreographed by her present guru Jaikishore Mosalikati, combined complex footwork, clean lines, an unflagging pace and infinite grace. Her leaps and jumps were executed with the lightness of a gazelle; and one of the more awesome moments in the choreography was when the movement of her body exactly matched the meend of the bol dheem.Many contemporary dancers are a little apologetic about tarangam, which is danced with the feet planted on the rim of a brass plate. This classic item in the Kuchipudi repertoire, allows the dancer to display her virtuoso skills. I see no reason for apology given that virtuosity is part of Kathak too and certainly of classical music. Lahiri's tarangam was not drawn from the Krishna Leela Taringini as it often is, but told the story of the killing of Mahishasur by goddess Durga. The tarangam was not merely a virtuoso performance either. There was innovative finesse here too, in the fluid way in which she danced in and out of the brass plate which had already been placed on the stage up front, doing away with the clunkiness of fetching it from the wings when its time came.Amrita Lahiri's performance was refreshing and energising, and left us asking for more. Let's hope there will be more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11455867", "title": "CAT results: 9 notch up 100 percentile", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Institute of Management declared the results for the Common Admission Test (CAT) 2011 on Wednesday, in which nine aspirants have notched up a 100 percentile. Around 1.85 lakh candidates took the test over a 20-day period across 36 cities starting mid-October, 2011.The toppers included Shashank Prabhu, a student of Faculty of Management Studies, who reappeared for CAT despite securing a seat in a premier B-school. Prabhu said, \"I didn't manage to do so well last year, which shattered many expectations. I wanted to prove a point, which I could this year.\" But he is yet to make up his mind about which B-school he wants to get into, or if he is going to leave FMS midway.On the fact that joining an IIM would mean he will lose out on a year, Prabhu said, \"Whatever you do is never a waste. I have learnt many things in the last one year.\"Shikhar Goyal from Sri Venkateswara College scored 97 percentile despite over 50% visual impairment. Goyal, who is from Hisar in Haryana and comes from a business family, said, \"I applied myself to the preparations without worrying about the score.\" He was provided a scribe during the test. The study material provided by the teachers at his coaching centre helped him crack CAT, added Goyal.The IIMs and several other B-schools, including the management studies departments in the National Institute of Technology and the Indian Institute of Technology, subscribe to CAT score. The IITs and FMS decided to accept CAT scores this year.The convenor of CAT 2011, professor Janakiraman Moorthy of IIM Calcutta, said the IIMs will start calling candidates for the next stage of the admission process with immediate effect. \"Some IIMs may come out with the list from this evening itself. Within a week, all the IIMs would have sent out mails to prospective candidates,\" he said. About the results, Moorthy said: \"While nine aspirants scored 100 percentile, 1,800 candidates scored 99 percentile and above.\"Vinayak Gupta, a student of economics (H) with SRCC who scored 99.89 percentile, said: \"The 15-minute trial was a great help, and the test was better organized.\"This year, many of the new IIMs, including those in Tiruchirapalli, Udaipur and Raipur, have increased their intake from 70 to 120. This will improve the chances of making it to the prestigious institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11455605", "title": "Stalin loyalist joins board of DMK-owned Kalaignar TV", "text": "CHENNAI: With its profits dipping, the DMK-owned Kalaignar TV appears set for a management overhaul.In a first step, party organizing secretary and advocate P V Kalyanasundaram has been quietly inducted into the board of directors. The move has come as a surprise for seniors in the party. Kanimozhi and Sharad Kumar, who each hold 20% stake in the channel, claimed that the move was news to them.Though Kalyanasundaram took charge a few months ago, the decision was kept a secret, said sources. Kanimozhi said, \"It is news to me. I was not informed about it.\" Kanimozhi and DMK chief M Karunanidhi's wife Dayalu Ammal, founder-directors of the channel, had resigned from the board. Kanimozhi resigned just 13 days after being inducted into the board following her nomination to the Rajya Sabha in 2007.Sources said Karunanidhi visited the TV office a couple of days ago with son M K Stalin and pulled up the top management staff for mismanagement.With a major re-organisation on the cards, it is said Stalin proposed a retired IAS officer for taking charge of the administration. \"Kalyanasundaram is a committed partyman. He started his career as an advocate and actively participated in the legal wing and gained the confidence of Thalapathi (Stalin),\" a senior DMK leader said. Kalyanasundaram, one of the two organizing secretaries of the party, is a known Stalin loyalist. He is also a member of the DMK high-level committee.He was nominated to the board of Tata Communications as an independent member by the telecom ministry in 2005 during the earlier UPA regime when Dayanidhi Maran was telecom minister.Tata Communications was earlier the Videsh Sanchar Nigam Ltd and the Union government holds 26% stake in the company. Though his first term ended after three years, his membership was extended along with that of another DMK leader V R S Sampath for another three years.He was asked to quit the board in May 2011. He had one more year of his term left when he resigned from the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11455737", "title": "Plastic bags to get dearer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation has launched its war on plastic by hitting where it hurts the most - the consumer's pocket. The new Plastic Waste (Management and Handling) Rules, made public on Wednesday, stipulate that shoppers will now have to pay between Rs 2 and Rs 10 for them.On the other end, AMC has imposed a heavy fine of Rs 50,000 on manufacturers and Rs 10,000 to Rs 50,000 on wholesalers for stocking plastic below 40 microns in thickness. AMC rules state that for the small shopkeeper and larri owner the fine is Rs 500.To the consumer, a small bag would now be sold for Rs 2 while the medium size would cost Rs 5 and jumbo bags will be sold at Rs 10. At present, they don't cost more than Rs 4. Alarm bells started ringing when it was found last year that 10% of the 2,600 tonnes of garbage generated by the city daily was plastic, which is non-biodegradable.The Union ministry of forests and environment had in February 2011 ruled that no carry bags would be made available free to consumers. It allowed the municipal authority to determine the minimum price for plastic carry bags.Plastic bags still sold in cityIf you happen to shop at the Kalupur fruit market or at the one near Jamalpur, you will find free distribution of carry bags below 40 microns thick. These plastic bags have been banned by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC).Not just these markets but almost all traders in the city and vegetable markets around the housing colonies have been distributing these carry bags free despite being banned.Nearly 10-15% of the city garbage is plastic waste stated a study conducted in 2010. \"Barring malls and reputed stores, the ban is only on paper,\" said Pravin Patel, a Drive-in resident, adding that he carries his own bag when going to big malls. But while on a visit to a nearby shop or even the vegetable market, he gets plastic bags easily. He said that the ban exists only on paper.The civic body officials said that since April 1, 2011, they have seized 10,802 kg of plastic and collected administrative charge of Rs 4.48 lakh. They claimed of sealing over 40 units and issuing notices to 3,260.But they too admit of failing to implement the ban. \"The ban has not been successful so far, since plastic units continue to produce them and are making their way into markets. They are cheap for retailers; and, consumers' preference for them has aggravated the situation,\" said an AMC official.A shop-owner in Satellite refusing to be quoted said, \"a person comes with a huge white bag carrying all types of carry bags. These bags are priced between Rs 10 per packet and Rs 20 per packet. The prices change according to the size of the bags. Each packet has 100 carry bags.\"Shital Patel, a resident of Gurukul too, said that the bags are easily available and the ban is not been implemented. \"While checking the garbage collected from societies one would find thin plastic bags. If the ban was effective, where are these bags coming from.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11456996", "title": "Erring judges: Government, Supreme Court differ on response", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when judicial accountability is being hotly debated, the government and the Supreme Court appear to have shrugged off responsibility on the procedure to deal with complaints against erring judges with both giving contradictory RTI responses.While the justice department said that the chief justice of the high court concerned and the CJI (for judges of the SC and the chief justices of other courts) had the competent authority to ascertain facts and take appropriate action, the then CJI Y K Sabharwal had in response to an RTI plea in 2006 rejected a complaint for action against an HC judge on the basis that neither the SC nor the CJI were \"appointing or disciplinary authority'' in respect of judges of superior courts.Significantly the government has also said that there was no provision to restrict HC judges from their entitlement of post-retirement benefits even if the judges had resigned prematurely to avoid contempt proceedings.When asked in an RTI plea by activist S C Agrawal on action taken against judges, the justice department in its reply dated December 30, 2011 referred to a conference of chief justices in 1990, saying that the CJI had summed up the position by saying, \"The CJ of the HC has the competence to receive complaints against the conduct of the judges of his court... where he is satisfied that the matter requires to be examined, he shall have facts ascertained in such a manner as he considers appropriate keeping the nature of allegations in view and if he is of the opinion that the matter is such that it should be reported to the CJI, he shall do so. The CJI shall act in a similar manner in regard to complaints relating to conduct of judges of the SC and CJs of high courts.''In the 2006 reply to Agrawal, SC registrar and appellate authority Hemant Sampat quoted the then CJI Sabhawal and said, \"Neither the SC nor the CJI were appointing or disciplinary authority in respect of judges of superior courts, including judges of HCs.'' Agrawal had in October 2005 complained against an HC judge misusing his position to former CJI R C Lahoti. No action was taken against the complaint. Agrawal approached the Central Information Commission (CIC) which in an order in April 2006 asked the SC to disclose the status of the complaint. Sabharwal's order in response to the CIC direction was that the he had examined the matter and found no merit in the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460958", "title": "Farmers to be affected by stir", "text": "NASHIK: The closure of the onion market is likely to affect number of farmers. With the onions having a shelf life of not more than four weeks, the rates have already crashed from Rs 500 per quintal to Rs 350 or less.The recent auction boycott by the onion traders is the eighth since 2004 when the bench of the Aurangabad High Court ordered that a levy should be collected only from registered employees under the Mathadi Act.However, in 2008 the state government issued a circular saying the levy should be collected from the traders' earnings. \"If the traders are appointed by APMCs, why should we pay for their levy? Those appointed through Mathadi Board pay the levy. We therefore, appealed to the high court for guidance. On the issue of deciding who the labourers are, the high court has directed the matter to local civil courts,\" Nandkumar Daga, president of Lasalgaon Merchants' Association, said.In another case, the high court had directed the district collector to collect the levy for the Mathadi labourers. The collector accordingly issued the notice to the traders. Since some traders had taken a stay from the high court, they were exempted but those who had not, were asked to pay.Meanwhile, Lasalgaon APMC president Jaydutta Holkar said the traders are harassing the farmers.\"The right way to seek relief is by approaching the high court. Their boycott will only find the farmers in deeper trouble. They are blackmailing the farmers and the government as well for their gains,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11453458", "title": "'Each time on stage is a new experience'", "text": "PUNE: The city is no stranger to this prolific artiste. He has performed with the likes of Zakir Hussain and Trilok Gurtu and has shared the stage with Billy Cobham , who incidentally is his inspiration. Master percussionist Sivamani is back again to captivate the city as part of the Times Pune Festival on Thursday. And the very first thing he tells you is: \"We will rock the show in Pune!\"A regular on the Times Festival circuit, Sivamani - fondly known as Siva - says, \"Even though I have performed in Pune a number of times, every time I have found something new there. It is never the same thing.\" He continues, \"I have played innumerable times, but each time I get on the stage, it is a new experience. There is something new to be tried and to be shared with the audience.\"Known for the various instruments he uses on stage, Sivamani has travelled far and wide and collected signature instruments from the countries he has performed in. This year, he promises to enthrall the city with a new instrument - the Lion head drum. Specially crafted for him in the US, Sivamani had used this drum in the film 'Jodhaa Akbar'. \"I am looking forward to playing the drum in Pune. It is going to be fantastic,\" he says enthusiastically.Sivamani has an impressive collection of musical instruments that range from the octoban, darbuka, udukai, kanjira to many more that he has collected over the years from South India, Middle East, Eastern Europe and North Africa. Ask him about his one favourite equipment and pat comes the reply: \"Drums\". \"Drums will always be my priority,\" he says.Every bit a showman, Sivamani feels it is important to involve the audience in a performance. \"The audience has come to listen to you. They give you their heart. So you must give something back to them. Hence, my spontaneous outbursts. These small moments that you share with the audience are big memories that they take back with themselves,\" he says. Little wonder then that when he plays, his infectious and unputdownable energy encompasses all around him.It has been a long musical journey for him - a journey that has seen him performing on the global stage with well-known names as well as making inroads into Bollywood and the South Indian film music industry. In fact, A R Rahman and Ilayaraja both swear by his craftsmanship. He has collaborated with Rahman on a lot of films like 'Roja', 'Rang De Basanti', 'Taal' and 'Lagaan'. In his own words, the journey that for Sivamani began at the age of 11 has been \"magic at every stage\". \"It is because of my parents that I am what I am today. I owe my talent to my father (noted percussionist S M Anandan). And, of course, my gurus have contributed to my success.\"According to another master, Zakir Hussain, Sivamani is that rare percussionist who walks this planet maybe once or twice in a century. To this, all that the humble showman has to say is: \"God has been kind.\" In fact, Sivamani has also shared the stage with the tabla maestro's father, the late Ustad Allah Rakha. He remembers those moments as \"unforgettable\".Pune has such a thriving band scene, do we see him collaborating with any band in the near future? \"Well, to be honest, rock bands are more up my son's alley! He studies in Pune and might be the one playing with a rock band,\" he says, before adding as an afterthought, \"Who knows, I might just jam with them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11461240", "title": "Shilpa Shetty makes her first public appearance with a heavy bump", "text": "Bollywood actress Shilpa Shetty is glowing and Raj Kundra , her husband is making sure she is happy and well-fed. As the duo expect their first child, they are avoiding places and parties where there's too much crowd and loud noise, for obvious reasons.However, on Thursday evening, Shilpa made her first public appearance at Lohri pre-celebrations, hosted by her friend Kiran Bawa at a suburban venue in Mumbai and happily flaunted her heavy bump. Sporting a pretty off-white anarkali set and hair left loose, she looked completely at ease and enjoyed the gaana-bajana.When people asked how she was feeling, she said that she feels great, eats healthy and is currently enjoying her state. Says a friend of the actress, \"Shilpa suffered a miscarriage earlier this year, so this time Raj and she did not want to break the news till the first trimester was complete. Now, she has started telling her close friends.\" Shilpa, who is heavily into yoga and fitness, is taking good care of herself. We hear Raj is also trying to spend as much time as he can with the wifey to ensure she gets all the rest she needs for a healthy and safe pregnancy, hosted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11456363", "title": "2G accused object to CBI filing additional documents", "text": "NEW DELHI: Accused in the 2G spectrum allocation scam on Wednesday objected to CBI's move of filing additional documents having communications exchanged between Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) and Department of Telecom ( DoT) -- a day before the deposition of TRAI's ex-chairman Nripendra Misra.The counsel appearing for former telecom minister A Raja, ex-telecom secretary Siddharth Behura and others said CBI's move was \"malafide\" as it had not given proper reasons why it had filed these documents related to Misra just a day before his deposition as a witness.\"The CBI has shown these documents to the witness (Misra) while recording his statement way back in March 2011 but they have not been provided to us. The documents were seized by CBI a day after registration of FIR in October 2009 but they were not filed in the court along with the chargesheets,\" senior advocate Sushil Kumar, appearing for Raja, told special CBI judge O P Saini.The agency had on Tuesday filed some documents relating to Misra, who appeared before the court to depose as a prosecution witness in the 2G case. The documents included TRAI files, correspondence between Misra and former telecom secretaries Behura, D S Mathur and others on the issues of licences and spectrum allocation. Behura's counsel S P Minocha contended that the CBI's plea to take these documents on record was against the principles of law and was not maintainable.The court has listed for Thursday the matter for arguments on the plea and deferred recording of statement of Misra after both the CBI and the defence counsel agreed to first decide on the issue of filing of additional documents by the agency.Meanwhile, the court partly recorded the statement of Misra, who said that though TRAI is a statutory body, constituted to regulate telecom sector and services, the final decisions rest with government.Deposing as a prosecution witness, Misra explained the functioning of TRAI and gave an instance when the Centre had sought its opinion on telecom services.Misra, who was also posted as telecom secretary during the tenures of Arun Shourie and Dayanidhi Maran as telecom ministers, said the Centre had sought TRAI recommendations on various subjects through its April 13, 2007, letter.Regarding the letter, he said government had sought recommendations on subjects including transfer of licences, substantial equity holding by a company/legal person in more than one licencee company in the same service area, rollout obligations and requirement to publish printed telephone directory.Misra, who was posted as TRAI chairman from March 22, 2006, to March 22, 2009, said government had also sought recommendations of the authority on the issues of limiting the number of access providers in each telecom service area and review of terms and conditions in \"access provider licence\".He said that after receiving the letter, the authority issued a consultation paper to all stakeholders and the paper was put in public domain. \"Based on the evaluation of the comments, TRAI fixed a public hearing after giving due notice. The hearing was duly recorded. After the evaluation of all the relevant documents and the hearing, the draft proposal was made for sending recommendation to the government of India.\"This was considered by the authority and on their approval, it was forwarded to the government and a press release to that effect was notified,\" said Misra whose deposition remained inconclusive on Wednesday.On being shown TRAI's recommendations of August 28, 2007, Misra said it was a public document and the entire report has to be read in totality as there were recommendations and observations during the analysis of the various issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11454508", "title": "Anna's aide seeks NCP ticket, party claims all's well", "text": "PUNE: After a series of bitter exchanges with Anna Hazare over corruption in recent times, Sharad Pawar's Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) has had the last laugh.The party on Tuesday claimed that that the anti-graft crusader had given a 'clean chit' to the NCP by allowing his supporter from Ralegan Siddhi to contest as an NCP candidate in the local election. The party also intends to make it one of the main poll planks in Pune and other cities in the state which will go for elections in February.Sarpanch of Ralegan Siddhi Jaisingh Mapari on Tuesday sought the NCP nomination for the Ahmednagar zilla parishad election scheduled on February 7. Mapari said that Hazare had permitted him to contest as an NCP candidate.\"If the NCP and its leaders were corrupt Anna would have never permitted Mapari to seek an NCP ticket. During his interview, Mapari told us that Anna was never against Pawar and his party. We are happy that a close confidant of Hazare wants to contest under our banner. This is a clean chit to the NCP by Anna,\" Ankush Kakade NCP spokesperson and party observer for Ahmednagar who conducted the interviews said. The party will decide on Mapari's candidature after consulting state leaders.\"I have Anna's blessings and he has nothing against the NCP. Pawar (senior) has never spoken a word against him. There is no conflict between them,\" Mapari said after his interview. He wants to contest from Wade-Ghavan group in Parner taluka of Ahmednagar district.\"We will take this to the people across the state. In Pune, Anna's movement received a good response and we hope to get the support of all his supporters,\" Kakade said.In December, Hazare had said that Pawar had an \"old habit of protecting corrupt people\" and virtually justified his \"just one slap\" remark after Pawar was attacked by a youth in Delhi in November. Hazare admitted on his blog that he had \"committed violence\" with his remark but said it was for the \"betterment of society\".The state Congress has reacted cautiously to the development. \" The NCP can claim that Anna has given them clean chit. Congress does not need any clean chit from anyone. In the local elections last month people elected Congress candidates,\" party spokesperson Anand Gadgil said.A clutch of non-governmental organizations (NGOs) in the city has decided to contest the civic polls in 2012 under the Pune Nagrik Sanghatana (PNS). Fuelled by Anna Hazare's anti-corruption agitation that evoked a huge public response across the country, they feel they now have a better chance to cleanse the system.Now that Anna has decided to keep away from any campaigning, the PNS has decided to rope in team Anna members to Pune. \"We are talking to Medha Patkar and others requesting them to campaign for our candidates in Pune,\" Vivek Velankar of PNS said.He added that Anna supporters in Pune will vote for PNS. \"The Anna movement is still alive and strong but not visible. We hope that those who participated in the Lokpal agitation will come out in our support. The federation/coalition wants to select, screen and support worthy, clean, ethical and socially committed candidates,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11456688", "title": "Total liquor ban not easy: CM", "text": "Even as religious heads and the Karnataka State Temperance Board are working to rid the state of alcohol, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda said here on Wednesday the government cannot implement a total ban on sale of alcohol as it would only boost the production and sale of illicit liquor.At a KSTB round-table of mutt heads and seers against alcoholism, Gowda said, \"Fire burns only the body, but alcohol burns body and soul too.\" But he was practical enough to admit the government cannot implement such a ban easily.He suggested a massive awareness campaign to reduce the number of alcohol addicts instead of a ban on the liquor sale. \"Awareness programmes should be organised at the village level and simultaneously attempts should be made to ban liquor gradually. The government will gain moral strength to ban liquor when the number of alcoholics is reduced,\" he said.Gowda pointed out that despite village squads to crack down on alcoholism, the sale of illicit liquor increased in the state considerably after arrack was banned. The government's revenue through liquor increased to Rs 8,000 crore, an increase of 20%, after the arrack ban. But the government is very concerned about the loss to the society through alcohol ills, he said.Earlier, Sidddaganga Mutt seer Shivakumara Swamiji in his inaugural address appealed to the government to take initiatives to make the state alcohol-free. \"A humane society can be created only through the abolition of the liquor trade,\" Swamiji said.Meanwhile, Sri Murugha Mutt pontiff Sri Shivamurthy Murugha Sharanaru said the state should make Gujarat a role model in the ban process. \"Gujarat has been made alcohol-free as it's the land where Mahatma Gandhi was born. The ban should be implemented in Karnataka considering that Kanakadasa, Basavanna and Purandaradasa were born here,\" he suggested, adding that political parties should stop the practice of distributing liquor to voters during election.EVASIVE ON NOTICEThe CM sidestepped questions about the high court notice against him for illegal construction of a five-storeyed building in HSR Layout. At the sidelines of a function, Sadananda Gowda merely said: ''I haven't received the notice yet.''TIMES VIEWChief minister Sadananda Gowda's pragmatic approach in the face of the demand for a ban on sale of liquor in the Karnataka deserves a quiet toast. Much as nobody wants people to become alcoholics and cause problems in family and the society, everybody should be clear that the right to choose to drink or not should rest with the individual. And when economics trumps shrill demands for prohibition, as has happened in the past in Andhra Pradesh, the CM's take on the seers' demand is praiseworthy also because he hasn't buckled under the power of the religious lobby.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11460707", "title": "Pak court admits plea seeking to prevent sacking of Kayani", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A Pakistani court had admitted a petition seeking to block any attempt by the government to sack army chief Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani and ISI chief Lt Gen Ahmed Shuja Pasha over the memo scandal.The petition filed by lawyer Maulvi Iqbal Haider was accepted by the Islamabad high court yesterday.Haider asked the court to restrain the President and Prime Minister from taking any action against the army and ISI chiefs by issuing a notification until a final decision is made on his petition.However, Haider is considered a \"dubious character\" by the Supreme Court and has been barred from entering the apex court's premises by Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry for filing frivolous petitions, The Express Tribune reported.Haider filed the petition hours after the military warned that Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani's criticism of the army and ISI chiefs could have \"grievous consequences\".Gilani sacked the Defence Secretary yesterday and there has been speculation that the government may take similar action against the army and ISI chiefs.He filed his petition under Article 199 of the Constitution and named 11 respondents, including the President, Prime Minister, army chief, ISI chief and chairman of the National Accountability Bureau.Haider asked the court to declare that the President and Prime Minster had failed to perform their constitutional duties by disobeying the orders of the Supreme Court and the judicial commission probing the Memogate scandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11454477", "title": "Ahead of polls, government okays 3-fold increase in daily allowance", "text": "NAGPUR: Eight days ahead of model code of conduct coming into force from January 5, state government gifted its employees a three-fold increase in daily allowance.With this, officials going on tours can now afford to stay in better hotels. The allowances are applicable for people travelling to six cities Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Hyderabad and Bengaluru (Bangalore). Babus of all categories travel to Mumbai for official work. Senior officials are also required to travel to Delhi and other places.\"Although the government had revamped the allowances and pay package of employees by implementing the sixth pay panel recommendations in March 2010, the decision on increasing daily allowance was under consideration,\" sources said.On December 27 last year, the finance department issued a notification making three-fold increase in DA for officials staying in hotels when on official tours to above six cities. The orders will be effective from December 1, 2010.Earlier, in the Class I 'A' category, officials in the grade pay above Rs 8,900 and in the higher administrative grade (HAG) pay used to get an allowance of Rs 1,000 per day. However, now they will get Rs 3,000 per day. In case of forest department, it will include officials of the rank of principal chief conservators of forests (PCCFs), additional APCCFs, CCFs and senior CFs.Those in the grade pay between Rs 6,600 and Rs 8,900 (B category) will now get Rs 2,000 per day instead of Rs 750 earlier. This will include officials of the rank of deputy conservators of forests (DyCFs).Similarly, in the Class II category, those between the Grade pay of Rs 5,400 and Rs 6,600, will also get an allowance of Rs 2,000 per day. It was Rs 750 earlier. It will include officials of the rank of assistant conservators (ACFs) and range forest officers (RFOs).Officials whose Grade pay is between Rs 4,400 and 5,400, will get Rs 1,500 per day from existing Rs 575. In Class III category, those in the Grade pay of Rs 4,200 and Rs 4,300, will now be paid Rs 900 per day from present Rs 375. Those below the grade pay of Rs 4,200 will get an allowance of Rs 800 per day from meagre Rs 300 at present.New ratesGrade Pay Old New8900 &amp; HAG 1000 30006600-8900 750 20005400-6600 750 20004400-5400 575 15004200-4300 375 9004200-Below 300 800(The per day allowance will be effective from December 1, 2010)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11460304", "title": "Sona files petition", "text": "Actress Sona seems to be finding herself in the midst of another controversy.The Kuselan actress, who was earlier in the news for her spat with playback singer and producer S P Charan, has now filed a complaint with the Tamil Nadu Producers Council against producer T Siva. In her petition, she has claimed that she had purchased the entire rights of the Tamil version of Jai-Shahzahn Padamsee-starrer Kanimozhi and has a 50 per cent ownership right in other Indian languages rights. She has now alleged that Siva has entered into agreement with Jakkula Nageswara Rao without her consent for dubbing the film in Telugu. She further sought the council to take action against the two for colluding with each other with the intention of cheating her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11456416", "title": "Civil aviation ministry officials fail to give convincing answers to PAC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Public Accounts Committee chair M M Joshi pulled up senior officials of the civil aviation ministry for not providing \"convincing\" answers to queries posed by committee members on the Comptroller and Auditor General's damning report on Air India.At the committee's meeting on Wednesday, ministry officials had few answers on being asked several queries in light of the civil aviation ministry's initial responses on merger of Indian Airlines and Air India , absence of a turnaround plan, lack of policy direction from the government, aircraft acquisition and failure to become part of the Star Alliance.Ministry officials contested the CAG's adverse observations on the ground that they reflect \"in a large part an insufficient understanding of the bilateral process\". The official auditor has been scathing in criticism of the decision to give up the airline's claims on profit earning sectors. It has also questioned the aircraft purchase plan.Some PAC members got the impression that officials were \"killing time\" and Congress's Saifuddin Soz intervened to demand that the ministry come back with its responses in no more than two weeks. The ministry is understood to have taken a long time in responding to the initial set of queries that usually form the background for a more detailed examination.The CAG has noted that the merger of AI and IA is almost 90% incomplete. Ministry officials said they would prefer to give their rejoinders in writing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11453589", "title": "For the record, Anjali has the Lord lettered", "text": "NAGPUR: City teen Anjali Sahu has earned her place in India Book of Records for her effort of writing all letters of English alphabet in the form of Ganesh. Now she is eyeing the record for writing alphabets of the Devnagri script and the numbers from 1 to 10 in the form of the elephant-headed deity.Anjali would be among the 120 record holders who would be presented with their certificates on Thursday at a glittering ceremony to be held simultaneously across 12 cities in the country. On the occasion of India Book of Records Day that falls on January 12, as the record book for the year 2012 is released, several people from all over the country would attempt to make or break records that would be entered in the next edition.The English alphabet collection had already been completed last year by the first year BFA student. \"It took me 15 days to make all 26 pictures. After that I started with the 'swaras' of the Hindi alphabets but had to stop as studies became a priority during HSC,\" she recalled. After finishing her board exams, she began working on the remaining Hindi letters and the numbers. Since these two collections were incomplete last year, only the A-Z Ganeshas could be entered into the record books including the Limca Book of Records.Even before attaining adulthood, the young artist gained a distinct place in the inner circle of the hobbyists' club of the city Chhand Vaibhav, gaining love as well respect from her fellow members. She credits the guidance of some of the senior members of the club, themselves record holders, for helping her get into the books.What got Anjali noticed by the club was her collection of works of art created on grains of rice. \"During my school time, there was a lot of talk of machines that could write on rice grains. I thought of trying to do it manually. After a few attempts, perfected the art with the help of a fine paint brush,\" recounts Anjali. She now has a collection of the preamble of Indian Constitution, national anthem and a chart of national leaders, all on grains of rice, with fine words on them, stuck together.Despite having been clear about pursuing her art professionally, Anjali did have other things on her mind, too. Being a bright student, she wished to take up medicine and even attempted PMT last year. \"Then I began thinking that if I take up medicine, I might have to say goodbye to my artistic pursuits as I would not be able to do justice to both the things at the same time,\" she reasoned. The fear of giving up on her source of pleasure and her passion made her consider getting a degree in fine arts, which she believes offers her numerous possibilities.All through this, Anjali's parents have been her biggest support, encouraging her to follow her heart and never forcing their 'worldly wisdom' on the young girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11455717", "title": "Jaya\u2019s new scheme ups health cover to 1 lakh per year", "text": "CHENNAI: Chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Wednesday launched a new health insurance scheme which will cover 1.34 crore poor families in the state.The Chief Minister's Comprehensive Health Insurance Scheme, which will replace the Kalaignar Kapittu Thittam launched during the DMK regime, will provide a family up to 1 lakh per annum for four years. For certain diseases, the cover could go up to 1.50 lakh. The previous scheme offered Rs1 lakh cover per family for a period of four years. The scheme, to be implemented by public sector United India Insurance Company, will be available to families whose annual income is less than 72,000.Jayalalithaa handed over identity cards for the scheme to seven beneficiaries at the launch. The scheme will cover diagnosis, pre and post-operative costs. In some cases, it covers life-saving treatment that does not include surgery.Since claims by government hospitals were limited under previous scheme, the new scheme restricts surgeries like certain hernia, hysterectomy (without cancer) and appendicitis to government hospitals.Under the previous scheme, officials found insured patients were taken to private hospitals with promise of better treatment. Government received complaints that unnecessary procedures were carried out to make additional claims. Officials said government will exercise right to alter the list of treatments reserved for government hospitals. The new scheme is likely to cover 900 procedures at up to 900 hospitals in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11455476", "title": "3 cops may get sacked for seizing cash", "text": "NOIDA: Two days after a petrol pump owner accused the police of \"robbing him off Rs 7 lakh,\" the Gautam Budh Nagar SSP has decided to take action against the erring officers. The money has been returned to Devendra Malik, the owner of the sector 63 petrol pump, and an enquiry into the matter has been completed by the SP (City). SSP Jyoti Narayan has now written to the Election Commission seeking permission for the removal of the three guilty cops after which \"necessary punitive action\" will be initiated against them.Meanwhile, as the administration continues its crackdown against unaccounted for cash, a sum of over Rs one crore has been seized in Noida in the past one week and around Rs 10 crore was seized from a cash van in Ghaziabad on Wednesday. Residents have raised an alarm over the administration's drive alleging \"undue harassment.\" They say that the problem of confiscation is that it can take anywhere between one and four months to get back the seized cash.\"We have already informed the administration that we deposit collections worth lakhs each day in the banks. Similarly, businessmen and industrialists city require a lot of money daily for routine purposes. Even when one shows the required documents, the surveillance teams hardly ever listen,\" said Malik. \"Under normal circumstances, it can take months to get back one's confiscated cash. The petrol pump owners' association, entrepreneurs' association, etc had requested the administration for help, but we are yet to hear from them,\" he added.Due to the model code of conduct any person carrying cash over Rs 2.5 lakh is required to support the same with evidences during checking to avoid confiscation of the cash. Officials confirm that as per standard procedure, in most cases it can take anywhere around a month or more for someone whose money was seized by the administration to get it back. The IT department and EC rules have set a deadline of 120 days for returning such cash.Once a static surveillance team or a flying squad seizes cash, the owner is required to show his ID proof, PAN card and other documents to prove the source and purpose of the cash. In case one fails to do so, the officials then inform the IT department about the unaccounted for money. \"The Directorate of Income Tax (Investigation) then sends a detailed report to the respective assessing officers who are required to initiate the process of assessment against persons from whom cash was seized, said DM Hirdesh Kumar. \"This however, takes some time. The best remedy is to keep valid documents ready,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460439", "title": "Three vehicles reported stolen from Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Three vehicles were reported stolen on Wednesday. A car worth Rs 2.8 lakh was stolen from Ramesh Shinde's residence at Ekta Chowk, Cidco. Shinde said he parked his car in front of his house on January 3, from where it was then stolen.Meanwhile, a motorcycle was stolen from Kailasji Society on Jail Road in the Nashik Road area in August 2009. A complaint in this regard waslodged on January 4 by Santosh Gangurde, who could get the documents of the vehicle in place only now. Also, a motorcycle worth Rs 30,000 was stolen near Hotel Parth in Satpur. Complainant Uttam Patil of Shramiknagar, Satpur, said that his bike got stolen on January 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11454978", "title": "PU VC asks teachers to update knowledge", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh on Wednesday called upon the teachers to update their knowledge regularly, otherwise they may face embarrassment and humiliation before their students.Inaugurating a 21-day UGC-sponsored refresher course on 'Hazards and Disaster Management' organized by PU Academic Staff College at the geography department here, he said that in the modern age of information technology, teachers were not the only source of knowledge and information. Students have got an easy access to computers and internet and they can seek any information using these technological tools. Hence, students can easily cross-check the knowledge imparted to them by their teachers. Gone are the days when teachers kept their knowledge confined to a limited number of books and used to pass it on to their students. Challenges have considerably increased now hence the teachers need to re-orient and reorganize themselves in a better way to satisfy their students, the VC said.PU pro-vice-chancellor J P Singh, in his address, pointed out that even though disasters are not new to humanity, their proportions have increased in recent times mainly due to human interventions. He said that natural, socio-natural and man-made disasters are causing loss of lives and property hence they must be managed effectively.Former PU VC L N Ram, in his keynote address, observed that floods happen to be the prime natural disaster in Bihar. On an average, as many as 150 blocks in 10 districts of the state are affected by floods every year. And, these floods have caused a damage worth Rs 5,000 crore during the last 20 years, he said. Since most north Bihar rivers originate in Nepal and have their catchment areas outside Bihar, the command area in Bihar is too small to discharge the huge amount of water received. Hence, these rivers cause frequent floods, Ram said.PU geology department head V S Dubey pleaded for proper management of natural and social disasters for ameliorating the sufferings of the people. \"We cannot prevent natural disasters, but we can certainly minimize the losses through effective management,\" he said. Former PU VC Sudeepto Adhikari said, \"We cannot disobey the dictates of nature, but we can mitigate the sufferings.\"Earlier, PU geography department head Ras Bihari Prasad Singh welcomed the guests. Academic Staff College director Gaffar Siddiqui highlighted the purpose of the refresher course. PU geography teacher Anuradha Sahay conducted the programme and Usha Verma proposed the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11457268", "title": "RMC starts taking milk samples", "text": "RAJKOT: The Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) has started taking milk samples from various parts of the city after this newspaper reported almost 89 per cent of the milk samples from Gujarat did not conform to the norms of the Food Safety Standards Authority of India (FSSAI).\"We have taken 70 milk samples on Wednesday and we will take 130 more. Loose milk, pouch milk, and branded milk are being covered and the samples will be sent to a laboratory in Baroda,'' said an RMC official. Rajkot city is considered to be a centre of milk adulteration in the region. RMC and the city crime branch officials have carried out raids on such centres but lack of timely prosecution and penalty has allowed the racket to flourish.Sources in RMC said that on an average, RMC's health department takes 25 to 30 milk samples randomly every year and sends them for laboratory tests in Baroda.\"Every year, around 20 to 30 per cent milk samples have been failed to meet the required standards,'' said an official. Earlier, prosecution had been carried under Prevention of Food adulteration Act for those samples failed. But now, the new act - Food Safety and Standard Act - has replaced the old Act. \"In under the Prevention of Food Adulteration Act, we have filed many cases in court but none of them have come into hearing for the last few years due to pendency of the cases,'' said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11455630", "title": "Lead level high in Nal waters", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Danger lurks in the pristinely quiet waters of Nalsarovar lake, home to one of the biggest flocks of migratory birds from around the world. Experts have found high levels of deadly metals like lead, zinc, cobalt and cadmium in the water.Lead, capable of causing serious nerve, brain and kidney ailments, has been found to be 5.59 milligrams per litre (mg/lt) of water in the lake. Groundwater samples taken from the same area showed 4.87 mg/lt lead when the permissible limit is just 0.1 mg/lt.The study was conducted by Nirmal Kumar of the Institute of Science and Technology for Advanced Studies and Research, Rita N Kumar of the N V Patel college of Pure and Applied Sciences, and Hiren Soni. Both institutes are based in Vallabh Vidhyanagar.The findings have been supported by Lalitha Vijayan, former director of Salim Ali Centre for Ornithology and Natural History (Sacon), Coimbatore, which has conducted similar studies. Vijayan was in Gandhinagar recently for the one day workshop organized by Gujarat Ecological Education and Research Foundation and forest department.\"Besides Nalsarovar, lead content was found to be high in Ajwa, Dantiwada and Deo water bodies was found to be alarmingly high,\" Vijayan said and added that the Sacon study only looked at quality of water.\"We did not trace the source of lead in the water. We need to find the source so that preventive measures can be taken.\" It is likely that the metals are washed into the lake along with rain water, she added.H S Singh, additional principal chief conservator of forests, said, \"The metals are absorbed by the grass and algae in the water body, which are consumed by birds, cattle and fish.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11455234", "title": "City CAT toppers score perfect 100", "text": "KOLKATA: Two city boys with the perfect 100 score are among the nine CAT 2011 toppers, the first time Kolkata City has taken pole position in the elite management entrance examinations. Previous toppers have been from the city's suburbs or the districts, but Vishal Kedia and Soumyojit Sanyal, both 22, have now brought the success \"home\".The duo, and the seven others who got the 100 percentile, will now wait for interview calls from the 13 IIMs. CAT, or Common Admission Test, was organized by IIM-Calcutta this year. The results were declared on Wednesday. At least 1,800 candidates managed 99 percentile or more, a testimony to the quality of examinees and the sheer quality of the competition the toppers managed to overcome. Neither Soumyojit nor Vishal got through to the IIMs in their previous attempts. While it was Vishal's second attempt, Soumyojit cracked the exam on the third.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11454962", "title": "Nitish for actiona gainst MNS chief", "text": "PATNA: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar on Wednesday said that stern action should be taken against Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray for his anti-north Indian (read migrants from Bihar and Uttar Pradesh in Mumbai and other parts of Maharashtra) tirade, since the latter's provocative statements were divisive for the country.Nitish, talking to mediapersons here at the airport before embarking on the 10{+t}{+h} leg of his Seva Yatra, also said that the ruling establishment in Maharashtra, implying the Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) government there, has been giving 'shah (prodding and support)' to Thackeray.Stating that he was condemning Thackeray and the support he was getting from the Maharashtra ruling establishment, Nitish said that it was a fundamental right of migrants to live and work there for their livelihood.He added that migrants should continue to stay and work in that state, and also said strong action should be taken against people who create disturbances.According to him, elections to the Bombay Municipal Corporation (BMC) were in the process of being held, and, therefore, Thackeray had made provocative statement on the prodding and support of the Congress. Since Congress has its government in Maharashtra, it was in a position to take strong action against Thackeray, but the government there has not been taking any action against him.Nitish also said that the statements of Thackeray would not induce fear among the people of Bihar and other north Indians, since every Indian national had a right to live and work in Mumbai and Maharashtra.Once people had begun to get work in Bihar, the number of migrants had declined, which had adversely affected the timely completion of construction work in that state.Nitish said that it was unfortunate that malnutrition continued to remain a major problem in the country, which even Prime Minister had accepted.He added that states should be allowed to frame their own plans as per their needs and the money required should be provided to the states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "seattle", "code": "11458658", "title": "Microsoft planning layoffs: Report", "text": "SEATTLE: Microsoft Corp is making plans for a companywide restructuring of its marketing operations, a move that may include hundreds of job cuts, according to people familiar with the matter.The plans haven't been settled and could change, according to the people, who asked not to be named because the review isn't public. Job cuts are unlikely to involve thousands of employees, the people said. Initial steps could be announced within the next 30 days, according to one person.The changes would eliminate overlap in job responsibilities and are designed to help the company better respond to threats from Apple Inc, Google Inc and Amazon.com Inc , which are increasingly targeting Microsoft's corporate-computing customers. Microsoft Chief Executive Officer Steve Ballmer doesn't think the company is getting enough return on the billions it spends annually on marketing, the people said.The review is being lead by Chris Capossela, who took over as the company's chief marketing officer last year, according to the people. Capossela is working with senior marketing executives for each of Microsoft's business groups, such as Yusuf Mehdi from the Xbox unit and Tami Reller from Windows, one of the people said.Moving people around Changes may include shifting some of the more technical marketing workers to engineering groups, cutting employees who don't have needed skills or whose work is duplicated by other workers, and revamping how marketing groups are organized and where they fit into the rest of the company, the people said.Peter Wootton, a spokesman for Redmond, Washington-based Microsoft, declined to comment.Microsoft spent $13.9 billion on sales and marketing in fiscal 2011, which ended on June 30, up 5.5 per cent from the previous year. Microsoft said then that it had 25,000 workers devoted to those tasks, without breaking out how many are focused on marketing. The company had about 90,000 full-time employees in total.Consumer-focused technology companies like Apple are making inroads in the business world, forcing the information- technology industry to regroup. Apple will sell $10 billion worth of iPads and $9 billion of Mac computers to corporate customers this year, a 58 per cent jump, Forrester Research Inc said in a report last week.Google announced a deal earlier today to supply e-mail and business services to the Spanish bank Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA, marking the biggest corporate contract for the internet-search company. Microsoft also is facing rising costs because of a shift to cloud software, which is stored in the company's data centers and delivered over the internet. Its $8.5 billion purchase of Skype Technologies SA and Xbox gaming products are increasing expenses as well.Microsoft announced its first-ever companywide firings in January 2009, a move that included more than 5,000 jobs by the time it concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11456141", "title": "Swami Vivekanand\u2019s ideology continues to inspire youths", "text": "VARANASI: The nation would be celebrating the 149th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekanand on Thursday (January 12) as National Youth Day. Swami Varishthanand, a senior member of Ramkrishna Mission Home of Service, believes that Swami Vivekanand still remains as an unmatched role model for youths.\"While India is reeling under scams, corruption cases and crime, we only bemoan the situation and never face it. However, the philosophy of Vivekanand and teachings of Advaita hold relevance in today's world and are an essential tool to fight against all kinds of problems,\" said Varishthanand while talking to TOI on Wednesday. Youngsters in the city also echo similar views.Alok Chaudhary, a student of geology department at Banaras Hindu University (BHU), said that Vivekanand had an unparalleled persona for he established his own doctrine at the time when Indians were excluded from the main stream of civilisation. Present day heroes stand nowhere near him, he added.Amit Sharma, a civil service aspirant, said, \"Vivekanand did not preach any dharma or blind faith but he promoted problem-solving ability through self awareness and knowledge which is very essential in the contemporary world. We are in a blind race of accumulating wealth and are alien to our own self.\"Rajat Shukla (23), a resident of Badi Piyari area, said, \"Vivekanand's ideology and thoughts will always remain relevant. I personally do not consider people who are born with a silver spoon or corruption crusaders of the country as my role model for their integrity does not match with Swami Vivekanand's.\"Thus youngsters are impressed with the teachings and spirituality that the philosopher-cum-saint had preached. Richa Srivastava, a research scholar with Banaras Hindu University (BHU), said that he was a real torchbearer of the society. \"His work for uplifting the condition of women and the poor was highly inspiring. His lectures on nation building and patriotism, including the memorable lecture at Chicago are some of my most read books which I refer to friends as well,\" added Richa.Ashwini Srivastava, an engineering student, said, \"Today, people are not able to distinguish between their role models and virtual models. Most of us use modern information technologies. If we share the quotes and messages of Vivekanand on social networking sites, people would come to know more about the rational philosophy that the great saint has preached.\"It is worth mentioning here that the celebrations for 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekanand which will fall in 2013 have already started in the city. Swami Varishthanad said that regional level essay competition, elocutions have already been conducted in the city.Varanasi connection: According to Swami Varishthanand of Ramkrishna Mission Home of Service, Varanasi, Vivekanand was very closely associated with the city. According to him, Vivekanand had a deep and ardent devotion to Vishwanatha and to Varanasi, which is also mentioned in his numerous utterances and writings.He had visited the holy city on a few occasions. In 1893, Vivekanand was on his way between Durga Temple and Sankat Mochan Temple when he was chased by a group of monkeys. He was unable to escape from them. But just then, he met a stranger who called out to him, \"Face the brutes.\"Vivekanand then turned and faced the monkeys, and they fell back and finally fled. That was a lesson for all his life - face the terrible, face it boldly. Like the monkeys, the hardships of life fall back when we cease to flee before them.According to the preachers at Ramkrishna Mission Home of Service, Varanasi, in the year 1900, three youngsters of the city, after reading a poetry 'To a friend' by Swami Vivekanand, started helping the poor and destitutes at Prayag Ghat by forming 'Poor Men's Relief Association' with 25 paise arranged after begging on the roads leading to the ghats.Later in 1912, when Swami Vivekanand visited the city for the last time, he renamed the organisation as Ramkrishna Mission Home of Service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11455087", "title": "Film director Madhusudhan Rao dead", "text": "HYDERABAD: Well known Telugu film director V Madhusudhan Rao passed away here on Wednesday. He was 95. Veeramachineni Madhusudhan Rao had been ailing for the last few years. He is survived by his wife Saroja and two sons. He was born on July 27, 1917.Having made his debut as a filmmaker through the film 'Sathi Thulasi' in 1959, he went on to make several films which brought him repute. The hit films he made include 'Mallepuvu', 'Angadibomma','Premalu Pellillu', 'Anthasthulu', 'Aradhana', and 'Aathma Balam'. For the hits that he delivered, the filmmaker became popular as 'Victory' Madhusudhan Rao.Madhusudhan Rao was born in Peyyaru in Gudivada of Krishna district and worked with popular directors L V Prasad and K S Prakash Rao before he got his first break as a director. Rao's films that earned him popularity included 'Driver Ramudu', 'Edureetha', 'Manushulu Marali', 'Puli Bidda' and 'Lakshadhikarulu'. He introduced actor Nagarjuna to Tollywood through the film 'Vikram'. He also introduced Jagapathi Babu and Suresh to the silver screen.He also directed a Hindi film 'Lava Kusha'. Madhusudhan Rao was a recipient of the prestigious Raghupathy Venkaiah award given away by the state government in 1997. He directed as many as 38 movies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11456851", "title": "A platform to choose the right school for your child", "text": "BANGALORE: Looking for a school for your child? Confused by the various options schools offer? Keep all those worries aside as Education Times is presenting its International/Residential School Expo on January 14 and 15. Visit the stalls, ask questions, compare notes and then make your choice.Choosing a school for children is a life-changing decision for most parents. Doubtless, with so many schools in Bangalore, it is not an easy decision at all. Education Times seeks to make the task easier for parents by organizing the expo which will showcase many schools - both international and residential - under one roof. Bangalore is a preferred education destination which boasts of many premier international/residential schools. Many offer the best of facilities, ensuring an environment that will bring out the best in your child.The list of participating schools: Jain Heritage School, Green Grove International School, Christ PU Residential, East West International School, Githanjali International School, The Brigade School, Euro School, Oakridge International School, Canadian International School, Sri Chaitanya Techno School, Heritage Academy, Greenwood High (an international school), Vibgyor High, Jnanasarovara International/Residential School, Mysore, Education First, Swaminarayan International School, India International School, Presidency School Bangalore (North), Ebenezer International School.Entry to the expo is free. Call Ashish: 9620879643, Swaroop: 99019222927, Debopriyo: 9742594699.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11455343", "title": "Hero Honda Chowk funding decision today", "text": "GURGAON: In a high-level meeting, the state government is likely to take a final call on its funding contribution for the proposed elevated flyover or underpass at Hero Honda Chowk.The meeting will be held in Chandigarh on Thursday where the deputy commissioner, P C Meena, and other senior government officials are likely to apprise the chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda about the pros and cons of the projects and their financial viability.Earlier, the state government had expressed its reluctance to fund the project on its own. Sources said that the funding pattern of the project would be discussed at length.The final decision has been pending due to the unwillingness of the state government and other stake holder like NHAI to singlehandedly fund.According to the state government, the project of constructing a flyover or underpass should be taken by the NHAI.The NHAI had roped in a private firm, Span, to find a solution to the traffic mess at the Hero Honda crossing. \"The details of land availability for the project have been passed on to NHAI. The decision on whether a flyover or underpass will be built will be made only after the funding pattern is finalized,\" said another senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11461044", "title": "3 schoolboys scale Kalsubai peak in Sahyadri", "text": "NASHIK: On New Year's Eve, when people were busy making plans to usher in the new year, three boys below nine years of age were busy scaling the Kalsubai mountain.The three young hikers, two of them visitors from the USA, made up their minds to scale Kalsubai peak, the highest peak in the Sahyadri mountain range, with only water and lemon juice in their backpacks. Enthusiasm and determination was in plenty as they attempted to achieve the feat.Artha Tavshikar (7) and Arya Tavshilkar (9) are students of Daniel Butler school in Belmount, USA, and Ayush Tavshikar (9) is a student of Don Bosco School, Nashik.Speaking to TOI about his journey to the peak, Ayush Tavshilkar, a Std IV student, said, \"I had already heard a lot about the Kalsubai peak and was very excited to scale the mountain. We started climbing up at 12 noon on December 31, 2011, and reached the top of the mountain by 3 pm. We only had water and lemon juice throughout the journey. We enjoyed the whole experience a lot. I spotted monkeys and windmills during the journey.\"He pointed out that there were steel railings, chains and ladders at spots on the peak that were difficult to climb. He added that there was a small shrine at the top, which the trio visited. He also described the panoramic view of the surrounding terrain that greeted the trio once they had reached the peak. Kalsubai, at 1,646m, is famous as one of the highest peaks in Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "hyderabad/guntur", "code": "11455369", "title": "Rain wreaks havoc with crops", "text": "HYDERABAD/GUNTUR: The dreams of farmers taking home a bumper crop this season were shattered by unseasonal rains in the last two days. Crops in nearly three lakh acres were completely inundated in Krishna, Guntur, Prakasam, Khammam, Nellore and parts of Anantapur district as heavy downpour lashed the mandals. Officials said the crop loss could be well over Rs 400 crore.The farmers, who were in a festive mood ahead of Sankranti, are crestfallen with the sudden rains dampening their spirits. Farmers of paddy, chilli, tobacco, cotton, black gram, maize and groundnut are the worst-hit. Agriculture officers in the rain-hit districts are assessing the situation but the damage to the crop could be estimated only after the rains abate.\"Paddy in over 20,000 hectares is affected as the rains have played spoilsport with our expectations on bumper production,\" said Sridhar, joint director, agriculture. He said Bapatla, Cherukupalli, Bhattiprolu, Vemur, Nagaram, Repalle, Kollur and Kollipara mandals received incessant downpour, which could result in huge losses to the farming community. He hastened to add that paddy could still be retrieved if the rains stop.In Khammam district alone, 50,000 acres of paddy was damaged and mango and mirchi crop in thousands of acres was marooned. Farmers are worried that the prices could go down further as the crop would be discolored due to the heavy rains. While paddy farmers could breathe easy, chilli growers' plight is pathetic as chances of recovering investment on chilli production look remote. \"We are asking the farmers to wait for next 3-4 days for the rains to take a break, dry the stock and bring them to the yard,\" said Guntur agriculture market yard secretary N Harinarayana.Meanwhile, angry chilli farmers staged a dharna in front of the spices board office in Guntur on Wednesday demanding immediate intervention by the authorities to check the fall in prices. A horticulture department official said chilli crop in about 50,000 acres was affected in Piduguralla, Gurazala, Dachepalli, Pedakurapadu and Karampudi mandals alone.\"We were worried about cyclone Thane but breathed easy as our crops did not suffer much damage. However, the unseasonal rains in the last two days have inflicted more damage. The weather god has been unkind,\" rued a farmer Lakshmi Narsaiah of Bhadrachalam division.There were reports of strong gales uprooting trees in the coastal areas. CM N Kiran Kumar Reddy directed officials to constantly monitor the situation following heavy rains reported from different parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11456197", "title": "Two held in Indore for illegal sale of firearms", "text": "INDORE: Crime Branch sleuths in Indore have busted a gang involved in selling firearms to unscrupulous persons. The police also seized two pistols, five country made pistols and 10 live cartridges from their possession.Based on a tip-off that two persons were in town to sell weapons, the crime branch sleuths arrested Santosh Bhilala and Kalu Singh Bhilala, residents of Panwa village in Dhar district. Four country made pistols and 12 bore country made pistol, apart from eight 12 bore cartridges and two 32 bore cartridges were recovered from them.ASP Crime Manoj Rai said that the accused have been handed over to MG Road police. SSP A Sai Manohar has ordered an investigation into the easy availability of weapons with the anti-social elements. The police are also trying to find out the source of indiscriminate firing incidents in the city, in which two persons were killed while several others were injured recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11455069", "title": "Andaman and Nicovar islands: Government orders probe into Jarawa video as outrage grows", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Wednesday ordered an inquiry into the shocking video showing semi-naked Jarawa tribal women being asked to dance before tourists in the Andaman Islands and asked the Union Territory administration to take the help of central labs to find out when it was filmed.\"We have asked the UT administration to inquire into the matter and verify when the footage was taken and by whom,\" said home secretary RK Singh.Reacting to the report that appeared in the London-based Observer newspaper on 'human safaris' being organized in the Andamans where the primitive Jarawa were allegedly made to dance for food, the island administration termed the reporting \"irresponsible\" and said the footage released by the newspaper was probably old.The inquiry will be conducted under the UT chief secretary and the director general of police. The video will be examined by the National Technical Research Organization - technical intelligence wing of the government - in one of its labs to ascertain when it was shot.A preliminary report sent to the home ministry by the UT administration said the video appeared to be old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11461328", "title": "Civic apathy plagues historic Takli temple", "text": "NASHIK: Despite its religious and historic significance and thousands of devotees visiting the temple on auspicious days, Takli happens to be one of the most neglected places by Nashik's civic authorities.Takli is a major tourist destination among several others in the holy city of Nashik but filth reigns supreme here and any tourist visiting the place could very likely be repulsed by the dirty surroundings of the Takli temple.It is believed that Takli is the place where Swami Samarth Ramdas, Chhatrapati Shivaji's teacher, lived from 1621 to 1633. The saint also built one of the 12 Hanuman temples at Takli because of which thousands of devotees pour in every year during Hanuman Jayanti and other important occasions.\"Thousands come to worship the deity of Lord Hanuman that Swami Ramdas created, which is still at the temple. There are many stories attached to Takli,\" said Sanjay Lolge, a resident of Jail Road.Considering the serene surroundings of the Takli road, the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) had included the Takli temple as one of the stops of the Nashik Darshan bus. However, Takli was subsequently excluded from the list. While the officials at MSRTC do not know why the exclusion happened, it is likely that the MSRTC might have made the decision based on passenger feedback. Ashok Dive, husband of the sitting corporator of the area, Maya Dive, said that during his reign as the corporator a decade ago, he had renov- ated the temple at a cost of Rs 1.5 crore.\"The issue of the filth around the temple is due to the animosity between the temple people and the tribals leaving in the vicinity, \" Dive said. He added that things could be taken care of only if stern action were taken by authorities concerned. Sudhir Patil, resident of Gandhinagar who uses the Takli Road daily, says the temple is very significant. If the area is developed properly, it can be converted into a major tourist destination in addition to being a place of worship.While, the residents of the nearby slum use the open space around the temple for their morning chores, the stench from the Nasardi river, (more of a nullah on non-rainy days), which flows by the temple, is unbearable. Residents of the Takli area urge for a proper deve-lopment of the temple and the neighborhood that surrounds it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11459045", "title": "Teachers' test results today", "text": "GUWAHATI: The results of the state's first Teachers' Eligibility Test, which was conducted on Tuesday, will be declared on Thursday, state education minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said. Sarma added that the mark sheets of candidates who will secure 60 per cent marks will be sent to them by February 15, while personal interviews will be conducted in all 26 districts from March.The minister also said that the pay scale of Output Based Budgeting (OBB) teachers will be regularised for those who pass the special training scheduled later this month and a two-year Diploma in Education would also be provided to the OBB teachers.Sarma also said that he will investigate reports that invigilators at some schools in Nalbari haven't received their promised remuneration of Rs 400 for single shift, Rs 800 for double shift and Rs 300 for Grade IV employees. \"It was reported that invigilators haven't received their dues and the authorities have been asked to clear the dues soon.\" he said.Sarma further informed, \"The scanning of answer scripts will start from January 13. A CCTV system will be installed at the spot and the scanning procedure will be monitored. The results will be declared on January 25 and candidates who secure 60 per cent will receive their marksheet by February. Interviews across Assam will be conducted in March.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11454363", "title": "Shailendra Bidkar elected PCB vice-president", "text": "PUNE: Shailendra Bidkar of the Congress was elected unopposed as the new vice-president of the Pune Cantonment Board (PCB) at its general body meeting held on Monday.Bidkar took over from the outgoing vice-president Karan Makhwani.PCB president Maj Gen Ajay Saxena and chief executive officer Rachel Koshy congratulated Bidkar on his appointment to the post. The election was attended by elected members of the PCB, Hamal Panchayat leader Baba Adhav, Congress leader Rajabhau Chavan, Congress corporator Avinash Bagwe and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11456993", "title": "Many reach schools though holidays were declared", "text": "JAIPUR: Most students in the city woke up on Wednesday amid gross confusion over closure of schools, ordered by the district collector on Monday. However, the announcement by the authorities didn't reach many schools, leading to chaos and confusion.\"By the time I came to know through newspapers, my husband had left for school to drop my daughters,\" said Madhulika Gupta, a mother of two children. Many autos ferried students to schools as they were not aware of the decision. Some returned while others left students at schools causing lot of inconvenience to them.Meanwhile, many schools openly expressed ignorance on any such order. \"By the time it was confirmed that holidays were declared, many students had reached school. I was not in a position to send them back as most of them were dropped by their parents,\" said principal of a private school at Lal Kothi. Some alleged that the government decision was uncalled for and taken in haste at the eleventh hour. They fear that it will break the momentum as the academic session is in final stages.Education officers received half a dozen complaints of non-compliance of the order. They decided to issue notice to schools explaining as to why the orders were not followed.They suggested that district collector would have ideally consulted the school principals before taking such a decision. \"We are capable enough to decide whether to open the schools or close down,\" said principal of a private school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11455163", "title": "Elderly owner of Nagpada property fights to shed D-tag", "text": "MUMBAI: A 77-year-old man, Ahmed Vazir Parkar, on Thursday told the Bombay High Court that he is not related to Dawood Ibrahim and is the owner of Parkar Chambers, allegedly a benami property of the fugitive don, in Nagpada.Justice S J Kathawalla is hearing a suit filed by Parkar in 2001 to declare him as the absolute owner of the tenanted property. His building is among the 23 properties the income tax (I-T) department attached in the late 90s, saying they belonged to Dawood or were his benami properties.In 2000, Parkar objected to the attachment and proclamation of sale saying he acquired the property through his parents and has being paying property tax and filing returns. The I-T department rejected his objection saying it was acquired by Dawood's late brother-in-law Ibrahim Parker.Parkar then moved the high court but withdrew his petition after he was granted the liberty of filing a suit.\"He is the only son of his father. There is no question of him having a sister married to Dawood,\" argued Parkar's advocates R V Govilkar and G S Pikale.According to Parkar's petition, his family has been holding the property since April 1951 when his father, Haji Vazir Mohammed Parkar, purchased it. Haji Vazir gifted the property to his wife and following her death, the property vested with Parker, whose name is on the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC)'s records.Parker said the BMC has been levying property tax on him and the bills indicate that he is recognized as the lessee of the land and owner of the structure. As Parkar is indisposed, a court commissioner was sent to his Bandra residence to record his evidence last week.Justice Kathawalla said, \"Here you (I-T) are making a very serious allegation saying you (Parkar) are related to XYZ (Dawood). A person is entitled to a hearing after 10 years.\"I-T advocate Vimal Gupta said the department wants to obtain an original document of the BMC intimating the crime branch that the property belonged to Dawood, following which the crime branch wrote to the Directorate of Revenue quoting that document. \"On what basis did the crime branch make such a statement (that the property belongs to Dawood),\" asked Justice Kathawalla. The judge has directed the court commissioner to visit Parkar on January 19 so that the I-T lawyer can cross-examine him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11454486", "title": "Auditorium in Akurdi stuck in red tape", "text": "PUNE: Work on the proposed auditorium and art gallery at Akurdi has been delayed by at least an year because the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) has not approved the building plan yet.Prakash Kadam, additional commissioner of Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC), said, \"The civic body plans to construct a 500-seat auditorium in the Akurdi-Pradhikaran area on a BOT basis.\" The site is located behind the petrol pump, near Sambhaji chowk in Sector 26 of Akurdi Pradhikaran. The civic body had got possession of the 8,002 sq.m. land from the PCNTDA.A civic official said the contractor has to pay a royalty of Rs 2.25 crore to the civic body in three installments. \"The land will be leased to the contractor for a period of 90 years. The civic body had given a letter of intent to him on February 2010. The contractor in turn sent the building plan to the PCNTDA for approval. But, the PCNTDA pointed out some shortcomings and the contractor had to resend the plan in November, 2010. But no approval has been received yet. An agreement will be signed with the contractor only after the plan is approved. He has to complete the work in one and half years.\"The civic official further said that the details of the area which will be commercially utilised by the contractor after constructing the auditorium will be known after the building plan will be approved by the PCNTDA.Yogesh Mhase, chief executive officer, PCNTDA, said, \"The PCNTDA has received the building plan. Officials need to check if the plot is a public amenity space and if such a construction is allowed as per the PCNTDA rules.\"Suresh Beri, president of Jagruk Nagarik Manch and a social activist, said, \"More than two lakh people live in Akurdi-Pradhikaran, Nigdi-Pradhikaran and nearby areas. An auditorium here will definitely add to the entertainment value of the area.\"Nandkishore Kapote, a well-known dancer who lives in Nigdi-Pradhikaran and is an honorary advisor to the PCMC's music academy, said, \"The PCMC needs to construct auditoriums in parts of the city for the benefit of local residents. It has already built in Pimpri, Chinchwad and Bhosari. One in Pradhikaran will be beneficial.\"The PCMC has so far constructed three auditoriums - Prof Ramkrishna More auditorium in Chinchwad, Acharya Atre auditorium in Pimpri and Ankush Landge auditorium in Bhosari. It has started work on the fourth at Pimple Gurav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11456378", "title": "Plaint against Joaquim Alemao", "text": "MARGAO: The flying squad of Salcete received a complaint Cuncolim MLA Joaquim MLA stating that at a programme organized in Cuncolim recently, he allegedly promoted the government's health insurance scheme and urged the people to rally behind the Congress party.A similar complaint was also filed against a government teacher for allegedly urging the people to avail of the health insurance scheme introduced by the Congress-led government. Officials of the flying squad have said that they are investigating the matter.The flying squad received several other complaints, including those of distribution of water tanks, construction of a road and the youth being offered job-offer letters. When contacted, deputy collector D M Redkar told TOI that the flying squad found the complaint received from a resident of Colva regarding the distribution of water tanks in the village to be bogus, as the tanks had been purchased for domestic use.Additional Collector-I, South Goa, Prasanna Acharya , has issued a press release urging the public to contact the flying squads as and when required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11455607", "title": "Notice to govt, DGP in doc murder case", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of Madras High Court on Wednesday has ordered notice to the home secretary and the DGP on a petition filed by the father of an accused in the murder case of Dr Sethulakshmi, seeking protection to his son's life.Expressing apprehension that his son would be killed in a fake encounter by the police in order to satisfy the doctors, K Rajapandian, the father of Mahesh, the first accused in the case, has moved the Madurai bench seeking to grant protection to the life of his son, now confined at the Palayamkottai central prison.Justice K K Sasidharan, before whom the matter came up, has also ordered notice to the district collector, Tuticorin and police authorities to reply before January 18.In a petition, Rajapandian (57) said on January 1, that his son Mahesh preferred a complaint against Dr Sethulakshmi and her staff before the inspector of police, Thenapakkam for initiating action relating to the death of his pregnant wife, but the police had not registered an FIR nor initiated any action against the erring doctor and her staff.He said his son is \"the victim who lost his beloved wife and the unborn child.\" He claimed that his son and his friends are innocent, and are victims at the hands of the greedy doctors. They did not commit any offences as alleged, but their life is in danger in the hands of the police officials, he contended.He further charged that on January 2, some persons killed the said doctor, but the police immediately took his son and his friends into custody. They were tortured and kept in prison, he alleged.All the doctors' associations leaders' influenced the state and police to give maximum punishment to his son forthwith.The police officials rightly understand the demand of the doctors and they may attempt to terminate the life of his son in a fake encounter or by way of any other extra judicial killing without following the due process of law, while transporting him from Palayamkottai Central Prison to trial court or at the time of inquiry by police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "shimlapuri", "code": "11456294", "title": "Students warn against use of drugs during elections", "text": "SHIMLAPURI: School students have taken up cudgels against drug addiction in Punjab and against candidates of political parties distributing narcotics as a way of securing votes. On Wednesday, students of SDM High School, Shimlapuri, organized the second drug awareness march shouting \"long live democracy, down down drugocracy''.The march was led by students leaders Mangaldeep Singh and Sangeeta Rani. Interacting with the students, volunteers of Civil Society Against Drugs (CAD), Punjab, urged them to discuss the issue of drugs-for-votes with parents, relatives and neighbours and pledge to root out the menace during the upcoming assembly elections in the state.School principal Manjit Kaur and director S Rajinder Singh appreciated the students' efforts. Positive that the campaign will help the situation, Kaur said children are the best agents of change.CAD has also launched a campaign on a social networking site to enrol volunteers and spread awareness against politicians engaging in wooing tactics. More than 2,000 youths have joined the group.Volunteers of CAD are also encouraging first time voters to use their cell phones and carry sting operations by clicking photographs, taking videos and recording conversations of any candidates or their supporters using drugs ahead of polls.Gurleen, a first time voter, said if people take this seriously, many candidates could even face disqualification by the Election Commission .A representative of CAD said college students across the state will be campaigning on social networking sites and spreading word among voters. H S Phoolka, senior advocate of Supreme Court, will tour the state from January 13 to 15 and address meetings at Ludhiana, Amritsar, Tarn Taran, Zira, Ferozepur, Mukatsar, Faridkot, Jagraon and Moga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11455049", "title": "Doctors paid for better scam link", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigations into the cheating incident that took place during the all-India post-graduate medical entrance exam, last Sunday has revealed that at least six candidates - MBBS doctors who had paid the gang for their help - chose to appear for the exams at different centres in Delhi and Noida.While four doctors chose to write their exams from among the 36 Kendriya Vidyalaya centres in Delhi, the other two chose to write their exams from Noida which had four centres, police officers said. According to the cops, it seems likely that their home addresses might have been fudged so that they could choose to sit for the exams at NCR, close to the main control room set up by the gang in Greater Noida.Sources confirmed that besides the five men who have been arrested and the six doctors who are under police scanner, at least three other doctors are still being questioned for taking the exam as candidates or helping the main accused, Mohit Chaudhry, solve the question paper.Police sources have also confirmed that Chaudhry had lied about his education. Cops have now established that Chaudhry is a student of Indore's Mahatma Gandhi Medical College and not R D Medical College in Ujjain as he had earlier claimed.The fact that he chose Noida as his base to appear for the competitive exams meant he came in contact with Ravi, a first year student of PGIMC, Rohtak. It was Ravi, cops said, who is absconding and the one who finalized the deals with doctors. \"We are expecting AIIMS to provide us details about these doctors. We will then individually verify what role they played in the incident,\" said the officer. On Wednesday, AIIMS reverted back to the police and confirmed that all six doctors under the scanner had indeed completed writing the exam.Meanwhile, the Drug Controller General of India had recently issued a showcause notice to five doctors of Indor's Mahatma Gandhi Medical College for not following clinical trial norms while conducting them on 241 patients, who visited MGMC's psychiatry ward.Cops are also investigating whether these doctors have any links with Chaudhry and other accused in the case. Chaudhry's links with other gangs involved in medical exam frauds are allegedly being verified.According to sources, Chaudhry's bank accounts are being verified. \"We are hoping to study the cash transactions made from his accounts as we can use this as our main piece of evidence,'' said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11461837", "title": "Love keeps me young: Madonna", "text": "Madonna thinks \"love\" is the secret to looking young.The 53-year-old singer - who is currently dating 24-year-old dancer Brahim Zaibat - does not believe she has a \"secret\" to looking youthful but credits strong relationships with those close to her for keeping her at her best.Speaking at the UK premiere of her new movie 'W.E.' at the Odeon Kensington last night (11.01.12), she told BANG Showbiz: \"What's my secret? Love. I don't know. I don't have a secret. The most important thing is being happy.\"Madonna - who was wearing a Gaultier dress and Van Clee and Arpel diamonds at the premiere - also revealed she would not direct a musical about her own life in the future as she believes her albums and singles represent her life.She added: \"Would I consider making a musical about my life? Oh God, no. I would sanction one though, why not, yeah. I mean aren't all the records and everything I've done over the years are kind of like the musical of my life anyway.\"A host of celebrities walked the red carpet at the premiere, including the film's stars Andrea Riseborough, James D'arcy and Abbie Cornish and Boyzone singer Ronan Keating .Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11457013", "title": "Sound of world music", "text": "The Times of India Lakshminarayana Global Music Festival at the Vastrapur lake amphitheatre on Wednesday evening introduced Ahmedabad to the enticing exotica of world music. If Miya Masaoka was alluringly mysterious strumming the strings of her k o t a to full-bodied tunes, Senegalese kora master Solo Cissokho blended his 21 strings with an amazingly lustrous voice to create moments where language acquired only sonic meanings and tugged at heart-strings.The oud was handled to lilting finesse and enchanting vocals by Dhafer Youssef. All these rare instruments combined with the ritualistic queen of melodies - the violin - and dished out the essence of world music. It also added to the aura of the concert that Wednesday was the 100th birthday of Prof V Lakshminarayana, father of Dr L Subramaniam, which coincided with his first performance in the city, and an evening of enchanting charm regaled the denizens lucky enough to be there.A young Ambi Subramaniam played with endearing charm and easy elan in an ensemble of percussion and other stringed instruments and then accompanied his mother Kavita Krishnamurti Subramaniam's velvety voice to play a Carnatic thillana, who also sang a special classical number 'Badal badse' dedicated to the monsoons. The doyen of Indian violin Dr L Subramaniam played a composition 'Journey' that he had been created for Yehudi Menuhin with Ambi. The legend then accompanied Dhafer Youssef 's oud in a piece called Tunisia . The haunting melody of the oud complemented the subtle variations of the violin.Solo Cissokho came back on the audience's request to play his 'Kaira' - Peace forever in his language, Mandinka - and then to play Dr Subramaniam'scomposition 'Senegal' together. The beauty of the composition emanated brilliance as the long-necked African harp responded to the violin's textured manipulation with equal sonority. The ensemble played an able support to the legends and the evening left the members of the audience longing for more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11457340", "title": "D ward is home to VIPs, host of issues", "text": "Home to high profile residents like the governor, the chief minister and the BMC commissioner, D ward (Tardeo, Girgaum, Walkeshwar, Mahalaxmi and Nana Chowk) is a cosmopolitan area where civic services have been stretched to the limit.The ward has three contrasting regions-eastern , central and western-with specific problems, but unlike the neighbouring A, B and C wards, disconnect between corporators and residents is not wide.The biggest problems in D ward are drainage, water supply and garbage disposal. From April 2008 to March 2011, the ward generated over 30,000 civic complaints, 6,356 pertaining to drainage, 3,274 to water supply and 2,008 to garbage disposal. \"We face water cuts every month and every residential building has to depend on water tankers, each of which charges Rs 2,000 a month,\" said Slater Road resident Raseek P Shah.Parking, too, is a problem, but corporators say this is an issue that needs to be addressed by the government. \"Also,\" BJP corporator Arvind Bane said, \"residents should realize the constraints of the area. Many families here have 3 to 4 cars each. Another thing, unless residents cooperate with BMC workers, parking areas cannot be cleaned.\"In the eastern part of the ward (Khetwadi, parts of Kamathipura and Grant Road-East ), house gully cleaning is a p ro bl e m . While it is not the responsibility of the BMC to remove garbage from gullies outside houses as those are private land, the municipality has periodically cleaned the area.Assistant municipal commissioner P R Masurkar said: \"There are around 1,100 common house gullies in this ward. The ward is developed, but saturated.\"The central (Kotachiwadi, Prarthana Samaj and parts of Girgaum) and western (Pedder Road, Nepean Sea Road, Malabar Hill and parts of Tardeo) parts of the ward have a common problem: construction activity . These areas combined would make one of the biggest construction sites in the city. Residents say several skyscrapers have come up and it seems the norm of mandatory space between buildings has been violated. Many apartment blocks have come up near the main Nana Chowk junction , which experiences heavy northsouth vehicular traffic every day.Several big projects are underway in the ward. The BMC has cleared a Rs 21-crore proposal to rebuild a 1.8-km stretch on Nepean Sea Road, which witnesses VIP movement. The stretch will be given a new surface by using 'mechanized mastic asphalt technology' , which is normally used for junctions. Since the ward has 13 flooding spots, the BMC has decided to connect the triple barrel drain near Tardeo to the Haji Ali pumping station.The ward is largely Congress- and BJP-oriented (three corporators each from the Congress and the BJP), but the corporators said it is not parties that pull in voters. \"In this area, people go for the profiles of individuals rather than that of parties. It is about how well an individual connects with the voters,\" said Congress corporator Pramod Mandrekar. The ward mainly has Gujarati and Parsi voters.Residents said corporators communicate with the electorate through interactive websites and also at the ward office. Indrani Malkani, trustee, V Citizens Action Network, said: \"We can safely say that corporators in D ward have worked very closely with the residents. The ward has not been apathetic t ow a rd s civic elections since 2002.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "the standard chartered mumbai marathon (scmm) has come a long way since its inception in 2004. thousands of enthusiasts have participated in the event year after year, and the numbers are ever increasing", "code": "11454586", "title": "Do-gooders raise Rs 12.2 crore in run-up to Sunday\u2019s run fest", "text": "The Standard Chartered Mumbai Marathon (SCMM) has come a long way since its inception in 2004. Thousands of enthusiasts have participated in the event year after year, and the numbers are ever increasing: from 22,000 in 2004 to 38,775 in 2012. There has also been a steady rise in the number-as well as variety-of causes championed during the event. The amount of money raised for the causes, too, is increasing.\"Last year, SCMM raised Rs 12.16 crore for various causes. This time, we have already raised Rs 12.2 crore in the form of charity and are still counting,\" said Jayanti Shukla, executive director of United Way of Mumbai, the official charity partner of SCMM 2012.As of Wednesday, said Shukla, 222 non-profit organizations and 223 corporate teams have registered to raise money this year along with 4,985 charity fund-raisers and more than 30,000 donors. Among the various fund-raisers are the Dream Teamers, who pledge to raise a particular amount of money for a charity of their cause.This year, 13-year-old Meera Mehta is the youngest participant to have raised over Rs 1 lakh for the Srimad Rajchandra Love and Care trust. \"I personally met many families of my friends and relatives and explained to them about the trust for which I have raised money. I also prepared presentations and, soon enough, people were more than happy to help me,\" said Meera, a Class VII student of Aditya Birla World Academy. She added that on her birthday in December last year, she requested everybody to gift her cash. \"I put together the money I received as gift for this fund,\" she said.Meera's mother, Dr Bijal Mehta, is one of the many Dream Champions who have pledged to raise over Rs 10 lakh for a cause of their choice this year.Another Dream Champion, Mihir Joshi has raised over Rs 10 lakh for two separate NGOs. \"I have been raising money for different causes since the inception of the Mumbai Marathon in 2004. This year, I chose two NGOs because I know how they function and how they will use the funds,\" said Joshi.Singer Shaan, who is running the marathon for the first time, has also pledged to raise money for Salaam Bombay Foundation. Another first-time runner, businessman Neeraj Goenka, will be running to raise money for Teach for India. Srimad Charitable Trust, which has the biggest team of Dream Makers this year, will form a \"human train\", where the ten causes they support will be highlighted. \"Each 'compartment' will focus on a particular issue. We also intend to raise the maximum funds for the causes,\" said Alpa Gandhi, a team member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11455599", "title": "Presidency students try to sweep away bad image", "text": "CHENNAI: They've been in the news for all the wrong reasons, and now Presidency College students are trying to clean up their act. Students have formed a group to clean the college campus as well as head to other campuses and institutions to improve hygiene.After the recent violent clash between two rival groups, college students' union president R Devakiran is trying to restore the reputation of the college, which is one of the oldest higher educational institutions in the country.On Wednesday, a group of students tied handkerchiefs across their noses and mouths and began sweeping the campus at 1pm after classes.Within two hours, they had cleared piles of dry leaves, cigarette butts, plastic packets and other garbage from the front of the college campus.\"We sent a circular requesting the students to volunteer for cleaning up. Nearly 30 of them responded. We will do this every week. We also plan to conduct similar cleaning activities at the police commissioner's office and DGP's office,\" said Devakiran. He said they would also go to other colleges and help students clean their campuses. \"We'll be happy to help other campuses with their clean-up efforts and share our experience. This will develop good relations with them,\" he said.This weekend, 200 Presidency College students will help police the crowds at Marina Beach for Kaanum Pongal. \"From Thursday, our student volunteers will assist traffic police on Kamarajar Salai regulate traffic,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11456796", "title": "Doctor, officials clash over TDR TB cases", "text": "BANGALORE: Are there Total Drug Resistance tuberculosis patients at the Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Chest Diseases here? The jury is still out on that.With institute director Dr Shashidhar Buggi and experts from the health department differing publicly, in the presence of medical education minister SA Ramdas, over classification of a TB patient as totally resistant to drugs, the minister said a three-member expert committee will examine a few patients at the hospital and a patient who had gone back home to determine whether there are patients totally drug resistant in the state and the city.The committee will submit its report in 15 days. The lack of clarity on this issue emerged during Ramdas' surprise visit to the institute on Wednesday in the backdrop of reports that there are TDR TB patients there. At the TB ward, when the minister sought information on the medical status of some TB patients, Dr Buggi said there were two TDR cases but health department officials said this was only a clinical assessment. \"Only a bacteriological test (culture test) can determine whether a TB patient is totally resistant to drugs. To our knowledge, no such test has been conducted.\"When the minister turned to Dr Buggi, he said: \"They are suspected clinical cases who are totally resistant to drugs.\" The health officials immediately told the minister that Dr Buggi was admitting they are suspected cases, which means a bacteriological assessment hadn't been done.An upset Ramdas told them: \"You have to work together under the TB wing. But there seems to be no coordination. Both are not sure whether there are TDR patients. Is this the way to function? Let a committee examine the patients. I'm not happy with this lack of clarity and information.\" When asked whether a culture test had been conducted, Dr Buggi said he had made a clinical assessment and health officials said they hadn't received culture test results from Chennai laboratory.The minister quoting Dr Buggi said there were six TB patients who were extremely drug resistant and two patients suspected to be totally drug resistant. Dr Buggi stated that one of the two patients had died and the other had returned home. He did not confirm the cause of death. The minister turned to health officials: \"How can you let a TB patient suspected to be totally drug resistant go home? Did you not persuade the patient to stay back for treatment at the hospital? What if TB spreads in her family and her neighbours? Track her down immediately and persuade her to return to the hospital. And I need a report on your action. Send a notice to the officials involved in this.\"Dr Buggi told the minister the institute could not force her to stay.The minister said it was worrying that the number of cases of multi-drug resistant and totally drug resistant patients were surfacing. The institute had examined, 4,88,000 cough complaints and found 27, 311 TB cases. The success rate of tackling TB in the state was 81%. \"It's not good enough. We need to make up the 19% failure soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11459072", "title": "Indrani Halder's b'day bash in Kolkata", "text": "Seems like the party season is not over yet as celebs dropped by at a city club to join in the birthday celebration of veteran actor Indrani Halder.We spotted actors Swastika and Tanusree, both looking chic in Western and traditional outfits. They dropped by directly from the premiere of Mainak Bhaumik's \"Bedroom\".Said Indrani, \"The main reason why I threw the party was to meet all my colleagues. Since I stay in Mumbai these days and travel to Kolkata only on personal work, I miss them a lot. So this was more of a reunion party than a birthday bash. Initially, I was a little scared as it had rained during the day. But in the evening, the weather became fine. All who attended had good fun!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11454699", "title": "Govt may ask chief secy to stay on", "text": "KOLKATA: Has chief secretary Samar Ghosh been offered an extension of tenure? Most importantly, would he be game to the proposition? The answer to the first question could well be 'yes', but not the second one, say sources.But what matters most is the brainwave on the part of the new government to offer an extension. (The idea is unique to Bengal, and not quite common in the rest of the country.) Apparently, chief minister Mamata Banerjee doesn't seem too keen on disturbing the administrative balance for the moment. Knowing that her six-month-old dispensation is still too new to handle complex administrative issues, the chief minister would prefer to have Ghosh continue at the helm of affairs for some more time.The problem is that the 1977-batch IAS officer is due to retire in March. Amid speculation over who the next chief secretary would be, Mamata came up with a solution which would create precedence in the state. Not a single retired bureaucrat TOI spoke with could recall an IAS officer being given an extension even though scores have been reappointed.Reemployment - both in civil and police administrations - was a common practice of the erstwhile Left Front government that ruled Bengal for 34 years. But, appointing new chief secretaries was always a matter of formality.\"Usually, a person close to the ruling party would be given reemployment in key positions such as the vigilance commissioner or similar important posts. But neither Siddharth Shankar Ray nor Jyoti Basu or Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee had thought of extending tenures of their most trusted chief secretaries,\" said a retired IAS officer.Even Manish Gupta (currently the power and planning and development minister in the Mamata Cabinet), one of Basu's blue-eyed officers, wasn't considered for an extension. Neither was S N Menon.The Trinamool Congress-led coalition seems to have taken a leaf out of the Congress government in Orissa which had given Rabi Das two extensions of six months each as chief secretary in the Nineties. Das was given extensions by then chief minister Biju Patnaik and his successor Janki Ballav Patnaik. The thumb rule is that the chief secretary or any other IAS officer (occupying cadre posts) can be given extensions only after the Union department of personnel and training in Delhi gives its nod. DoPT is looked after by the Prime Minister.IAS officers across the board agreed that the chief minister's thinking was quite appropriate in the current context.\"The government is in a state of flux and the new rulers are still learning the ropes of administration. There have been quite a few faux pas so far, and the chief secretary seems to be the only one who can stand up to a wrong decision and point out hard facts,\" said a senior officer in the Mamata government.Said another: \"Ghosh has been known for his wisdom and maturity. He commands respect not because he is the chief secretary. He has been equally good as the finance secretary. But our respect for him has risen because of the way he has handled complex issues amid confusion and chaos.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11455176", "title": "Pongal goodies for college students", "text": "COIMBATORE: From Kummiyattam to Kavadiyattam to Silambattam, the students of the Tamil Nadu engineering college at Karumathampatti in Coimbatore were exposed to these traditional art forms. The Coimbatore Doordarshan Centre had organised cultural programmes on the occasion of the Pongal season. Andal Priyadarshini, the programme officer at the Coimbatore Doordarshan Centre said that they regularly organise cultural programmes in an attempt to revive traditional art forms. \"We regularly organise cultural feats, especially during the festival season. We have artistes with expertise perform along with new learners,\" she said.Some danced to the tunes and others tried to mimic the Silambattam and martial arts. For many this was the first time they had witnessed such art forms. Sherly N, a third year Electronics student at the college said that witnessing the event and participating was a fresh experience. \"Though I'd seen most of the traditional art forms on television and even read about them, this was the first time I'd attended. I never thought I'd have such a good time,\" she said.Arivoli Muthusamy and his team from C Gopalapuram of Pollachi performed Kummiyattam. Muthusamy says that they have been performing for decades on an honorarium basis. \"We learned these art forms from our elders. The eldest among us is Thangamma who is over seventy. We are farmers and perform these dances as a hobby. We hope to instill interest in youngsters, an interest in these art forms, so that they can be revived,\" he said.V Johnsundar the organiser of Ilayanila, a troupe which performs folk songs says that today's youth are open-minded and they can easily be lured into traditional art forms if they watch a performance that is executed well. \"Our performance is message based, and the response has been overwhelming,\" says John.Silambattam was perhaps the most popular among all the art forms. M Manojkumar, and Sakthikumar, third year students of electronics and communications, said they enjoyed the way the artists performed. \"The way they move their bodies is amazing. It looks easy, but I'm sure it requires regular practice and discipline, which we lack,\" they say.School and college students were also part of the performances. R Vanathi, a second year BSc Botany student at Kongunadu said that she has been learning Silambattam for more than twelve years. \"I was quite happy to see the positive response from the people. Now, there is a heightened interest in learning this. Silambattam can help in improving physical as well as mental strength,\" she says.P Lakshmipriya, a class 8 student of Venkatlakshman School, Chettipalaym said that she has been learning the Jamaap, a folkdance for more than six months. A tenth standard student, S Anand said that he had learned the dance to be with friends, but had begun to enjoy it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11454441", "title": "Ground water expert Mukund Ghare passes away", "text": "PUNE: Geologist and ground water expert Mukund Ghare passed away at a private hospital here on Wednesday after a brief illness. He was 78. He is survived by a daughter.Ghare was former president of the Action for Agricultural Renewal in Maharashtra (AFARM), said Rambhau Chavan, chairman of AFARM.Ghare was associated with many NGOs across the country, working in the field of water management and rural development. He was an authority on scientific watershed management. He used to visit many rural areas and study local water issues. He guided students and NGOs about water management. He also contributed several articles to various journals and magazines on water issues.Expressing his condolences, home minister RR Patil said that Ghare had guided him on water management when he was the minister of water supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11456500", "title": "I&B; ministry steps up efforts to meet digitization of cable deadline", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the deadline for digitization of cable addressability system in metros barely six months away, the I&B; ministry is working on a series of measures for the transition from analog to digital systems including coping with possible shortage of set top boxes and introduction of fiscal incentives for sector.The task force under I&B; additional secretary Rajiv Takru is also working on an effective public awareness campaign.Sources said that the committee of secretaries is likely to deliberate on financial incentives in the sector later this week. Multi-system operators have demanded customs duty exemption for STBs and a conducive digital environment to ensure uniformity of taxes and levies at the state level.There has also been a demand from the industry for infrastructure status confined not only for purpose of tax concessions but also granting of status of small and medium industry to MSOs to enable them to secure finances at concessional rates.The ministry is also concerned about the availability of STBs to ensure smooth transition. Approximately 1 crore STBs would be required in 4 metros in the first phase. The government is also exploring leasing or sharing of optical fibre network laid down by BSNL/MTNL.The ministry will be writing to state governments to enlist their support fro the public awareness campaign and training. Government PSU BECIL has already begun training and capacity building of people who will work as trainers for other cable operators and MSOs in the industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11460429", "title": "Snag may hit e-voters\u2019 list publication", "text": "NASHIK: The e-voters' list that was to be published by the Nashik Municipal Corporation on January 12 is likely to be delayed due to some technical problems at the collector's office. Sources in the Nashik Municipal Corporation said they were to get the verified list from the collector's office on January 5, but they have not yet received the list.\"January 5 was the cut-off date for the collector's office to print the voters' list and hand it over to us. We had given the ward-wise list to them. Only after we receive the final list from the collector's office can we call for objections from people. But the collectorate has not given it to us as yet,\" said a senior official, on condition of anonymity.\"The municipal commissioner and the election officials had a meeting with the district collector on Friday. We are trying to get it as soon as possible. If we do not get it in time we cannot publish the list for objections on January 12 and the entire programme can be disturbed,\" he said.District collector P Velrasu said he had already given the printed copies of the voters' list to the NMC. He, however, agreed that there were some glitches in the soft copy and the NMC has asked for a soft copy. \"We are checking the list and by Saturday, we hope to clear it and hand it over to the NMC,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11455229", "title": "Emu farming catches Haryana\u2019s fancy", "text": "GURGAON: It's not just Ullawas village, close to Gurgaon's corporate hub, which is attracting attention because emu is reared here. The trend of emu farming has caught up across Haryana in recent years.About 100 farms of this bird of Australian origin have already come up in various parts of the state with about eight such farms in Hisar district. A government spokesperson said that more people are taking up this business since emu rearing is largely risk-free.The giant birds cannot fly and have the strength to survive in zero degree celsius as well as 52 degrees celsius. With a high degree of resistance, they remain free from all kinds of diseases and have a lifespan of 30-40 years. A senior official said that these birds eat leaves, vegetables, fruits, insects and grains and drink eight to ten litres of water daily, which is amply available in the state. One emu needs 6-8 feet space to live in. He added that one needs to invest about Rs 24.78 lakh to purchase 50 pairs of these birds and construct a shed and make arrangements for water.\"Rearing of emu is going to be the first choice for farmers and a major source of employment and additional income. We expect more people to take up this business,\" said the official. Emu rearing was first started in Australia and it being high-yielding and zero-risk farming, it was adopted as a profession in America, European countries, China, Japan, Malaysia, Korea and in India it was adopted in AP and Maharashtra in 1996. Thereafter the farmers of Tamil Nadu, Goa, Orissa and MP started their farming and now it has become a good option for Haryana farmers.Officials said that every limb of emu is useful. Its egg, feather, mutton, empty shell of egg, nails, oil and skin all are useful. One Emu sheds 400-600 grams of feathers in a year which is used to make caps, costumes and brushes for cleaning computers and cars. One emu egg weighs 500-700 grams and it can fetch Rs 1,000 to Rs 1,200 in the market. Emu starts laying egg in the age of two or two and a half years and continue to lay up to 30 years. In first year it lays up to 100 eggs, second year 200 eggs and in third year it lays up to 300 or more eggs. \"So, there is long-term benefit for farmers. With a huge quantity of foodgrain available in rural Haryana, we expect the farming will be much more,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11454839", "title": "Anti-Rushdie chant gathers momentum", "text": "MUMBAI: Muslim organizations have stepped up their protest against controversial author Salman Rushdie's visit to the country. With Darul Uloom Deoband asking the government not to permit Rushdie into the country, the anti-Rushdie chant has picked up.\"We have opposed his visit to India ever since he wrote the The Satanic Verses. We will keep opposing it in future too,\" declared Saeed Noorie whose Raza Academy had appealed to namazis to offer their shoes to a cobbler, donning Rushdie's mask, to polish outside Minara Masjid at Mohammed Ali Road on Wednesday.Maulana Mahmood Daryabadi of All India Ulema Council accused the Centre of ignoring Muslims' sentiments and their repeated appeals against granting visa to Rushdie and Bangladeshi writer Tasleema Nasreen.\"Why do the organizers of literary fests keep inviting Rushdie whose hatred against Islam is well-known,\" asked Maulana Mustaqeem Azmi of Jamiatul Ulema-e-Hind. \"The answer to a book is a book, not a ban,\" said senior Islamic scholar Maulana Wahiduddin Khan. \"Darul's writ cannot be applied to the entire country.\"Javed Anand, secretary, Muslims for Secular Democracy, said Muslims must know what the founder of Aligarh Muslim University Sir Syed Ahmed Khan did in such a situation. \"Altaf Hussain Hali, who penned Sir Syed's biography, writes that Sir Syed never favoured hounding a writer who had blasphemed against the Prophet. So Sir Syed wrote a book to refute the charges of William Muir in the latter's blasphemous book 'The Life of Muhammad',\" said Anand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11456020", "title": "English is the medium of knowledge in city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In St Xavier's Loyola Hall School, serpentine queues can be seen during admission time as parents fall over each other to get their wards admitted in the premium school. Authorities confess there is also lot of pressure brought from influential people to admit 'just this one child'! Admission in the same school is offered on a platter for the Gujarati medium, as the number of parents wishing to get their children admitted in the local medium dwindles with each passing year.This year, 900 forms were received by the St Xavier's Loyola Hall school authorities duly filled by the parents seeking admission for their toddlers in kindergarden on 100 seats in the English medium. In comparison, there were only 45 forms received for 50 seats in the Gujarati medium class.\"There is lot of pressure for admission in English medium but few takers for admission in Gujarati medium. With passing year, we have seen that few parents get their wards admitted in Gujarati medium as they feel that studying in English medium will give their children an edge in competing with the world in the future,\" says principal of St Xavier's Loyola Hall Father Ferdinand Durai.The predicament of increasingly less number of parents opting for getting their wards admitted in Gujarati medium is faced by many schools. The contrast is especially striking in schools that offer both education in both English and Gujarati medium.In St Xavier's Mirzapur, 500 forms were received for admission on 120 seats in junior kg, while 125 forms were received for the Gujarati medium section of 50 students.In Nirman High School in Panchwati, while 490 applications were received seeking admission on 100 seats in English medium, only 15 applications were received for admission on 50 seats in Gujarati medium.Tripada High School in Ghatlodiya received 275 applications for two sections of English medium but only 25 applications for parents wishing to get their child admitted in the Gujarati medium section with 50 seats.The dwindling applications in the Gujarati medium schools which also offer English medium, say experts, is a fall out of English language gaining more popularity.\"Parents feel that if their child studies in English medium, he will get more career opportunities which may be denied to him if he is not fluent and comfortable with the language,\" said Dhiraj Jogani of GLS School which closed down their Gujarati medium two years ago.Earlier, A G High School too closed down its Gujarati medium due to lack of students and persistent demand from parents to have more English medium sections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11455324", "title": "After Mumbai banker's death, girlfriend too jumps", "text": "MUMBAI: Two days after a bank executive committed suicide, his 24-year-old girlfriend attempted suicide by jumping off from her parents' fourth-floor flat in Versova on Wednesday. The woman suffered multiple fractures and has been admitted to Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital in Andheri.On Monday evening, Vishal Gambhir ended his life by jumping from the 18th floor of a high-rise at Goregaon (east). The woman, with whom he was in a serious relationship, was estranged from her husband and was living with her parents at Versova for the last two months. Before their estrangement, the couple stayed in a rented flat in Versova. The husband later shifted to Kandivli, police said.Police said that around 12 noon on Wednesday, the woman threw herself from the flat of her parents who were present in the house. The relatives with the help of neighbours took her to the hospital. D N Nagar police station officials are waiting for her recovery to record her statement to understand the circumstances that forced her to take such a drastic step.Deputy commissioner of police, Zone-9, Pratap Dighavkar said, \"We are enquiring about the details which forced her to adopt such a drastic step. On Monday, her friend had committed suicide at Goregaon and she was with him at the time of the incident.\"Gambhir, was a senior executive in a private bank and was living separately from his wife in a rented accommodation in Oberoi Woods, in Goregaon (east). While Gambhir was keen to get married, his girlfriend had sought more time.On Monday, Gambhir went to meet her around 3pm and took her to his residence to discuss their relationship. Gambhir consumed liquor in her presence and had a lengthy discussion. Gambhir was depressed because she asked for more time. During their discussion Gambhir had received an official phone call.Additional commissioner of police Ramrao Pawar (north region), said, \"They both were married. They had discussed separating from their partners and also their possible marriage. Gambhir was worried because he was not doing well professionally and his personal life was also in a shambles. He told her that he was depressed in life.''Aarey police had registered an accidental death case in Gambhir's death and had recorded the woman's statement after the incident. She told the police about her relationship with Gambhir and their struggle to forge a consensus for marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11456226", "title": "Swami Vivekananda\u2019s Indore connection remembered", "text": "INDORE: At a time when the country is gearing up to celebrate Swami Vivekananda's 150th birth anniversary on January 12, Indore remembers his sojourn at Bada Raula in Junni Indore. Way back in 1892, Vivekananda came to Khandwa from Gujarat to participate in a programme, organized by the Bengali Samaj. Vivekananda had visited the city at the invitation of the then Raoraja Rao Chhatrakaran Zamindar of Zamindar family, considered as the founder of Indore.Talking to ToI, Prathmesh Zamindar, grandson of Raoraja Rao Chhatrakaran Zamindar, said, \"Vivekananda had come to ancestral house at Bada Raula and stayed there for two weeks and delivered lectures and discourses during his stay.\"Much later, the son of Chhatrakaran, Nihalkaran Zamindar had set up Vivekananda Hostel in 1962 for poor students of Indore and nearby areas, a facility availed by students free till this day. \"The hostel was in portion of the house, where Swamiji had stayed. Interestingly, room and the gallery where Vivekananda had spent two weeks still hold firm,\" said Zamindar, adding that he doesn't have a photograph to support his claim.However, in the autobiography of Swami Vivekananda 'Life of Swami Vivekananda' Indore and Khandwa, his visit finds a mention, in a different manner though.Swami Raghvendra of Ramkrishna Mission, Indore, said the autobiography of Vivekananda has mentioned that while on his way to Khandwa, Swamiji had come to Indore with a letter from Dewan of Junagarh. He had asked the then zamindar of the city for accommodation. But as Swamiji did not get the warm response, he left the city within a couple of days and went to Khandawa, were he stayed with a Bengali advocate. \"At that time, Swamiji was not that much popular as he was just a monk,\" said Swami Raghvendra.Toro Kara Todo (Part IV), penned by Narendra Kohli also mentioned Vivekananda's visit to Indore. The book mentions that Vivekananda went to Khanderao Chimanrao Bedkar, Dewan of Indore in 1890-92 with a letter of request from Dewan of Junagarh to provide him accommodation. But the then Dewan of Indore refused him shelter. Later, he stayed at a temple.Zamindar, who refused to have knowledge of the incident, claims that when his grandfather Raoraja Rao Chhatrakaran Zamindar came to know about the visit of Vivekananda he went to Khandwa and brought Swamiji to the Bada Raula.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11455205", "title": "Husband held after wife files complaints against him, in-laws", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 30-year-old MBA graduate from Chennai was arrested by Coimbatore city police on Wednesday in a dowry harassment case filed by his wife. The youth's parents and two sisters also face charges of dowry harassment and have gone underground fearing arrest.According to police, 29-year-old J Anitha, an MCom Graduate of Mullai Nagar in Pappanaicken Pudur in Coimbatore met V Ramprasad from Andhra Pradesh while working in a company at Valasaravakkam in Chennai five years ago. They fell in love and got married on December 30, 2006.During marriage, Anitha's family gave 80 sovereigns of gold and Rs 1 lakh as dowry to Ramprasad. Further, the family also spent Rs 6 lakh in marriage expenses.After marriage, Anitha and Ramprasad stayed together in a joint family. Family affairs were in control of Ramprasad's father Venkayya, an officer with Indian Oil Corporation . After giving birth to a daughter, Anitha was subjected to continuous dowry harassment by her husband's family. Moreover, Ramprasad left the company he was working with and started demanding more money from Anitha's family to start a business of his own.Unable to withstand the physical and mental torture demanding dowry, Anitha returned to her Coimbatore home last month with the daughter. As per the complaint filed by Anitha, a police team went to Chennai and arrested Ramprasad. However, his father Venkayya, mother Seshamma and sisters Rajalakshmi and Hema Sundari managed to evade the arrest. Police are on the lookout of their whereabouts. Ramprasad has been remanded in judicial custody at the Coimbatore central prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11455682", "title": "Woman seeks DNA test to prove child\u2019s paternity", "text": "CHENNAI: A two-year-old boy and his mother R Brinda Devi on Wednesday submitted a petition to director general of police K Ramanujam seeking police protection from her husband Radhakrishnan's family.The boy and his mother have approached the Madras high court for a direction to conduct DNA tests to prove the child's paternity. The family of Radhakrishnan, who runs a garments company in Erode, had questioned whether the boy was Radhakrishnan's son.In the petition filed on behalf of the child, Brinda Devi said that she has been searching for her husband. She was not allowed to enter her father-in-law's house in Erode, and staged protest in front of the house.Erode police on December 23, 2011 arrested Brinda Devi and her son for trespassing into her father-in-law's house. They were remanded in central prison in Coimbatore for 10 days. The mother and son were released on bail on January 2. Brinda Devi later approached the high court and submitted a petition asking for a direction for her son and husband to undergo DNA tests. Radhakrishnan disappeared last December abandoning them at their house in Tiruppur, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11461400", "title": "Biker dies after being hit by auto", "text": "NASHIK: A biker was hit by an autorickshaw on Dhondi Road near Deolali Camp on January 5.The victim, Kishor Babu, was riding his motorcycle when he was hit by the autorickshaw. He later succumbed to his injuries. A case of negligent driving has been filed against the autorickshaw driver, Rajendrakumar Sivkumar, by the Deolali Camp police on Monday. Sivkumar is a resident of Sansari.A 55-year-old resident of Malegaon, Radhabai Khare, was killed when a speeding autorickshaw rammed into her near Dattanagar, Panchavati at 7.45pm on Tuesday. Khare died on the spot. The autorickshaw driver, who was going towards Dattanagar, fled the scene. The Panchavati police are investigating the case.In another incident, a man was injured when a biker, with two pillion riders, rammed into his two-wheeler. The accused, Dileep Avhad, was driving on Lam Road when he hit the victim, Prakash Takekar, who was riding a scooty. A case has been filed but no one has been arrested.The third accident was reported at Ambad police station. A pedestrian, Prakash Bagul, was injured when Mahesh Nehe (20), who was driving a car, knocked him down. A case of negligent driving has been registered against Nehe.The victim, Kishor Babu, was riding his motorcycle when he was hit by the auto. He later succumbed to his injuries. A case of negligent driving was filed against the driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11453194", "title": "Scientists follow ancient literature to seek treatment for Parkinson's", "text": "NAGPUR: A new trend is emerging in modern medicine. Scientists across the country working on developing new drugs seem to be looking towards ayurveda for remedies. They are trying to obtain molecules from known ayurvedic herbs, to make drugs to treat diseases that do not have cures in modern medicine. Some of the diseases being targeted include heart problems, diabetes, tuberculosis, Parkinson's etc.The trend was more than evident from the presentations by scientists at the three-day annual conference of Society for Neurochemistry (SNCI) titled 'Rejuvenation neurochemistry: bedside to bench and back to bedside' hosted by the research lab of Central India Institute of Medical Sciences (CIIMS).In Charaka Samhita, an ancient literature on Indian medicine, certain herbs are known to work well in treatment of Parkinson's disease. But the mechanism of these herbs is yet to be fully understood by modern medicine. However, scientists at the Indian Institute of Chemical Biology (IICB), Kolkata, have identified harmful as well as beneficial molecules, which can stop the progression of Parkinson's disease in patients.Though it is too early now to pronounce that the beneficial molecule can actually be developed into a drug, the research so far has shown that the herb contains a good molecule which can arrest the effect of the disease in animals. KP Mohanakumar, chief scientist at IICB, told TOI that he had first identified the bad molecule from the herb (phenylethylamine) from its plant extract. The harmful molecule is also known to be present in chocolates and wine.But there are other molecules (not being disclosed yet as patent is pending) which are being tried on human cell lines. The Levo Dopa (allopathic medicine) is a good molecule present in the extract, a medicine that is used to check the symptoms of Parkinson's. L dopa is a precursor of dopamine, a neurotransmitter which is lost during the disease in brain.Mohanakumar has also used Hyascyamus niger to remove beneficial molecules. Development of a drug based on the beneficial molecule may take many years, but even identifying the molecule and trying it on human cells is a promising indication of drugs for Parkinson's in future.Brain stroke is another brain disease which could have extremely bad, irreversible changes in the body. While scientists like Prakash Babu, head of the department of biotechnology school of life sciences of University of Hyderabad, are trying stem cell therapy to treat the diseases, others like Pawan Kumar from National Institute of Ayurveda, Jaipur, are using herbs like Fagonia Arabica, commonly known as Dhamasa, to act as a neuro-protector and treat clots in deep veins.Human trials of these drugs are showing good results. Babu says a drug developed from the plant can act as a very cheap replacement to streptokinase. Curcumin, an active component of turmeric, also has neuro-protector abilities. Capscain (derived from chilli) has proved to be a good pain reliever.Dr Jayant Deopujari, an ayurvedic practitioner from CIIMS, has also been working on Dhamasa and got good results in animal models. He has characterized the molecule, obtained from partially purified extract of the whole plant, that can act as a clot dissolver.Paturu Kondaiah, a scientist from Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, working on tumours and Dr Rajpal Kashyap, senior research consultant at CIIMS laboratory, also presented papers on the first day. Kashyap presented his work on tuberculosis of the brain and the kits developed by his lab for detection of latent tuberculosis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "11454762", "title": "Season's first snowfall in Ghoom", "text": "DARJEELING: A second time in the season Darjeeling town has narrowly missed a date with snow. Tuesday saw an hour of snowfall in Jorebungalow. Tourists flocked to the otherwise nondescript area, 8kms away from Darjeeling, to get a glimpse of the fall. This is the first snowfall of the season in Ghoom-Jorebungalow.Around 2pm, the clouds gathered and the air became nippier. A slight drizzle added to the apprehension of snowfall. However, Darjeeling town remained clear. The last time Darjeeling town received snowfall was in 2006.Tiger Hill on the upper ridges of Jorebungalow which receives heavy dose of snowfallwas almost clear with only white flakes having accumulated on the road and pine trees. It had snowed in Tiger Hill on January 1.Despite the strong winds, excited tourists rushed to Jorebungalow and Tiger Hill.\"It feels like Switzerland I have never before experienced snowfall,\" said Shraddha Sen, a tourist from Kolkata., from Bhowanipur in Kolkata. Another tourist Alica Gonzalves from Mumbai said she would extend her stay for a couple days.\"The snowfall this time is light compared to previous occasions. But it feels nice to play on a white blanket of snow. I hope there are more snow showers,\" said Pasang Lhamu, surfing on the snow slope and throwing snowballs at friends.Initially, the snow shower was intense but strong winds drove away the cloud cover. Snow flakes poured in the town that made people on the streets shout out to each other in joy. 'ayo, ayo, abo parcha' (its come, its come now it will snow). But the excitement didn't last long as the sky soon became clear and bright sunshine peeped through the clouds. \"It could have snowed but for the wind. If conditions remain chilly and there is enough cloud cover we might have snowfall by tonight,\" said Rupendra Pradhan at Chowrasta.The minimum temperature continued to hover around the 2-3 degree Celsius mark with freezing conditions at night.\"Weather condition is changing daily and it is difficult to predict when it would snow heavily. The western disturbances have not brought enough moisture to favour snowfall,\" said the weatherman at the North Bengal University (NBU) in Siliguri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11455113", "title": "'Nothing seems to deter Surjeet Singh Kohli'", "text": "He doesn't live in a big palace or have a royal bloodline. He also lacks the kind of influence and money that royalty can boast of. And yes, he hardly looks charismatic.But nothing seems to deter the soft-spoken and mild-mannered Surjeet Singh Kohli, who is pitted against former chief minister Amarinder Singh in the Assembly elections from Patiala.Ask Kohli what gives him the gumption to take on the 'might' of the erstwhile royals, and the 60-year-old SAD candidate first likes to clear certain notions about him, the first being, \"I am not a sacrificial lamb.\"\"Who says that we can't challenge the royals or the president of the Congress party? It's a battle and I am going to give him a tough fight,\" the jovial man says.It is this very felicity that Kohli is counting on for his big battle.Surrounded by supporters at his residence in Dyal Bagh, Kohli says, \"I may not be a maharaja or as wealthy as the Captain is but I believe that people want someone like me who is accessible and availablea?\u00a6 not someone they can't even talk to or meet.\" And this may be the reason that despite owning scores of vehicles, Kohli, who is a transporter, has been campaigning on his scooter. This, he says, helps him connect better.\"As I ride along, I wave, acknowledge well-wishers' greetings and stop wherever I want to catch up with my people,\" he says, finding time to talk while also going through the 'to-do' list. \"Moreover, people don't like politicians who travel in hi-end cars and have security guards who make them inaccessible,\" adds Kohli, who has been driving his Vespa for 35 years.Though Kohli sounds and looks very confident, 2007 elections saw Amarinder defeat him by over 32,000 votes. \"That was because of liquor. There was more liquor than water in Bhakra canal during polls,\" Kohli explains matter-of-factly, not bothering too much about the past.The sexagenarian, who had won the 1997 Patiala elections and whose elder son Ajit Pal Singh Kohli is a mayor, also doesn't like to be a man in a hurry as he starts his day at 6am and winds up by 9.30pm.\"People want a leader, someone they can trust and I am that someone,\" he pronounces as a supporter enters the room and seeks his blessings. Stopping his supporter midway, Kohli hugs him, holds him by shoulders and says, \"I am here to servea?\u00a6 not to rule, tell me what can I do?\"\"I think it's time I went around the city and met people,\" says Kohli, leaving the room and reaching for his parked Vespa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11457249", "title": "We chose Sukhbir purely on merit: Parkash Singh Badal", "text": "War horse Parkash Singh Badal, CM and SAD patron, filed his nomination on Tuesday, days after Congress was rocked by Captain Amarinder Singh's brother Malvinder when he joined SAD. Badal spoke to Rohan Dua about Malvinder and other issuesAmarinder Singh's brother, Malvinder, has joined you. Will you give him a ticket?SAD criticised Congress on its candidate list accusing it of nepotism. But, your son is a deputy CM. Now you've chosen your daughter-in-law too?She is a covering candidate. Such candidates don't have much significance. Sukhbir has been chosen on merit. If the party thinks he's not fit to serve in the capacity, it won't select him as deputy CM in our next term.What prompted you to question EC officials on transfers of SSPs and DCs?Who will be responsible if anything happens in the state due to changes in the law and order machinery? This troubled me most. I am a law abiding citizen. I told them that they were trying to paint a different picture of me. I respect the Constitution and EC is part of it.What happened after the correspondence between you and EC?Nothing.You'll contest against your brother and cousin in Lambi. Who do you think stands a better chance?My fight is against Congress, not against any individual. Manpreet or his family are not astrologers predicting victory for themselves. If I am out, even Mahesh Inder can win the elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11461605", "title": "Katy Perry enjoys five star People's Choice Awards", "text": "Katy Perry won five prizes at the People's Choice Awards last night (11.01.12).The 'Firework' hitmaker - who cancelled her planned appearance at the ceremony in the wake of her split from husband Russell Brand - was the star of the spectacle at the Nokia Theatre in Los Angeles as she picked up gongs for Best Music Artist, Favourite Tour Headliner, Favourite Song for 'E.T.', Favourite Tour Headliner and Favourite TV Guest star for her stint in 'How I Met Your Mother'.'Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2' took home four accolades, including Best Movie, but none of the cast of the last installment of the wizard movie franchise made the trip to the US meaning their achievements were not announced in the two-hour televised ceremony, which was hosted by 'The Big Bang Theory' actress Kaley Cuoco .Emma Stone was stunned to receive a standing ovation from the crowd as she was announced as the Best Movie Actress.The 'Crazy Stupid Love' star - who was also awarded Best Comedic Movie Actress - told the audience: \"I moved to LA eight years ago this week with my mum, who's right there. It is so insane to be standing up here right now.\"Other winners at the spectacle included Johnny Depp, who won Best Movie Actor, Lea Michele, who took home the statuette for Best TV Comedy Actress and Bruno Mars , who was named Favourite Male Artist.Robert Pattinson was on hand to accept the prize for Favourite Drama Movie for his film 'Water For Elephants' and showed off a new cropped hairstyle.Guests included Kelly Osbourne and her mother Sharon, Miley Cyrus and her boyfriend Liam Hemsworth and Adam Sandler .People's Choice Awards 2012:FAVOURITE MOVIES:Movie: 'Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2'Movie Actor: Johnny DeppMovie Actress: Emma StoneMovie Icon: Morgan FreemanAction Movie: 'Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2'Action Star: Hugh JackmanDrama Movie: Water for ElephantsComedy Movie: BridesmaidsComedic Movie Actor: Adam SandlerComedic Movie Actress: Emma StoneEnsemble Movie Cast: 'Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2'Movie Star Under 25: Chloo MoretzAnimated Movie Voice: Johnny Depp as Rango, RangoMovie Superhero: Ryan Reynolds , Green LanternFavourite Book Adaptation: 'Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2'FAVOURITE TELEVISION:Network TV Drama: 'Supernatural'TV Drama Actor: Nathan FillionTV Drama Actress: Nina DobrevCable TV Drama: 'Pretty Little Liars'Network TV Comedy: 'How I Met Your Mother'TV Comedy Actor: Neil Patrick HarrisTV Comedy Actress: Lea MicheleCable TV Comedy: 'Hot in Cleveland'TV Competition Show: 'American Idol'TV Crime Drama: 'Castle'Sci-Fi/Fantasy Show: 'Supernatural'Daytime TV Host: Ellen DeGeneresLate Night TV Host: Jimmy FallonTV Guest Star: Katy Perry , How I Met Your MotherTV Celebreality Star: Kim KardashianNew TV Drama: 'Person of Interest'New TV Comedy: '2 Broke Girls'FAVOURITE MUSIC:Favourite Male Artist: Bruno MarsFemale Artist: Katy PerrySong of the Year: 'E.T.', Katy Perry, featuring Kanye WestAlbum of the Year: Born This Way, Lady GagaPop Artist: Demi LovatoHip-Hop Artist: EminemR&B; Artist: RihannaBand: Maroon FiveCountry Artist: Taylor SwiftMusic Video: 'Last Friday Night (TGIF)', Katy PerryTour Headliner: Katy PerrySource: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11459764", "title": "I eye Chennai, say filmmakers!", "text": "After Madurai and southern Tamil Nadu, it is Chennai that has become a favourite for directorsThe man vasanai present in the visuals of Paruthiveeran and Aadukalam seems to have been increasingly replaced by the sands and salty breeze of the Marina and Royapuram! While southern Tamil Nadu is still a preferred location for Kollywood, Chennai too is growing into a favourite destination for modern-day filmmakers.If films like Marina, Vazhakku En 18/9, Atta Kathi and Vada Chennai showcase the less-seen sides of the city, Neethane En Ponvasantham, Oru Kal Oru Kannadi and 3 portray the city and the people that we often associate with - trendy and modern.Director Pandiraj, who is bringing the life on the Marina beach on screen, says that the main reason why he chose to set his film in the city was because both his two earlier films were set in villages. \"But I wanted to show a unique facet of the city; and, the Marina is a place where you can find people from all strata of the society,\" he explains.At the audio launch of debutant director Ranjith's Atta Kathi, a film set in the villages that form north Madras, director Vetri Maaran said, \"Many believe that Chennai city includes only the trendy localities, but there are a lot of villages on the outskirts that form an integral part. This is where you'll find people who have been here for generations.Though many filmmakers, including myself, show these regions to be a hotbed of violence, it is also a place full of normal people and not many have bothered to showcase this facet of the city.\"Filmmakers feel that Chennai, as a location, offers lots of options creatively. \"Every area in the city can be turned a character by itself and lend colour to your story. And each locality has a lot of stories to offer,\" says Ranjith, who says that his film was a result of his desire to document the life of the place he was born and brought up in. He feels that most filmmakers have often misrepresented the city.\"The Chennai dialect is shown as slang used by gangsters or used for comic effect. But it is also spoken by a majority of the city's population,\" he says. But shooting in Chennai is also not without its own drawbacks. Says Pandiraj, \"Getting permissions to shoot is quite difficult. That is one reason why many filmmakers go to Pondicherry to shoot scenes set in the city. Also, crowd control is a big issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11457137", "title": "NRHM scam: BSP MLA in CBI custody", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) team probing the Rs 2,000 crore National Rural Heath Mission (NRHM) scam picked up sitting BSP MLA from Barhaj in Deoria, Ram Prasad Jaiswal, late on Tuesday night. The MLA is believed to be the main link between former family welfare minister Babu Singh Kushwaha and the private companies which were awarded contracts under the scheme.The CBI move is considered to another step towards building up a watertight case against Kushwaha to avoid any embarrassment in court once the expelled BSP minister is arrested.The agency had earlier raided the residential and business premises of leading suppliers of pharmaceuticals and medical equipment in Moradabad - the Jains - who too are believe to be extremely close to Kushwaha and instrumental in physical movement of cash.The investigators are believed to be in possession of printed material which corroborates not only Kushwaha's proximity with the Jains but also the latter's direct access to some senior BJP leaders.Investigators believe that Kushwaha had used this very link to join BJP. The CBI is also planning to question another Kushwaha's aide, BSP MLC Ram Chander Pradhan soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11456531", "title": "Poverty leading to malnutrition in kids: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: Forseeing a bleak future for the country's children, an independent report said poverty was leading to malnutrition, stunted growth and high school dropout rates.The 'Impact of Growth on Childhood Poverty in Andhra Pradesh' was conducted by NGO-Young Lives from 2002 and has collected data on 2,011 children aged between six to 18 months and 1,008 children aged between seven-and-half to eight-and-half years. Findings from its third round of data collection were released on Wednesday.According to the study, despite falling poverty, considerable economic growth and the development of significant policies, two-fifths of the world's malnourished children live in India.\"A third of children surveyed are stunted, which has serious long-term implications for health, psychosocial well-being and educational achievement,\" said Renu Singh, Young Lives director.The study found that while households were aware of social protection schemes like MNREGS and Rajiv Arogyasri (health insurance) cards, these welfare programs failed to provide a sufficient buffer against spiraling food prices.The study found that 70% of the households accessed NREGS in 2009, but only 13% accessed the full 100 days' employment. Alongside this, 83% of the households (88% of the rural and 67% of the urban) have Rajiv Arogyasri cards but less than 4% of the families utilized them. ``This shows that out-of-pocket expenditure on health is high and so is one of the reasons that families are unable to get out of the debt trap,'' the research found.\"Research also shows that despite higher enrolment, drop-out and school quality remain critical issues,\" she added. For instance, while average enrollment had increased by age 15 years only 75% children remained in school,'' Singh said.\"Improving the impact of education for children, however, requires improving the quality of schools as well as retaining children in school, and ensuring that other pressures - including poverty - do not undermine children's ability to learn,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-12"}
