{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16403138", "title": "Businessman gets threat calls on son", "text": "NEW DELHI: A businessman in Krishna Nagar, east Delhi, has allegedly received two calls threatening that his son would be kidnapped if he did not pay Rs 10 lakh.The calls were made from an unknown number about six days ago. According to sources, the businessman was told that his son was being watched. \"The caller gave details about his son's movements. He said the businessman's son roamed in a red Scooty and described his features. But the called did not call back in the next four days. It seems someone who knows the family is involved,\" said the investigating officer.The east district police said the calls might be the result of an old enmity. \"We have found that the call originated through a unique number using the internet,\" said an officer, adding that police are also trying to find out if the call was a prank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16402775", "title": "New post could over-ride health, medical education ministers", "text": "BANGALORE: The terms of reference chalked out for Bangalore University vice-chancellor Dr N Prabhu Dev in the newly created post for him appear to over-ride the functions of health and medical education ministers.The new post -- head of Karnataka Health Systems Commission - has sweeping powers and deep reach within health systems of the government. Dr Prabhu Dev has reportedly expressed his willingness to resign as VC as he's locked in a slugfest with varsity registrar MC Mylarappa.As this is a political appointment, the file is awaiting clearance from chief minister Jagadish Shettar. Health minister Aravind Limbavali cleared the file within no time and sent it to him on Tuesday. Though the VC dismissed the reports as \"rumours\", Limbavali said this proposal was before the government.There are no rules framed for appointment and no criteria or qualification mentioned for the commission's chairperson. By creating this post, the government is violating its own austerity norms which are in force due to drought.According to higher education secretariat, Dr Prabhu Dev as VC gets a salary of Rs 75,000 per month plus other perks. As chairperson of the commission, the salary would be on a par or more than what he gets now. That adds up to at least Rs 9 lakh annually. \"Can the government afford this political post?\" asked a senior minister. Limbavali declined to comment when TOI asked about the status of the appointment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16405173", "title": "Didi celebrates President Pranab Mukherjee 'home-coming'", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee's first meeting with President Pranab Mukherjee on home soil threw up a few awkward moments. But to the credit of both seasoned politicians, the evening ended with bonhomie as Mamata candidly admitted before a distinguished crowd that she still found it difficult to believe that the familiar Pranabda was now the President of India.At the airport, Mamata greeted Mukherjee with a scarf and then quickly stepped aside. She strode to a helicopter while Mukherjee took the guard of honour at another end of the tarmac. During the short chopper ride from the airport to Royal Calcutta Turf Club followed by the drive to Raj Bhavan, the two exchanged pleasantries. Mamata later revealed that Mukherjee turned nostalgic and recounted how Sandhya Mukhopadhyay's song 'Modhur Modhur Bangshi Baje', that was a hit when he was young, still reverberated in his ears.Mamata arrived at the venue of the President's civic reception at 4pm, 20 minutes before schedule. The fever she has been nursing since Wednesday could not dampen her spirits as she interacted with the city's culturatti, diplomatic corps, politicians and intelligentsia.In the spotlight till the man of the moment arrived, Mamata waved to the crowd in the Netaji Indoor Stadium stands and basked in the applause.When the bugles sounded at 4.36pm, announcing the President's arrival at the venue, the buzz in the stadium fell silent. They all wanted to glimpse the familiar politician who had entered politics in Kolkata and steadily climbed the ranks to finally occupy the highest office in the country.A thunderous applause marked Mukherjee's entry, flanked by Governor M K Narayanan and Mamata. As Mukherjee took his seat, Mamata seemed a trifle uneasy. She looked this way and that, exchanged a quick word with Mukherjee and again looked the other way.Chief secretary Samar Ghosh opened the proceedings, saying: \"It is an honour to have someone from this state as the custodian of the Constitution,\" he said. Mamata nodded in assent.The Governor handed over a painting to the President. Mamata followed with more gifts. Assembly speaker Biman Bandyopadhyay, mayor Sovan Chatterjee, singers Sandhya Mukhopadhyay, Dwijen Mukhopadhyay and Kalyani Kazi, painters Jogen Chowdhury and Suvaprasanna, Calcutta University vice-chancellor Suranjan Das, captains of industry S B Ganguly, Sanjiv Goenka and Sandipan Chakraborty, sports administrators Jagmohan Dalmiya of CAB, Anjan Mitra of Mohun Bagan , Santi Ranjan Dasgupta of East Bengal and Zamir Manzar of Md Sporting were also present. All this while, the CM was busy, unfolding the shawls for dignitaries to present.Then it was the CM's turn to speak, providing her with the perfect opportunity to break the ice. And Mamata did it with the spontaneity that only she can. Though she started on a formal note, wishing Mukherjee a long and healthy life, the measured speech soon gave way to her exclaiming impromptu: \"I still can't believe that Pranabda is President. The person with whom I have always been informal, I can't quite understand this protocol. When a member of the family moves to an important position like the President's office, one does not quite come to terms with the elevated status. To me, it is Pranabda's homecoming, a day we will remember forever.\"The warmth in her words instantly thawed the icy relationship. Governor Narayanan, perhaps sensing as much, drove the bonhomie further.\"I take the liberty to challenge the CM who said Mukherjee is the best of Bengal. I claim he is the shining star of India,\" Narayanan said, as Mamata clapped heartily.Mukherjee was at his gracious best: \"When Mamata said she wanted to give me a public reception, I was anxious that it should not make me vain. I accept the honour with all humility.\" The President will attend the 58th convocation of IIT Kharagpur on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16407992", "title": "PWD to hand over vats to Kolkata Municipal Corporation", "text": "KOLKATA: The state Public Works Department (PWD) is handing over six garbage vats located at the Maidan area over to the Kolkata municipal corporation. A meeting was recently held at Writers Buildings on the issue.The PWD was asking the KMC for quite some time to take over the responsibility of the vats that are located in Maidan area, giving reasons that garbage cleaning was essentially the KMC's job and that the PWD was unnecessarily burdened with the vats. The vats was under PWD's hands for years. The KMC authorities initially wanted the PWD to continue to clean the vats but the matter was discussed and the PWD finally got the nod from chief minister Mamata Banerjee to hand the vats over to the Kolkata corporation. The KMC will take over the vats very soon.According to rules, the Army is the custodian of the Maidan while the police is responsible for maintaining law and order and the PWD's city division responsible for maintaining and upkeep of the open space of Maidan.Earlier, the PWD had received the green signal from the Army for undertaking beautification work on Red Road. The PWD will be chalking out a beautification plan along Red Road and send a report to the Army for getting a no objection certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407806", "title": "Amit Kumar's Phela Asha Din launched", "text": "Amit Kumar's new Bengali album (after 5 years) was launched at Music World on Saturday in the presence of Amit Kumar himself. The album called 'Phela Asha Din' features 8 songs like 'Harono Surer Khonje', 'Ei Besh Achi', 'Ghoom Ghoom Megh Dupure', 'Akhono Srabon Jhore', 'Phela Asha Din' and others. Hearing the songs will remind us of songs of the 70s and 80s and have been composed by Munna-Raj and penned by Utpal, Sreebarun and Sreeraj Mitra.The album has been recorded at Sangeet Studio and the voice recording of Phela Asha Din has been done at at Meet Brothers Studio where the songs of quite a few films like 'Gangster', 'Life In A Metro' have been recorded. Renowned musicians like Shyam Raj and Prem Sodha who were part of R D Burman's team are also part of this album. The album has been released under the label of Asha Audio.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "gill road", "code": "16405549", "title": "Arshpreet looks for reality TV comeback", "text": "GILL ROAD: The reality TV glamour has found a new liking among many a talented youth of the city after Ludhianvi boy Davinder Pal Singh made it to the finals of a music reality show recently. Gill Road resident Arshpreet Kaur, who had featured among the top 10 contestants in another music reality show in 2006, is hopeful of a comeback in the music industry through the gates of reality entertainment.Arshpreet says she has been working hard to improve her singing skills before she appears for the auditions of a music reality show being produced by an entertainment channel.The 24-year-old daughter of lyricist Gurdeep Singh and homemaker Surinder Kaur says the recent surge in number of Punjabis making it to the top slots in music reality shows prodded her to take another plunge towards music. \"I am working on the weak links in my singing so that I reach the finals of this reality show,\" she adds. Arshpreet, who has done her master's and bachelor's education in music, says she inherited music from her family.\"My father is a lyricist and mother sings occasionally, while the maternal grandparents Sardar Suraj Singh and Santosh Kaur and paternal grandmother Amarjeet Kaur too, have a keen interest in music,\" she says, adding, \"I grew up participating in various singing events during school days at Sri Guru Harkrishan Public School in Dugri. I used to sing ghazals composed by my teacher Dr Savita Uppal at Ramgharia Girls College and even won the best singer award at the national youth festival held at Kolkata University in 2004-05.\"Before participating in the reality show in 2006, Arshpreet had finished runner up in another music reality show on a Punjabi channel in 2003. \"After being voted out in 2006, I tried to participated in other shows, but it was difficult to manage between my studies and singing. I hope to make it big this time,\" she says.Among the Bollywood singers, Arshpreet likes Richa Sharma and Jaspinder Narula while Ustad Ghulam Ali Khan and Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan are her favourite ghazal singers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16404792", "title": "Bikaner train to start operations from Coimbatore on Saturday", "text": "COIMBATORE: Fulfilling a long-pending dream of Rajasthani community in the cotton city, a direct train from Coimbatore to Bikaner will start operations on Saturday. The train which will pass through North Kerala, Konkan region and Gujarat would also be beneficial for tourists from Western Tamil Nadu who wish to explore Bikaner, the Rajasthani city of forts, temples and sand dunes.The fully air conditioned train has one First Class AC, Four 2-tier AC, eight 3-tier AC and two Guard-cum-generator coaches. While the train from Coimbatore will start operations on Saturday, the train from Bikaner will begin its journey next Thursday.During the monsoon season, up to 31st October, train No.22476 Coimbatore-Bikaner Express will leave Coimbatore at 3.20 p.m. on Saturdays and will reach Bikaner at 5 p.m. on Mondays. From Bikaner train No. 22475 will leave at 5.45 a.m. on Thursdays and reach Coimbatore at 4.35 a.m. on Saturdays. From November 1, train No. 22476 will leave Coimbatore at 3.20 p.m. on Saturdays and will reach Bikaner at 12.25 p.m. on Mondays. Train No. 22475 will leave Bikaner at 5.45 a.m. on Thursdays and reach Coimbatore at 02.50 a.m. on Saturdays.The trains will have stops at Palakkad, Shoranur, Kozhikkode, Kannur, Mangalore Junction, Udupi, Bhatkal, Karwar, Madgaon, Kankavali, Ratnagiri, Chiplun, Roha, Panvel, Vasai Road, Vapi, Surat, Ankleshwar, Vadodara, Anand, Ahmadabad, Mehesana Junction, Palanpur, Abu Road, Marwar Jn, Palimarwar, Luni, Jodhpur, Maria Road Junction, Nagaur and Nokha. The introduction of the train was announced in the 2012-13 railway budget.Coimbatore has more than 4.5 lakh people originally from the north, who have made Coimbatore their home. It is the first train from Coimbatore that will take the Konkan route. \"I have not visited my native Pokhran, Rajasthan, in seven years because of the absence of a direct train. To get to Jodhpur or Bikaner, I had to take three trains. I will definitely go visit my native town, once the direct train starts functioning,\" says Kishore Golecha Jain, a businessman from Rajasthan who was born in Ooty and brought up in Coimbatore.The train is the result of aggressive lobbying by the city's Rajasthan community. \"Two previous budgets had promised the extension of the Bangalore-Jodhpur Express to Coimbatore, but in vain. We decided to campaign hard this time around,\" said Ghisulal Hingad of Rajasthani Sangh.According to Babul Bagreecha, an industrialist from Bikaner, the train will help improve trade and tourism between Rajasthan and Western Tamil Nadu. As it passes through key tourism locations in North Kerala, Mangalore, Goa, Maharashtra and Gujarat, the possibilities are enormous, he feels.\"Though it would be a weekly one in the beginning, we are confidant that the train will soon become a daily affair. It will also be useful for people bound for industrial cities like Mumbai and Ahmedabad,'' says Golecha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16404261", "title": "'5-year-old died due to drowning'", "text": "NAGPUR: Five-year-old Krish Kaikade's death is proving to be a litmus test for the city police. The efficiency of the police force is at stake here even as the post mortem report, released on Friday, indicates the cause of death as due to drowning. Krish's body was found at Baradwari in Kapsi.The post mortem report has further deepened the mystery behind his death. Police said that the forensic experts of Mayo hospital have ruled out that Krish had been subjected to unnatural sex. Sources also said that even though no injury marks were found on the body, there were several abrasions on it.Krish had been missing since Tuesday, early this week.After big cases like Monica Kirnapure's murder, Kush Katariya's abduction and murder, attack on RSS functionary and so on, mystery shrouding Krish's death seems have thrown a challenge before city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay.The situation has become even tougher for the police as the incident has happened in the assembly constituency of BJP MLA Krishna Khopde, whose party had been accusing the police of inefficiency. It is also learnt that Krish is the relative of a local BJP corporator. All this seems to have got the police authorities on their toes.The post mortem report got the police baffled as they were expecting to find serious injuries on the child's body. Krish's body was found near a nullah on the edge of an open plot amid some weeds.The village, where Krish's body was found is around four kilometres away from Mahajanpura in Pardi. Krish's family members said that the physically weak boy, who was studying at Balwadi, could not walk to such a distant place where his body was found.Krish's body was found with his shirt only. His trousers were missing and his chappals were found near by. Police is now confused as to how the cause of death could be drowning when evidences point otherwise. They said that if the child had got swept away in the nullah his chappals too would have disappeared but here the only thing that missing is his trousers.It is learnt that a team of Kalamna police is camping at the village and is also searching the field adjoining the nullah to find the missing trousers and more clues. Investigations are on to find out what had happened to child before his death.Following forensic experts opinion, Kalamna police has retained the case as accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16404391", "title": "Nagpur duo Swatika-Vaishnavi in state junior badminton final", "text": "NAGPUR: Rasika Raje, Vaishnavi Bhale and Swatika Butey carried their good performace in the individual events too by keeping the city challenge alive in the Gracelands Maharashtra State Junior Badminton Championship at Subhedar Hall on Friday.The second seeds duo of Vaishnavi and Swatika stormed into the U-19 girls doubles final with a fluent 21-12, 21-15 win over Ahillya Harjani and Mrunmayi Saoji 21-12, 21-15. The city pair will now clash with top seeds Revati Deosthali and Vaishanvi Iyer of Pune.Swatika did well in singles too by making the U-17 semis. Fourth seed Swatika rallied back strongly to down her practice partner Asawari Albal in the hard-fought semifinal.Vaishnavi had a chance to cause big upset when the city shuttler bagged the first game against Karishma Wadkar. However, the No. 3 Mumbai Suburban player staged a remarkable recovery to halt the dream run of unseeded Vaishnavi, who earlier in the morning accounted for second seed Shruti Mundada.Rasika made the light work of Vibhuti Agarwal in the U-19 girls singles to set up a big clash against state senior champion Riya Pillai. In the second semis, Revati Deosthali and Vaishavi Iyer in all-Pune affair. In the U-19 boys, all the four semifinalists were from Mumbai Suburban. Top seed Kaushal Dharmamer will take on Chirag Shetty, while second seed Shlok Ramchandan will meet Sushrut Karmarkar, who shocked No. 3 seed Sudhanshu Medsikar in the quarters.The week-long tournament is being organized by the Nagpur District Badminton Association under the auspices of Maharashtra Badminton Association.Results (All Quarterfinals)U-17 girls singles: 1-Revati Deosthali bt Rujuta Bhagwat 21-12, 21-6; 4-Swatika Butey bt Asawari Albal 18-21, 21-15, 21-6; 3-Karishma Wadkar bt Vaishnavi Bhale 20-22, 21-17, 21-11; 2-Vaishnavi Iyer bt Mrunmayi Saoji 21-16, 21-9.U-17 boys singles: 1-Chirag Shetty bt Akendra Darjee 21-15, 21-12; 3-Amey Pawar bt Varun Padhye 21-10, 21-13; 4-Vighnesh Devlekar bt Pratik Chothani 21-12, 21-10; 2-Kaushal Dharmamer bt Viplav Kuvale 22-20, 21-6.U-19 girls singles: 1-Rasika Raje bt Vibhuti Agarwal 21-10, 21-9; Riya Pillai w/o 3-Karishma Wadkar; Revati Deosthali bt 4-Swatika Butey 21-19, 21-17; Vaishavi Iyer bt Vaishnavi Bhale 21-13, 17-21, 21-9.U-19 boys singles: 1-Kaushal Dharmamer bt Dheeraj Kumar 21-17, 21-13; Chirag Shetty bt 4-Amey Pawar 21-16, 21-11; Sushrut Karmarkar bt 3-Sudhanshu Medsikar 21-6, 19-21, 21-14; 2-Shlok Ramchandran bt Abhishek Kulkarni 21-5, 21-6.U-19 girls doubles: Asawari Albal-Bhakti Dahasahasra bt Anisha Kolhatkar-Diksha Kharde 21-11, 21-6; 2-Aahilya Harjani-Shruti Mundada bt Rujuta Bhagwat-Shikha Batra 19-21, 21-15, 22-20.U-19 boys doubles: 1-Amey Pawar-Vighnesh Devlekar bt Manan Gonenka-Sudhanshu Medsikar 21-19, 21-18; Kaiwalya Kumthekar-Nandan Gajendragadkar bt Nihar Kelkar-Pauras Kulkarni 21-18, 22-20; Purushottam Awate-Satyajit Jagdane bt Abhishek Kotwal-Pranav Lokhande 21-14, 21-13; Likith Bangera-Sushrut Karmarkar bt Ajinkya Bhakre-Kunal Deshmukh 23-21, 21-10.(All Semifinals)U-19 girls doubles: 1-Revati Deosthali-Vaishanvi Iyer bt Rujuta Bhagwat-Shikha Batra 21-14, 21-15; 2-Swatika Butey-Vaishnavi Bhale bt Ahillya Harjani-Mrunmayi Saoji 21-12, 21-15.U-17 boys doubles: 1-Kaushal Dharmamer-Vighnesh Devlekar bt Amey Pawar-Sarang Deshpande 21-16, 21-15; 2-Pratik Chothani-Viplav Kuvale bt Ajeet Kumbhar-Rohan Patwardhan 19-21, 21-17, 21-15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403280", "title": "Ahmedabad-Mumbai AC train to start from Wednesday", "text": "MUMBAI: The Ahmedabad-Mumbai super-fast AC double-decker train will make its inaugural run from Gujarat to Mumbai Central on September 19.According to sources, it will depart from Ahmedabad at 6am to arrive at Mumbai Central by 1pm. On its return trip it will pull out of Mumbai Central at 2.20pm and reach Ahmedabad at 9.30pm.While Shatabdi Express takes 6 hours and 45 minutes to cover the same distance, Karnavati Express (super-fast train) takes7 hours and 45 minutes to traverse the 493-km stretch. The double-decker AC train, which will run six days a week, will reach Ahmedabad in 7 hours.Western Railway (WR) wanted to introduce the service by June but the plan fell through. The train will halt at Borivli, Vapi, Surat, Bharuch, Vadodara and Anand.\"Each coach can accommodate 120 passengers. Of these 70 will be on the lower level,\" said a WR official.\"The double-decker coach will ferry 70% more passengers than Shatabdi. It will have a mini-pantry,\" he added. A single ticket on the super-fast train may cost Rs 471 as compared to Shatabdi Express, which is priced at Rs 695.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16404900", "title": "End irrational talk, HC tells Nirmal Baba", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday barred self styled godman Nirmal Baba from \"giving any kind of absurd or illogical solutions\" to disciples, saying this will automatically put an end to media ridicule.\"To tell people to eat rabri, masala dosa or paani poori to overcome their miseries are the kind of solutions which are highly irrational, weird and unacceptable to commonsensical notions, bound to result in backlash by the media and other such agencies,\" Justice Kailash Gambhir observed, while hearing Baba's plea to ban defamatory articles against him in a media portal.Even as HC restrained the vernacular media portal, bhadas4media, from writing or publishing any \"defamatory material\" against Nirmaljit Singh Narula alias Nirmal Baba, it cautioned against the \"sudden resurgence of the babas\" who claim to have mystical powers and give all kind of illogical solutions to overcome miseries of people leading to \"amplified and glorified superstition which has turned the clock back of development in the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16405073", "title": "Gogoi meets Shinde in Delhi, seeks more judges for foreigners' tribunals", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Friday asked Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde for judges to man the foreigners' tribunals in the state to detect and deport illegal migrants as cases under the Foreigners' Act of 1946 are piling up in the absence of judges to hear the cases. There are 36 tribunals in the state and 15 of these do not have a judge (member) and there are 2,37,631 cases awaiting disposal at different tribunals in the absence of adequate judges.In the absence of enough judges, the state government has decided to shift the foreigners' tribunals in Sivasagar and Golaghat to Nagaon and Goalpara, where there are more cases awaiting judgments. All cases lying with the Golaghat and Sivasagar tribunals have been pegged with the Jorhat district tribunal. The state government had earlier moved the Centre seeking approval for increasing the number of foreigners' tribunals to 100.\"We want to increase the number of tribunals from 36 to 100 and for that we need more judges. We do not have enough judges to man the existing tribunals as there is a dearth of willing retired judges to join the tribunals,\" Gogoi said after his meeting with Shinde at the latter's North Block office in New Delhi.The Foreigners (Tribunal) Order of 1964 provides for appointment of \"persons having judicial experience as the Centre may think fit to appoint\" as judges, called members. Traditionally, serving or retired persons in the rank of additional district judges have been appointed as judges of tribunals but there are few takers.\"Retired judges are unwilling to join the tribunals. We have also not got any retried judges from outside the state. I have talked to the home minister about amending the Foreigners' (Tribunal) order to provide for appointing of persons qualified to be judges from among senior advocates as tribunal judges,\" Gogoi said.Gogoi also asked Shinde to initiate the process for approval of the new rules for updating the National Register of Citizens (NRC), which the state government has already submitted to the Centre. The NRC, which is being updated based on the 1951 electoral rolls, maintains a record of the citizens and the degree of influx from neighbouring Bangladesh.SITUATION NORMALShinde told newspersons after his meeting with Gogoi that the situation in Assam has improved and people are returning to heir homes from relief camps. \"The situation in Assam is calm and quiet,\" he said. Later, Gogoi said, \"My meeting with the home minister was mainly on the situation in BTAD area. The situation has improved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16404439", "title": "India's 1st industrial expo centre at Gujarat International Finance Tec-City", "text": "AHMEDABAD: India's first official industrial exhibition centre will come up at Gujarat International Finance Tec-City (GIFT) in Shahpur in Gandhinagar district.The Rs 500 crore facility will be developed by India International Textile Machinery Exhibitions Society (India-ITME) and will have all facilities to lay out live demos and display of heavy machinery under one roof. The exhibition center will also double up as a cultural centre, which will host concerts and public entertainment , said GIFT officials.India-ITME executive director Seema Shrivastav was in Ahmedabad to sign an agreement with GIFT authorities. The foundation for the project will be laid in January next year and construction activity will begin shortly. The first phase will involve construction of 36,000 sq m.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16404389", "title": "Prasar Bharati gets 1,300 crore government relief", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Cabinet on Friday gave its nod to financial restructuring of state broadcaster Prasar Bharati, waiving off a debt of Rs 1,300 crore. In a major relief, salaries and capital infrastructure costs will be paid by the government to allow the broadcaster to foot its operational costs.The proposal of the I&B; ministry was based on the recommendations of the group of ministers (GoM) on Prasar Bharati.Following this approval, during the next five years from 2012-13 to 2016-17, government non-plan support will be made available to Prasar Bharati for meeting all expenses towards salary and salary-related expenses. All other operating expenses will be borne by Prasar Bharati through its internal earnings that are estimated to be Rs 1,600 crore a year.When asked if the broadcaster would be able to meet its expenses, Prasar Bharati CEO Jawahar Sircar said, \"This is a long awaited decision. We now know what Prasar Bharati is expected to do and we have been gearing up for this challenge.''Accumulated interest on loan-in-perpetuity, interest on capital loan and penal interest thereon payable by the broadcaster to the government will be waived off and will now be converted into grants-in-aid, a statement said. In another major relief, the accumulated arrears of space segment and spectrum charges accrued to the broadcaster up to March 31, 2011, of Rs 1,349.54 crore will be waived off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403086", "title": "HC slams top cop, civic chief", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday berated the civic chief and police commissioner for not complying with its order to resolve the parking issue for Ganesh immersion at Shivaji Park.A division bench of Justice Dhananjay Chandrachud and Justice Amjad Sayed heard a plea filed by the state, seeking permission to park vehicles on the playground on four immersion days and two of Navratri. On August 25, 2011, the HC had directed the two officials to sit with the petitioner, Wecom Trust, to find a solution to the parking issue. On Wecom's petition, the HC on May 5, 2010 had declared Shivaji Park a silence zone and barred parking of vehicles. Wecom's advocate Kaustav Talukdar said the BMC and police were moving applications seeking permission instead of complying with the court's order. The judges questioned why the meeting directed by the court was not held. \"Why is your commissioner not meeting them? Are they untouchables? You don't have time,\" asked Justice Chandrachud. He added, \"You will face the consequences for breaching the court's order. The commissioner is the servant of the system. You are not some overlord. The attitude has to change now. You are not living in some colonial era,\" said Justice Chandrachud.The BMC advocate said Wecom will be heard within a month and urged for immediate permission. But the judges said every year applications are moved at the last moment. They directed that the meeting should be held immediately. Government pleader D A Nalawade said the area's additional commissioner and additional police commissioner will be in a better position to find a solution. The judges fixed the meeting on Saturday. Adjourning the hearing to September 17, the judges warned that if the meeting is not held properly, it will not grant permission for parking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16402613", "title": "We did notanticipatestir: Ashoka", "text": "BANGALORE: Deputy chief minister and transport minster R Ashoka said on Friday that five depot managers and division controllers have been shunted out in the last three weeks following complaints of large-scale corruption in work assignment in public transport sector.\"The government is ready show doors to others following complaints,\" he said.Ruling out political hand in the ongoing strike, he said the government never anticipated the strike as state transport workers are given best of the wages and other facilities in south India. \"Drivers and conductors have betrayed people and government,\" he said.He said the additional burden on the state exchequer because of the 10% hike in basic pay of the employees of the four state-run transport corporations, including Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation and Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation, effective last month was Rs 2,287.20 crore over the four-year period.The transport department has estimated that Thursday's diesel price hike would cost the corporations Rs 325.49 crore a year due to Rs 5 (Rs 6.13 in Bangalore adding taxes) hike in diesel prices.Asked why the government had not signed an agreement as per the unions' demand, Ashoka said such a demand had been existing since 16 years and was not a new one. \"Political parties in power earlier to this government failed to address this issue. This government is working on finding a permanent solution,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16404844", "title": "Most open-air wedding venues in Gandhi Nagar illegal", "text": "BHOPAL: While the state government is trying to save the catchment area of Upper Lake-the lifeline of Bhopal- by limiting commercial and residential activities, marriage gardens are flouting the building permission norms and operating right under the nose of the administration.Some of the marriage located on the banks of Upper Lake at Gandhi Nagar are are functioning \"illegally\" without proper permission from the municipal corporation. Against the building permissions issued for running gymnasium and clubs, over half a dozen property owners have converted them into marriage gardens, encroaching the catchment area of Upper Lake, besides, polluting it by dumping the waste.\"Almost all the marriage gardens on the Sehore road are unauthorized,\" Amit Gajbhiye, city planner BMC told TOI. \"They are violating the occupancy norms as specified in the Madhya Pradesh Bhumi Vikas Rules, 1984 (MP Land Development Rules). The corporation had granted permission for running gymnasiums, health clubs and recreational activities in the area. However, the owners are running them as marriage gardens now,\" he added. \"The corporation had served notices, but in vain,\" he said.Marriage gardens on Bhopal Sehore road, including Green City, Gulshan Garden, Swagat Garden, Sun City Garden, Good Garden, Moonlight Garden, Sundarvan Garden and Shikhir Marriage Garden are among those that are listed as unauthorized by the corporation.As per norms, whenever a building use is changed contrary to the permission it was sought for, the building officer may thereof order to discontinue the use of such building or any portion of the building. Such person is expected to discontinue the use within ten days of receiving the notice from the civic body.\"There are certain loop holes in this act on the basis of which the marriage gardens are operating. Building permission is not required for developing a lawn in front of any construction, if the land belongs to the owner. After constructing a building and developing a lawn or a garden, one can perform any activity in the lawn, as it does not require building permission. The marriage gardens are taking advantage of this loop hole,\" he said.Presently there are over a dozen marriage gardens on this road situated alongside upper lake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16404407", "title": "Complaint against doctors after elderly woman dies", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Relatives of a 65-year-old woman filed a complaint against a team of four doctors after she died during an operation on Thursday. The woman's last rites were performed on Friday evening.According to Khokhra police officials, Madhu Jethva, 65, a resident of Satyanarayannagar, Amraiwadi, was admitted to Rukminiben Government Hospital in Khokhra a month back for eye problems. The doctors suggested a cornea surgery and had admitted her again on Thursday. She was taken to the operation theater at 7 pm and at 7.55 pm, a commotion started.\"When we asked the doctors what had happened, they told us that there were some complications and took her to LG Hospital by EMRI 108 ambulance,\" said Suresh Jethva, the victim's brother. \"She was declared dead at 8.30 pm. We got to know that wrong anesthesia dosage had caused heart failure. When we went back to the hospital, the team of doctors was missing. We then filed a complaint for negligence.\" Police said that the body had been sent for a post-mortem examination on Friday morning. \"The doctors will be questioned after the cause of death is determined,\" said a Khokhra police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "16404599", "title": "Security is beefed up for Mandya bandh", "text": "MANDYA: Elaborate security arrangements have been made, especially at Krishnarajasagara reservoir in view of the bandh call given by the Mandya Zilla Raita Hitaraksana Samiti (MZRHS) to pressurize the Union government not to take a decision against Karnataka's interest at the Cauuvery River Authority meeting on September 19. Deputy commissioner BN Krishnaiah told TOI a holiday has been declared for all educational institutions.\"We've made appropriate arrangements for the day-long bandh and have been assured by the organizers that no untoward incidents will take place,\" said Krishnaiah.SP Koushalendra Kumar said additional forces have been called from neighbouring districts to ensure law &amp; order in Mandya city and all taluk headquarters. \"Two deputy superintendents of police, four inspectors, 12 sub-inspectors, 100 constables and seven KSRP platoons from other districts have been deployed. We've enhanced security at KRS reservoir which already has a heavy police contingent,\" he said.Southern Range IGP Ramachandra Rao met district police officers in Mandya on Friday to review security arrangements.Disruption of vehicular traffic on the Mysore-Bangalore highway during the bandh is likely. Though organizers have assured no road blocks will be set up, police are sceptical about their assurance. \"We've not asked farmers to disrupt traffic. Our aim is only to stall commercial activity,\" said MS Atmananda, vice-president, MZRHS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16402769", "title": "Cauvery will come home this Dasara", "text": "BANGALORE: Cauvery water, hitherto a dream for the 26 lakh residents living on the city's outskirts, is now a turn-of-the-tap away. After years of waiting, broken promises and missed deadlines, on Friday, drinking water did gush into the taps of certain homes on the first day of the trial run. Regular supply of water will start in a phased manner starting early October, and will cover its target coverage area by November.People living in Rajarajeshwari Nagar, Kengeri, Dasarahalli, Yelahanka, Bytarayanapura, KR Puram and Mahadevapura zones, which have been newly brought under the city corporation's administration, will be the main beneficiaries.The trial runs on Day 1 of the Cauvery Water Supply Scheme (CWSS) Stage 4 Phase 2, which is expected to provide 500 MLD drinking water to the areas now included under the city's civic jurisdiction, were successful. They also marked the end of civil works for the project. Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board (BWSSB) minister S Suresh Kumar said the construction part of the project has been completed, notwithstanding the crucial challenges they faced, including shortage of labour. He admitted there was a delay in completion and commissioning of the project, which caused a great deal of inconvenience to the citizens.\"Although the work order for the project was given in March 2009 and work started immediately after, we faced a tough challenge in land acquisition, which consumed a lot of time in the first place. Secondly, there were right-of-way issues with the Railways, BBMP, BDA and NHAI, and only after their consent could work proceed in the city,\" said Suresh Kumar.The main pipelines, spanning a length of about 73km, have been laid through the newly-added areas of the city. The minister further said that workers were not available for this project as easily as they were available for other infrastructure projects in the city, like Namma Metro. Although the requirement for the project was 5,600, the board managed with only 4,800.The BWSSB plans to partially commission the project in the first week of October, letting out 200 MLD (million litres per day) and then commission the project fully by November, letting out 500 MLD into the lines.HOW THE RIVER REACHES YOUR TAPBringing water to a city 4,000ft above sea level is a feat. Bangalore's undulating landscape makes it tougher still. BWSSB has built a man-made canal which draws water from the Shiva Balance Reservoir, 18km from Cauvery near Torekadana Halli (nicknamed TK Halli), working against gravity. This water then flows through a mechanized gate, to let about 5,000 gallons flow into the 3,000mm diameter pipelines.Stations located at the same place, with five motors of 3,100 HP , constantly pump the water up: from 1,200 feet below the city's level towards the treatment plant at TK Halli. Each stage is operated by 10 such pumps at each of the three pumping stations - TK Halli, Harohalli and Tataguni, but five of them are on standby, as these machines run on 24/7 response.The water flows through a cascade aerator, where muddy water gushes out of a fountain-like structure, so the poisonous gases mixed in are let out, and oxygen in the air gets mixed and ionizes the minerals in the water. The water then flows into the next level of treatment, undergoes pre-chlorination and is measured at this stage. Further on, the turbidity of the water is reduced through filtration and sedimentation and let out into the next chamber for post-chlorination, and stored and pumped to Harohalli.From Harohalli, the water is pumped to Tataguni. Here, the water flowing from Cauvery Stage 4 Phase 2 is pumped to Vajerahalli, on the outskirts of Bangalore, and from this point, the bifurcation of flow is planned. The two major lines drawn towards the east and west parts of the city will make sure water flows into the newly added areas in the east, like KR Puram and Mahadevapura, and west like RR Nagar, Dasarahalli, Kengeri and Yelahanka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16406931", "title": "Twitter bug affects many 'verified' accounts, including TOI's", "text": "Twitter has got a new bug that seems to be particularly celebrity bitten. According to a news report in Techcrunch that has been confirmed by Twitter, \"Apparently, for some verified accounts, avatars were swapped out with other random users'.\" An account's verified status indicates that it belongs to the concerned celebrity rather than fans or impostors.Responding to the bug report Twitter replied on its support forum, \"We're investigating an issue with background images and profile photos on @verified accounts. We'll get this resolved ASAP.\" Adding, \"We have temporarily disabled profile settings changes for all users. Our apologies for the inconvenience. Thank you for bearing with us.\"The last tweet on Twitter's support forum, posted four hours ago, said: \"We're actively looking into it and will fix this issue ASAP, very sorry for the trouble.\"Greeted with the unexpectedly changed profile pictures and background images, the affected users were further shocked to find that the 'Verified' status of their Twitter accounts had been revoked as well.This morning, we at TOI were surprised to find that our display image on our Twitter account had been changed. When we tried clicking on the 'View' my profile page link, we got this message: \"Twitter is stressing out a bit right now, so this feature is temporarily disabled\". Though The Times of India account is a verified account, we also saw a message asking us to get verified. Interestingly, we were able to send tweets.Among Indian celebs, Shahrukh Khan, Gul Panag, Ken Ghosh and Shahid Kapur hold verified accounts, but their accounts have not been affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16407924", "title": "Himachal high court seeks details against officials on corruption and moral turpitude allegations", "text": "Shimla: Himachal Pradesh High Court has directed the Chief Secretary to furnish the information regarding corruption cases and moral turpitude wherein officials and officers were involved during the last 10 years in every department. Division Bench comprising Chief Justice Kurian Joseph and Justice D C Chaudhary passed these orders during the hearing of a petition filed by Sher Singh against the state to set aside the departmental proceedings against him which had been ordered during the pendency of a criminal trial. Earlier High Court took the suo moto action in the matter and directed the Chief Secretary, to furnish the list of officers of doubtful integrity and to convey the Court what action has been taken by the government in those cases.ndiThereafter several orders were issued amongst which one direction was to the effect that Secretary Home shall furnish the information regarding corruption cases and moral turpitude wherein officials and officers were involved during the last 10 years in every department. During the hearing of the petition the court observed that since November, 2011 the court has been directing the Principal Secretary (Home) to furnish the information regarding officers/officials involved in corruption cases. But Secretary (Home) through affidavit on May 9 this year had informed the court that this will certainly take a lot of time and efforts as the information is to be consolidated by the concerned Administrative Secretaries after receiving the same from the DODs/Boards/Corporations under their control.Court further observed that period w.e.f November, 2011 up to May, 2012 would have been sufficient enough to call for the information and supply the same to the court. The court wonders, what they have been doing for the said six months. Being a Home Secretary, major part of information could have been easily got available from the police headquarters. There is no point in waiting for the report any further from the Secretary Home. Therefore, the Court directed the Chief Secretary to the Government of Himachal Pradesh to furnish the information within six weeks. The matter will be listed on October 31, 2012 for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16404395", "title": "Snack giant ordered to pay for selling grossly under-weight chips packet", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vastrapur resident Krishan Kumar Bajaj bought a packet of 'Lay's - Shipra Tangy Twist' potato chips which was under-weight. When the weight was checked, the sealed packet was found to weigh a mere 8g instead of the 30g mentioned on the packet - 72% less.Bajaj brought this to the notice of the Consumer Education and Research Society (CERS) which filed a case against PepsiCo at the consumer disputes redressal forum. In a judgment issued recently, the forum ordered PepsiCo India Holdings Ltd to deposit Rs 50,000 in the Consumer Welfare Fund of India within 90 days of receipt of the order. PepsiCo was also asked to pay Bajaj Rs 5,000 for mental agony and Rs 2,000 towards the cost of litigation.Before approaching the forum, Bajaj twice wrote to the manufacturer. The first letter got no response, in reply to the second, the company accepted that the packet was underweight but didn't take the complaint seriously. It offered Bajaj a gift-hamper from PepsiCo which he refused.Contrary to the commonly-held belief that well-known, leading brands live up to their name and refrain from duping consumers, Consumer Education &amp; Research Society (CERS), Ahmedabad, has brought to light one case where the Indian subsidiary of international food &amp; beverages giant PepsiCo was found selling under-weight packets of its popular potato chips brand 'Lay's'.A CERS press release said that while just one packet was randomly discovered to be underweight, a simple calculation indicates that the company can earn an extra profit of around Rs 2.75 lakh, if the entire production of 36,700 packets of the same batch were sold under-weight.\"This holds significance since on CERS's query, the company could not totally rule out this possibility. CERS resorted to legal action in its attempt to compel PepsiCo to pay compensation and punitive damages, and uphold consumer rights,\" the release said.The release said that when CERS first wrote to the company their response was denial. \"There is practically no possibility of such a pack coming out of our plant,\" PepsiCo had replied.CERS officials said that Simi Mehta, a PepsiCo spokesperson, admitted on the phone that the company had been getting complaints about underweight packets from its Pune plant. This was, therefore, not an isolated incident.CERS had good reasons to believe that the sale of underweight packets to consumers was not a freak accident. This could happen with their various products in several batches from different PepsiCo plants. Even if such an instance/technical glitch occurs at PepsiCo on a given day, it has huge implications for the company and its consumers.Eventually, CERS took the issue to the Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum, Ahmedabad (rural), alleging unfair trade practices. The forum also overruled the company's argument that since Bajaj did not have a bill he was not a consumer under the C P Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16405036", "title": "Four of a family drown, three bodies recovered", "text": "ITANAGAR: Four people on Wednesday drowned when they were swept away by flashfloods at Kimin in Papum Pare district of Arunachal Pradesh. Police on Thursday recovered the bodies of three of them.A stream (locally known as 22 Killo Nallah), 22 km off Kimin along the Kimin-Ziro road, swelled due to torrential rain accompanied by a storm that swept away the four off their feet and into the waters.The four of a family - Tame Takar (45), wife Tame Yalo (38), daughter Tame Danyik (15), a Class-VII student of Don Bosco School, Yachuli and son Tame Telyi (6) - were returning home to Lichi village from Kimin around 2.30 pm Wednesday when the incident occurred, former Kimin ZPM Bamang Mangha informed.As the news spread, local public and panchayat leaders led by ZPM Bamang Yayu, hundreds of youths, including members of All Kimin Youth Welfare Association (AKYWA) headed by president Tar Takam and general secretary Bamang Tagak swung into action and formed teams to launch a search operation for the drowned.The bodies of the couple and their daughter were recovered only on Thursday after a massive search operation stretching up to Pohumara in Assam, Mangha informed.Yayu and Mangha conveyed their condolences to the bereaved extended family and prayed for the deceased.They also urged the state government to grant ex-gratia payment to the next of the kin of the deceased.Takio Taram, a kin of the deceased and member of the Kimin unit of Tar Welfare Society, lauded the untiring efforts of one and all, particularly the panchayat leaders and AKYWA members, in retrieving the bodies. \"The young boy is still traceless,\" he said in a choked voice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16403236", "title": "Unauthorized colonies: Lokayukta asks cops to look for missing file", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Delhi urban development department claiming to have lost a file containing orders and file notings of a cabinet decision on development work in unauthorized colonies carried out before the 2008 assembly polls, the Delhi Lokayukta now wants police to probe the matter and report to it by September 27.Last week, Delhi Police got a% rap from the Lokayukta when it %reported the file untraceable following an FIR about the same from the department.Describing the police action as inadequate, Justice Manmohan Sarin has asked the station house officer and the investigating officer to appear before him with the report on the next date. This case is not just about a missing file but about tampering of an order related to a cabinet decision on development works.The file is seen as the prime evidence in connection with a complaint on tampering of the cabinet decision to allow irregularities in development works. Sources said Delhi Police's search teams had visited the department office twice last week.The Lokayukta ordered an inquiry in July after the ombudsman had received a complaint alleging that a senior official of the urban development department tampered with %a cabinet decision at the behest of, and in the interest of, the then UD minister.Consequently, concrete roads costing crores of rupees were laid in unauthorized colonies. The complainant alleged that the sentence that cement concreting of roads be done where sewer and water lines \"have already been laid\" was replaced with \"are to be laid\", changing the substance of the decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16405279", "title": "Revision of electoral roll to begin from October 1", "text": "PATNA: After a fortnight, youths, who will attain the age of 18 years on the cut-off date of January 1 next year, and 5.71 crore other voters will be in election mode to get their names and proper details included, deleted, rectified, or included after revision in the revised electoral roll, as the booth-level process for special electoral revision will commence in the state from October 1.Implicitly, the Election Commission has already come into election mode with regard to making the preparations for the forthcoming parliamentary elections, due in 2014. \"We want all eligible voters and others, who are already on the electoral roll, to seize the initiative and make desired efforts to do the needful,\" said Bihar Chief Electoral Officer ( CEO) Sudhir Kumar Rakesh here on Friday.The objections, if any, will be received for deletion, rectification, revision, and inclusion after revision till October 31. Moreover, the process will be extended for a month (till November) for the coverage of left-out voters through electors' photo identity cards (EPICS), or for taking photographs of left-out voters for their inclusion in the revised photo electoral roll (PER). The process will encompass all 56,942 booths in the state involving voters and booth level officers (BLOs). Voters seeking any kind of correctionrevision in their names and details can visit http://ceobihar.nic.in.\"During December, the data will be fed into computers for the preparation of EPIC and PER. The final draft of the revised electoral roll will be published on January 5,\" Rakesh said, adding: \"We have used proper technology and software to make the entire process hassle free for the voters. They should just make a little effort to make use of the opportunity in time, so that they are not left complaining.\"So far, Nalanda and Rohtas districts have emerged as \"model\", since they have already made 100% coverage of the voters through EPIC and PER. In the state, of the 5.71 crore voters, 5.24 crore have been provided EPICS (91.73% of the total voters), while the photographs of 5.23 crore voters have been put in the PER (92.29% of the total). During the special campaign, the remaining 8.27% of the voters will be provided with EPICS, and the photographs of the remaining 7.71% of the voters will also be put in the PER.\"We will be able to achieve it and get Bihar listed in the group of states which have achieved 100% EPIC and PER coverage of voters with active cooperation of voters, even in big cities, like Patna , Bhagalpur and Muzaffarpur,\" Rakesh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16402812", "title": "BMTF arrests BBMP assistant engineer", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bangalore Metropolitan Task Force (BMTF) on Friday arrested a BBMP assistant engineer for alleged encroachment of a storm water drain. It involved the building of a public toilet, public library and a watchman's shed on the drain near Cambridge Road in Ulsoor.The engineer, Chandrashekar, has been booked under Section 192 (A) of the Karnataka Land Revenue Act- 1964 and Sections 409 and 447 read with 119 of the Indian Penal Code.\"The construction was against the BBMP undertaking to the Karnataka High Court to remove all encroachments on storm water drains in 2011. This was a BBMP construction, but an engineer has been arrested,\" said BBMP sources.In Jan. 2012, BMTF arrested Idiya Vendon, an executive engineer from Gandhinagar sub-division based on allegations of misappropriation in the laying of a road. He was later released on bail. This had led to BBMP engineers protesting against BMTF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16403146", "title": "CM welcomes FDI in retail for better goods, more jobs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Welcoming the Union government's decision to allow 51% FDI in multi-brand retail, chief minister Sheila Dikshit described it as a step forward and a positive move for Delhiites.The chief minister feels the decision will lead to less wastage of food and vegetables, better quality of goods and abundance of jobs.\"As of now about 35% to 40% of the food particularly vegetables get spoilt. But with FDI in multi-brand retail, things will show a marked improvement. I am certain we will manage to prevent wastage,\" Dikshit said.She went on to add that the decision also means better quality and a wider availability of goods allowing a choice in terms of rates and quality.On how FDI will impact the local vendors and the wholesale markets, Dikshit dismissed it saying, \"Those who will open these chains will also buy from our wholesale markets. Also, the farmers will be benefitted by FDI.\" Dikshit also sees the decision as a source of employment generation. \"We can now expect jobs galore to service these ventures,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16404069", "title": "Senior killing: None pursued assailants, motive unclear", "text": "MUMBAI: Navraj Kwatra is the second senior citizen to be murdered in the city within a week.On Friday, hearing screams from his ground-floor studio apartment in LIC Colony, some residents decided to look in from a rear window. As they moved to the rear of the building, two suspected assailants stepped out of the main entrance. A woman from the upper floor raised an alarm but nobody pursued the duo. In another stroke of misfortune for Kwatra, the closed-circuit cameras in the room where he was killed had not been switched on.On entering Kwatra's studio, the residents found him lying gagged and bound, and summoned the police. A gift-wrapped parcel was found in the studio, indicating that the assailants might have used it as a ruse to enter the house.\"We are probing whether Kwatra was acquainted with the two assailants,\" said a senior officer. \"Based on descriptions given by neighbours, identity sketches have been prepared. The motive isn't clear yet; a cupboard inside the studio was found lying open but we are yet to ascertain if anything was robbed. We are also probing whether Kwatra had a scrap with any of the models who came to the studio for shoots or if a financial dispute was the reason.\"Varsha Jani, who stays in the vicinity, told TOI that when they found Kwatra inside the studio, they were unsure whether to unbind him without checking with the cops. \"We then decided to take photographs, which could be shown later to the police,\" she said and added that the assailants left within ten minutes of entering the studio. The MHB Colony police are questioning several people, including Kwatra's domestic help and his assistant.Kwatra, also known as Shelly in Bollywood , lived in Andheri West while his wife is based in Delhi. He became a member of the Western India Film Producers' Association in 2005, and booked two titles for Hindi music albums \u2014 'Kaali Mooch' and 'Dil Chori' \u2014 in 2008.Dr Chandraprakash Dwivedi, who directed the film 'Pinjar' based on Amrita Pritam's book, has known the family for a long time. \"Kwatra shifted from Delhi some time ago,\" he said. \"He was basically an architect, and his interest was more in documentation. He was writing a lot and had a keen interest in children's stories.\" Kwatra had floated his own production company called Dissolving View Films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16404329", "title": "A bold insight into the October Coup, Circa 1948", "text": "Sixty four years ago on September 17, 1948, the state of Hyderabad ruled by the Nizams since 1724 ceased to exist. When last Nizam Mir Osman Ali Khan announced ceasefire and General J N Chaudhari marched into Hyderabad leading his men, Hyderabad state became part of the Indian Union and a new chapter began.The accounts of the events prior to September 1948 are painted in different hues by different historians, academics, politicians, bureaucrats, etc. Two basic points of views emerge __ one that vilifies the Nizam and his rule and the other which shows his governance in good light. There is hardly any incisive and balanced narrative of that era that is available. A new book, 'October Coup: A Memoir of the Struggle for Hyderabad' by Mohammed Hyder tries to fill that gap. Published by Lotus Roli, the book succeeds in presenting an almost unbiased view of the situation then.Mohammed Hyder was the collector of Osmanabad, one of the most volatile districts in Hyderabad state which is now in Maharashtra. Soon after the so-called Police Action or Operation Polo he, like many other Muslim civil servants, was arrested, tried and later acquitted by courts. His memoirs supported by documents were edited by his son Masood Hyder and has been published nearly 40 years after being written.Putting the state of Hyderabad in context he says, \"At the level of popular politics there was one overwhelming fact to be taken into account: Hyderabad was predominantly Hindu, with Muslims representing some 20 per cent of the population. From one perspective, its political arrangements were self-evidently undemocratic, with an autocratic Muslim ruler at the head of the system and a small, apparently reactionary Muslim ruling class dominating its administration and political life. From inside the system, the perception was entirely different. Hyderabad was viewed as a state blessed with a remarkably secular outlook, enjoying communal harmony, with a benign ruler concerned with the advancement of the poor and the protection of the oppressed; an excellent administration where recruitment was based on competition and advancement on merit; and a eclectic ruling elite, which included, besides Muslims and Hindus, Parsees and others who proudly assimilated into the distinctive culture of Hyderabad.\"The affairs of Hyderabad state were heavily influenced by external factors. Its borders had become insecure with raids into the territory by armed bands owing allegiance to certain political ideologies making the lives of the people miserable. In these circumstances emerged the Razakars, the volunteers, from the fold of the Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen led by Syed Qasim Razvi.It was created ostensibly to help the administration combat the threat on the borders. The author says: \"Even at its best, the Razakar was a ramshackle outfit, largely ineffective as a help to the government's law and order forces, but a propaganda gift to the Congress party and other critics of the Hyderabad regime...the Razakars gradually came to be seen as the private army of the Majlis, and the mouthpiece of the militant Islamic elements of the state.\"The writer believes that the near accord between the Indian government and the state of Hyderabad on the proposed Stand Still Agreement in October 1947 which was thwarted by Qasim Razvi forcefully but momentarily and signed later was the beginning of the end. He called it the October Coup.Mohammed Hyder presents the situation in Osmanabad as a case study which could be related to the gradual decline of the state's authority. His is a lucid account of an upright officer who wanted to protect the lives and properties of the people under his jurisdiction. For this herisked his life by challenging, among other forces, the unconstitutional power of the irregular army of the Pathans and others. During his days in Osmanabad, he also came to know how the raiders were being supported and sheltered across the border and the pathetic condition of the Nizam's army that his cronies were projecting as a match to the might of the Indian military.All his good work came to naught when he was suspended with effect from September 18. He was arrested on February 18, 1949 and charges were framed against him a year later. They included four cases of murders and three of dacoities. After three years in jail and trial by lower and high courts, all charges against him were dropped. His miseries did not end there. He was removed from service with effect from the day of his suspension.The story is long. It might not be of interest to a common reader, though a researcher or a student would like to go through it to understand how, when a government is overrun, an entire way of life is turned upside down. Boldly told, the story of Mohammed Hyder takes one into areas which hitherto have remained hidden from the public eye.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16404400", "title": "'Alert' Goa police go red in the face'", "text": "PANAJI: A routine day's work turned momentarily dramatic for chief minister Manohar Parrikar when Intelligence Bureau (IB) raised a false alarm of a massive explosion in Goa. The call saw Parrikar rush out of a BJP legislative party meeting at the assembly complex, and run towards his car that sped him towards the suspected explosion site. He returned within minutes on learning that the explosion was a hoax.The episode started around noon after director general of police (DGP) Kishan Kumar received a call from the Mumbai IB director informing him that 17 people had been killed in an explosion in a Vivanta property (there are five Vivanta properties in Goa), without mentioning the location.The information was immediately relayed to Parrikar, who dashed out of the meeting and without waiting for the lift, ran down the stairs to his office.The chief minister's police escort and pilot responded quickly to the situation and within seconds Parrikar had left the assembly complex. A group of ministers and MLAs immediately huddled outside the assembly complex awaiting news of the blast and saw the chief minister returning. A relieved Parrikar announced it was a hoax.Resuming the meeting he had abruptly run out of, Parrikar called the DGP to the assembly complex seeking an explanation.On being briefed by the DGP, Parrikar said, \"There was some intimation to DGP Kishan Kumar that there was an explosion in Goa with serious, important links. When we checked, we found it was just a threat after which we placed the police force on red alert.\" The presence of an American naval ship in Goa was one reason why the red alert was issued immediately, Parrikar said.Patrolling across the state was intensified and security beefed up at vital installations. Coastal security too was put on alert. Later in the evening the red alert was withdrawn. Kumar said, \"We are satisfied about the security, we have withdrawn the red alert in the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16402753", "title": "School revamp panel lays stress on quality, RTE", "text": "BANGALORE: The R Govinda committee which reviewed the school structure in Karnataka, said the merging of schools with single-digit strength is a matter of concern.The committee, which met on Friday, suggested a mapping exercise to identify schools because those with a minimum number of children may not be able to provide quality education.The panel, which recently recommended a landmark change in the school structure in Karnataka, urged the government to constitute an implementation committee.Headed by R Govinda, vice-chancellor of the National University of Educational Planning and Administration (NUEPA), New Delhi, the committee recommended upgrading primary education to Class 8 and merging pre-university education into schools. This was primarily because the Right to Education (RTE) mandates eight years of compulsory primary education. After the draft report was made public, the committee received 354 responses. At its meeting on Friday, the committee reviewed them and met the state authorities concerned.PU lecturers formed another major group that voiced dissent, as they fear their prospects may be affected. The committee promised to recommend that their interests be taken care of.\"The merging of PU into higher secondary schools will not happen at one shot. We've suggested different methods for different managements and setups. We'll recommend an implementation committee for logistical purposes. The advantage is that the dropout rate will come down drastically,\" the chairman of the committee said. Now, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra follow a similar system in the country.The committee also recommends training for faculty who have to teach Class 8 when schools get upgraded. \"The change may not affect students much. The state can probably look at curriculum reform in Class 8. Children might find it difficult if teachers are not prepared. The state should hasten their training,\" he added.The report is expected to be submitted by October-end.CLASS 10 EXAM WON'T DISAPPEAR\"We leave the option of the Class 10 exam open to the government. The exam will not disappear. It's about who conducts it. Many states have different methods. The government will take a call on it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16407865", "title": "Diesel price hike: Republican Party of India to launch protest", "text": "MUMBAI: Ramdas Athawale, National President, Republican Party of India(Athawale) said on Friday that his party will take to the streets demanding an immediate roll back on the diesel hike.RPI supporters took out a protest march as CST in the afternoon. Athawale also objected to the cap on the number of subsidised LPG cylinders and said that it was anti- poor.He further said that the Congress led UPA had failed to keep prices in check. He said that the latest decision will only fuel inflation further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16404841", "title": "KG Marg parking hits fresh hurdle", "text": "NEW DELHI: The KG Marg multilevel parking project, which has been waiting for the green signal from National Monuments Authority (NMA) for almost a year, has hit another hurdle. NMA had asked New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) and private concessionaire DS Constructions to commission a heritage impact assessment report due to the site's proximity to 13th-century Agrasen ki Baoli and recommended Intach Delhi chapter for the task. However, after Intach said no such report was required, NMA now wants to review the project.Intach has been entrusted with the task of preparing heritage bylaws by Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) for all protected monuments according to the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains (Amendment and Validation) Act 2010. \"The heritage bylaws will take into account the impact assessment report, so there is no need to commission a separate report. From our side, we have sent a proposal to ASI that we will prepare the heritage bylaws for all 174 monuments within a year, and we are preparing bylaws for monuments like Agrasen ki Baoli on priority . But it is up to ASI and NMA to notify the bylaws,\" said Intach convener A G K Menon.NMA member-secretary Praveen Srivastava said the project would be reviewed after the concessionaire comes back to the Authority with Intach's response. \"The 2010 Act mandates that all projects of over Rs 20 crore need to have an assessment report. This is a large project and has to be reviewed . NOCs have been granted to some projects on a case-by-case basis, but the only large public project approved was Northern Railway's bridge project after it got the assessment report cleared,\" said an official.The delay in NMA's approval , the private concessionaire claims, is adding to the cost of the project. NDMC had given the contract to DSC in December 2007. The work was put on hold following objections from ASI. \"After getting approval from all the agencies concerned, we had applied for approval from ASI in February 2010. Since then, we have been just waiting. From the height of the parking lot to its facade , we have incorporated all the suggestions made by ASI and NMA. This parking site is mentioned in Master Plan of Delhi 2021, then why delay the project?\" asked an NDMC official.Sources say the entire process is stuck in unnecessary bureaucratic hurdles. \"There are so many highrises in this area. This parking is not even visible from the main road. There is a need to simplify the procedure, so that private firms don't face any difficulty in taking up project on built-operate-transfer ( BOT) basis,'' said an official with DS Constructions.Those who work at KG Marg, too, want the work to start soon. \"Ever since the site was dug up for the project, parking has been a serious problem in the area. We have to park in CP and other neighbouring areas and walk all the way to our office. The government should expedite the work,\" said Rajeev Shekhar, a professional.The site at KG Marg is one of the three areas identified for multilevel parking projects under the master plan, which came into effect in February 2007 in NDMC areas. Before the site was dug up two years ago, it served as a makeshift parking. With the project yet to take off, office-goers in the area are running out of patience.Times ViewIt is absurd that a much needed infrastructure project like the proposed multilevel parking should be stuck in red tape almost five years after it was officially sanctioned. On the face of it, the argument that the parking lot could pose a threat to the 13th-century baoli seems stretched. It is not as if it is in the immediate vicinity of the monument or that the area around the monument is currently not built up. On the contrary, the area is full of multi-storeyed buildings which have been there for decades. How would one more building several hundred metres away from the monument pose such a grave threat?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16405300", "title": "Tourism dept trains guides for Kumbh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Don't worry if you're planning to be a part of the Mahakumbh but are unfamiliar with customs and geography of the region or historical relevance of the mega event. By the time you visit, the tourism department would have trained 250 young, smart and soft-spoken volunteers to help you get around and answer all your queries pertaining to Sangam city and the Mahakumbh.The department is gearing up to receive crores of visitors, including about 60,000 tourists from foreign countries with the Mahakumbh commencing on January 14, 2013. The guides being trained would be granted a year's license for Allahabad city by the department, which may later be renewed.Tourism Information Officer (Institute of Tourism Management, Lucknow), Vishal Srivastava told TOI that the training is being imparted to five batches of 50 guides each. He said the first batch has already been trained between August 27 and September 2, and training for the second batch is underway. The third, fourth and fifth batch would be imparted training between September 24 and November 3.Srivastava said the guides are being groomed with respect to their body language and communication skills so that they leave a lasting impression on the visitors.They are also being taught about the tourism industry and guiding skills. Most importantly, they are being briefed about Allahabad as well as places of interest, culture, craft, and tradition in the city apart from the Kumbh and Sangam traditions. Guides are also being trained in providing first aid.\"If a guide knows a foreign language, it would be an added advantage for him as he can serve a wider audience,\" said Srivastava, adding, \"Apart from the guides, the department would also train policemen, home-guards, porters and vendors and in view of Mahakumbh.\"Sources said the tourism department has a set the target of imparting training to about 4,300 people who would directly be interacting with or facilitating tourists during the Mahakumbh.Officials told TOI that the training is being imparted under a State assisted programme called \"Hunar par Rozgar\" and is basically a skill development exercise. The programme is meant for people with limited means of learning who need to acquire skills for employment.KumbhDone aliKapil Dixit | tnnAllahabad: Don't worry if you're planning to be a part of the Mahakumbh but are unfamiliar with customs and geography of the region or historical relevance of the mega event. By the time you visit, the tourism department would have trained 250 young, smart and soft-spoken volunteers to help you get around and answer all your queries pertaining to Sangam city and the Mahakumbh.The department is gearing up to receive crores of visitors, including about 60,000 tourists from foreign countries with the Mahakumbh commencing on January 14, 2013. The guides being trained would be granted a year's license for Allahabad city by the department, which may later be renewed.Tourism Information Officer (Institute of Tourism Management, Lucknow), Vishal Srivastava told TOI that the training is being imparted to five batches of 50 guides each. He said the first batch has already been trained between August 27 and September 2, and training for the second batch is underway. The third, fourth and fifth batch would be imparted training between September 24 and November 3.Srivastava said the guides are being groomed with respect to their body language and communication skills so that they leave a lasting impression on the visitors.They are also being taught about the tourism industry and guiding skills. Most importantly, they are being briefed about Allahabad as well as places of interest, culture, craft, and tradition in the city apart from the Kumbh and Sangam traditions. Guides are also being trained in providing first aid.\"If a guide knows a foreign language, it would be an added advantage for him as he can serve a wider audience,\" said Srivastava, adding, \"Apart from the guides, the department would also train policemen, home-guards, porters and vendors and in view of Mahakumbh.\"Sources said the tourism department has a set the target of imparting training to about 4,300 people who would directly be interacting with or facilitating tourists during the Mahakumbh.Officials told TOI that the training is being imparted under a State assisted programme called \"Hunar par Rozgar\" and is basically a skill development exercise. The programme is meant for people with limited means of learning who need to acquire skills for employment.Similar Story FoldersRelated ItemsStory Folder Log 14-09-2012 20:13 The package '13alt-guides.txt' has been sent to TOI Online 14-09-2012 20:13 The package \"13alt-guides.txt TOI Online 14-09-2012 India\" has been created and confirmed for production. 14-09-2012 19:25 The package \"13alt-guides.txt 2 TOILucknowBS 15-09-2012 Varanasi/1 - City TOIVAR02 \" has been created. 14-09-2012 18:54 The package \"13alt-guides.txt TOILucknowBS 15-09-2012 TOI_Allahabad/1 - City TOIALH02 \" has been created. 13-09-2012 19:01 The planning date has been set to 14-09-2012. 13-09-2012 17:13 The text item '13alt-guides.txt' has changed state to 'Fulfilled'. 13-09-2012 17:13 Story folder \"13alt-guides.txt\" has been created.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16404872", "title": "All India Radio\u2019s \u2018censorship\u2019 ticks off former diplomat Vivek Katju", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former diplomat Vivek Katju on Friday shot off a protest letter to Prasar Bharati expressing deep disappointment at \"censorship'' practiced in the public broadcaster after his remarks on the desirability of PM Manmohan Singh's proposed visit to Pakistan were edited out.When asked in a radio interview if the PM should visit Pakistan, Katju had responded in the negative reasoning that there had been no satisfactory action by Islamabad against the 26/11 attacks accused. But when the recorded interview was aired, this portion was missing.Prasar Bharati has ordered an inquiry to fix responsibility of the goof-up. Katju had been invited for a discussion on Indo-Pak relations on All India Radio (AIR)'s weekly programme \"Charcha'' on September 12. Among other issues, the host had also sought Katju's opinion on the recently signed visa agreement and trade ties. One of the last questions was if the PM should visit Pakistan to which Katju had said, \"No, I don't think the PM should visit Pakistan till we are satisfied with the action taken by Pakistan on terrorism.''Katju told TOI, \"I felt that this would send a wrong signal to the country and the international community. But these comments were missing from the broadcast on Wednesday night. This is virtual censorship. You can't block out people's opinion. To edit relevant portions of an interview projects a different view of what the person has said.''In his letter Katju said, \"The answer was edited in a manner which can only be interpreted as censorship. This leads me to conclude that AIR's policy, perhaps not on paper but indicated verbally to its editors, is to deny the straight broadcast of a view which is or can be interpreted as contrary to government's, especially, Prime Minister's desire\".Prasar Bharati CEO Jawhar Sircar said that he has asked for a report from AIR officials. \"This should not have happened. Mr Katju is entitled to his view. I have asked for responsibility to be fixed,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16406979", "title": "Ek Tha Tiger's fresh bout of trouble", "text": "Seems like trouble for \" Ek Tha Tiger\" will never end. In a fresh bour, writer Anand Panda has lodged a police complaint at the Amboli Police Station in Mumbai against Producer Aditya Chopra, writer Neelsh Misra, co-writer and director Kabir Khan alleging that they havecopied his script and made \"ETT\" and neither given him credit nor compensation for it.On the basis of Panda's claims the police have registered an FIR against producer Aditya Chopra and director Kabir Khan. It may be noted that Panda has lodged the complaint via the Film Writer'sAssociation (FWA).Telling the details of his complaint Panda said that he had approachedthe production house with his script sometime in 2011, but they seemed least interested and returned the script to him. However, after therelease of \"Ek Tha Tiger\", Panda realised that the film was very similar to script that he had shown to them.It was then he reported the matter to the Film Writer`s Association(FWA) who took up Panda's case and then Panda lodged the case. Anappeal has been prepared in the Mumbai High Court where the case is being heard. If Panda's allegations are proved to be true then bothAditya Chopra and Kabir Khan may face a jail term.Reacting to this news was writer Neelesh Misra who hit out vehementlyand wrote on his social networking site account, \"Some so-called writer has gone to court saying Kabir Khan and I stole his idea for\" Ek Tha Tiger \". I don't use foul language in public or private so let me just say this politely: we haven't worked sincerely and honestly in our careers for more than 20 years to have our integrity questioned like this. We started work on the film in OCTOBER 2009 (I have emails to prove it). He apparently claims he registered his work in March 2011. Nothing more to add. I dare him to prove it because otherwise I am going to sue him for damages till kingdom come.\"Later talking to us Misra said it was unfortunate that a co-writer and person of the same fraternity was levelling such allegations. \"Our script was registered in March 2011, and by November 2009 Kabir and I had a detailed structure of the script ready. We had already narrated the film to Salman Khan by March 2010. What is this guy talking? It's disturbing to see your creative integrity questioned. It's actually becoming a money-making exercise. Imagine going to the Bombay High Court and lodging an FIR? Also it's very sad at the level of the Writer's Association which never got back to us and asked for our point of view. It's unfortunate and raises larger questions about the intellectual property rights in India. I am so upset with this and I will definitely bring this guy to apologise to us all and also file a criminal case against him along with a defamation suit,\" says Misra.On being asked for his reaction Director Kabir Khan had to say this, \"It's a ridiculous case reeking of hunger for free publicity which unfortunately our media very readily gives these nut cases without verification of facts. This man says that he had registered and submitted his script to the production house in March 2011... and I had already narrated the \" Ek Tha Tiger \" script to Salman in February.Salman and Katrina had already been signed by the production hous before this man claims he gave his so called script to them. Moreover there are dozens of emails exchanged between Neelesh and me to show that we had started writing this script in 2009... more than a year before this joker claims he came to the producers. I can understand this mans frustration at not being able to sell his script to anyone but that does not give him the right to cast aspersions on others creative integrity. This guy better be prepared with all his facts because I'm coming after him in a big way. I'm going to sue him till Kingdom come.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16404945", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi festival: 5,000 students to assist cops during the festival", "text": "PUNE: As many as 5,000 college students who are part of the National Service Scheme (NSS) have been trained to assist the city police during the 10-day Ganesh festival starting from September 19.The eight-day training camp held between September 5 and 13 was conducted by the Pune police jointly with the University of Pune. The participants were trained at the police headquarters in Shivajinagar.Addressing the youths at the valedictory function, commissioner of police Gulabrao Pol said, \"Corporators will be designated as special officers to assist the police in their respective wards. Social workers, volunteers as well as retired army and police officials will also be deployed during the festival.\"Speaking to TOI,Pol told TOI, \"The objective of the training is to narrow the gap between the police and citizens. The basic training programme was divided into small modules and was conducted by experts, like retired army officials. The students were trained in batches of 500 to 700 for a period of eight days. The youths have also been trained to deal with terrorist attacks and are prepared to act and foil attempts of miscreants.\"Bhanupratap Barge, senior inspector, social security branch of the crime branch, said, \"We imparted basic training about security. We have asked the students to maintain a register of the people residing in their society or chawl and to also list the registration numbers of their vehicles. They have also been trained to be alert and stay observant at all times. They have especially been told to watch out for anti-social activities on society premises and compounds and the presence of suspicious objects and vehicles. The students have been instructed to prevent the spreading of rumours.\"\"The students were told about the special behavioural aspects of terrorists and have been taught to help identify suspects. For example, terror suspects usually do not argue, refuse alcohol, will not get involved in fights and avoid socialising,\" Barge said.\"First aid techniques, civil defence and crisis management in case of accidents and disasters have also been taught during the training period. The student volunteers will be working in shifts - girls will work from 6 pm to 9 pm, while the boys will work till midnight,\" he added.Rajendra Bhamare, assistant commissioner of police (traffic), said, \"Sessions on self-defence were conducted during the training. The volunteers will be deployed at 32 major locations and will be predominantly present in areas under the jurisdiction of Faraskhana, Vishrambaug, Khadak and Samarth police stations and other sensitive areas. Their main work is to assist the police, hence they have not been assigned any independent duty. These students will be attired in red T-shirts and will wear blue caps. They will carry a whistle as well as identity cards.\"Tushar Mudage, a commerce student of H V Desai college, said, \"We were trained in accident and disaster management as well as to observe the body language and behaviour of suspicious people.\"Rebecca Fernandes, a student of Vidya Bhavan college, said, \"We learnt a lot during our training, where different social issues and subjects were covered. We also saw demonstrations of the equipment used by the bomb detection and disposal squad and the primary treatment given to accident victims.\"Ruturaj Kulkarni, a student of std XII of Modern college, said, \"This is an opportunity to contribute to the society and I wish to continue helping the police even after the Ganesh festival.\"Anand Garware, a student of Garware college, said, \"During the training, we realised the problems and difficulties that the police face while on duty.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16404838", "title": "MANIT to launch knowledge mission soon", "text": "BHOPAL: With the objective of reaching out to large number of students in far flung areas, Directorate Technical Education (DTE) in association with Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) will launch 'knowledge mission' in the technical institutions across the state by the year-end.When contacted, MANIT director Dr Appu Kuttan said the objective of 'knowledge mission' is to make available important lecture material to students in the remote area. \"Currently, few students have the opportunity to attend classes in big institutions. Knowledge mission will provide opportunity to all,\" Dr Kuttan said.Talking about the knowledge mission, Dr Kuttan said important lectures will be recorded under the scheme. \"Lecture modules will be formed. These lecture modules will be uploaded on the website. Besides, these modules will be shown through projectors to teach students,\" Dr Kuttan said. The lectures will cover all engineering disciplines. Dr Kuttan recently met the DTE authorities to chalk out the plan for the knowledge mission.To implement the knowledge mission, virtual class rooms and laboratories will be created in colleges. \"Virtual classroom provides complete freedom of learning. The two-way live audio-video delivery, synchronous content sharing such as PowerPoint (retains animations and transitions), recording of all sessions to be played back in flash format are the part of virtual classrooms,\" Dr Kuttan said.Dr Kuttan will be meeting next week with the DTE authorities to finalise the knowledge mission scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16404839", "title": "Students travelling in goods vehicle injured", "text": "MYSORE: The students of Govt High School, who took a private goods vehicle to reach their school, were severely injured after the vehicle toppled at Vaddaragudi in HD Kote taluk here on Friday.Police said 14 students of the HD Kote-based school sustained injuries after the vehicle overturned at 8.45am. The incident occurred when the four-wheeler driver tried to overtake a two-wheeler and lost control over the vehicle.The vehicle, packed with over 20 passengers, was heading from Chikkere village when the incident took place. The students are being treated in KR Hospital. SSLC student Mahadevamma, 13, is being treated for her severed thumb at JSS Hospital.HD Kote police have arrested the four-wheeler driver and registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16402946", "title": "Life term for man who killed wife over illicit affair", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced a man to life imprisonment for killing his wife as he suspected her of having an illicit relationship with a neighbour.Additional sessions judge Virender Bhat also imposed a fine of Rs 25,000 on 31-year-old Karamveer, a father of two, saying that the prosecution has established his presence at the crime scene.\"Since Karamveer provided no explanation on how the murder took place, the logical conclusion is that he himself murdered his wife Anju,\" the court said.Public prosecutor Aditya Chauhan, who sought death sentence for the man, had told the court that he killed his wife on June 22, 2010, at her matrimonial home after coming to know of the relationship. Karamveer had called the cops and confessed to the murder. He said he had strangled his wife to death over a quarrel. However, the counsel for Karamveer had sought a lenient view saying there is nobody to look after his two minor children.\"The schoolgoing children have already lost one of their parents,\" the counsel said, adding that Karamveer committed the offence in a fit of anger without any premeditation.\"In my opinion the present case does not fit in the category of rarest of rare cases, which warrants death sentence. The suitable sentence for the convict would be life imprisonment,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16405295", "title": "Konkan region leads in scheme", "text": "NASHIK: In the third year of its 'Eco-Village' scheme, the Konkan division leads the state in its third year since the 'Eco-Village' scheme was implemented is the leader in the state for in implementing the eco-village schemes that include building toilet blocks and is closely followed by the Kolhapur and other divisions closely follow the Konkan division.Minister for rural development, Jayant Patil, during his visit to Nashik said, \"The 'Eco-Village' scheme started in 2010-11 has huge potential of transforming villages. The Konkan division is leading in the state with about 90% villages in rural areas having the toilet blocks. The picture in the rest of the state is following suit encouraging but it will still take time before targets are achieved.\"In the state, of the 28,000 villages, 9,500 villages which had cleared the second stage last year would be attempting to clear the third stage to achieve the status of 'Eco-village', while 12,200 villages which had cleared first stage would be taking a go at the second stage this year.Of the 2,075 villages from Nashik division that cleared the first stage, only 546 villages cleared the second stage and are attempting to get to the third stage to get the title wherein villages - classified on the strength of population - are given incentives from Rs 2 lakh to Rs 10 lakh for the year that they clear the stages.Patil said that one the major reasons for the drop in the number of villages qualifying to the second stage as compared to the first stage is the biggest hurdle proved to be the construction of toilet blocks - private as well as the public ones- in bigger villages. The officers are making efforts to ensure the conversion factor remains stable, the minister said.On the issues plaguing the central government's ambitious Bharat Nirman schemes, the minister said that the village-level committee itself was the direct executing authority for the benefits of the schemes and that there was no monitoring from the zilla parishad level. \"There are now measures to monitor the same from ZP levels and that should help in effective transformation of the schemes which promise drinking water and sanitation,\" the minister said.When asked about the rising inflation and the hike in diesel prices and restriction on domestic LPG cylinders, the minister said, \"The new scenario will definitely hit hard the people with the limited income.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16405656", "title": "Chandragupta Institute of Management Patna hosts musical evening", "text": "PATNA: Music maestro Salil Bhatt's 'Ragdari' and 'Laykari' on 'satvik veena' charmed the audience at Chandragupta Institute of Management Patna (CIMP) on Friday. He was accompanied by Prithviraj Mishra on tabla. V Mukund Das, director, CIMP felicitated the artistes. The event was organized by SPIC MACAY.Centenary celebration: The 100 years of state government's first madrasa, the Islamia Shamul Hoda, will be celebrated in November. A decision to this effect was taken at a meeting on Friday. The three-day celebration will include national level seminar, alumni meet and teachers-students meet, said the principal, Mohammad Qasim. Principal secretary, home, Amir Subhani, who was the chief guest at the meeting, expressed happiness over the madrasa's centenary celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16402926", "title": "DUSU polls: Delhi University sees record turnout in 5 years, result today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University Students' Union (DUSU) polls ended on a peaceful note on Friday, recording a voter turnout of around 35% - the highest in the last five years. Though 40 Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) members and 12 National Students' Union of India ( NSUI) activists were taken into preventive detention, they were released later. Poll results will be declared on Saturday. Undeterred by the rain, students turned up in large numbers to cast their vote.Security was stepped up at North and South campuses and Chhatra Marg remained out of bounds for outsiders for most part of the day. All entry and exit points at North Campus were barricaded. While colleges like Kirori Mal, Hindu and Hans Raj witnessed long queues, DU officials said more voters showed up at off-campus colleges. However, the turnout was unusually low at the Law Faculty.Around 20% polling took place till 11.30am; it picked up in the last hour. Senior Congress leader Oscar Fernandes paid a visit to North Campus around 10.30am. No sooner did his car reach near the Arts Faculty, ABVP state secretary Rohit Chahal and other activists started sloganeering, which made the Congress leader leave. Hopeful of victory, ABVP activists said the diesel hike is likely to dampen the chances of NSUI-backed candidates. With DU authorities confiscating identity cards of students found distributing printed canvassing material, activists were seen campaigning outside the Vishwavidyalaya Metro Station.While election frenzy was at its peak in North Campus, the excitement was missing at South Campus. The streets were dotted with ballot numbers and posters of candidates as those engaged in last-minute campaigning were intercepted on their way to colleges.Gunjan Negi, a second-year mathematics (honours) student at Venkateswara College, had come with her mind made up. \" I will vote for a new candidate from a new party. Traditional parties have always been voted for and they have done no work the entire year. In fact, I see activists only once a year, during elections,\" she said. Christiana, a first-year student of English (honours) at Atma Ram Sanatan Dharma College, seemed to agree. \"I will vote for the candidate with the least political backing,\" she said.While polling was held smoothly in most colleges, a minor glitch was reported at Ram Lal Anand College (morning). A malfunctioning EVM machine stalled the process for 15 minutes but officials said the problem was rectified soon. Colleges affiliated to DU held individual polls with Bhagini Nivedita College witnessing a tie for the post of president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16404196", "title": "Two unnatural deaths at Ponda", "text": "PANAJI: The Ponda police have registered two unnatural deaths on Friday. The police retrieved two bodies from two different places. Ramzan (full name not known), around 45 year old, was found dead in his rented room at Usgao, while the body of an unknown middle-aged man was found floating in River Zuari at Shiroda. Ramzan worked for a mining company and was an alcoholic, police said.Male body found at Cavelossim: The Colva police on Friday night recovered the body of an unknown person from the Cavelossim beach. Police suspect it to be the body of Ganapati Ambig, who was pushed into the river by his coworker on Friday night following a dispute.Marcela man held for dumping waste: The Ponda police arrested Ankush Naik, 45, from Marcela, for dumping non-biodegradable waste like thermacol at Betki in Ponda taluka on Thursday. Sources said locals nabbed Naik and handed him over to the police, after he was caught red-handed while dumped a huge quantity of thermacol pieces early Thursday morning. He was later released on bail.Salcete SDM warns warring factions: Deputy collector and SDM Dasharath Redkar on Friday called a meeting of both the warring factions that had created trouble during the general body meeting of the Jamia Masjid, Malbhat-Margao last week, and warned them against making any attempts at creating a law and order problem. The SDM's intervention comes ahead of the meeting scheduled to be held on Sunday over electing a new committee of the masjid. Speaking to TOI, Redkar said that members of both the rival groups have been told to sign bonds of good behaviour to ensure no breach of peace.'Consult us before finalizing Margao traffic plan': Criticising the transport department for failing to address their grievances, the All Goa Private Bus Owners Association have urged the South Goa district administration to take it into confidence before finalizing a traffic management plan for Margao. The association's president, Shailendra Phaldessai, urged the transport department to ensure there are better facilities at all bus depots.HJS gets court nod to immerse idols: Four months after several Ganesh idols were found dumped by the roadside in Margao and seized by the Margao town police, the Hindu Janagaruti Samiti (HJS) has succeeded in getting permissions from the judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) to take possession of the idols and immerse them on Saturday. \"On April 4, HJS wrote to the police and asked for the clay idols for immersion according to Hindu religious rituals,\" said Manoj Solanki, HJS state convenor while addressing mediapersons on Friday. HJS has planned the immersion on Saturday starting with a procession that will being at 4 pm. The procession will proceed to Navelim and the immersion will take place in River Sal.Engineers to meet: The Institution of Engineers (India), Goa state centre, will be celebrating Engineers Day at a function to be held on September 15, at 6pm, at the convention hall of Hotel Mandovi, Panaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16405394", "title": "Sindhu shocks Olympic champ", "text": "HYDERABAD: Her exploits against Chinese shuttlers have earned Saina Nehwal the nickname of 'Dragon Slayer'. On Friday, another shuttler from Saina's own city joined in the act.For some time now, Pusarla Venkata Sindhu has been talked about as Saina's successor. On Friday, as thousands of Chinese fans watched in stunned silence, the 17-year-old took a giant leap towards confirming that status with an incredible victory over newly-crowned Olympic champion Li Xuerui, 21-19, 9-21, 21-16, in the quarterfinals of the China Masters Super Series in Changzhou on Friday.With the three-game triumph against China's most consistent player of the year, Sindhu proved she is the next best thing for Indian badminton. \"I am extremely delighted. Though I wanted to beat her I never thought I could do it. She is in great form this year and beating her is just amazing. I began well in the third game and succeeded in maintaining that momentum,\" Sindhu said.Notwithstanding the biggest win of her career, Sindhu has no plans to celebrate. \"I have a match on Saturday. I know the occasion demands celebration but my concentration is only on my next match,\" said Sindhu, who reached her first Super Series semifinal. Sindhu will now meet fourth seed Jiang Yanjiao of China in the semifinal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16407761", "title": "Science Express Biodiversity Special at CST from September 19", "text": "MUMBAI: For those keen to take lessons on the country' s biodiversity, here's an ideal opportunity. From September 16 to September 19, the Science Express Biodiversity Special, which is a special 16- car air conditioned train which displays exhibits on the country's biodiversity, will be stationed at CST.An official press communication issued on Friday said that the exhibits will be on public display between 10 am to 5 pm on these days. The exhibition is free of cost and open for all age groups. Eight out of the 16 rakes contain exhibits collected from North to the South. Another one contain exhibits on energy conservation.There is also a dedicated rake for experiments carried out by students with water as the theme. The Express train has so far travelled over 68000 kilometre and has halted at 220 places. Over 63 lakh citizens have so far attended the exhibition. It is jointly organized by the environment and the science ministry. For more details log into www.scienceexpress.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16402985", "title": "At Patil\u2019s meet, ex-DGPs flay state govt over \u2018interference\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A week after PM Manmohan Singh's stringent criticism over the failure of law enforcing agencies to halt stepped-up naxal and terror violence as well as inept handling of the August 11 situation, embattled home minister R R Patil on Wednesday sought advice from retired DGPs on measures to be taken to enhance the morale of the police force, bring in more professionalism, tackle the deteriorating law and order situation and above all, steps to be taken to end groupism in the IPS.It appeared that Patil was at the receiving end when most vocal former DGPs, J F Ribeiro, Arvind Inamdar, A N Roy and former Mumbai police commissioner M N Singh expressed their strong displeasure over the inept handling of the August 11 situation and rampant political interference in the police administration. \"It's a shame on the Mumbai police, which never let us down on the law and order front. The police completely surrendered before the anti-social elements. Despite specific intelligence inputs, we miserably failed to take on the miscreants. A senior IPS officer shared a platform with the demonstrators, while another almost ran away from the spot. The home minister must take erring officers to task. We feel that R R Patil is soft on such IPS officials,\" a former DGP told the meeting.Another ex-DGP came down heavily on the state over rampant political interference in day-to-day police administration. \"We expect DGPs to deliver, but they have absolutely no powers. Under such circumstances, it was wrong on the part of the home department to expect better performance from the DGP. Now the state has withdrawn the powers of the DGP to transfer subordinates. It's high time such political interference in the administration is stopped,\" he said.\"Patil is a good home minister but lacks courage to take on high-ranking erring IPS officials,\" the former DGP added. Another took up the cause of the 1.5 lakh police constables in the state and sixth pay commission recommendations, which he felt did great injustice to law enforcement agencies. Embattled home minister R R Patil on Wednesday sought advice from retired DGPs on measures to be taken to enhance the morale of the police force.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16404532", "title": "SC quashes Allahabad HC\u2019s gag order on media", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday quashed a five-month-old Allahabad high court order gagging print and electronic media from reporting the controversy related to alleged movement of Army units towards Delhi on January 16 which reports claimed had \"spooked\" the government.Allowing an appeal filed by the Press Council of India (PCI), a bench of Justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad found merit in senior advocate P P Rao's argument that the high court was wrong in passing the gag order without issuing notice to affected media parties and giving a relief which was not even sought by the writ petitioners.Rao said, \"It is a permanent ban on reporting. This could not be done by the HC considering the recent constitution bench judgment of the Supreme Court, which ruled that only a temporary deferment of reporting can be ordered only when the reporting appeared to prejudice fair trial.\"The bench asked additional solicitor general Indira Jaising about the Union government's stand on the HC's ban order. Though the government had denied the inference drawn by media on the alleged January 16 troop movement from Agra towards Delhi, Jaising said, \"The Union government does not support the gag order.\"Immediately after the Centre clarified its stand, the bench dictated the order allowing the petition and setting aside the HC order of April 10. This is the first time PCI has moved the SC for protection of press freedom. The HC, while dismissing a PIL on April 10, had directed the Union home secretary, information &amp; broadcasting secretary and UP home secretary \"to ensure that there was no reporting/release of any news item by the print as well as electronic media relating to the subject matter, namely, the movement of troops as contained in the news item\".The PCI extracted the detailed order of its chairman Markandey Katju in its special leave petition and said, \"Due to the said ban, the discharge of the legitimate functions of the fourth estate will be jeopardized in as much as their hands will be tied, leading to violation of their fundamental right of freedom of speech and expression.\"In its appeal filed through advocate Manju Sharma, PCI had said, \"Indian Army is not a colonial army but the army of the Indian people who pay taxes which meet the entire defence budget, including salaries, cost of weapons, equipment, etc. Hence, people have a right to know about the activities of the Indian Army except where it compromises national security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16402988", "title": "No relief for Iranian duo in cheating case", "text": "MUMBAI: An Iranian couple facing trial in a cheating case got no relief from the Bombay HC on their petition challenging restriction of their movements and that of their kin within Greater Mumbai limits.A division bench of the HC heard a petition filed by Reza Saboonchi (62) and wife Simeen (54) challenging a June 7 order by the foreign regional registration officer which also put restrictions on their employment.The couple contended that though they held frequently updated Iranian passports, they were settled with their family in the city. The judges said considering the admitted position that their nationality is Iranian, the petitioners can't claim rights guaranteed to Indian citizens and relief contrary to their visa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407116", "title": "I\u2019d never said that I\u2019ll not do Kakababu: Prosenjit Chatterjee", "text": "First Iceland. Then Singapore. He has been living out of his suitcase for a while now, but nothing can stifle his spirit. There's a chock-a-block diary, films to be done here, commitments to be kept in Mumbai. Add to that the umpteen photoshoots that he says have left him quite tired.\"There was a time when I would wait for my picture to come out in a magazine. But no one printed any,\" he rues, sitting at his Ballygunge residence. But times have changed \u2014 and he has too, he says. After all, he is Prosenjit Chatterjee. He is the industry. Excerpts:On Teachers' Day, seven Class IV students were beaten up by the vice-principal at a missionary school in Kolkata. At a time when the education system is under the scanner, are you trying to convey a social message through Hanuman.com? There's no social message. The film deals with the invasion of technology in the education system. Computer is penetrating into newer areas. While life is made easy, there are complications too. Computer er ashata khanikta sotiner moto \u2014 the coming of the other woman. In Hanuman.com, the teacher from Malda, who had so far not even been to Kolkata, travels to the end of the world. Which is why the need to shoot in Iceland. He is seen standing on the tip of a glacier and crying. The character is called Anjani Putra, and, therefore, the film is called Hanuman.com. The man, who wakes up in the morning, reads Hanuman Chalisa and goes to take a bath, slowly turns into a hero. There's no heroism about him though. There are thriller elements in the film that also explores the love of a middle-aged man. From Basirhat to Reykjavik, there's a connect. What I found interesting is that four women play important roles in his life \u2014 his wife, the girl he finds in the virtual world, a 13-year-old hacker and an unborn daughter. This teenager is played by Gaurav Pandey's daughter, Saloni. Her mom is a German and I must admit that she has done a brilliant job. Iceland is not just a location in the film, I would call Hanuman.com an Icelandic Bangla film.Hanuman.com has to its credit many firsts. First time you're working with Gaurav Pandey. First time a Bengali film has been shot in Iceland. First time a popular German actor like Claudia Mehnert acts in a Bengali film. Senorita singer Maria del Mar Fernandez is expected to sing a number in the film for the first time. But detractors keep saying that the golden era of Bengali films is over... When Anjan Choudhury was working in Tollywood, that was the golden era. When Satyajit-Ritwik-Mrinal churned out one great film after another, that was the golden era. When Swapan Saha did his best to save Tollywood from sinking, that was the golden era. Yes, for nearly a decade, there was a lull when there was no balance between sensibility and commercialism. But in the last five years, that has changed. Now, Goutam Ghose, Rituparno Ghosh , Aparna Sen and Buddhadeb Dasgupta are working together in an industry. For me, this too is a golden era. A mra jerokom golden voice chhilo bolte bhalobashi, sei rokomi golden era chhilo bolte bhalobashi. When we hear the '60s classics, we say, 'Oi samay ta ja hoto na!' We love saying that. But like spring visits us, the golden era too has visited us many a time. Whenever I'm flying, I feel the vibe. There's tremendous buzz not just for me \u2014 Brand Prosenjit is nothing new \u2014 but Brand Bengal. This is not gold, but a platinum era.We've heard that you even carried lights around in Iceland... I had to. It's the costliest place in the world. The hairdressers, costume designers, who all happen to be women, too would carry equipment. Even our driver would do that. We all faced the odds together. Once I remember the locals had warned us against opening the car door. But someone did. And before I could blink my eyes, there the door was... flying away in the distance like an umbrella because of the fierce wind.Iceland keeps hitting the headlines for volcanic eruptions. Ever felt the jitters? There's never saying no to work. As an actor, I am a very important part of the unit. Others draw inspiration from me. How can I give up in the face of adversities? Even if I'm scared, there's no way I can show it.Superstars, we thought, were above emotions like fear, rivalry, anguish... As I said, if I'm scared, I can't show it. The same holds true for anger. There was a time when people would refer to me as an angry, young man. I would get angry easily and yes, I was young. I've mellowed with time. My family my wife my friends say that's a thing to learn from me. I'm often asked, 'We get irritated, how do you manage to keep your cool?'. Boyesher sathe sathe irritation barey, but I've somehow managed to handle it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16405264", "title": "Didi sets 72-hour deadline for FDI, diesel rollback", "text": "KOLKATA: Within hours of the Union Cabinet giving the go-ahead to FDI in multi-brand retail and aviation on Friday, a furious Mamata Banerjee threatened the UPA that she would be forced to take \"hard decision\" and served a 72-hour deadline to the ruling alliance to reconsider its moves on FDI and diesel price hike.The chief minister has called an emergency meeting of the party parliamentary committee in Kolkata on September 18. She will herself hit the streets on Saturday to protest against the UPA's decisions.The Trinamool Congress had earlier conveyed its opposition to these reforms measures though railway minister Mukul Roy did not attend Friday's meeting of the Cabinet finance committee because he had to be in Kolkata for President Pranab Mukherjee's first visit to the city after moving into Rashtrapati Bhavan.Roy said the party won't settle for anything short of a rollback on both FDI and diesel price hike. \"We have not been consulted nor told of these cabinet decisions,\" he told TOI. The railway minister has communicated his party's stand to Congress president Sonia Gandhi's political secretary Ahmed Patel over phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16405340", "title": "Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University files FIR on altered marksheets", "text": "NASHIK: The Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University (YCMOU) has filed an FIR at the Nashik taluka police station against Lalit Mahalle, DU coordinator of Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Ltd (MKCL) on September 11 2012, over allegedly altering the marks of 55 students who had appeared for BA/B Com and MBA examinations in the last academic year. A female student who had appeared for her exams in May 2011 in the BA/B Com category had sent an application for verification of marks on September 2 that year. After discrepancies were noticed in her marksheetby some staff of the university, YCMOU found that marks had been increased by the private agency developing the software. Marks were being allegedly fed into the system.On September 9, 2011, the university filed a police complaint at the Nashik taluka police Station against an unknown person for tampering with the marks in the marksheet.YCMOU set up an inquiry panel which further discovered that the marks of 46 students under the BA/B Com category and nine students in the MBA course, had been increased. Following this discovery, the university filed an FIR against Mahalle as, according to them, he had been responsible for the tampering.\"YCMOU gave the contract for developing software and for marks' data entry to MKCL. Changes can be made in marks up to one month after results are declared. The result for the exams held in May are declared in June-July. Those who want to apply for verification or duplication can do so in a month's time but in this case, changes in marks were made in September,\" YCMOU authorities said.They said that during the inquiry they found Mahalle, who is in charge of feeding the marks, responsible for the tampering and therefore filed the FIR.The university will take the necessary action following the police investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16402990", "title": "CM junks rumours of Delhi shift", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as CM Prithviraj Chavan ruled out the possibility of him shifting to New Delhi and industries minister Narayan Rane insisted that his meeting with Congress president Sonia Gandhi was a courtesy call, speculations were rife in the national capital and state political circles that the erstwhile firebrand Shiv Sena leader was pressing for a change in state leadership.\"It was a courtesy call. There were no political discussions during the brief meeting and I haven't asked for a change in the state leadership,\" Rane said. Chavan described as baseless reports that there was a possibility of change in state leadership. \"I am here. I have no information about change in the leadership. Senior Congress leaders interact with the Congress president on a regular basis,\" Chavan said.At the same time, Chavan on Friday hinted at a state cabinet reshuffle in the near future. \"The dates are yet to be finalized,\" he said. On Thursday, deputy CM Ajit Pawar (NCP) had also hinted that his party was ready for a reshuffle.According to a trusted aide of the CM, it was unfortunate that a section of senior Congress leaders were spreading rumours about changes in the state leadership. \"There is no proposal before the Congress president for shifting Chavan to New Delhi. After taking over the reins in November 2010, he has taken stringent measures to bring in transparency in administration,\" he said.A senior Congress minister said that in the impending reshuffle, Chavan may be shifted to New Delhi with a greater role to play. \"In the wake of the multi-crore Coalgate scam and the vacancy caused by the demise of Vilasrao Deshmukh , Sonia Gandhi may consider Chavan for a new assignment,\" he said.After the state was rocked by the Adarsh scam, Gandhi had sacked the then CM Ashok Chavan and appointed Prithviraj Chavan as the CM. \"Prithviraj Chavan's performance is definitely impressive. After the massive damage caused to the party following the scam, Chavan was able to restore the image of the party,\" he said.About change in leadership, the minister said Rane has been staking a claim to the CM's post ever since he joined the Congress in 2006. Sources said while Rane is insisting on a change in leadership, a compromise is on the cards and in that event, besides the revenue portfolio, the former CM may be appointed president of the Pradesh Congress Committee in place of Manikrao Thakre.FDI in retail gets Maha backingHours before the Union cabinet approved FDI in the retail sector, CM Prithviraj Chavan had said the state was all for the move. The cabinet decision was approved with a rider that it was up to state governments to decide if they wanted to implement it. The CM, seen as a staunch supporter of the reform, said it will benefit farmers and consumers.Had sought coal mines for local projects: CMCM Prithviraj Chavan told the media on Friday that the state had earlier requested the Centre to allocate coal mines within the state for local power projects. About the Centre's plan to draw up a fresh policy for allocation, CM said, \"The Centre did not accept our demand then.\" Chavan added that imports of petroleum products had grown from 85% to 90%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16405268", "title": "\u2018Major trade centre existed in Ballia\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: Excavations by the department of Ancient Indian History, Culture and Archaeology, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) at Ballia district's Pakka Kot village have established the region's historical importance as a major trade centre connecting Pataliputra and Lumbini between 5000 BC and seventh century AD.The department had recently carried out excavation work at the four mounds of Pakka Kot ruins and their vicinity. The findings also indicate that the region was a permanent settlement of human habitation from the Neolithic period to early Medieval period.According to Dr Sita Ram Dubey, head of the department, a vast archaeological treasure has also been excavated from the site. These include a handmade silver statue belonging to 300 BC to 400 BC apart from several copper coins, mud coins, animal bones, burnt grains, ornaments, terracotta beads, and utensils. Excavated objects are showing characteristics from different periods- Neolithic, Chalcolithic, Sunga-Kushan Period, and Gupta and post Gupta period, which point to the region's sustained cultural significance.According to Dr Ashok Kumar Singh of the department, the region was devoid of human habitation only for around 200 years in the 18th and 19th centuries. In fact, around 1000 people still live in the area and majority of these are Muslim.\"The scientific dating of the excavated samples can also change the earlier concept of association of certain ceramics to certain periods, because antiquity of some sites goes back from 6th to 7th century BC to 15th to 16th century BC. An analysis of the ceramics and other objects obtained also shows the transition from rural to urban settlement in the Pakka Kot village. The site had the status of a full-fledged urban centre and connected Pataliputra to Lumbini via Masarh, Buxar, Tika, Deori, Khairadih, Kapilvatsu, Sohgaura, and Kopia,\" informed Dubey.He informed that the excavation was carried out in two phases in 2011 and 2012. A team of professors and experts visited the site in 2010 and observed that that the site belongs to Neolithic to Medieval period, which was supported by the excavation work which followed in later years.\"The excavation work was completed in May 2012. A fund of Rs 2 lakh was provided by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) to complete the work. Our department also spent around Rs 4 lakh for the purpose. A report on the work classifying all the different excavated antiquity is being prepared and is expected to come out by December,\" he added.It is noteworthy that in spite of its rich archaeological wealth, the area did not receive adequate attention of the archaeologists until about two centuries ago. According to Dubey, the first archaeological investigation in the area was carried out in 1874 by ACL Carlleyle, followed by A Fuhrer in 1891 and BHU in early 60s.According to Dubey, the ancient site of Pakkakot area is spread across a 4 km area and its catchment area extends to around 10 km. At present, Chhoti Saryu (Tons) river flows from near the site. The region has a number of archaeological sites, which are still un-excavated and unidentified, he said. A number of unprotected but very significant sites are being damaged due to cultivation and construction activity, and no serious attention has been paid to this in the recent past, he rued.It is noteworthy that BHU's department of Ancient Indian History has excavated and worked upon 40 sites in the last 50 years. The team includes professors, archaeological scientists, field workers, technicians, laboratory assistants, and draftsmen. According to Dubey, students and other interested faculty members also visited the site during excavation process. Department has earlier carried out excavation work at Rajghat, Ramnagar, Almagirpur, Gorakhpur, Munger, Mirzapur, Senuwar, Khurd, Bulandkhera and several other areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16408218", "title": "Boozing during pregnancy can be harmful", "text": "Foetuses exposed to heavy binge drinking by their mums while still in the womb require significantly more trials to habituate and also exhibit a greater variability in test performance, a new study has revealed.While it has become clear that drinking during pregnancy can damage the fetal central nervous system, these outcomes can also be influenced by factors such as timing, type, amount, and duration of alcohol exposure.Furthermore, most studies of fetal neurobehavioral effects have been conducted during the postnatal period.This study is the first of its kind, examining alcohol's effects on fetal brain function - information processing and stability of performance - at the time of exposure to alcohol.\"When examined after birth, individuals who have been prenatally exposed to alcohol exhibit a wide range of behaviours that are indicative of central nervous system dysfunction,\" Peter G. Hepper, a professor of psychology at Queen's University of Belfast, as well as corresponding author for the study, said.\"These can include poorer abilities to learn, deficits in attention, poorer abilities to plan and organize, and an inability to learn about the consequences of actions.\"As a consequence, they may demonstrate behavioural difficulties and social problems which might lead to problems at school, and often 'trouble with the law',\" he said.Leo Leader, a senior lecturer in the School of Women's and Children's Health at the University of New South Wales said that this study used a process of habituation, which is the ability of an organism to stop responding to repeated stimulation.\"This reflects the ability of the central nervous system to learn to recognize a particular stimulus,\" he said.\"It is widely accepted that habituation represents a basic form of learning.\"Previous research has shown that the normal human fetus habituates, but habituation rates are altered if the fetus is exposed to reduced oxygen levels, maternal smoking , maternal sedatives, and impaired fetal growth,\" he added.The findings will be published in the journal Alcoholism: Clinical and Experimental Research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16402601", "title": "Ashoka left out of appointment loop", "text": "BANGALORE: The department of personal and administrative reforms (DPAR) has snubbed deputy chief minister R Ashoka while making an appointment to the transport department.Chief secretary SV Ranganath cleared the file sent by DPAR secretary Mohammed Sanaulla of giving Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC) managing director KR Sreenivas additional charge as transport commissioner on Thursday without bringing it to the notice of transport minister Ashoka.The appointment has given rise to a conflict of interest. The transport commissioner acts as chairperson of the State Transport Authority. All public and private transport vehicles have to apply to the STA for inter-state and all-India permits. With Sreenivas holding additional charge as transport commissioner, he'll play the role of applicant and judge.\"The BMTC chief is nothing but an operator of buses just like other private bus operators. Several cases of BMTC with regard to permits and other issues are pending with the transport commissioner. These are expected to be cleared without discussion,\" sources in the DPAR said. There has been no full-time commissioner after T Sham Bhat was moved to head Bangalore Development Authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403439", "title": "Hopes rise for patients on donation list", "text": "MUMBAI: Vimladevi Dhanuka's life is a struggle. The 56-year-old has had renal trouble for several years and is in desperate need of a kidney. Though she is on the priority list of cadaveric donation, she has had no luck so far.The Goregaon resident has undergone four fistula operations in three years. A fistula is a surgically made connection-like for an IV drip, but permanent in nature-that allows blood to flow to an artificial kidney for cleanup (the kidney is a filter that removes impurities and toxins from blood). \"Doctors have said this is her last fistula since there is no more space in her body to create any more,\" said Vimladevi's son Vivek.Her only hope is a kidney transplant, but there are problems. She said there is no one in her immediate family who can donate a kidney. \"My son is the only breadwinner; my daughter is mentally challenged.\"Her husband was ready to donate a kidney. But their blood groups did not match. The family then decided to opt for an organ swap (with the donor for another patient). Doctors then realized that his kidney was unfit for donation.Madhavi Nadkarni (45), another resident of the western suburbs, has been on dialysis for six years. A bank officer, she calls in sick often as the dialysis sessions leave her weak. \"I am tired of it. My work suffers. Doctors have said I need a kidney transplant as soon as possible,\" she said. \"Though I have been on the donation list for six years, I haven't been able to receive a kidney yet.\"Times View : Monitor system to prevent abuseIt's better late than never. But the new system, too, will have to be monitored closely to prevent abuse. Jumping the queue for a railway ticket is one thing; jumping the queue while waiting for an organ transplant - that may make a life-and-death difference - is quite something else. The government should take lessons from both the positives and the negatives of the model already in place in other states like Tamil Nadu .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16405275", "title": "UGC acting chairman faces fraud charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the news for disregarding laid-down norms for appointment of a secretary, the University Grants Commission is facing a situation as its acting secretary has complained against acting chairperson to the Central Vigilance Commission and the HRD ministry leveling allegations of fraud and intimidation.UGC acting secretary Nilofer Kazmi has demanded an independent inquiry. Sources said the complaint is serious and needs to be probed.Kazmi has said last November, when a complaint against acting chairman Ved Prakash was referred from the PMO's to the HRD ministry and ultimately to the regulator for comment, Prakash prepared the reply himself rubbishing all the allegations and forced her to sign it. She alleged that her request to study the case was not accepted by Prakash. The same reply went to the ministry. Now, Kazmi has told CVC and the ministry that she signed the comment about Prakash's wife Shimla under duress and without knowing the facts. Prakash denied these allegations, and asked, \"Why the complaint has been made now? I was not even informed. It is an act of insubordination.\"He also hinted that since Kazmi was not considered for the full secretary's post she is making the allegations. She has already approached the National Commission for Minorities and the process of appointment of secretary would be done afresh.Reiterating allegations against Prakash's wife, currently registrar of YWCA University, Haryana, Kazmi said that Shimla enrolled for Ph.D in Jamia in social science stream with little over 52% marks in MA, English. UGC acting secretary said that regulations do not permit literature students to enroll for Ph.D in social sciences. Prakash said, \"I did not influence the decision. Jamia would know better. Having spent a long time in LS secretariat my wife's study on impact of standing committee on the system is very important.\" He claimed that his wife has not violated any UGC norms as she got admitted to Ph.D in February, 2009, when regulations were not in place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16404696", "title": "HC allows party rally on Marina", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Friday gave Thanthai Periyar Dravidar Kazhagam permission to hold a rally on Marina Beach on Sunday.A Thanthai Periyar Dravidar Kazhagam functionary, Karu Annamalai, had approached the city police for permission to hold a rally of 1,000 people dressed as the social reformer on September 16 on Marina Beach. After the application was rejected, he moved the HC.When the matter came up before Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar, counsel for the petitioner S Duraisamy and V Elangovan submitted the rally was to spread E V R Periyar's ideologies among the young generation. Justice Paul Vasanthakumar permitted the event, saying the petitioner was a non-poitical organisation and the idea behind the process was to focus on the ideologies of E V R Periyar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16404441", "title": "Traffic woes plaguing Ahmedabad roads discussed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: What plagues the city traffic? More than 500 citizens voiced their concern at Town Hall on Friday as Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) and the city police officials organized an open house, first of its kind, in the city, for traffic issues.The major issues discussed at the forum were congested roads, stray cattle, wrongly parked vehicles, hawkers and no space for pedestrians. The meet was attended by additional chief secretary (home) S K Nanda, AMC commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra and city police commissioner S K Saikia, along with senior AMC and state police officials. and members of legislative assembly - Farooq Shaikh, Rakesh Shah, Bhushan Bhatt and Geetaben Patel.Citizens participated with their questions and suggestions. While shop keepers on CG Road complained of vehicle ban in phases on Sundays that affects their business severely, the tours operators blamed the police for not allowing private buses to go to Gandhi Ashram and Kankaria lakefront.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16404481", "title": "Anti-Islam film protests hit US mission in TN", "text": "CHENNAI: Angry Muslims protesting against a film disparaging Islam and its Prophet threw stones and footwear at the US consulate in Chennai on Friday. Slogan-shouting protesters belonging to the Tamil Nadu Muslim Munnetra Kazhagam (TMMK) damaged the window panes of the enquiry counter and three police booths in front of the heavily-fortified consulate on Anna Salai. Two security guards were injured in the attack.Around 1,500 protesters came in groups and assembled near the consulate around 4pm. The protesters also set fire to an effigy and burnt American flag. \"We just could not do anything as the protesters were more in number,\" said a policeman. Several security cameras were damaged in the attack.A group of TMMK activists had gathered near a mosque on Peters Road in Royapettah as they had obtained permission to stage a protest. But when police stopped them from moving towards the US consulate by putting up barricades, they informed another group which was coming from Tambaram. The second group, consisting of around 200 people, got off their vehicles near Gemini flyover and rushed towards the consulate. Later even the protesters who had gathered on Peters Road managed to breach security and reached the mission.Soon more police personnel arrived and dispersed the protesters. Around 700 were picked up and taken to New College, where they were detained for some time before being let off. No one has been arrested.City police commissioner J K Tripathy visited the consulate and held talks with senior US officials and assured them of protection. When asked if this was an intelligence failure as the Muslim party had called for a press conference and even sent text messages about the protest, he said, \"It is a one off incident when one group broke away and indulged in violence.\"J&K; separatists put under house arrestJ&K; police placed several separatist leaders under house arrest to avert protests on Friday against a US film that denigrates Islam. Hurriyat leader Syed Ali Shah Geelani had called for protests while Mufti Azam Bashir-ud-Din had asked people to observe a bandh. There was no response to his strike call, police said. Sources said Geelani was placed under house arrest along with Mirwaiz Umar Farooq and JKLF chairman Yasin Malik. Prohibitory orders under Section 144 CrPC were imposed to prevent people from taking to streets and hundreds of police and CRPF personnel were deployed across the Valley. Three policemen were injured in a clash at Kupwara in north Kashmir. Protests were also reported from Srinagar and Baramulla in north Kashmir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16403044", "title": "Cops on alert to avert trouble over controversial US film", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as Friday prayers across the city were held peacefully, police are taking every care to ensure there is no communal flare-up on the issue of the blasphemous movie that has led to violent protests in the Middle East. Delhi Police said on Friday they are trying to ensure the controversial film available on the Internet is not viewed in the capital.Police fear vested interests might use the film to create discontent in some pockets of Delhi. \"Provocative posters have been found in the city, too. Our observers have been briefed to inform us about any attempts to communalize this situation,'' said an officer.Delhi Police are also coordinating with police in Hyderabad where similar arrangements have been made to ensure peace.Police on Friday warned of severe action against people who try to disseminate content that may hurt the sentiments of a community. Delhi Police sources also confirmed claims made in some international news agencies that video-sharing website YouTube has blocked access to the film.According to AFP, US-based search engine Google, which owns YouTube, did not say whether it acted on its own or was asked to remove the content by the Indian government. A Google spokesperson told TOI: \"We do, at times, block content, in launched countries in response to a court order or other valid legal process\".On Thursday, police had stepped up security outside all American and European installations in the city as a precautionary measure. The special branch is on alert for rumourmongers, and senior community leaders - cutting across all religions - have been approached for their cooperation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16408033", "title": "Malware being installed in PCs during manufacturing: Microsoft", "text": "LONDON: New computers, still under development in factories, are being infected with malware in their production lines, a new Microsoft study has suggested.One virus called Nitol found by Microsoft steals personal details to help criminals plunder online bank accounts.The viruses were discovered when Microsoft's digital crime investigators bought 20 PCs, 10 desktops and 10 laptops from different cities in China, out of which four were infected with malicious programmes even though they were fresh from the factory, the BBC reports.Nitol was the most pernicious of the viruses Microsoft caught because, as soon as the computer was turned on, it tried to contact the command and control system set up by Nitol's makers to steal data from infected machines.Further investigation revealed that the botnet behind Nitol was being run from a web domain that had been involved in cybercrime since 2008. Also on that domain were 70,000 separate sub-domains used by 500 separate strains of malware to fool victims or steal data.\"We found malware capable of remotely turning on an infected computer's microphone and video camera, potentially giving a cybercriminal eyes and ears into a victim's home or business,\" said Richard Boscovich, a lawyer in Microsoft's digital crimes unit in a blogpost.A US court has now given Microsoft permission to seize control of the web domain, 3322.org, which it claims is involved with the Nitol infections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16404689", "title": "After crackdown, beef off menu at roadside eateries", "text": "CHENNAI: Two days after the city corporation started raiding and seizing substandard mutton and beef brought in from other states, many roadside eateries in the city remained closed on Friday. Those which did business did not have beef or mutton dishes on the menu. Also missing was popular beef biriyani that is priced at Rs 30 to Rs 45 at these joints.Many shops near Chennai Central, Koyambedu, Kodambakkam and Guindy ran short of meat and managed with vegetarian items. \"We continue to get chicken, but with low-cost beef and mutton not coming into the city, many of our suppliers said they won't be doing business for a while,\" said Sargunan, a biriyani shop owner at Koyambedu.On Thursday, the city corporation's health officials seized cartons of substandard meat brought by trains from other states. \"We found meat boxes without the mandatory health department seals and several tones of beef illegally transported into the city. There were no major seizures on Friday,\" said a senior official.Chintadripet is said to be the main destination of meat brought in from Andhra Pradesh and Rajasthan. From here, eatery owners, especially those who run kiosks on roadsides, buy the meat for up to 30% less than the market price. At the same time, licenced meat suppliers at Thousand Lights, Teynampet and other parts of the city continued to supply to restaurants and regular household customers. As per the packaging and parcelling rules, the meat products have to be refrigerated at 4C constantly, or packed in ice boxes in a 1:1 ratio. A pack of 4,000kg of mutton should be packed with 4,000kg of ice.The items seized on Friday from the railway stations were packed without ice and transported in non-air-conditioned wagons, which meant they would have become unfit for consumption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16405614", "title": "Debt made me kill wife and son: TTE", "text": "PATNA: Railway TTE Manoj Kumar Verma, who has been arrested in connection with the gruesome killing of wife Rubi Verma (40) and ten-year-old son Harsh Verma at Railway Colony under Jakkanpur police station on Thursday afternoon, has told the police that he killed them as he was under pressure to repay the loan that he had taken from his friends.Police, however, are not convinced with his theory of being under pressure. \"If he was so under pressure, he, instead of killing wife and son, would have committed suicide,\" said a police officer.Verma is yet to be interrogated properly as he was recuperating at a private nursing home.According to his statement before the police, he had taken a loan of Rs 5 lakh from one of his acquaintances who was pressuring him to return the amount. He took another loan to repay the amount and again took loan to repay the third lender. This made him so upset that in the heat of the moment he killed his wife and son, statement said.Police bust thieves' gang, 12 held: With the arrest of 12 persons from Kankarbagh police station area, the Patna police on Friday claimed to have busted a gang of thieves engaged in stealing different electronic gadgets in the state capital.Patna SP (City) Jayant Kant said that a group of thieves had stolen several cellphones from different localities of state capital. \"Among the 12 arrested, one was a minor who used to play the major role. He used to enter a locked room by breaking the window and then open the main door for other members of the group,\" said the City SP. He said that an FIR was lodged against unknown persons in this connection.\"The police first arrested one Raunak and on the basis of information given by him, the police team carried out further investigation,\" he said. He had earlier received information that an organized gang involved in theft of electronic gadgets was active. All the arrested persons admitted their involvement in different incidents of thefts.He said the police recovered 25 stolen cellphones, 30 sim cards, five laptops, two computer CPUs, one high-end desktop monitor, one digital camera, three modems, one headphone and six watches. \"Police will soon recover rest of the items stolen by the group,\" SP (city) said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403668", "title": "Tree Authority stalls proposal to cut 551 trees", "text": "MUMBAI: Following protests over the approval given to the hacking of 481 trees in Goregaon, the BMC's Tree Authority decided not to pass any similar proposal on Friday. Several proposals, which asked for the cutting of 551 trees for various development projects, were tabled before the Tree Authority, but they were stalled due to stiff opposition from corporators.It has also been decided that no such proposal will be cleared until the committee is furnished with details of how many trees have been planted. \"It is a rule to plant two trees if one is cut. On the Goregaon plot, the trees had already been hacked and constructions started before the permission was asked. We do not want such irregularities to occur again with the new projects,\" BJP corporator Ameet Satam said.Corporators have also demanded that officials must visit the spots, where the 551 trees are proposed to be chopped to make way for MMRDA, railway, civic and private projects. Additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota promised to give the number of trees being chopped for Metro and monorail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16404361", "title": "BJP activists burn PM's effigy over fuel price hike", "text": "Gondia: The youth wing of Bharatiya Janata Party on Friday burned prime minister Dr Manmohan Singh's effigy at Jai Stambh Chowk, to protest fuel price hike. They also decried the government's decision to restrict the number of gas cylinders to only six per annum.Addressing the protesters the youth leaders said that the fuel price hike has dealt a severe blow to the common man who is already reeling under inflation. The rates of all essential commodities will increase overnight there by making the life of the poor absolutely unbearable.They called upon the Union government to withdraw the hike failing which BJP shall launch severe agitation in next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16404026", "title": "Consumer body files PIL against VAT demands", "text": "MUMBAI: A Pune-based consumer organization\u2014Rahat Hitavardhani\u2014on Friday filed a PIL in the Bombay high court challenging the levy of 5% and 1% value-added tax, respectively, from people who bought flats in 2006-10 and post-2010 across Maharashtra.The case is likely to come up for hearing in the first week of October. The consumer group pointed out that the developers' demand was illegal as there was no provision in the Maharashtra VAT Act to ask for 5% of the agreement value as tax.\"The act provides for a 5% levy on the contract value, meaning purchase of the goods and not agreement value, as the developers are claiming,\" the PIL said. Similar is the case with the 1% levy charged from post-2010 flat buyers. \"This levy, too, is against the provisions of the law as it includes the land cost. Land is an immovable property that cannot be charged as VAT. Neither the government nor developers are spreading awareness about this aspect,\" Sudhakar Velankar, founder of Rahat Hitavardhini, told TOI.The outfit questioned how developers who have registered with the sales tax department could demand and collect VAT. Referring to a trade circular issued by the sales tax department for VAT in 2007, Velankar said: \"It disallows builders from issuing tax invoices to consumers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403271", "title": "CM\u2019s office yet to receive anti-corruption bureau letter for nod to probe Bhujbal", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday denied receiving a letter from the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) seeking permission to probe allegations of corruption against public works department (PWD) minister Chhagan Bhujbal in the construction of Maharashtra Sadan in Delhi. Chavan said, \"My office has received no letter for permission. It is yet to come before me.\"On Thursday, Raj Khilnani, director general of police (ACB), said a letter seeking permission for an open inquiry into Bhujbal's alleged role in the Maharashtra Sadan scam was sent to the state government and is pending. The letter, said sources, is with the home department.BJP leaders Kirit Somaiaya and Devendra Fadanvis have complained to the ACB alleging fraud by firms owned by Bhujbal's family and friends in bagging contracts to build Maharashtra Sadan. Bhujbal has refuted all the allegations and said he is prepared to face any inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16404557", "title": "Coast Guard to clean up beaches today", "text": "MANGALORE: Coast Guard in association with Dakshina Kannada district administration and various other organizations will celebrate International Coastal Cleanup Day on Saturday.The coastal cleanup drive will be carried out at beaches in Tannirbhavi, Panambur, Surathkal and Malpe from 7.45am onwards. Coast Guard commandant Rajender Singh Sapal told TOI that the aim of the event is to remove debris from the beaches and to spread awareness among the local citizens about clean coastal environment.\"Coast guard is being supported in its effort by various organizations such as Corporation Bank, MRPL, Syndicate Bank and Karnataka Milk Federation. NCC cadets from army, navy and air force wings and children from various schools will also take part in the event. The event will contribute towards the formation of a better and cleaner society,\" he said.\"After the event, trophies will be awarded to the teams for the level of enthusiasm exhibited by them. This will be judged by the volume of debris collected by each team,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16406509", "title": "SRK taking active interest in Chennai Express", "text": "Having wrapped up the Leh-Kashmir schedule of Yash Chopra's Jab Tak Hain Jaan and awaiting the last leg of the film's shoot in the Swiss Alps, Shah Rukh Khan has already switched gears for his next, Rohit Shetty's Chennai Express.Back in the city with time on hand, the actor plunged himself into some groundwork for his upcoming movie. On Wednesday night, Shah Rukh's car was spotted outside the residence of music composer Shekhar Ravjiani and so was that of director Shetty.A source close to the project told TOI, \"SRK is back in Mumbai and is gearing up for Chennai Express as it will soon go on floors around October end. The shooting schedule has been postponed as SRK will be busy with the last schedule of Jab Tak Hain Jaan and a cricketing event in between. But now that he is here and since Vishal-Shekhar had also worked on RA.One's tracks, they discussed the film's music. SRK is excited about Chennai Express and is keeping tabs on the film's progress.\"MeanwhileonTwitter,ShahRukh couldn't stop himself from gushing about the beauty of the Kashmir valley and Leh, where he spent over a fortnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16407702", "title": "Safety audits in central government buildings", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Friday sought structural and fire safety audits of buildings occupied by central government agencies.State chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia had convened a meeting to discuss disaster management measures in central government buildings situated in Mumbai.Banthia also asked representatives from various state agencies to formulate an independent disaster management plan for such buildings. He asked the agencies to get the plan approved from the centre as per norms.To ensure better coordination between the centre and the state on matters concerning disaster management, he asked the state disaster management department to hold workshops for central government offices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16405294", "title": "Awareness workshop on cancer begins", "text": "NASHIK: The three-day workshop on cancer awareness, organized by city-based oncologist Dr Shailesh Bondade in association with Indian Cooperative Oncology Network, America Society of Clinical Oncology and National Institute of Health, at Hotel Express Inn began on Friday. The workshop focused on consent of the patient for clinical drug trial research. The workshop is being organised by city-based oncologist Dr Shailesh Bondade in association with Indian Cooperative Oncology Network, America Society of Clinical Oncology and National Institute of Health, at Hotel Express Inn.It was inaugurated by a stage four (last stage) lung cancer patient who volunteered for drug trial four times at Hotel Express Inn. Dr Vikram Bhadrasen and Dr Kim Layerly from America, Dr Gilberto Lopez from Singapore and Dr Kamal Saini from Belgium addressed the participants on cancer awareness and clinical research.Doctors present said that the patients should know all about clinical drug trial, the benefits and risks involved. They also spoke about the safety of the patients. Newer drug technologies and how the same old drug can be delivered in a safer and better way were discussed. Dr Sudip Gupta emphasized upon the need of medical statistics for good research. Dr Kim spoke about the essentials of particular studies.Dr Bhadrasen spoke about the different phases of drug development. while Dr Lopez informed how consent of a patient is to be taken, why it has to be taken and the issues in consent.In the second half of the workshop, Projects by students of oncology like the way drugs are to be given, newer ways of giving old drugs, etc were presented. They discussed if students' projects are valuable from research point of view.During the discussion, advice on how to take up new clinical research, how to develop new drugs with maximum effects and minimum side effects were discussed.On September 15, ethical aspect of research and the regulatory aspects, etc will be discussed. Besides the foreign delegates specialists from Bangalore, Hyderabad, Tata Memorial Mumbai, Delhi and Jaipur were also present.Two hundred and twenty doctors were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16403079", "title": "Status quo ordered on Tata sublease work", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Friday ordered the land reform and revenue department to ensure hundred percent status quo on all construction work going on in Tata sublease area in Jamshedpur.The order was issued based on the recommendations of the Debasish Gupta Committee on sub lease of land by Tata Steel.The chief minister has also asked the department to not process any sub lease documents for areas within Tata Steel lease area till further order.Sources in CM secretariat said that the decision was taken by Munda after the Debasish Gupta committee found large scale irregularities in sub lease by Tatas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16405520", "title": "NCP postpones national convention citing rains", "text": "VADODARA: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) has postponed its fifth national convention that was to be held in the city on Sunday. Party office-bearers on Friday cited heavy rains as the reason behind the postponement.NCP president Sharad Pawar and other senior leaders like Union minister Praful Patel and Supriya Sule had planned to arrive in the city on Saturday.NCP leaders are yet to decide on the next date. \"We have postponed the convention due to unpredictable rains,\" said NCP state president Jayant Patel. Sources, however, said that the unexpected developments in Delhi including the UPA's decision to increase diesel and LPG prices may have led to the postponement.\"The NCP leaders would be engaged in political discussions with Congress over the price rise and its fallout and hence the convention has been postponed,\" said a NCP leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16405428", "title": "6 days on, police yet to arrest accused", "text": "MOHALI: It has been a week since a speeding Verna, bearing Mohali registration number, left 15-year-old Class IX student, Arshdeep Singh, critically injured. But the district police despite having registered a case, have refused to act against the driver saying that \"it won't make any difference\", claims Arshdeep's family.The condition of Arshdeep, who is on ventilator, is stated to be critical as his jaw and intestines have been completely damaged. Though an FIR was registered at Sohana police station on September 9, the accused has still not been arrested.The boy's family has provided police the number of the car, which is registered at an Sector 68 address and CCTV footage of hospital that shows how the driver fled after dumping Arshdeep there on September 8. Though police have taken the footage, but hasn't acted.Talking to TOI, Arshdeep's father, Daljeet Singh of Sohana, said, \"The incident took place around 7.45am on September 8 when Arsh was on his way to school on his cycle. On the main road, the speeding Verna hit him and Arsh went 10-feet up in air before falling down. The driver tried to escape from the spot but was intercepted by two locals.\"The driver then rushed Arsh to a private hospital in Sohana, but he escaped from there claiming that he is going to park his vehicle and all this has been recorded in the CCTV footage of hospital, Daljeet added.Jaswinder Singh, Arshdeep's uncle, said, \"When we noticed that police is not taking any action, we traced the address of vehicle on our own.\"While Sohana SHO sub-inspector Deepinder Singh didn't take calls, DSP Darshan Singh Maan said, \"It is not possible that no action was taken against the driver after registering a case six days ago.\" But after checking the status of case with Sohana police station, the DSP admitted that driver has not yet been arrested but claimed he will be behind the bars shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16405176", "title": "Harass cry from rape victim", "text": "KOLKATA: The Park Street rape victim has alleged that she is being harassed by her landlord to vacate the apartment which she had taken on rent. The 36-year-old had to even spend some hours on the pavement near her Behala apartment on Thursday night after a tiff with her landlord.The woman has been living in the apartment for almost a year with her two teenage daughters and mother. She said that few weeks ago, her landlord started hounding her to leave the flat. Though she asked the landlord to give her some time, but to no avail.The woman has in fact been house-hunting for the past few weeks. But many turned her down after they came to know she was the Park Street rape victim.\"We have been trying to rent a house in another locality but have been unable to find one. We want to leave this place as soon as possible as we have been harassed frequently. My daughter is very disturbed due to this,\" said the victim's mother.It was in February this year that the woman was allegedly raped in a moving car by a group of youths whom she had befriended at a nightclub. Though three of accused have been held, the other one is absconding.The Park Street rape victim has alleged harassment by her landlord so that she leaves her rented apartment. The 36-year-old stayed on the pavement near her rented Behala apartment for few hours on Thursday night after a tip-off with the landlord.The landlord allegedly started hounding Tina (name changed) to leave the flat few weeks ago. The woman has been living in the apartment for almost a year now with her two teenage daughters and mother. She reportedly had asked the landlord to give her sometime. Infact she has been house hunting for quite sometime but many had refused her after they came to know that she was a the Park Street victim.\"We have been trying to rent a house in another locality for quite sometime but have been unable to find one. We want to leave this place as soon as possible as we have been harassed frequently. My daughter is very disturbed due to this,\" said Tina's mother.Tina was raped in February this year in a running car in Kolkata. She had hoped into the car of a youth after the youth who had befriended her in a Park Street night club offered to drop her back home. The youth who was later identified as Kader Khan then raped her in the car and threw her off near the Exide Mor. Kader is still absconding while three other accomplices have been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16404370", "title": "Man attempts suicide in front of police station", "text": "NAGPUR: A 28-year-old land developer attempted to commit suicide in front of Sitabuldi police station after the cops refused to a file a police complaint against a godman, on Friday afternoon.Nilesh Mittewar, resident of Parvati Nagar on Rameshwari Road, alleged that a godman robbed him of Rs 2.5 lakh by making him drink drug-laced milk on September 4. When the cops refused to take his complaint, an agitated Mittewar created a scene by dousing himself with kerosene and threatened to set himself afire.Cops had initially refused to file a complaint as they suspected foul play in the robbery case. However, Mittewar's suicide bid forced them to file a robbery complaint against the godman.Mittewar claimed that on September 4, he had gone to Ganesh Tekdi temple with cash Rs 2.5 lakh. He was intercepted by the godman as he walked towards the temple gate. The godman blessed him and asked him to drink a cup of milk for his wellbeing. After consuming the milk Mittewar fell unconscious.\"I regained my senses only the next day to find myself in a hospital,\" Mittewar said. Since September 5, he has been visiting Sitabuldi police station to file a complaint but was sent back each day.Cops claimed that Mittewar has rioting offences registered against him at Hudkeshwar police station. He is also suspected to be involved in many illegal and criminal activities. Hence, they delayed filing a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16402854", "title": "4 held for driving girl to suicide", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two days after a 17-year-old girl committed suicide in the Jagdamba Camp area, close to Malviya Nagar in south Delhi, police have accepted that she was repeatedly molested and eve-teased by her neighbours. Four youths \u2014 Imran, Shaukeen, Ismail and Janalu, all aged 19-22 \u2014 have been arrested in the case and charged with molestation. They are also likely to be booked for abetting suicide.Police sources said the youths accosted the Class 11 student when she was returning home from school six days ago. They had misbehaved with her earlier also and linked her with another person staying in the locality. Two days ago, the girl complained to her parents and then asked the colony chief to intervene. \"He mediated between the two groups and settled the matter. We didn't get to know about the misbehaviour. However, the girl felt humiliated and killed herself,'' said a senior police official of the south district.The girl's family, though, alleged the police control room had been informed several times. \"But from the very beginning, police kept telling us it was a minor incident. On Wednesday, she killed herself as she could not bear the humiliation anymore. However, police are trying to pass off the molestation as a one-off incident,'' said Zakir Ahmed, a relative of the deceased.\"The girl was upset with the way her elders handled the situation. We are also considering legal action against the village pradhan who apparently helped the accused compromise,'' said the officer.An FIR has been registered at the instance of the girl's father. \"Further arrests cannot be ruled out,'' said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403360", "title": "HC to announce verdict in gutka ban case today", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Friday completed hearing in the gutka ban case. The judgment will be dictated on Saturday. The bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar will decide whether there must even be an interim order against the gutka and pan masala ban imposed by the state government since July.Additional solicitor general Kevic Setalvad, appearing for the Centre, argued that the Centre has plugged the loopholes after the Supreme Court judgment setting aside the earlier ban and prohibiting the use of tobacco in food. The Central Food Safety and Standards Act overrides the provision of the Tobacco Act, Setalvad said.But in his rebuttal for gutka manufacturers, counsel Aspi Chinoy argued that for the first time in 60 years, the court will decide whether a delegated regulation can repeal the law of parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16404771", "title": "Ex-serviceman booked for murder attempt", "text": "PUNE: The Faraskhana police have booked a 35-year-old ex-serviceman for allegedly opening fire on a youth who tried to prevent him from using the road as a public urinal around 12.30 am at Budhwar Peth on Friday.Ram Kishorsingh Tomar of Madhya Pradesh was nabbed by workers of Honaji Tarun Ganapati Mandal and handed over to the police. During the scuffle with the workers, Tomar fell and sustained injuries. He is being treated at the Sassoon general hospital.A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Sagar Vinayak Bhokare (25) of Budhwar Peth with the Faraskhana police station.Inspector Dnyandev Bhosale of the Faraskhana police stationtold TOI that Tomar is an ex-armyman. \"He was carrying a pistol and has licence for the weapon,\" Bhosale said.On Thursday night, Tomar, who was in the area, stopped at the side of the road to answer nature's call. \"When Bhokare noticed this he tried to prevent Tomar from using the road as an open toilet, following which the duo entered into a brawl,\" Bhosale said.An angry Tomar took out his pistol and fired at Bhokare but missed. \"Hearing the gunshot, workers of the Honaji Tarun Ganapati Mandal nearby rushed to the spot and nabbed Tomar,\" Bhosale said.A police team, which was patrolling the area, took Tomar into custody. \"We rushed him to the hospital as he was severelyinjured,\" he said.The police have also seized the weapon. \"There were seven bullets in the pistol,\" Bhosale said adding, \"We have booked Tomar under section 307 (attempt to murder) of the Indian Penal Code. We will arrest him after he is discharged from hospital.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "16405589", "title": "3 engineering students get life term for murder", "text": "BARNALA: A court in Barnala on Friday convicted three engineering students of murdering their two juniors for a laptop and a cellphone, and sentenced them to life imprisonment.Gurjit Singh, 23, Pritpal Singh, 24, and Baljinder Singh, 23, studied in the third-year at the time. They were found guilty of poisoning and then throwing bodies of second-year engineering students Madup Kumar Jha and Amit Kumar Sharma into a canal. The victims were students of Baba Hira Singh Bhattal Institute of Engineering and Technology in Lehragaga, Sangrur.The court of Barnala additional district and sessions judge B S Sandhu has also fined the guilty Rs 5,000 each. According to prosecution, the trio offered the victims soft drinks laced with poison and disposed of the body 10km away from Barnala on January 2, 2010. The bodies were recovered from Kotla branch canal in Barnala on January 9, 2010, after their parents had lodged a \"missing\" complaint on January 4. The accused escaped with Amit's laptop and Madup's cellphone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "16405050", "title": "Debt-ridden farmer hangs self", "text": "BIJAPUR: A farmer allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself to a tree in his field at Kudagi village in Basavana Bagewadi taluk on Thursday.Police said the farmer identified as Shivappa Yamanappa Yalagi, 52, had borrowed Rs 1.2 lakh from Kudagi Agricultural Cooperative Society and Basavana Bagewadi Primary Land Development Bank for improving his land.But due to the continuous failure of monsoon over the past three years, he was not able to repay the loan amount. His wife, Boramma Shivappa Yalagi, has lodged a complaint at Kolhar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16402791", "title": "Manish Kharbikar is the new Mangalore police commissioner", "text": "BANGALORE: Manish Kharbikar is the new Mangalore police commissioner, replacing Seemant Kumar Singh. Singh has been posted as DIG (civil rights enforcement), Bangalore, in a reshuffle on Friday. His transfer comes after the recent infamous attack on students at a homestay in Mangalore.Karbikar, who hails from Chattisgarh, earlier worked as SP of Mysore and Gulbarga before he was posted as DIG, civil rights enforcement cell.Likewise, Ravi D Channannavar, assistant superintendent of police (ASP, market sub-division, Belgaum district), has been made ASP, Hospet sub-division, Bellary district. His transfer comes after the communal clashes in Belgaum in which two persons were killed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16408129", "title": "Cases against IAS officials for illegal quarrying in Madurai", "text": "CHENNAI: Vigilance and anti-corruption officials have registered cases against two IAS officials -- C Kamaraj and Mathivanan - and another senior official J Rajaram, director of mines in connection with illegal quarrying in Madurai.Officials said Kamaraj and Mathivanan, who served as district collectors in Madurai, connived with the illegal quarry owners. Following raids at 34 places across the state, two cases have been registered under the Prevention of Corruption Act.Directorate of Vigilance and Anti-Corruption (DVAC) officials found that Mathivanan's had submitted a report stating that there was no irregularity or illegal quarrying by PRP concerns. This caused a loss worth several crores of rupees to the state government, an official said. Preliminary inquiries showed some officials had used their official position with a malafide intention and concealed the facts pertaining to the large scale illegal quarrying.For this, cases were registered against director of the department of sugar N Mathivanan, deputy director of mines Rajaram, retired commercial tax officer P Periyasamy, central excise superintendent Ganesan and managing partner of PRP Exports Limited in Madurai P Palanisamy. The second case was registered against Rajaram, Salt Corporation of India managing director C Kamaraj, special deputy collector V Subbu, PWD executive engineer R Ramachandran and other private quarry operators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16405622", "title": "Statewide protest against power hike", "text": "PATNA: 'Mehangi Bijli Virodhi Sangharsh Manch' plans statewide protest on November 19 against the hike in electricity tariff in Bihar.Addressing a press conference organized by the manch, Bihar State Electricity Supply Union secretary Chakradhar Prasad Singh flayed the government for the hike in electricity rates. One of the members of the manch, Nand Kishore Singh said the NDA government has implemented the Electricity Act, 2003 as a result of which rates are being fixed under PPP mode, he claimed.Their six point demands include reduction of the electricity rates, provision of electricity to one and all, free power supply to the BPL families, withdrawal of the 2003 act and winding up Bihar State Electricity Board ( BSEB).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nagapattinam", "code": "16404623", "title": "65 Sri Lankans stranded in mid-sea for 17 days rescued", "text": "NAGAPATTINAM: Fishermen from Nagapattinam rescued 61 Sri Lankan Tamils and four Sinhalese who were stranded in the mid sea following a snag in the engine of their boat while attempting an illegal entry to Australia via sea. After 17 days of a nightmarish experience at sea, they were brought to the Nagappattinam shore here early on Friday morning.The incident came to light when a group of fishermen from Eeachankuppam in Nagapattinam set out to sea for fishing on September 12. The stranded Sri Lankans on a mechanised boat, staying afloat 120 nautical miles off shore Nagapattinam, raised an alarm to the fishermen to rescue them. The Indian fishermen extended a helping hand to them and towed their boat to Nagapattinam shore with 61 Sri Lankan Tamils and four Sinhalese. Three women and three boys were also among the Sri Lankan Tamils.Nagapattinam police and the coast guard were pressed into action to receive them and make arrangements to lodge them in Nagapattinam. During the initial investigation with them, they explained that they were assured by a travel agency to go to Australia via sea without following legal procedures and search for a job for survival once they got there. But their effort turned out to be a futile exercise three days after setting out to sea following a defect in the global positioning system (GPS). Hence, they lost hope of reaching Australia and attempted to return to Nagapattinam. However, that effort was also not fruitful as there was a snag in the engine of the boat in the mid sea 120 nautical miles off Nagapattinam. They had been stranded at mid sea and were struggling for food and water for the past two weeks.When contacted, assistant director of fisheries K Gunasekaran said, \"They said they paid two to three lakh each to the agency for this purpose. Moreover, the agency insisted them to give Rs six lakh each once they reached Australia. The people hailed from Kilinochi, Mullaitheevu, Jaffna, Savakacheri, Paruthikadu, and Villivandi in Sri Lanka. They were lured by the travel agency on the promise of getting jobs.\"The rescued Sri Lankans extended their gratitude to the Nagai fishermen for rescuing them. \"They are all in our custody. We have lodged them in a marriage hall in Nagapattinam town. They will be staying here until our government takes a decision on the issue,\" Nagapattinam police SP G Ramar told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16404864", "title": "In Khardana, fear of cop keeps students away from school", "text": "INDORE: The presence of police owing to imposition of section 144 in Khardana village even after 48 hours of the crackdown on jal satyagrahis has scared away some children from going to the school. The attendance in the Government Primary School, which has a strength of 125 children, has come down by 30 per cent since a day before the arrest of 250 jal satyagrahis. While on September 12, the day of the crackdown by the police and Special Armed Force (SAF), only 22 children had turned up for classes.Salman, who went to his school after two days on Friday, told TOI, \"I went with my father as I am afraid of the police in my village.\" He said there are a few of his friends, who were regular to school until September 12. Now, they too are skipping their classes. \"I am scared of the cops in uniform,\" said a fifth standard girl of the primary school, adding that sooner the cops are removed from the village the better it will be. There are still about 25 cops deployed in the village owing to section 144, preventing gathering of more than four persons.The assistant teacher at the Government Primary School Pankaj Saoner said the average attendance of children in the normal days is 110. \"But since the crackdown, the number is hovering around 80,\" he said appealing the district administration to remove the cops by lifting section 144 from the village. The population of Khardana village is about 800.\"We have appealed the district administration to withdraw section 144 from the village so that the life returns to normalcy,\" said a villager Sunil Rathore. Since August 30, the day when the jal satyagraha began, Khardana and the neighbouring Uvan villages have plunged into darkness as district administration has allegedly snapped power supply to these villages.\"The district administration has snapped the power to both the villages,\" said Rathore adding that they have to walk seven to eight kilometre to Rata Talai village to the get the wheat ground. Since there is no power supply, the villagers are unable to use pumps and draw water for their daily needs, while the mosquitoes have been giving them sleepless nights.Meanwhile, the district administration has started a fresh survey by Narmada Valley Development Authority (NVDA) to ascertain the submergence of fresh houses after increasing the level of water in the dam from 260 to 262 metres.The district collector Dr Sudam Khade said the decision to remove section 144 can be taken only after getting the police report. He said the district administration has been taking all possible efforts to restore the power in the village in another three to four days. \"We are trying to connect the power line with Rata Talai village,\" he said adding that doctor has been pressed into service in the village in case the jal satyagrahis need medical treatment. As regards survey, the collector said that it was being done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16405226", "title": "Citizens brave downpour, dark streets, potholes", "text": "KANPUR: Heavy rains on Friday waterlogged major lanes and bylanes of the industrial city and traffic jams were experienced at most of the city crossings. Continuous rains from late Thursday night through Friday evening inundated most of the roads. Places including Jajmau, Kidwai Nagar, Saket Nagar, Juhi and Shyam Nagar were worst hit as roads in all these areas are dug up and rains made them marshy.Residents of interior areas like Gopal Nagar, Yashoda Nagar and Ramadevi had to save their clothes from getting soiled as they commuted. The lanes in these areas were flooded with knee-deep water. Apart from bikes and autos, even heavy vehicles and cars were stuck in the flooded and potholed roads. Rickshaws and autos were unable to move in the interiors lanes and failed to carry school children to their homes.Rainwater entered houses in Harimankapurwa, Shivkatra and Lalganj. Residents of Juhi area were seen struggling to cross the Juhi bridge in the evening. No arrangement of street lightning made their ride dangerous. People were wary of the un-barricaded roads or those which caved-in besides the open manholes which made a deathtrap on the dark roads.Traffic jams were the order of the day at prominent city crossings on Thursday due to rains and water-logging.The non-functional traffic lights at busy crossings like Taatmill forced the traffic department officials to deploy more staff at the crossings to mange the movement.Commuters were stranded at crossings like Bada Chauraha, Parade, Gumti, Cocacola, Jareeb Chowki and others.Traffic jams were seen even at the GT Road and Bypass. Kidwai Nagar, Shyam Nagar and Ramadevi bypass were also packed with trucks and buses for hours.Similar was the scene at the narrow lanes of Saket Nagar, Govind Nagar and Lal Bangla. P Road and Civil Lines areas too witnessed traffic snarls during peak rush hours.The jam at Taatmill, Ghantaghar and Transport Nagar was worst. These crossings are attached to many major lanes like Express Road, Mall Road and Ramadevi, traffic moved at snail's pace during the rush hours.\"Several roads had water flowing on them making it difficult for two-wheelers to pass. As it began to rain during the rush hour when most of the office-goers were returning home, the movement of traffic was slowed down. Additional staff was deployed to man major signals in the city,\" said MR Singh, SP traffic.Though the officials could come up with no justifiable reason for why the traffic lights not functioning, they said it could be because programming of traffic lights is still under process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16403369", "title": "Noida Extension to now be called Greater Noida (West)", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Noida Extension is now going to get a new beginning after rising from the land row issue with the Greater Noida Authority deciding to re-christen it as 'Greater Noida (West)'. Noida Extension comes under the jurisdiction of the Greater Noida Industrial Development Authority (GNIDA), but was given its name due to being located adjacent to Noida. In a meeting held on Friday, the CEO of the Authority said that the area would now be referred to as Greater Noida (West).Initially, developers had coined 'Noida Extension' to differentiate it from both Noida and Greater Noida. Also, this name was given to make it clear to potential homebuyers that it was in close proximity to Noida and not as far away as Greater Noida. This area was primarily envisioned to provide planned and affordable housing to homebuyers in the NCR region.The change in name is being envisaged as a move to mark a new beginning for the area, which has been through a rough one year when the land acquisition row stalled all construction and development work. \"The idea is to revamp the image of the area to fuel its realty and commercial growth,\" said Rama Raman, CEO, Greater Noida Authority.Officials also revealed that talks were in progress to rename the Gaur City chowk, a landmark roundel in the area, which has in the past one year witnessed many a demonstration. \"There is a suggestion to name the several crossroads in the area in honour of freedom fighters, martyrs and late social activists who have made significant contributions to Greater Noida,\" said an official. \"Naming of the streets, roads and roundabouts would need time and a series of consultations. We will soon draw up a list of probable names and then decide to name the roads and crossings,\" he added.Spread over nearly 3,635 hectares, Noida Extension is around 4-5 km from Sector 121, Noida. The road from Sector 121 that crosses Hindon river reaches Sectors 1, 2, 3, 4, 16B, 16C, 10, 12, Techzone, Knowledge Park 5, etc in Greater Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16404358", "title": "'Take our land, but give us land'", "text": "MAPUSA: Affected farmers of Mopa village have demanded for cultivable land as compensation if the government was firm on taking their land for a greenfield airport at Mopa.As per high court directives, the special land acquisition officer for Mopa airport, M K Vasta, held a hearing with the petitioners in the case of land acquisition for Mopa at Casarvarnem on Friday.Four petitions have been filed challenging the land acquisition for the Mopa airport.The hearing was called to listen to the grievances of the affected land owners and discussion and solutions by Vasta and his officers.Before the hearing, the petitioners were given one month's time by the high court to file their objections.The hearing was to be closed abruptly as the land owners, who were 81 in number, wanted to know from the officers about the policy of the government for the affected farmers, compensation etc and the officers had no answers to it.\"He (Vasta) told us to sign on the letter confirming that the hearing was held. Nothing was discussed, however. When asked what is the stance of the government regarding compensation or rehabilitation, he said that the government has not decided on that,\" said Sandeep Kambli, secretary, Mopa Vimantal Piddit Xetkari Samiti. \"The hearing was to fool the people and to show the court that it was held. We object to such kind of a hearing,\" the samiti secretary said.Vasta said that he was following high court directives. Kambli said that people were opposing land acquisition as it was done before taking people into confidence.\"I can confidently say that under the garb of airport, the land is being acquired for mining through the back door,\" Kambli said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16404364", "title": "Miscreants burn docus in mining-belt VP office", "text": "PONDA: In what could well be a fallout of the Shah commission report on illegal mining, unknown persons set fire to important documents, possibly even mining-related, inside the Kirlapal-Dabhal village panchayat office on the intervening night of Thursday-Friday.The panchayat, which falls in Dharbandora taluka, has five mining firms operating mines within its jurisdiction. Sarpanch Ramakant Gaonkar said the act appeared to have been deliberate.Though a dog squad and fingerprint experts were pressed into service, Curchorem police admitted they are currently clueless.The matter came to light when panchayat staff Naresh Bandekar and Anil Velip opened the office on Friday morning. They found a heap of ash inside the office. They immediately informed Gaonkar who called the police.Till late Friday afternoon, panchayat staff, including secretary Amol Tendulkar, and the police tried unsuccessfully to establish the identity and the number of documents burnt, said sources.The panchayat sources said it could take at least a month to identify the gutted files, registers and documents. But all documents could be prepared again, the sources maintained.Gaonkar told TOI, \"The panchayat has five mining firms operating within its jurisdiction and the office had several sensitive documents related to the mines.\" He said he could not deny the possibility that mining-related documents had been gutted.A case under IPC Sections 453 (Lurking house-trespass or house-breaking) and 435 (Mischief by fire or explosive substance with intent to cause damage) and Section 3 of Goa Damage to Public Property Act has been registered against unknown persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16408198", "title": "Azam Khan's Mohammad Ali Jauhar University to be inaugurated on September 18", "text": "LUCKNOW: Exactly eight years after its foundation stone laying ceremony, the much awaited Mohammad Ali Jauhar University will be inaugurated in Rampur on September 18.Samajwadi Party stalwart and national president Mulayam Singh Yadav will inaugurate the university presence of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav. The university has been established as a private university and will be governed by Mohammad Ali Jauhar Trust.Cabinet minister Azam Khan is the Trustee of the trust and Chancellor of the university. The university is dream project of Azam Khan who has left no stone unturned to make it a reality. Azam Khan is camping in Rampur to finalise the inauguration programme.The university has a strong bond with controversies. Azam Khan who was a minister in Mulayam cabinet moved a proposal for lifelong Chancellor of the university. It was turned down by the then Governor T V Rajeshwar. Later, it was established as a private university.During the Bahujan Samaj Party regime, the permission for starting the university was not given and only an engineering college could function. The permission has been finally given by the Akhilesh Yadav led government. Still the amendment for granting minority status to the university is pending with Governor. The university is established in an area of over 200 acres and several buildings are complete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16404559", "title": "Digitisation of crime records begins across Madurai district", "text": "MADURAI: The computerisation of crime records in police stations began in Madurai city on Friday.Commissioner of police, Sanjay Mathur, kick-started the modernisation programme at Tallakulam police station. Computerisation of the crime records in police stations would enable access to those details by personnel in other stations.The computerisation project is being done at police stations across the country at a cost of Rs 2,000 crore, out of which Rs 103 crore has been allotted to Tamil Nadu. The state government on its part, has sanctioned Rs 10 crore to facilitate implementation of the project in 1,492 stations in Tamil Nadu.As part of the project, details about a crime, nature of the offence, modus operandi, fingerprints of suspects would be fed into the computer. The information can be accessed by police officials in other stations also and aid in cracking the case. Only police officials would have access to the information.All police stations would be provided with computers, printers, scanners and digital cameras for the project. Tiruvallur district was identified for implementation of the project on a pilot basis and crime records pertaining to 10 years have been fed into computers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16405588", "title": "Fuel price hike breaks aam admi\u2019s back", "text": "LUDHIANA: Chander Mohan Singh , a businessman of Sarabha Nagar, got up at 6 in the morning. He was groggy-eyed when the milkman rang the doorbell. But, when he told him the new milk rates, Mohan's eyes popped out. Wide awake , he went to the nearby grocery shop, only to get another shocker. Prices of eggs, bread, butter and veggies had swelled overnight. He gathered himself and walked home. He gave the basket to his wife, Jasbir Kaur. \"Subsidized LPG cap has been lowered to six, so you will only get toast and tea,\" she said. On way to his store when he pulled over at a fuel station to get a refill, diesel price had his jaw dropping. All this in three hours of Friday morning, the entire day was still waiting to scare Mohan. This is the story of the aam admi, post-diesel hike.President of Punjab Small Industries' Association Badish Jindal said, \"Punjab gets 90% of the raw material from other states and its industries cannot do without generators due to the erratic power supply. Following the diesel price hike, industries will have to pay more for raw material transportation and generator fuel which will take the cost of production up and hence, the price of a product.\"The hike's domino effect has raised Ludhianvis' hackles. Ravinder Singh , a resident of Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar and retired government employee, said, \"Now, everything will be costly...the burden has only increased on us. We will have to check our expenses.\"Navjot Kaur, a resident of BRS Nagar and homemaker, said, \"This hike will affect our savings. Inflation has made things difficult... I think our savings will now be nil.\"Rajkumar, who runs a departmental store in Field Ganj, said, \"Since morning, every customer asked just one question - how much more will he have to shell out for grocery items.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16405336", "title": "PCs that can talk, argue with you", "text": "LONDON: Computers and robots could soon be having meaningful conversations and even arguments with humans, potentially \"within the next three years\", scientists have claimed. Researchers from the University of Aberdeen will develop systems that allow men to debate decisions with robots \u2014 opening up the possibility of human operators discussing action plans with robots, the Daily Mail said.\"The aim is to increase human trust in intelligent technology \u2014 and that early versions of the software could be available in just three years,\" lead researcher Wamberto Vasconcelos, said. \"Autonomous systems such as robots are an integral part of modern industry, used to carry out tasks without continuous human guidance,\" he was quoted as saying by the paper.\"Employed across a variety of sectors, these systems can quickly process huge amounts of information when deciding how to act. However, in doing so, they can make mistakes which are not obvious to them or to a human,\" he said.\"Evidence shows there may be mistrust when there are no provisions to help a human to understand why an autonomous system has decided to perform a specific task at a particular time and in a certain way,\" he added.\"What we are creating is a new generation of autonomous systems which are able to carry out a two-way communication with humans,\" he said. The system will communicate with words on a computer screen rather than speech. Potential applications could include unmanned robot missions to planets or the deep sea, defence systems and exploring hostile environments such as nuclear installations. A typical dialogue might involve a human operator asking a computer why it decided on a particular decision, what alternatives there might be and why these were not followed. One factor that has to be taken into account is ensuring the computer's responses do not seem threatening, rude or confrontational. \"That's something we're going to have to look at,\" he said. pti", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16404624", "title": "430 spots face risk of heavy flooding during rains", "text": "CHENNAI: At least 430 places across the city from the posh Besant Avenue in Besant Nagar to slum tenements in Nettukuppam in Thiruvottiyur may be inundated this monsoon. As rains are expected in a couple of days, the Chennai Corporation estimates that more than 5 lakh people will be affected.A survey by the corporation has found that 73 of the 440 places are likely to face serious health problems as these neighbourhoods also face the problem of sewage that could get mixed with stagnant water. \"In Alandur, all the low-lying areas have the problem of sewage overflow. These are places most susceptible to water-borne diseases like cholera and leptospirosis,\" said a corporation official.In many extended areas like Thiruvottiyur and Ambattur, work on new storm water drains is yet to begin. In the older parts of the city like Adyar, drain-laying is on. Officials said it was too late to prevent inundation, but they were gearing up for quick reaction to flooding. \"We are buying diesel pump sets to remove rainwater. They will be kept in all the flood-prone areas,\" said a corporation official. In Adyar, there will be 12 diesel pumps as 25,000 people are affected every year during the rainy season.Mayor Saidai S Duraisamy said he had designated one official for every zone to look into complaints of flooding. Arrangements for boarding and lodging of several lakhs of people have also been done, he said. Officials have identified community halls and schools in every zone for this. Food will be supplied from the civic body's four cooking centres.Another common complaint the corporation receives during heavy rains is uprooting of trees. The civic body has asked for electric saws to remove falling trees without delay. \"Trees fall across roads, blocking traffic. Our staff have often complained that they would not be able to remove them quickly if they have to cut the trunks manually,\" said an official.The corporation's helpline staff will give information booklets along with numbers of senior officials for citizens to contact. The corporation has teamed up with the fire and rescue services, the electricity board, Metrowater and the city traffic police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16402980", "title": "Maharashtra Lok Adalat on Sunday", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maha Lok Adalat, 2012 will be held on September 16 in all city courts. The concept will save time and money and help solve problems between disputing parties amicably. For details, contact 9423227883, 9223283627.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16403263", "title": "Major roads see massive jams", "text": "GURGAON: Massive traffic jams were witnessed across the city on Friday evening. Vehicles were stranded on several major roads including the one leading to HUDA City Centre Metro station and Galleria market road. The road going from IFFCO Chowk towards HUDA City Centre was particularly jam packed.Heavy traffic was also seen on the 32-lane toll plaza as well.The situation was the same on MG Road towards Delhi, which was chock-o-block with vehicles.Commuters were seen driving on the wrong side. Despite such traffic chaos on most major roads, there were barely any traffic cops near HUDA City Centre and other busy areas. Mild showers, which began around 4:30pm and continued throughout the evening, could be the reason for cops leaving their duty spots early, said a passerby.Commuters stuck near IFFCO Chowk had to call the police helpline, seeking help in clearing the jam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "16405024", "title": "Signatures of SHG members faked, money withdrawn", "text": "BIJAPUR: A cheating case has been registered against two persons - Bhimappa Sangappa Nidagundi and Ramappa Shankreppa Hipparagi -at Nidagundi police station on Thursday.Police said the two men from Hebbal village in Basavana Bagewadi taluk forged the signatures of members of Kittur Chennamma self-help group and withdrew their money from the bank.In the complaint, Rudramma Virupakshaiah Hiremath of Hebbal village has said: \"The two men have withdrawn Rs 1.57 lakh from the State Bank of India, Nidagundi branch, by faking the signatures. They have even used a fake seal of the SHG at the time of withdrawal.\"The withdrawals were made from July 1, 2007 to September 12, 2008. Nidagundi police have registered the case under Sections 420, 467, 468 and 472 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16408158", "title": "HC upholds police fear that Nooria Haveliwalla may flee India", "text": "MUMBAI: Bombay high court on Friday dismissed a petition by US national Nooria Haveliwalla, who was involved in alleged drunken driving incident, and upheld the State's apprehension that if returns to US, there is no way to secure her presence if she fails to return for the trial. The court noted that there is no extradition treaty between India and US.On January 31, 2010 two persons including a police man died at Marine Drive and four constables were injured after the 28 year old rammed into a police nakabandi. She was released on bail.A division bench of Justice A M Khanwilkar and Justice A R Joshi gave their verdict on Nooria's challenge to the October 13, 2011 order of the Foreign Regional Registration Office restraining her travel beyond Mahim. Nooria said as a beautician and having inherited property/investment from her father located outside Mumbai, she has to travel.The judges said the competent authority has absolute and unfettered'' powers to impose restrictions especially when a foreigner has committed serious criminal offence for which she is being tried in a criminal court in Mumbai.'' They noted Additional Public Prosecutor Aruna Pai's submission that Nooria had not provided details and cogent proof of her inherited property/investment or about her profession.Her advocate Abad Ponda argued that though a foreign national, Nooria has spent substantial part of her childhood in India and has deep roots in society. Also, that there is no question of her fleeing the country as her passport is deposited in court. But the judges said that a foreigner staying in India for a long time or has deep roots in society cannot enure higher rights than a foreigner staying for a brief period. State can proceed alike against both, they added.In the first place, the fact that the passport of a person is deposited in court is no guarantee that such person will not flee from India. It is not unknown that persons are found with multiple passports of the same country or different countries,'' the judge stated, dismissing her petition as devoid of merit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16404501", "title": "HC notice to Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation over mobile tower fines", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday issued a notice to Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation (GIDC) over its bid to impose a penalty to the tune of Rs 3 lakh for the installation of mobile towers in its estates across the state.Justice K M Thaker sought an explanation from GIDC by October 3 on the basis of petitions filed by Indus Towers Ltd, which requested the court to quash a circular issued by GIDC earlier this year. In this circular, GIDC has demanded the money as penalty, and as charges for the regularization and permission for each of 160-odd towers that were installed in industrial estates five years ago.The mobile tower company filed the petition through senior counsel Shalin Mehta and Vidhi Bhatt, by which GIDC's power to issue such a circular is questioned.The petition stated that after the installation of towers in the absence of any agreement between the companies and GIDC, the latter came up with a policy in 2007. By this, GIDC was to permit and regularize the installation of a tower after charging Rs 25,000 in developed areas and Rs 10,000 in undeveloped areas. However, no advantage was taken then by mobile tower companies.Three years later, GIDC again offered to regularize the towers for Rs 25,000 for 250 square metre plots. It set a deadline of March 31, 2010, for filing an application. Accordingly, the companies applied, but the requests were not accepted on the grounds that they had to come from plot holders and not from tower companies. The companies' requests to extend deadline was also rejected by GIDC, the counsel said.In 2012, GIDC came up with a circular that since mobile towers were installed without permission, the owners should pay Rs 3 lakh penalty for each of the tower apart from other charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16405566", "title": "Teen girl cremated hurriedly; cops suspect honour killing", "text": "ROHTAK: In a case of suspected honour killing, a minor girl of a Rohtak village in Haryana was killed and cremated by her family members on Thursday evening, after she was allegedly caught attempting an elopement with a youth.The girl was 17-years-old and belonged to Madina village. She was a Class-XII student. The police were not informed of the cremation and some villagers had told the cops about the incident.Sources said the girl was spotted with a youth of the same village and was reportedly forced back home, and her last rites were performed in the evening, in the presence of some villagers.Sources added that the girl had earlier remained away from her home for a couple of days, after which the family kept a watch on her.Police have lodged a daily diary report and according to Rohtak SP Vivek Sharma: \"The FIR would be lodged on the basis of the probe report. We are interrogating villagers, the family and neighbours. Ashes have been collected from the cremation ground for forensic analysis.\"Meham SHO Ram Kishan said, \"The family said the girl had complained of chest pain the afternoon and died soon after.\"The SHO, however, said that suspicion arose since the family never took the alleged ailing girl to some hospital for treatment. \"The girl had no medical history and we are investigating all possible angles of her death,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16406791", "title": "FDI in retail: Where states stand", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has allowed foreign investment in a host of sectors including multi-brand retail and civil aviation.The UPA government can expect a roaring reception from the financial markets following the decision. It can also prove to be a mood-enhancer for the Congress-led government as it heads into state polls in Himachal Pradesh and Gujarat. Here is how heads of various states responded to the government's decision:Will rolloutHaryana - Farmers will get good price and consumers will benefit. FDI in retail is welcome in Haryana, says CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda.Maharashtra - State all for the reform, says CM Prithviraj Chavan. 'It will promote transparency, accountability and remove supply chain hurdles.'Delhi - 'Great step forward. Will mean quality food, jobs galore and equitable pricing,' says Sheila Dikshit.Rajasthan - According to CM Ashok Gehlot, move will improve availability of quality goods, enhance competitiveness and unlock true potential of the agricultural value-chain.Assam - Happy with the decision; CM in favour of FDI in retail, says agriculture minister Nilamani Sen Deka.Won'tGujarat - 'I don't know what PM is doing. Small businessmen will be forced to down their shutters now,' says Narendra Modi .Kerala - Ruling UDF and opposition LDF united in opposing FDI in retail.Odisha - Firmly against. CM Naveen Patnaik had last year called it 'ill advised and highly regressive'.Uttar Pradesh - CM Akhilesh earlier said his party may support FDI if convinced it'll help small farmers, but papa Mulayam ruled against it.West Bengal -Ruling Trinamool has given Centre 72-hour to 'rethink' diesel price hike and FDI in retail.Madhya Pradesh - Move will hit small traders and grocers. 'We won't implement it,' says CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan.Bihar - Local retailers will be marginalized and millions of jobs will be lost, according to CM Nitish Kumar .Not decidedKarnataka - Jagadish Shettar govt will go through contents of policy before deciding, says state industries minister Murugesh Nirani.Punjab - Will study the fine print and then react, says CM Parkash Singh Badal.Jharkhand - Will decide after consulting people of state and local businessmen, says CM Arjun Munda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16405341", "title": "Robot bombs at mock drill, falters twice", "text": "NASHIK: Had it not been for a mock drill, an eventuality would have been certain at the City Central Mall, since a remote-operated robot deployed as an emergency safety measure, failed to perform its duty in course of a mock drill at Central City Mall on Friday morning. The robot was expected to carry an artificial bomb safely to an isolated area but faltered twice during the operation.The drill had been carried out in a bid to check the emergency response times of various departments and bomb detection.At 11.30am, the traffic department, quick response team, fire brigade, medical agency, local police station and bomb disposal squad were informed that a bomb- like object had been detected within the mall's premises.While the traffic department cleared traffic to make way for the entry other agencies, while the traffic department worked to keep pathways clear, cops at personnel of the the Gangapur police station and the quick response team rushed to evacuate the building. Electricity supply to the building was cut off and the fake bomb was brought down with a rope. However, if those who watched the entire exercise from a close angleWitnesses said the robot failed twice in itsattempt to move the bomb, dropping it on two occasions transport the object safely to its decided spot, before the bomb squad examined the object. Police said the drop was due to the weak handle of the bag which held the bomb.Many said that the remote operated robot dropped the bag of the bomb like subject on two occasions. While police officials put forth the excuse of the weak handle of the bag, people were left wondering had the bag of the same quality, what would be the excuse for the police.The exercise began at 11.30 am and ended at around 12.45 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16404374", "title": "Woman robbed at knifepoint at Chicalim", "text": "VASCO: A 55-year-old woman was robbed of her gold jewellery worth 3.5 lakh at knifepoint a short distance from the busy airport road at Chicalim on Friday morning.Three persons travelling in a white car drove up to Basanti Jain as she was headed to the main road from the Jain temple near the Navy Public School. It was about 11am.On the pretext of asking Jain for an address, the trio got her to stop. One then stuck out a knife and threatening to kill her if she raised an alarm, the trio got her to part with her four bangles, one gold chain and one mangalsutra.She was spared her earrings only because she had difficulty removing them, police said her complaint stated.Once the car had fled the scene, the Zuarinagar-resident contacted her husband Jayantilal, who owns a hardware shop at Zuarinagar, and her two sons. The family registered a case of robbery at Vasco police station. It is registered under IPC Section 392.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16404558", "title": "SC notice to Centre, UP govt on corruption in MGNREGA", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday issued notices to the Centre and UP on a petition accusing the state of stalling a CBI probe into alleged large-scale irregularities in the implementation of wage for work schemes in the state under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA).A bench of Justices Swatanter Kumar and S J Mukhopadhyaya issued notice on NGO Centre for Environment and Food Security's plea after counsel Prashant Bhsuhan informed the court that the state had been refusing to respond to the Centre's repeated requests for a CBI probe into irregularities in the implementation of scheme.Bhushan said the Union rural development ministry, which is the nodal agency for MGNREGA, had written twice to the CM on this, but the UP government rejected the request on both occasions.The rural development minister had written on October 24 and November 14, 2011, requesting for a CBI probe saying \"many serious and, in fact, brazen violations and cases of deliberate embezzlement of funds have been coming to the notice of Union ministry of rural development from time to time\".Last year, the apex court had directed the CBI to probe into implementation of MGNREGA in Odisha. On Friday, the court asked the state to file an affidavit on the steps it had taken to remedy the irregularities detected by the agency. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16408434", "title": "South-west monsoon weak in 20 districts over Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Rainfall was widespread in two districts; fairly widespread in three; scattered in three more; isolated in 13; and negligible in nine districts in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Saturday. South-west monsoon was normal in 10 districts and weak in remaining 20 districts. Rather heavy rain was recorded in four districts; moderate rain in 12 districts, light rain in five, very light rain in six districts; and no rain in three districts.Rainfall over Karnataka in above 24-hours is considered as isolated since 15% of the hoblis and gram panchyaths recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm. Agumbe in Thirthahalli taluk of Shimoga district recorded maximum rainfall of 60.5mmin the above 24-hour period. Widespread, moderate to rather heavy rain was received in Udupi and DK; fairly widespread, moderate to rather heavy rain in Shimoga, Uttara Kannada and Kodagu.Scattered, moderate rain was recorded in Chikmagalur, Davangere and Haveri districts; isolated, light to rather heavy rain in Chikkaballapur, Gulbarga, Hassan, Chitradurga, Gadag, Belgaum, Kolar, Mandya, Bellary, Tumkur, Koppal, Ramanagar and Dharwad districts. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state; Bangalore based Karnataka State Natural Disaster Monitoring Centre (KSNDMC) stated.Karnataka for the period June 1 to September 15 has recorded deficit rainfall of 21%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 739.3mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state received 582.9mm rainfall. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on September 15, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 1.9mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 4.5mm, a deficit of 58%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16402739", "title": "We are at God's mercy", "text": "BANGALORE: Jagadish (name changed), 42, has been working with BMTC for 15 years. He gets up at 5am when he's on the morning shift, reaches the depot at 6am and starts issuing tickets. As depots have no canteens, he begins work on an empty stomach.He travels over 135km-150 km every day and hardly gets time and space to sit. His love for his family and willingness to support the education of a 12-year-old daughter and 16-year-old son which makes him forget his leg aches, a symptom of arthritis.\"My trips get over around 2.30pm. But office work of cash clearance of ticket money goes on till 4pm. If a conductor for the next trip is absent, a conductor from the morning shift is asked to continue for the second shift which goes on till 10pm. We're not paid for overtime work,\" he says.By the time he reaches home, his children are either busy at studies or would have gone to sleep. His salary is Rs 15,500 per month.Like many conductors, he does night shifts too. \"We end up sleeping in the bus and it's mandatory. Inspectors come to see if we're taking care of the bus. Buses have no facility to even keep our belongings. When we go to distant places like Avalahalli, Hosakerehalli or any village-turned-layout, there are no restaurants and no toilets either. We are at God's mercy,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16405291", "title": "Appear before court, HC orders principal secretary", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Friday directed the principal secretary, cabinet coordination, to appear before it on September 19 to explain why the order of the court for disposing of representation of a daily wage employee of his department for regularization of his services was not complied with.A single bench of Justice V N Sinha issued the directive while hearing the contempt petition of Dhananjay Tiwari. Justice Sinha had directed the cabinet coordination department on September 2, 2011 to consider the case of the petitioner for regularization of his services in accordance with a government memorandum in six months from the date of the court order.Earlier, during hearing of the contempt petition, Justice Sinha had directed the principal secretary to file a show-cause. Instead of filing the show-cause on Friday, the principal secretary had communicated to the state counsel that the matter was under process. Not satisfied with this, the court directed him to appear and explain the matter.Railway compensation matter: A single bench of Justice Ashwini Kumar Singh on Friday rejected a writ petition of owner of a JCB machine vehicle, Vishwambhar Singh, who had sought compensation of Rs 4.72 lakh from East Central Railway (ECR) for continuing seizure of JCB machine vehicle for 59 days even as he had deposited the fine for wrong parking on railway land in West Champaran.Justice Singh held that the genuineness of the petitioner's claim has to be decided by the court of railway magistrate, West Champaran. The counsel of the ECR submitted that the petitioner had himself sought time from the ECR for re-registration of his JCB vehicle as the time of its registration had lapsed. Petitioner's counsel submitted that the JCB vehicle, which is used for cleaning and removing encroachments, was the source of his livelihood. Hence, its continued seizure was illegal and affected him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "16405584", "title": "Garbage mess: Students block road", "text": "BIJAPUR: Thousands of students studying in various educational institutions run by Jagajyoti Basaveshwara Vidya Vardhaka Sangha at Pulakeshi Nagar here staged a rally on Ibrahimpur road near ZP office on Friday demanding that the municipality clean the drainage and remove the garbage accumulated on school premises. They also wanted an approach road to the school to be repaired immediately.The students, along with teachers, blocked the road for more than an hour by boycotting classes K B Katti, a teacher, who led the rally said that the school administration had approached the municipality several times to repair the road and clean the drain. ``But nothing has been done so far.''Basavaraj, a student, said that the students were fed up with the attitude of the municipality. The drain water enters the school premises and it is impossible to play in the school ground. Another student Lakshmi said that due to bad smell emanating from the drain water, the students are facing health problems and some of the friends have fallen ill after complaining of vomiting sensation.\"L B Patil, institution administrator said, ``The municipality is ignoring our demands. So we decided to take out a rally as a last resort.'' Santosh Rathod, school head master, said, ``Due to poor road and drainage water entering the school premises, the students are not ready to sit in the classrooms and some of the students have remained absent several times.The students and the teachers called off the rally after police intervened and municipality officials promised to solve the problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16404812", "title": "Showers lash capital", "text": "BHOPAL: After a gap of few days, showers lashed the city on Friday. Ruling out presence of a system over the city or state, met department officials said localised development triggered showers.Bhopal city recorded a total of 3.1 mm of rain till 5.30 in the evening and a negligible 0.4 mm of rain was recorded in past 24 hours till 8.30 on Friday morning.The officials of the Met department, Bhopal circle, said upper air cyclonic circulation over Jharkhand could result into downpour in some parts of east MP. While showers in other areas were mainly due to moisture incursion that generally converts into rainfall during afternoon and evening hours, the officials added.The temperature hovered around the normal mark in city. The maximum temperature was recorded at 28.8 (-2) degrees Celsius against a minimum temperature of 22.9 (+1) degrees C.There is a possibility of one or two spells of thundershowers during the afternoon and evening hours in the city on Saturday, the weatherman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16404836", "title": "'Let the fest be eco-friendly'", "text": "MYSORE: Students of six different schools in the city participated in a jatha for an eco-friendly Ganesha festival on Friday.In the jatha, the students pledged to spread awareness on worshipping only clay Ganesha idols in their schools and in their neighborhood.Childrens' Movement for Civic Awareness (CMCA) and Indian Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air Conditioning Engineers had jointly organize the jatha.Mayor Rajeshwari Puttaswamy said that such processions should open the eyes of people who buy coloured idols and those made of plaster of Paris .The jatha started at Mysore City Corporation and went through Ramavilas Road, Narayanshastri Road, Sadvidya College before returning to the civic body's office. CMCA co-ordinator G R Vidyaranya said: \"If students are made aware of being eco-friendly, they will practise the same in future. Our aim is to make the young generation friendly with nature.\"Around 100 high school students from Andulus High School, Dalvoy High School, D Bhanumaiahs Boys' High School, D Bhanumaiahs Girls' High School and Pramati Hillvie Academy and Sri Paramahamsa Vidyaniketana High School took part in the jatha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16404756", "title": "Truck unions hike rentals by 10-15%", "text": "CHENNAI: Call it opportunism or knee-jerk reaction. Following the diesel price hike by the government on Thursday, trucker unions across India have raised rentals in key trunk routes by 10-15% effective Friday, even though the effective weighted average impact due to higher diesel prices is only about 6%. The immediate announcement could be an effort by operators to drive a hard bargain with clients.The hike in rentals means that a customer will have to now cough up about 10,000 more to get a truckload of goods transported from Chennai to Delhi than what he would have paid till Thursday. The government hiked diesel prices by 5 a litre (excluding local levies) effective Friday morning.\"Rental charges to transport a 9-tonne load from Chennai to Bangalore will now be about 16,000 or even 20,000 as against 10,000 or 13,000 earlier. We have to recover it from our customers,\" Anwar Basha, a Namakkal-based truck operator said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16403388", "title": "Trader murdered by servant", "text": "NOIDA: A soft drinks distributor was allegedly murdered by his servant in Phase-II area of Noida. The matter came into notice on Friday morning when the deceased's family found his body under the bed in his room.The police said that the 50-year-old businessman has been identified as Ram Kumar Tyagi, a resident of Bhangel in Phase-II area. The servant has gone missing after the incident. Ram Kumar was staying with his wife Sunita, daughter Neetu and son Chetan.\"He had gone to bed after dinner. His servant Jitendra also accompanied to massage him and other family members also went to sleep,\" police said. In the morning, the family found Tyagi lying under the bed. His neck has apparently been slit with a sharp edged weapon.The family informed the police about the murder. \"The servant Jitendra, a native of Bihar, is missing since the incident. The family had not got his verification done. He was employed for last five years,\" said a senior officer of Phase-II police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16405530", "title": "Overloaded school autos impounded", "text": "LUDHIANA: During a drive against overloaded autorickshaws ferrying schoolchildren, 12 autorickshaws were impounded and 19 issued challans by traffic police on Friday afternoon. The autos plying without proper documents had also faced action a few days ago in the city.The autos impounded on Thursday were being driven without any documents of the vehicle, said in charge of city traffic Beant Juneja.The traffic police laid check posts outside four schools \u2014 BCM School in Shastri Nagar, RS Model School in Shastri Nagar, KVM in Civil Lines and BVM, Kitchlu Nagar \u2014 on Friday.Juneja said the students were dropped at their respective schools before impounding the autos to avoid inconvenience to them. \"Majority of autos ferrying school kids had as many as 20 students stuffed inside against the normal capacity of six of an autorickshaw. The negligence of these drivers puts kids' lives in danger every day,\" he added.Juneja appealed to parents not to send their children to school in such overcrowded vehicles. The traffic police will carry on the drive at other city schools in the days to come, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16404263", "title": "Kundaim murder: Accused's clothes found abandoned on hillock", "text": "PONDA: Continuing its investigations into the Kundaim murder case, Ponda police recovered clothes of the accused Babu Mohar Ali, abandoned on the Kundaim hillock, on Thursday. Police said the accused had changed his clothes after allegedly killing Das on Sunday. The police had found the body of Mithun Das, 22, a native of Assam lying on a roadside behind Tapobhoomi on the road between the Kundaim IDC to Marcaim IDC on Sunday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403348", "title": "Erring private security agencies will lose licences", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has decided to crack down on private security agencies which do not comply with the norms. Home minister R R Patil has instructed police officials to cancel the licences of erring private security agencies operating in Maharashtra. A decision to this effect was taken at a fortnightly review meeting held in Mantralaya on Friday. The meeting, chaired by Patil, was attended by Amitabh Rajan, additional chief secretary, Mumbai police chief Satyapal Singh, JCP (crime)\u2014Himanshu Roy and other senior police officials.\"Patil is of the opinion that there is no control on the growing number of private security agencies and recruitment done by them. In order to have proper check on the unregistered private security agencies in the state, especially in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai, the home minister wants cops to verify the licences of these agencies. Patil has asked the department to initiate action on the erring security agencies,\" said a senior IPS officer who attended the meeting. \"The home minister has even asked the police to initiate the process to cancel licences of security agencies which have not been complying with the government norms,\" the IPS officer added.The need for review of private security agencies operating in the state surfaced after the murder of Pallavi Purkaystha (25), at her Wadala residence. Probe revealed that the lawyer was murdered by a watchman of the housing society. According to the home department , many security agencies in the state do not have proper licence to run the business. Some even provide armed guards for personal or institutional protection. \"An audit of all security agencies will help the government know how many of them are following the norms,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16404942", "title": "ACB acted against 30 revenue department officials this year", "text": "PUNE: Out of the 78 bribery cases registered in 2012 with the state anti-corruption bureau (ACB), Pune, 27 have been against revenue department officials like talathis and tehsildhars against whom action has been initiated.Deputy collector Kiran Bapu Mahajan and his assistant, Rajesh Shivaji Randive, of the district collectorate who were caught in an alleged bribe case of Rs 2 lakh on Wednesday night are also from the revenue department.Superintendent of police (ACB) Sarang Awad told TOI on Thursday, \"In the 27 cases against revenue officials, we have arrested 30 officials and seized bribe of Rs 3,21,950 between January 1 and September 13. The arrested include a class I official, one class II official and 28 class III officials and two private people.\"In 2011, the ACB had arrested 12 revenue officials - a class I official, a class II official and 10 class III officials - in 12 cases and seized bribe of Rs 55,400 from them.Awad said the ACB will take action against private people if they are found demanding or accepting bribe on behalf of a public servant as per section 8 of the Prevention of Corruption Act.He further said, \"It is not necessary that a public servant should have knowledge that a bribe demand has being made by a private person in his name. Action against the public servant can be taken only if he has knowledge that a private person is making bribe demands from the public in his name for getting their work done.\"The ACB will identify and take action against private persons or touts found operating at the district collectorate, revenue department, rationing offices and regional transport office and other government offices in the name of public servants, Awad added.Meanwhile, the ACB has arrested 34 policemen and seized bribe of Rs 1,96,700 in 25 cases in 2012. The others arrested in bribe cases are three each from land records, zilla parishad and social welfare departments; two each from PMC, MSEB, RTO and panchayat samiti and one each from irrigation, food and civil supplies, weight and measurement, sports , law and judiciary, dairy development, town planning, health and education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16403899", "title": "PV Sindhu shocks Olympic champion Li Xuerui", "text": "HYDERABAD: Her exploits against Chinese shuttlers have earned Saina Nehwal the nickname of 'Dragon Slayer'. On Friday, another shuttler from Saina's own city joined in the act.For some time now, Pusarla Venkata Sindhu has been talked about as Saina's successor. On Friday, as thousands of Chinese fans watched in stunned silence, the 17-year-old took a giant leap towards confirming that status with an incredible victory over newly-crowned Olympic champion Li Xuerui, 21-19, 9-21, 21-16, in the quarterfinals of the China Masters Super Series in Changzhou on Friday.With the three-game triumph against China's most consistent player of the year, Sindhu proved she is the next best thing for Indian badminton. \"I am extremely delighted. Though I wanted to beat her I never thought I could do it. She is in great form this year and beating her is just amazing. I began well in the third game and succeeded in maintaining that momentum,\" Sindhu said.However, Notwithstanding the biggest win of her career, Sindhu has no plans to celebrate. \"I have a match on Saturday. I know the occasion demands celebration but my concentration is only on my next match,\" said Sindhu, who reached her first Super Series semifinal.Sindhu will now meet fourth seed Jiang Yanjiao of China in the semifinal while world No. 1 Wang Yihan (China) will take on Sapsiree Taerattanachai of Thailand in the other semifinal.There was more cheer for India when Ajay Jayaram also made it to the semifinals in the men's section after defeating compatriot and national champion Sourabh Varma 12-21, 21-14, 21-16 in the quarters. However, R M V Gurusaidutt lost to Chen Long of China 8-21, 12-21. Jayaram faces Yun Hu of Hong Kong in the semifinals.Xuerui, who has won five titles this year including the Olympics and the prestigious All England Championship, had lost only once before this year this year. Incidentally, the other defeat was at the hands of Saina, in the final of the Indonesia Open on June 17.Though Sindu is ranked No. 24 in the world, the Chinese did not take her lightly. The fact that their chief national coach, Li Yongbo accompanied Xuerui to the court explained how serious the Chinese were about this match. Yongbo hardly takes the courtside seat unless the opponent is of the calibre of men's world No. 2 Lee Chong Wei of Malaysia or Saina.But despite the support of the most famous coach of the world, Xuerui could not get past the Indian youngster. The 45-minute enthralling battle witnessed fortunes swing either way before lady luck smiled on the lanky lass from Hyderabad.The daughter of former captain of Indian volleyball team, P V Ramana, Sindhu has been showing great promise for the last few years. She won the senior national title and a few minor events at the international level. But on Friday, she reached a different level. Beating a top Chinese player and that too in China is considered next to impossible in the world of badminton. But Sindhu did that with aplomb.Pouncing on the net to kill the high serve, employing the deceptive but powerful smash on the rival's backhand side and displaying immaculate ability to reach anywhere and retrieve everything, Sindhu was a treat to watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "16404244", "title": "QMC has no drivers for waste collection", "text": "QUEPEM: Although the Quepem municipal council (QMC) was provided with two mini-tipper vehicles for door-to-door garbage collection a fortnight ago, both vehicles have been lying idle in front of the municipality till date.Locals say that the vehicles were given a grand inauguration, but remain as 'show pieces' with the ribbons still on them. QMC received these tippers costing 11 lakh as special grants for waste management from the directorate of municipal administration.When contacted, chairperson of Quepem municipal council Dayesh Naik said, \"The mini tippers are at a standstill as there are no drivers and labour to start garbage collection. I, along with the councillors and the local MLA, called on urban development minister Francis D'Souza. He promised to provide the drivers and other staff and labour very soon. As soon as we get drivers we will start the work.\" Presently, QMC has a total number of eight vehicles and onlyfive drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16404993", "title": "Zipping through: Across the world", "text": "SINGAPORE , ELECTRONIC ROAD PRICING (ERP) SYSTEM (Installed in Central Business District)Implemented in 1998, ERP among earliest electronic toll tech Considered efficient and reliable Works on short-range wireless communication Device known as In-Vehicle Unit (IU) fitted on car's windscreen Toll plaza sensors link up with IU of every car that passes through Toll debited automatically and driver gets message on IU display Toll differs according to type of vehicle and time of day Mandatory for cars using paid expressways to have IUs installedDUBAI , SALIK SYSTEM (Installed at Al Garhoud Bridge)In Arabic 'salik' means 'open' Introduced in 2007 Doesn't need battery-run toll payment system like ERP in car All one needs is a prepaid card stuck on to the car's windscreen Using radio frequency identification, cards activated and read by overhead sensors at toll-plaza Toll drawn when car passes byFRANCE, LIBER-T SYSTEM (Installed on toll motorways across France)Electronic receiver, or a Liber-t box, attached to vehicle's windscreen Motorists with Liber-t use reserved lanes, and can glide through at up to 30kmph Barriers automatically pull open Users and their cars are registered online Users receive invoice for toll later Handier tags, cards fitted with radio-wave emitting transponders, can be bought These can be returned to company for cash refundCANADA , VIDEO TOLLING SYSTEM (Installed on the Highway 407 in Ontario)Toll collection without toll-booths Users need not buy e-devices Video cameras on gantries snap image of car number plate Vehicle identified using automatic number plate recognition technology, and amount billed Users registered with toll firm pay each time they cross hooking their credit cards to system If unregistered car passes by, system accesses transport dept", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16404551", "title": "Entrepreneurs step in to industrialise Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: In a move to make Madurai and other tier II cities more industrialised, a group of entrepreneurs launched an initiative called Nativelead, in association with CII and Nasscom , with their pilot project at the Thiagarajar College of Engineering, on Friday.Speaking at the launch of the programme, R Dinesh, Tamil Nadu chairman of CII, said this was an initiative which could bring about the required change to the region. He said 90 per cent of the people who went into companies were content to follow status quo and never questioned anything in the surroundings. Only people who came forward to question and innovate could form a better tomorrow. Five success stories from this initiative would change the environment, he felt.Karumuttu T Kannan, chairman of the Thiagarajar College of Engineering, where the pilot project is being launched, said it was a bold initiative which had come at the right time when the superfast express called job placements was slowing down. Students should pause and think about their future, beyond getting placed in big companies. What this initiative required was for a student to come out with a brilliant idea and get it validated by his peers and leave the rest to the board. It is high time innovative ideas of students went beyond farewell functions, he said. Kannan said he would be happy if his faculty could guide his students to bring out innovations from campus.R Sivarajah, director, Nativelead Foundation, said with the Indian population projected to have a predominantly young force aged below 30 in coming years, the private and government sectors would be able to offer employment only for 30 to 40 per cent of them. There was a danger of others who were left out becoming anti-social elements. Innovation and entrepreneurship would offer a solution to this problem.Nativelead aimed at creating awareness among students of today, and also sensitizing parents towards this. The foundation aimed at nurturing innovations within campus, through suitable means. The economic world was today being led by two per cent of its population, who had boldly become innovators and entrepreneurs.Dr V Abhaikumar, principal, Thiagarajar College of Engineering, said higher education today continued to be an open-ended process. \"We try to give a meaning to entrepreneurship during college days, but these programmes conclude with case studies,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16404731", "title": "DTS bus travel dearer from today", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A day after diesel prices went up by Rs 5 per litre, city bus operator Dream Team Sahara (DTS) has decided to implement the revised fee structure announced by the government on August 7. Though the state government had come out with a formal notification announcing hike in city bus fares, DTS had not implemented it till now. The hiked fares would be implemented in DTS buses from Saturday.\"The fare hike is imperative in view of the rise in fuel prices,\" DTS chairman Nishikant Mishra said. \"There was some technical problem for which we had postponed the fare hike,\" Mishra said.The housing and urban development department announced a hike of Re 1 for destinations within 0-12 kilometre, according to official release. Commuters would now have to pay minimum Rs 5 for travelling up to 0-3 km, Rs 7 for 3-6 km, Rs 8 for 6-9 km, Rs 9 for 9-12 km. A Rs 2 hike has been made for destinations ranging between 12-15 km, 15-18 km and 18-21 km. For 21-24 km slab, government has increased Rs 3. Similarly, one has to pay Rs 35 for travelling up to 30 km as against Rs 32 earlier.The fare went up for the first time ever since the city bus service was launched under the Jawaharlal Nehru Urban National Renewal Mission on October 10, 2010. At present 105 city buses are plying on different routes in Bhubaneswar, Cuttack, Khurda and Puri.Passengers said they would feel the pinch due to the fare hike. \"We can understand the reason of fare hike in the backdrop of rise in fuel price. But the frequent fuel price hike is affecting common people like us,\" said Shakti Prasad Rout, a college student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16403137", "title": "Jharkhand bandh today", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand Dishom Party has called a state-wide bandh on Saturday to press the demand for release of land at Nagri, acquired for constructing IIM and National Law University. The party has appealed to masses for supporting the bandh. The party has also demanded that the government should implement guidelines for domicile policy, give rights to the elected panchayat representatives, and regularize para teachers. JDP president Salkhan Murmu confirmed the bandh. Police have made elaborate arrangements to ensure that no untoward incident takes place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16405269", "title": "Tobacco ban to be enforced in 5 more districts", "text": "PATNA: After enforcing the provisions of Cigarette and other Tobacco Products Act (COTPA) in Patna and Darbhanga, the stakeholders would implement the tobacco control law in five more districts of Bhojpur, Katihar, Vaishali, Samastipur and Munger from October 2.The violators of COTPA would be punished under its relevant sections which include imposing a fine of Rs 200 for smoking at public places.It was decided on Friday at a workshop organized by State Health Society that was attended by officials concerned of Bhojpur, Katihar, Vaishali, Samastipur and Munger besides Patna and Darbhanga districts.A district-level road map was prepared for these districts. State Health Society and two NGOs - SEEDS and Delhi-based Hriday - will support in implementing the plan in each district. Under the plan, an attempt would be made to inform the public at district and block levels about the provisions of COTPA. Section 4 of the act prohibits the use of tobacco at public places. The violator can be slapped a fine of Rs 200. Section 6 of the act prohibits the sale of tobacco to minors and under 100 yards area of any educational institution. Darbhanga and Patna have taken a lead in the implementation of the act.However, some of the officers present at the meet complained that they hadn't yet received any copy of challans. The State Health Society claimed it has already dispatched the challans to the programme managers at district level and would ensure they also reach the authorized officers. A few participants said the departments which have to play role in enforcement of the law are already overburdened with their own departmental works. So, until a proper strategy is worked out, coordination is not possible, they said.A few officers also apprehended that it would not be easy to realize fine from the violators without the help of police personnel.Earlier, addressing the meet, health secretary-cum-executive director of the State Health Society, Sanjay Kumar , said tobacco control rules could be effectively implemented in the state only if all the departments, including health, education, police, excise and prohibition came forward to enforce it. \"The real challenge in its implementation lies at district and block level where close coordination among the departments is required,\" he said.The meet was also addressed by state consultant of national tobacco control programme, Masood Alam, who explained the challan mechanism. Hriday's Amit Yadav allayed the apprehensions by the enforcement officers at grassroots level and shared the best practices of Himachal Pradesh , Chandigarh, Mizoram and Sikkim in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16405028", "title": "IIM-Shillong's first entrepreneurship conclave begins", "text": "SHILLONG: 'Emerge', the first annual entrepreneurship conclave of IIM Shillong , was inaugurated jointly by Union minister of state for rural development Agatha Sangma and Keya Sengupta, director of the youngest B-school in the country here on Friday.In her address on the occasion, Sengupta said it was a matter of pride that Sangma, the youngest member of Parliament, was present at the inauguration of an event that stood for youth development and entrepreneurship. She stressed on the need for the involvement of youth in sustainable economic development , which would focus more on entrepreneurship and creating employment opportunities in the northeast rather than depending on the government for providing jobs.She congratulated the students for successfully organizing such an event that provides a platform to young enthusiasts to prove their mettle by becoming successful entrepreneurs.Sangma, on her part, expressed her happiness at being able to attend the unique event. She too said that the northeast is in need of budding entrepreneurs who would utilize the region's abundant, untapped resources.She stressed on the need for a \"balanced economy\", contrary to the currently prevalent economy that is characterized by concentration of wealth in the hands of a fortunate few.Agatha urged the participants to strive to transform the present \"skewed economic and social development\" in India into a more micro-level one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16404527", "title": "Bank, National Collateral Management Services Limited sign MoU", "text": "MANGALORE: City- based Karnataka Bank Ltd has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with National Collateral Management Services Limited (NCMSL) for warehouse receipt financing and collateral management services. The bank is financing against godown receipts/cold storage receipts issued by NCMSL under the bank's Krishik Bhandar Scheme (KBL) at an attractive interest rate.Generally, during the harvesting season prices of agriculture produce will be at lower levels. Hence, farmers can store their agri produce in godowns/cold storages of NCMSL. In the off season, farmers can sell the produce in the market at higher prices. Hence, farmers will benefit by availing finance under this scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16405122", "title": "Arunachal governor calls for conducive environment at project sites", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh Governor General (Retd) J J Singh has emphasized on the need to ensure a disturbance-free environment at all the developmental project sites in the state and called on opinion-makers and community leaders to create a conducive atmosphere at these sites so that projects are completed in time.Singh, who was briefed on the progress of work of the adventure tourism camping destination at Jote-Poma near here, stated that timely and proper implementation of these projects would be beneficial for the state and also for the local community. The governor has always advocated developing the tourism potential of Arunachal by creating upgraded amenities within and outside the state.Expressing his happiness over the pace of the project work at Jote-Poma, Singh, who knows the area well, cautioned against spoiling the greenery around the construction site, a Raj Bhavan communique said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407524", "title": "Nothing official about it", "text": "Five months after the Supreme Court (SC) made it mandatory for all private schools in Delhi and the National Capital Region (NCR) to follow the Right to Education (RTE) Act 2009 from the new academic session starting from 2013, schools in the region still have little clarity on its implementation. Most schools in Noida, Gurgaon and Ghaziabad started the registration process in August, while admissions were due to begin in September.Only in April, the apex court notified that all the schools \u2014 private and aided, would have to hold admissions based on the RTE guidelines. As per the Act, all schools except unaided minority institutions, will have to reserve 25% seats for students belonging to the economically weaker sections in the neighbourhood. Unlike Delhi, in which the nursery admissions open only in January, schools in the NCR region have begun the admission process even as they have not received any formal notification from the authorities in the region.According to NN Nayyar, principal, Apeejay School, \"Registration of students is in process, while admissions will start in another 15 days. As of now, we have not received any circular regarding the nursery admission guidelines from the Uttar Pradesh government. It is difficult to say right now, what procedure we will be following for the admissions.\"However, a number of schools in Noida and Gurgaon are awaiting the official order before they proceed with their pre-school admissions. \"We are going to have a meeting with the principals of various schools in the region to discuss the guidelines. We will be advertising for admissions shortly,\" says Kamini Bhasin, principal, DPS Noida.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16404637", "title": "HC sets aside impugned orders of Tamil Nadu uniformed services recruitment board", "text": "MADURAI: The Madras high court bench on Friday set aside the impugned orders of Tamil Nadu Uniformed Services Recruitment Board and directed the board chairman to allow 26 candidates to participate in the selection process.The candidates were declared ineligible and were not allowed to participate in the further process of selection. Their applications for Grade II police constable selection were rejected on the ground that they failed the physical test.The candidates moved the court, stating they were indeed eligible, following which Justice Vinod K Sharma constituted a committee of three doctors from Government Rajaji Hospital, who were directed to re-examine their height and chest measurements and to submit a sealed report to him.Pursuant to the order, a re-examination was conducted, whereby the doctors declared that the 26 candidates met the eligibility criteria.Therefore, Justice Vinod K Sharma set aside the impugned orders of the board and directed the chairman to allow the candidates participate in further selection process.Meanwhile, the judge dismissed writ petitions of 22 other candidates who also challenged the board's order. During re-examination, the candidates fell short of the eligibility criteria which led to dismissal of their petitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16404247", "title": "SC\u2019s RTI verdict throws up anomaly", "text": "NEW DELHI: In an unintended consequence of the Supreme Court judgment on RTI act, a \"judicial tribunal\" headed by a former Supreme Court judge or high court chief justice will be reporting annually to the executive, which in turn will table that document in the legislature.This statutory mandate under Section 25 of the RTI Act has been overlooked by Thursday's verdict while ordering at least a 50% reservation for retired judges in the information commissions at the Centre and in the states.Section 25 flies in the face of the Supreme Court's proclamation that the information commissions which adjudicate RTI appeals were judicial tribunals rather than \"ministerial tribunals\". For, had they indeed been envisaged as judicial tribunals, the law would not have required the information commissions to report their performance to the executive and the legislature.While laying down that an information commission will hereafter work in benches, each comprising a judicial member and an expert member, the 107-page verdict called it a judicial tribunal on the ground that it was \"part of the court-attached system of administration of justice, unlike a ministerial tribunal which performs functions akin to the machinery of administration\".Had it dealt with Section 25, the Supreme Court bench comprising Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar would have been hard pressed to explain how a body that is required by the RTI law to report annually to the executive and legislature could be regarded as a judicial tribunal.The attribute of a ministerial tribunal is in fact reinforced by the fact that Section 25 also requires various departments to submit annual reports to information commissions, which in turn are empowered to recommend corrective action to public authorities whose practices did not conform to the \"provisions or spirit\" of RTI.In holding the information commissions to be judicial tribunals, the Supreme Court also disregarded the spirit of its own judgment delivered last year on whether CBSE could be directed to show answer books under RTI. The bench headed by Justice R V Raveendran directed then that information commissions should monitor the performance of public authorities in carrying out their statutory obligation to make proactive disclosure of information under Section 4 of the RTI Act.Such monitoring responsibility conferred by the Raveendran bench indicated that the information commissions were not seen by it as bodies that would have to be as aloof as courts from executive functioning. The irony is that Justice Patnaik was part of the Raveendran bench as well.In another major omission, the bench failed to take into account that in the laws relating to judicial tribunals such as CAT and TDSAT, Parliament had expressly provided for a judicial member on each bench. The absence of such a provision in RTI showed that the legislative intent was to create an appellate mechanism that was free of judicial complications and therefore more accessible to information seekers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16404312", "title": "Govt puts cap on land allotment", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a bid to curb irregularities in land allotment to private organisations and individuals, the state government on Friday announced a new land allotment policy. The policy envisages the creation of land management authority to allot land to private parties and to oversee whether the land is utilised as per the guidelines.The new policy is a fallout of the recent controversies and irregularities in the allotment of land to public and private agencies, especially during the YSR regime, many of which are being probed by the CBI. There has been no uniform policy to allot land and fix the price for it in the state. By issuing GO (MS No 571), the government sought to remove the anomalies in land allotments. The GO even fixed the ex gratia to be paid to the land owners. To process the applications and recommending land allotment, the government has constituted the AP Land Management Authority by enlarging the existing empowered committee. Apart from laying down strict norms for utilisation of the land such as time frame to start the operations, resource mobilisation, environmental clearance and regulatory compliance, the new policy puts a cap on the extent of land allotment.For instance, for a cement industry, the requirement of land has been capped at 67 acres beyond which an additional 13 acres can be allotted for the extended operations. The extent of land for steel industry has been fixed at 40 acres, while an automotive industry would get 80 acres at maximum extent. While allotting land to the power plants, the new policy states that the guidelines of the Central Electricity Authority (CEA) will be adhered to. As per the GO, a thermal plant that uses imported coal with a capacity 3 X 660 MW which has a provision for a cooling tower and coal conveyor is entitled to 655 acres.As per the GO, the rehabilitation of the evacuees is the responsibility of the industry and the APIIC is the nodal agency to ensure the rehabilitation and resettlement. As for IT sector, in metropolitan areas, the eligibility for consideration for allotment of land is that the company should have a minimum employee strength of 500 on its rolls and sustained for the last two years with a minimum annual turnover of Rs 25 crore or investment of Rs 25 crore. It should also have been in operation at least for the last five financial years. Different guidelines have been formulated for cities like Vijayawada, Kakinada, Tirupati and Warangal.The land recommended for allotment will be based on creating a fresh direct IT employment of 500 and construction of 50,000 sft of office space for every one acre allotted within 3 years from the date of taking over possession of land.Failing to adhere to the condition will lead to cancellation of land to the extent to which proportionate employment is not generated. For product companies, the fresh additional employment to be created should be 200 per acre on the land allotted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16413742", "title": "Damarukam has 70 mins of VFX", "text": "Ever since the music of Nagarjuna - Anushka starrer Damarukam was launched amid much fanfare the movie has become the talking point of T-town. They are not talking about the music composed by Devi Sri Prasad mind you. The music has got flattering reviews no doubt but what has caught everybody's imagination are the special effects.If speculation is to be believed this movie is going to be the first Telugu film ever with over 70 minutes of special effects. It is learnt that the movie is loaded with some of most breathtaking visual effects ever for an Indian movie and is going to set a new bench mark as far as VFx standards go in India.A team of over 150 visual effects experts have been working on the movie for over a year now. Fire Fly, the company which worked on special effects for films like Magadheera is working on this film as well. The film inspired by the novel Immortals of Meluha is going to be a surreal experience for the audience it seems.Touted to be the most expensive film in Nagarjuna's career, this movie is sure going to be something to watch out for Nagarjuna's fans. The film is scheduled to release on October 19th.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16404727", "title": "Somali pirates want 16 men freed from India", "text": "CHENNAI: After attempting to negotiate with the government of India for 22 months since taking seven Indian sailors hostage, some Somalian pirates have got in touch with the family of one of the sailors urging the release of 16 pirates in exchange of the seamen.The pirates, in an email sent to the family on Tuesday, asked the family to reply immediately to the 'swap' proposal. The 16 pirates, arrested in different cases, have been in a Mumbai prison for more than two years.The sailor's family does not want to reveal the identity of the seaman, fearing danger to his life from the captors. The pirates had hijacked merchant vessel Asphalt Venture in September 2010 off the Somalian coast. The pirates let off nine of the 16 crew members and kept seven Indians in their custody. They said they had sent several messages to the directorate-general of shipping, India, but got no reply. At present, 43 Indian sailors are in the pirates' captivity, including 28 who were held this year. The pirates started active negotiations in January this year, and sent two more messages in July to the Indian authorities.The families had sent several appeals to the Prime Minister, the shipping minister and senior shipping officials.Mercy George, wife of George Joseph , a first engineer of Asphalt Venture, said she had approached the Prime Minister and senior cabinet ministers. \"Since the pirates are threatening now, I request the government to intervene immediately,\" she said.A senior DG Shipping official said Indian intelligence agencies had been trying to work out a plan to save the sailors. Antony Litten, 56-year-old father of another sailor, Danitson Antony, said there was no response from the government. \"I got his last call in July. He wanted to speak to my elder daughter and asked her to take care of me and my wife if he is killed by pirates,\" says Litten.Manoj Joy of Sailors Helpline said the governments and political parties usually ignored such cases because the sailors community not a vote bank. \"There is neither a policy to protect our sailors or rescue them from hijackers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16404415", "title": "Buldhana bundled in crisis", "text": "NAGPUR: The farm crisis in Buldhana will make you think it is a state rather than a district. On the northern end, farmers are praying for rains to stop and in the southern, they are desperately praying for a drizzle.Sangrampur and Jalgaon Jamod are on the southern foothills of Satpuda range. Like all other talukas, this belt has received excess rainfall. Crop damage in Khamgaon, Shegaon, Malkapur and Nandura talukas, which lie to the south of the two talukas, is minimum. Rainfall in the plateau area comprising Chikhli, Buldhana, Motala, Mehkar, Lonar, Sindkhed Raja and Deulgaon Raja talukas is scanty.The situation is so bad in these areas that government has requisitioned all private wells and is supplying water by tankers. Most of these taluka headquarters are receiving drinking water once in three days. In the coming days, it will be once in 10 days. Revenue officials are clueless on how to manage the situation next summer.Strangely, there is greenery everywhere. When you give a closer look you find grass on the bed of nullahs and there are very few small pools of water. This is because of rainfall in September. However, just a couple of weeks before it was a summer-like scene. Purna river, which is in spate in this season, flows placidly with half its bed lying exposed.There are three major dams in the district - Nalganga, Pentakli and Khadakpurna. The first has 13% storage, the second is 3% full and Khadakpurna's storage is less than zero (dead storage).In the southern half of the district, the eastern part has received more rainfall than the western one. Crisis in Lonar, the eastern-most taluka is relatively less than Sindkhed Raja and Deulgaon Raja talukas on the south-west end. Moreover, as you proceed south, the percentage of rainfall declines.Due to rains in September, it is green in this region. If you visit Sonushi village, south of Sindkhed Raja, on the border of Jalna district, the road side grass has traces of brown. There are no pools of water in nullahs.Soyabean has replaced cotton as the primary crop of the region. Most farmers also grow Moong, tuar and urad. A despondent Sharad Solanke of Sonushi village told TOI that 75% soyabean and cotton crop had been damaged. \"In case of timely and good rainfall, a soyabean plant has between 200 and 250 pods. This year the plants, which got water from sprinklers have just 35 to 40 pods and the ones dependent on rainfall have less than 10. There is nothing left of urad crop,\" he rued.Another Sonushi resident Dadarao Jadhav said drinking water was a bigger problem. \"There are four wells in the village. One is dry and the remaining three have been requisitioned by the government. The water level in these is also quite low and they will be dry in summer,\" he added.Lonar taluka has received some rainfall in last four to five days. Vikas Tejankar of Wadgaon is sowing moong, jowar and kardi (safflower) hoping it will continue to rain in coming days. As the rainfall here was better than the western part of Buldhana, Tejankar hopes his soyabean and moong crop will have some yield. \"However, if there is no rain, tuar crop will be completely ruined,\" he adds.Nagpur: Farmers always accuse government officials of downplaying the magnitude of crop damage in cause of natural calamities. However, in Buldhana district the situation is so bad that officials are not denying it. Government has declared drought in seven talukas of the district. On the other hand, some villages in Jalgaon Jamod and Sangrampur talukas are flood-hit.Rupesh Khandare, tehsildar of Sindkhed Raja, told TOI that rainfall was 55% deficient in the taluka. \"Till August 14 this taluka had received only 200 mm and hence government declared a drought. We have requisitioned 58 private wells for drinking water.\"Khadakpurna dam can meet our water needs for only three months at the most. Soon water supply will be once in 10 days. We received not a single drop between August 4 and 20, when it was required the most. The situation in northern part of the taluka is better than the southern,\" he said adding that the situation was similar in the neighbouring Deulgaon Raja taluka.Chikhli tehsildar Suresh Bagde said that government had pressed 10 tankers into service in the taluka and requisitioned 62 wells. Commenting on the district's scenario, he said, \"Most of the dams in the district, barring the northern part, are either completely dry or have very little storage. Tankers are being used to supply water in many areas. Soyabean, cotton, urad and moong crops have sustained heavy damage. The showers in September have only helped soyabean.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16407846", "title": "MP to vaccinate 18 lakh children", "text": "BHOPAL: Health Department plans to vaccinate 18 lakhs children in age group of 9 months till 10 years against measles in districts of Sagar, Damoh, Panna, Chhattarpur, Katni and Mandla. This is part of measles supplementary immunization activity which started in the year 2010 and up to 18 districts have been covered. 46 lakhs children have been vaccinated till now in MP.The measles supplementary immunization activity will start from September 17 onwards in the six districts and target is to reach 95 % of children in age group of 9 months and ten years.MP UNICEF Communication Specialist, Anil Gulati coordinated the workshop, said that media has an important role in reaching out with the information and can help make this campaign a success. The workshop was organized by Department of Health , UNICEF and WHO.Measles is a leading cause of childhood morbidity and She added that high coverage with two dose of measles vaccine can reduce and interrupt measles transmission mortality. Need is to reach out with information to all parents on the need of vaccination and its importance, he addedWHO officials said that the campaign will be for about 3 weeks, first week will be in school, and 2nd and 3rd week will be a community based campaign. Joint Director Immunization from the MP State Health Directorate was present at the meeting. He shared that State has made preparations for upcoming activity and all district immunization officers in six districts have been given instructions and materials for the round.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16404359", "title": "HC stays anti-defection proceedings against Gondia civic body president", "text": "GONDIA: The Nagpur Bench of Bombay High Court has stayed anti-defection proceedings against Gondia Muncipal Council president Deepak Nashine and member of its standing committee, Seema Bhalerao.The anti-defection proceedings were initiated against the duo after along with five other broke away from Congress party after municipal council elections which were held in December 2011.After the elections no single party gained absolute majority. In the 40 member house BJP-led coalition won 19 seats while Congress-NCP alliance also won 19 seats. In order to capture power the NCP brought in the two independents into the alliance. But some members of the Congress party were not in favour of this alliance. So, five of them, including Deepak Nashine and Seema Bhalerao, formed a separate 'Loktantrick Congress' party. They then elected Deepak Nashine as the president and Lokesh Yadav as the vice president of the municipal council. The Congress and NCP were left with no choice but to support their candidature so as to keep BJP-led alliance away.An angry Congress then approached the collector seeking action against Nashine and others under anti-defection law. But the collector is yet to take any action against the five.Fearing that the collector may buckle under political power, Nashine and the others filed a petition seeking quashing of anti-defection proceedings against them.Speaking to TOI, Nashine said that although law was in their favour but the collector may crack under political pressure. So he decided to approach the high court to get a reprieve. The court has also directed the collector to produce all original documents produced during the hearings so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16404314", "title": "Revenue officer hangs self", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 21-year-old revenue inspector attached to the MRO office at Bandlaguda committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling of his drawing room in the wee hours of Friday. Family members of the deceased, L Rakesh, alleged that the inspector ended his life as he was reprimanded by his higher ups in office.Police said Rakesh, a resident of Sridhar Colony, was found hanging by his mother Rukmini at 1.15am on Friday. \"Till 11 pm on Thursday, the family members watched TV after which Rakesh's mother and sisters went to sleep. Rakesh, however, said he will go to sleep after watching television for some more time. But when his mother chanced to check the drawing room, she saw him hanging,\" Meerpet inspector T Ravindar said.Police said this was the second suicide bid by the victim. On September 12, Rakesh tried to kill himself by taking sleeping pills . \"Rakesh did not leave any suicide note in office. This could have been the reason for his committing suicide. But we need to investigate the case before coming to a conclusion about the cause of his suicide,\" Meerpet inspector T Ravindar said. Rakesh was given the job on compassionate grounds following the death of his father. A case was registered under Section 174 (suspicious death) of CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16405538", "title": "Gurgaon development plan changed for Kanda aides", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana government is silent over the \"circumstances\" in which it hurriedly tweaked the draft development plan of Gurgaon-Manesar urban complex 2031 to include a 40-acre land belonging to business partners of former Haryana home minister Gopal Kanda, now in jail in the Geetika suicide case.Principal secretary of town and country planning department S S Dhillon said the draft was changed only after a debate in the committee. \"If circumstances warrant, nothing in the prevalent law stops us from reframing the plan,\" he said. He, however, refused to say what the \"circumstances\" were.\"The industry department made a reference for further planning, stating that the SEZ is not making any progress and a piece of land has been returned by a developer. The municipal corporation (Gurgaon) wanted certain land to be included in the plan instead of keeping it as an agriculture zone.\"When asked whether only 40 acres of land was included in the revised plan, Dhillon said, \"I don't recall the exact figure. I only recall that after the final draft plan of year 2008, around 2,500 acres of land had been added in the draft plan.\" He said he was not aware who owned the 40-acre land \"because the development plan was not prepared seeing the ownership of the land but keeping in view the requirements of expansion of the city.\"In the first draft plan prepared on June 7, 2012, there was no mention of the 40 acres in Sector 68 of Gurgaon. The land was included in the second draft plan approved on August 29. Purchased in early 2012, its status was changed from agriculture to residential within three months of the deal.Kanda was arrested in connection with the suicide of his former employee, Geetika Sharma, on August 18. Eleven days after his arrest, the state-level committee approved the draft plan for the Gurgaon-Manesar belt.Real estate firm Sarv Realtors Pvt Ltd, which owns the 40 acres, has Navneet Kumar and Tej Prakash as directors. They are partners in Gopal Kanda's other firms. When the land was purchased, Kanda was minister of state for home and holding independent charge of the urban local bodies department.The firm had applied for a housing project to the Gurgaon corporation, which on May 17 replied that every physical development in Gurgaon is to be regulated in accordance with Gurgaon-Manesar development plan published in 2010. The corporation maintained the site was located in an agriculture zone. Later, the government allowed change of land use to add it to the residential zone.The state-level committee, under the chairmanship of chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda, had on August 29 directed the town and country planning department to publish the draft plan after carrying out the amendments in the official gazette for inviting objections. The committee also approved the addition of \"some\" area in Sector 37D and 68 of the residential area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nagapattinam", "code": "16404620", "title": "3 children die of suspected dengue", "text": "NAGAPATTINAM: Three children from two coastal areas of Akkaraipettai and Nambiar Nagar in Nagapattinam have died of suspected dengue in the past few days, including a death on Friday. Nine other persons have tested positive for dengue and are being treated at the Raja Mirasudhar government hospital in Thanjavur.Dr Selvin, deputy director of health services, Nagappattinam told TOI that \"three infants suffering from a mystery fever admitted in the Nagappattinam government hospital died in the past few days including one death on Friday. The card test confirmed dengue fever , but it cannot be taken into account if the ELISA test is not conducted. Since there was no facility here, it was not confirmed. Moreover, two more infants have also died in the past two days, but they tested negative.\"\"Besides this, we referred 22 persons suffering from a mystery fever to the Raja Mirasudhar government hospital in Thanjavur. While nine of them tested positive for dengue, the rest of them tested negative,\" he added. Fogging has been intensified in Akkaraipettai and Nambiar Nagar where a large number of patients fall ill. Since the water is supplied once in four days, residents have to store it in their house which causes the breeding of mosquitoes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16403019", "title": "Red Ribbon Express-3 strikes a chord with youth", "text": "RANCHI: The Red Ribbon Express-3 was an instant hit with the youth, many of whom visited the train and gained valuable information related to HIV/AIDS on Friday, the first day of the three-day event.The youngsters made a beeline at platform no 1 of the Ranchi railway station since the morning. They were inquisitive to know more about AIDS. \"We are happy that through this train we are getting valuable information. We have seen the kind of stigma attached to the fatal disease. This has made me even more curious about AIDS,\" said Anjali Kumari of Yogada Satsang Kanya Vidyalaya.Coach no 2 had a phone where people could hear a pre-recorded message from a doctor on picking up the handset. According to the data collected in the train, there were approximately 50 students who used this system.Akash Mahto from SS High School in Argora said, \"The presentation was good. The telephone system in coach no 2 was the best part about the entire affair.\"Many students also thronged the testing and counselling coach. \"After receiving such a lot of vital information, I was wondering if arrangements had been made for us to get tested. I wanted it done for my satisfaction. Therefore, I came here,\" said one of the students.Around 40 students visited the coach where the counseling was being done and tests were being conducted. \"I am providing counselling for sexually transmitted diseases as well. Most of the cases which came to me till now were related with urinary tract infection among the boys,\" said Dr Satyajit Kumar Singh, counselor in the male section.All other coaches also lured the students due to the presentation inside. \"Without any inhibition, we can satisfy our queries here. This is usually not the case in the schools or among friends ,\" said Ashish Srivastav, student of Gossner College.The RRE-3 at platform no 1 was inaugurated by the deputy chief minister, Hemant Soren. There were six coaches, out of which the first three coaches provided general information about HIV, how it spread and how it can be preventedAdditional project director, Birendra Prasad said, \"The enthusiastic youth came here despite the bad weather. They are our main target group.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16404306", "title": "Vegetable vendors expect fall in demand with price rice", "text": "NAGPUR: No sooner did the government increase the diesel price by Rs 5 a litre on Friday, vegetable vendors across the city decided on a 10-15% price rise in all farm produce.There could also be a proportional increase in the prices of other commodities that are transported to the city from other districts and states. Nagpur gets many of its vegetables from neighbouring districts and states like Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh.\"Vegetables prices will increase around 15% as truck owners and their associations are bound to increase the transportation costs,\" said wholesale vegetable vendor Naresh Bawankule.He said the buying or selling of vegetables doesn't go below a certain level, even if they are priced very high. \"We deal in commodities that people have no choice but to buy. Our sales go down only when there is a major drop in supply,\" said a vegetable vendor at Gokulpeth market, Nehal Badgujar. He admitted though that it does pinch the pocket of the middle class consumer.Another vendor lamented the unemployment that would come about with this hike. \"Seasonal vendors would not put up their stalls any more, and would prefer not to sell anything,\" he said.\"Customers will also refuse to buy in good quantity and sales would come down, leading to no wages for labourers,\" said Shobha Gabne, another vendor.With just a week left for the festival season to commence, the hike in diesel price will play spoilsport for common people, especially the middle-class and those below the poverty line. With day-to-day commodities getting expensive, even the middle class is worried whether it can maintain its standard of living.\"The hike in veggie prices will make it unaffordable even for the middle class to consume them. This may well result in a lower standards of life,\" said Ankita Bhave, an employee at a travel agency.Teacher Jaishree Jayachandran said, \"People with average income will have to compromise on their choices and quantity. They will have to learn to live with whatever little they can afford.\"\"Inflation in essential goods indicates severe inefficiency on the part of government. If citizens are faced with a situation where it is difficult to buy even vegetables, the government has some serious questions to answer,\" said tailor Sumit Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16404621", "title": "Corporation to crack down on govt offices defaulting on property tax", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai will recover arrears from government and public institutions in a bid to improve property tax collections.After reports that public institutions defaulting on tax payments could have contributed to the accumulated arrears, mayor Saidai S Duraisamy has asked the revenue department to study tax payments made by public institutions. \"He asked them to look at magistrate complexes, police stations, housing board apartments and slum board tenements,\" said a corporation source.\"All government institutions are given a grant from the state government, from which they are supposed to pay property taxes,\" said a source in the high court. For police stations too, property tax is included in the annual police budget.The mayor also asked the department to focus on theatres and malls. \"They own land in the heart of the city, so there is a suspicion that they have not been paying property taxes,\" said the source. The department has also been asked to regularise and begin taxing private market places in Royapuram, Pattalam, Washermenpet, Tondiarpet and Vyasarpadi. Tax levied on cell phone towers in private properties is also going to be part of the report. In 2011, after the corporation's limits were expanded, property tax collection was pegged at 545 crore, but less than 300 crore was collected at the end of the financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16403009", "title": "Arjun Munda issues orders", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Friday ordered land reform and revenue department to ensure hundred percent status quo on all construction work going on in Tata sub lease area in Jamshedpur.The order was issued based on the recommendations of Debasish Gupta Committee on sub lease of land by Tata Steel. The chief minister has also asked the department to not process any sub lease documents for areas within Tata Steel lease area till further order. Sources in CM secretariat said that the decision was taken by Munda after the Debasish Gupta committee found large scale irregularities in sub lease by Tatas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407959", "title": "Will diesel price hike correct demand skew in car market?", "text": "Will the increase in diesel price help correct the current skew in favour of diesel vehicles in the Indian market? The car industry is currently battling a huge and sudden diesel skew thanks to the repeated increases in petrol prices. As a result car makers are left with huge inventory of petrol models which have been sluggish in the market despite the big discounts that are backing them. Car companies now have anywhere between 24,000 to 35,000 cars as factory stock and 40-45 days inventory as dealership stock of petrol vehicles, much higher than what is normal even during the pre-festive season stock up.Auto industry apex body SIAM has indicated that the recent increase in diesel price will help bring down the cost differential between the two fuels and therefore help correct some of the skew in the marketplace. SIAM president S Sandilya said recently, \"We welcome the increase in diesel prices as this step by the government will help reduce distortion in fuel price up-to some extent.\"\"Diesels prices had been kept stagnant by the government since June 2011,\" he added, \"despite increases in the overall crude prices in the international markets. This price correction will help the government recover some part of subsidy going to the fuel account. It is also important to note that the petrol prices have not been increased simultaneously, while excise duty has been brought down giving relief the oil industry.\"While the petro industry impact is clear what it will mean for the car industry is less so. \"It is difficult to predict the impact on the demand for vehicles at this stage,\" a dded Sandilya . Car marketers say the differential is still big enough for customers to opt for diesel vehicles but along with the discounts on offer the new price regime may help clear the pipeline of petrol cars. If backed by a rate cut, even the Rs 5 price hike for diesel may spell good news for petrol models, say sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16405553", "title": "Yet another hot and humid week ahead", "text": "LUDHIANA: The sultry days at the fag end of the monsoon have been giving a tough time to city residents. This hot and humid weather may continue to make the days difficult this week as the weather expert predicts a delay of about 8-10 days in withdrawal of monsoon from the city.The maximum temperature in the city has been 2-3 degrees celsius above the normal in the past few days, says assistant agrometeorologist at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) Kulwant Kaur Gill. \"Even the minimum temperature has stayed above the normal of 23 degrees celsius for this time of the year. The maximum temperature on Thursday was around 36 degrees celsius whereas the minimum was around 25 degrees celsius,\" says Gill.She adds the morning and evening humidity levels too are higher than the normal of 86% and 58%, respectively, at 95% and 60%. \"The uncomfortable weather is instigated by the absence of wind and widespread showers in the past few days. Since is has been raining in patches, the city is experiencing humid days and nights,\" she says.BRS Nagar based businessman Gurpreet Singh says they have been waiting for the monsoon to end as the weather after that will be pleasant. \"Last week was quite humid and the news that the next one would be similar is a little troublesome,\" he adds.Anjali Arora, a homemaker from Kitchlu Nagar, says the weather has also caused health problems among residents as many have fallen prey to viral fever.Even on Friday, early morning showers provided a good start to the day, though humidity increased as the sun came out later during the day. City recorded 2.8mm rainfall on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16406760", "title": "Who scripted Vikram's Thaandavam?", "text": "The latest buzz about Vikram's upcoming film involves its script. Apparently, an assistant director has claimed that it is his script that the filmmakers have taken and made into Thaandavam without giving him due credit or money. The issue is pending with the directors' union for the last few weeks and no settlement has been reached.A source claims, \"An assistant director called Ponnuswamy, who has worked with Radhamohan, had narrated a script to the movie's producer in August 2011. Though the makers promised to make a film out of that script, they later backed out of it. Now, it looks like the same script has been made into a film by Vijay. Ponnuswamy has complained to the Directors' Union a month back and the issue is still not resolved.\" We hear that Ponnuswamy has been offered money but that he's insistent on having his name in the credits.The spokesperson of the production house said, \"Ponnuswamy did give us a script last year but we returned it saying we already have something similar involving a blind person and that his script was not up to the mark and we could not make that film.\"The spokesperson adds that the movie has been shown to them and the Directors' Union, and a request was made for giving Ponnuswamy credit as his story also involved a blind protagonist. How can we give credit when there are absolutely no similarities, is their question.Director Vijay spoke about this issue, stating, \"The movie has been shown to Ponnuswamy and the Directors' Union. The Directors Union just told me to continue my work. And we haven't made any offer of money to him either.\"So as of now, the issue is in the Directors' Union's court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16402835", "title": "Rape accused arrested in Sikar", "text": "JAIPUR: The police on Thursday arrested two students a day after a college girl, who they had allegedly raped, committed suicide by consuming poison in the Fatehpur police station area of Sikar.The girl's family members alleged she had been kidnapped by two youths while she was on her way to home from college. The girl had told her uncle about the rape and when he was going to lodge a police complaint, the girl took the extreme step.According to the police, the girl Chandrakala, 18, was a resident of Garinda village in Sikar. \"She was staying at her uncle's house in Jalalpura village near Fatehpur and was a first year BA student at Dhanuka College,\" said a police officer.The girl was walking to her uncle's house after college when two youths, identified as Dharmendra and Ramprasad, kidnapped her and took her to an isolated place on Wednesday.\"They raped her and threatened her to not tell anybody about it. However, the girl mustered courage and told her uncle about the incident on Thursday. The uncle said that he was going to the police station to lodge an FIR when the girl went to her room and consumed some poisonous substance,\" said the officer.On the basis of the statements of her family members, police said that the girl took the extreme step because of the humiliation she was undergoing.\"We have arrested Dharmendra and Ramprasad,\" said the officer.EomJaipur: The police on Thursday arrested two students a day after a college girl who was allegedly raped by them committed suicide by consuming poison in Sikar's Fatehpur police station area. The girl's family members alleged that she had been kidnapped by the two youths while she was on her way home from college and raped her. The girl had told her uncle about the rape. While he was leaving to lodge a police complaint, the girl took the extreme step.According to the police, the girl Chandrakala (18) was a resident of Garinda village in Sikar district. \"She was staying at her uncle's house Jalalpura village near Fatehpur and was a first year Bachelor of Arts (BA) student at Dhanuka College,\" said a police officer.The girl was walking to her uncle's house after college when two youths, identified as Dharmendra and Ramprasad kidnapped her and forced her to come to an isolated place on Wednesday.\"They raped her and threatened not to tell to tell anybody about the rape. However, the girl mustered courage on Thursday and told her uncle about the incident. The uncle said that he was going to the police station to lodge an FIR. Meanwhile, the girl went to her room and consumed some poisonous substance,\" said the officer.On the basis of the statements of her family members, police said that the girl took the extreme step feeling humiliation.\"We have arrested Dharmendra and Ramprasad,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403272", "title": "Hike in airport prepaid cab levy", "text": "MUMBAI: The service charges levied on prepaid black-and-yellow taxis and Cool Cabs at the airport have been increased to Rs 30 from Friday.Airport officials said it was a \"marginal\" increase. However, taxi unions stated that the black-and-yellow cab charges were increased from Rs 10 to Rs 30 while those for Cool Cab were hiked from Rs 15 to Rs 30.Cabbies, who have backed commuters over the increase, wrote to the authorities, opposing the move and demanded a rollback within two days. \"If you look at the hike, there is no benefit for the taxi driver,\" said local union leader Irshad Ali.\"A passenger pays the extra charges to airport authorities. However, at the same time, our overall tariff goes up and this could affect our business. People may prefer switching over to fleet taxis and we will lose passengers in the long run,\" he added.Taxi unions plan to agitate if the rates are not rolled back. \"We provide parking space for taxis and to maintain it we deploy personnel. The hike is not for profit, but for operational purposes,\" an airport official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16403144", "title": "Action against 2 edu officials for felling 400 trees", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Deputy commissioner of Hazaribag Manish Ranjan has written to the state government for taking immediate action against two senior education officials for allegedly felling 400 eucalyptus and sesum trees planted in two acres of land of the school.The action was recommended against former principal of state basic primary school at Panchmadhav Sunil Kumar Keshri, who is currently block education officer (BEO) at Bhavnathpur in Garhwa District, and acting principal of the same school Ramsevak Dangi, currently BEO at Vishnugarh in Hazaribag.The DC on receipt of complaints from the people of the area about the alleged felling of such a huge number of trees on the school campus ordered an inquiry by the SDO and on receipt of the report wrote to the government for initiating departmental proceeding against them. The two officials sold the felled logs of the trees in the market and pocketed several lakhs of rupees without depositing it in the school account. The DC said the plantations were made by the gram shiksha samiti and the officials sold them in the open market violating government normsand can be termed as embezzlement of government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16403884", "title": "You\u2019re allowed to export ore: Parrikar to miners", "text": "PANAJI: Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar on Friday met mining stakeholders on the ongoing mining controversy and assured companies that they will be allowed to export the iron ore which is lying in jetties, said Shivanand Salgaoncar, president of the Goa mineral ore exporters' association.This decision of the government has brought some relief to the mining sector, which is panicking in view of the state government's decision to suspend mining operations till the verification of documents. The union ministry of environment and forest's announcement that they would suspend environment clearances didn't help, either.\"The CM has said that ore lying at jetties will be allowed to be exported after payment of royalty,\" said Salgaocar, speaking to mediapersons. Salgaocar said that Parrikar added that all the verification of documents will be done expeditely and, by the end of November, those who have the permissions and whose documents are complete, will be allowed to resume operations.Asked for his reaction on the MoEF decision, Salgaocar said that he has not seen the order and that \"when it comes to us, we will reply.\"During the meeting, chief minister Manohar Parrikar told mining companies to get all the documentation in order to be verified. Parrikar also said that royalty has already been paid for the ore which is lying on jetties.The chief minister also stated that the order to suspend mining operation has very clearly said that the ore which has already been extracted will not be included in the ban; that this ore can be exported subjected to verification.\"If it's found illegal after verification, we won't allow them to export it,\" Parrikar said, adding that it won't pose a problem for the state treasury, and that nothing will be stopped just because of less revenue from the mining sector.Parrikar said that he kept in mind the possibility that Goa will face a problem of closure of mines, like Karnataka, and that he has already made plans to generate revenue for the state.In a related development, representatives of the all Goa truck owners association and mining area MLAs met Parrikar on Friday and asked the CM that government should start legal mining as soon as possible. The truck owners association blamed previous government and the MoEF for illegal mining in the state. The association also requested the MoEF not to play politics on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16404897", "title": "Lansdowne will be partly demolished", "text": "MYSORE: The legendary Lansdowne Building will be partially demolished to strengthen and beautify it if the Mysore City Corporation (MCC) has its way.On Friday, the MCC council decided to accept the recommendations of C S Vishwanatha and Syed Shakeeb Ur Rahman, civic engineering experts, to partially demolish the structure. It rejected the findings of conservationist Govindan Kutty of the Indian Heritage Cities Network Foundation (IHCN-F). Kutty had argued for total conservation without going in for any demolition.The MCC's decision is a setback to conservation. It's feared it'll set a precedent when the structural stability of old structures is reviewed. The civic body has decided that the Vani Vilas Market and Mandi Market, the city's two important markets, have outlived their utility and is planning to raze them. With the council giving a go-ahead for partial demolition of Lansdowne Building, the fate of these structures hangs in the balance.The House resolved to go in for reconstruction in parts and also to extend alternative arrangements for the tenants, who will have to pay the market rates once the structure is strengthened. The MCC is looking at funds from the state government for the project, estimated to cost Rs 3.5 crore as per Vishwanatha report, which says the project can be completed in six to eight months.After a two-hour long discussion, mayor Rajeshwari Puttaswamy said the MCC will accept Vishwanatha's recommendations. However, the tenants are not impressed. M R Vijayakumar, vice-president of the Lansdowne Building Tenants' Association, who sat through the discussion, said they are unhappy.\"They could have restored the building as originally planned by the MCC before the tragedy,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16404390", "title": "Power price raised from Rs 9 to Rs 17 per 100 units", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government formally issued a notification to revise the energy duty which would now be levied at the rate of 5 per cent of the energy charges on Friday. This way, a consumer will be required to pay at the rate of around Rs 17 per 100 units, as against Rs 9 which was the case earlier.The revised energy duty will add to the burden on industries which are likely to see a rise in energy charges of around 40 per cent. While the energy duty will add to the coffers of the state government, the revised energy charges will raise the revenue levels of UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL).Meanwhile, on Friday, the corporation also decided to round up rural consumers and recover revenues from them. Presiding over a review meeting, principal secretary, energy, Anil Kumar Gupta said there are around 40 lakh unmetered consumers who are paying power bills which are not more than Rs 150 per month. \"This does not match the amount of power supplied to these consumers,'' he said.The corporation decided to constitute a team of engineers who would be taking stock of the billing process in the rural areas. Managing director, UPPCL, AP Mishra said the respective engineers will be required to maintain a register of action taken against the erring consumers.The UPPCL has been recovering revenue at the rate of around Rs 1,200 crore per month. Mishra said this needs to be increased up to Rs 13,50 crore per month.The corporation is facing a revenue deficit of more than Rs 18,000 crore. The massive deficit has been coming in the way of broader reforms that the state government seeks to take to improve the power sector, especially by installing new power plants in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16404386", "title": "Pawar urges PM to open legal mines", "text": "PANAJI: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) national president and union minister for agriculture, Sharad Pawar , called on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday and discussed the mining issue in Goa in the wake of the Shah commission report on illegal mining. Party spokesman in Goa, Avinash Bhonsle, said that Pawar has apprised the PM of the closure of mines in Goa, and about the possible fallouts of the closure. He urged the PM for speedy action to open the mines which have necessary permissions.Pawar also advised both the Congress and BJP not to politicize the issue and refrain from action which may result in irreparable damage to the state's economy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16402987", "title": "SC to hear Syed Mohammad Kazmi bail plea on October 4", "text": "NEW DELHI: Observing that an important \"question of law\" was involved, the Supreme Court posted the final hearing of journalist Syed Mohammad Kazmi's bail plea to October 4. Kazmi is accused in the February 13 terror attack on an Israeli diplomat.Besides seeking bail in the case, Kazmi has also challenged the powers of the magistrate to deal with cases lodged under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA). The apex court sought response from the Centre on Kazmi's contention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16405527", "title": "3 held for playing DJ music during Ganesh procession", "text": "VADODARA: Ganesh mandals members taking idols of the elephant-headed god to their pandals may face the music if they are caught playing songs loudly on DJ system en route in coming days.Organizers of a Ganesh pandal in Manjalpur faced police action when they were seen playing loud music on DJ system while on their way to the pandal on Thursday night.City police commissioner Satish Sharma, who happened to pass from Manjalpur area at about 9.15 pm, noticed the members of Bajrang Yuvak Mandal dancing to the DJ music near Lalbaug bridge. Sharma immediately asked the cops to take action. The Navapura police reached the spot and arrested three people for flouting the police notification. They were released on bail on Friday.According to Sharma, the notification has banned playing DJ music in public areas except on the immersion day. The cops also seized their music system. However within an hour, other Ganesh pandal members were seen playing loud music and dancing in the middle of the road in the same area.\"The pandal organizers can't play music on DJ system, except on the day of Ganesh immersion. I saw them playing the music loudly and blocking the traffic,\" Sharma told TOI.Members of Bajrang Yuvak Mandal (BYM) protested against the action and refused to move the Ganesh idol from the main road for quite some time. While the police was quick to act against BYM youngsters, several other pandal organizers, who were taking Ganesh idols amid loud DJ music in many areas of the city on Thursday night, were fortunate enough to escape any police action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16396007", "title": "Fix potholed roads in Mira-Bhayander before Ganesh festival, urge organisers", "text": "MUMBAI: Ganesh festival organisers in the Mira-Bhayander region are worried about the bad condition of roads, even as the civic administration has promised to fix the potholed roads before the Ganesh Chaturthi festival begins on September 19.Organisers have pointed out that most of the main and arterial roads in the region are filled with potholes leading to fears of damage to idols while transportation. The pathetic condition of roads has been blamed on the shoddy work done by contractors. Heavy rains since the past week has only worsened the roads.After much outcry by corporators and organisers, the Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC) has earmarked a fund of Rs 3 crores to fix the potholes before the Ganesh festival. Civic officials have promised to fix potholes of main roads by September 17. Arterial roads will be addressed by September 13 before the big Ganesh idols proceed for immersion.The Rs 3 crores is in addition to the money spent on construction and repairs of roads every year. The civic administration has warned contractors against shoddy job. Interestingly, the municipality has so far not taken any action against road contractors for using inferior material despite the condition of roads getting from bad to worse with each passing year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403679", "title": "Building project near Arthur Road jail gets stop-work notice", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic body has issued a stop-work notice to an underconstruction tower near Arthur road jail for violating conditions laid down by the state home department. The project is being carried out by Shanti Nagar Ventures, a subsidiary of DB Realty Ltd.The building is barely 150 m from the prison where Pakistani terrorist Ajmal Kasab is lodged. The home department gave an NOC to the builders in 2009, saying till the final judgment on Kasab was not given, work on the sale component of the building could not be started. Work stopped at the plinth level. Following changes in the plan, the builders asked for permission from the BMC, which did not give their assent for further construction as the NOC conditions had been violated.Former IPS officer and lawyer YP Singh, who pursued the matter, said the stop-work notice had been given to the entire project on September 1.A spokesperson for DB Realty said, \"The home department had set conditions on the structure owing to security reasons. Based on the earlier Commencement Certificate, we have completed the plinth work and asked the BMC for further CC. As Kasab's trial is over, the conditions are no longer applicable. But the BMC was not sure if it was over. Under RTI Act, we found from the police commissioner's office that a decision in Kasab's trial was given on May 6, 2010. We have submitted it with the BMC. We are now awaiting further CC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "adilabad", "code": "16404316", "title": "Swimmer drowns during search", "text": "ADILABAD: A swimmer, who was searching for a person who drowned in the village tank on Thursday, also drowned at Sarvaipet village in Adilabad's Kotagiri mandal. Chilukaiah along with two others entered Bandaru Cheruvu (tank)to fish out the body of Balaiah and drowned during the search operations.Balaiah had ventured into the village tank to wash clothes on Thursday afternoon and drowned in the waters.Police later conducted a search and brought out both the bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "16402867", "title": "Peace reigns on Gopalgarh anniversary", "text": "ALWAR: Regular patrolling by paramilitary and armed police forces on Friday marked the first anniversary of the Gopalgarh violence that had claimed lives of 10 people and left 38 others injured. Schools and market places remained closed, bringing life in the town to a standstill. As the residents preferred to remain indoors, the administration heaved a sigh of relief. After Friday prayers at the local mosque, the residents also went home in a peaceful manner.According to senior police officers, only medical shops and vegetable vendors were open in Gopalgarh, while the markets were closed.\"In nearby towns, including Pahari, Kaithwara, Sikari, Amruka, Nagar, Deeg, the situation was completely normal,\" a senior police officer said.Most private and government schools had declared a holiday on Friday as a pre-emptive measure. Buses did not ply through Gopalgarh keeping in view of the tense situation.\"Paramilitary forces had been deployed. The police personnel also remained on high alert,\" an officer said.IG Bharatpur Anand Srivastava, SP Anshuman Bhomia and other senior police officers also camped in Gopalgarh to supervise the deployment of the police forces.The police did not allow anyone to enter the disputed land which had triggered the violence last year.Members of BJP organized peace prayers in Alwar and Bharatpur districts. Manoj Sharma, a representative of the BJP's Bharatpur unit, said earlier the party had planned a peace rally; however, it was cancelled later.At least 3,000 armed personnel were deployed in the town to ensure that no untoward incident occurred during the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16404860", "title": "Utkal Alumina road blocked", "text": "KORAPUT: Hundreds of tribals of Kashipur block in Rayagada district blocked the road leading to the mines of Utkal Alumina International Limited (UAIL) on Friday, demanding fulfillment of their demands. The tribals, who blocked the road near Andrakancho under Baphlimali Surakhya Samiti (BSS), vowed not to allow mining in the area till their demands are fulfilled.\"The company has done nothing for the improvement of the living conditions of tribals residing in the mining area. It had promised all-round development of the villages, but has not kept its word,\" said BSS president Jhudeswar Jhodia.The villagers are demanding among others a compensation of Rs 5 lakh for the family of three tribals who were killed in police firing during an anti-mining rally against the UAIL at Maikanch in 2000 and Rs 1.5 lakh for those injured in the firing, withdrawal of false cases registered against tribals, establishment of a hospital and college at Maikanch, providing electricity in affected villages, pucca roads in affected villages and establishment of a technical school in the area.The UAIL has set up a 4.5 million tonne bauxite mining plant at Baphlimali hills and a 1.5 million tpa alumina refinery at Doragurah in Kashipur block.According to the villagers, company officials had assured all-round development of the area during a visit to Maikanch in December 2009 but nothing has been done since. \"This time we are determined and will not lift the blockade till our demands are fulfilled,\" Jhodia said. Senior company officials said they are trying to pacify agitating villagers. \"We are looking into the matter and the needful will be done,\" said Rayagada collector Sasi Bhusan Padhi. Police said the situation is being closely monitored and is presently under control.It may be recalled that during a similar blockade put up by villagers at Kupakhal in May, tension had gripped the area after the agitators assaulted former chief operating officer of UAIL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16405197", "title": "Plan panel push risks exodus of doctors serving in rural areas", "text": "NEW DELHI: Similar to coal blocks whose questionable allocations have left the UPA government red-faced, now the Planning Commission has pushed for creating \" health blocks\" \u2014 government healthcare facilities within a geographical area that would be given functionary autonomy to deliver quality services to local residents.In a controversial move that risks an exodus of doctors serving in rural areas, the plan panel has suggested that they be paid on the basis of the number of people whose health they are responsible for \u2014 a departure from the existing system where salaries are paid by the government. These are part of the final chapter on health sent by the commission to the ministry on Wednesday.On Saturday, health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad is expected to take on the \"MRP-driven healthcare plans\" in the all-important meeting of the panel, to be chaired by PM Manmohan Singh, to finalize allocations for the 12th Plan. Fireworks are expected at the meeting as Azad is expected to overrule several proposals.\"The central idea of the 12th Plan draft \u2014 that we must move to a system of capitation fee payment to a set of health management organizations, each allotted blocks of different population sizes and each such organization made up of a network of providers \u2014 public and private is deeply flawed. International experience does not support this either. This is a US model and it did not work even there,\" a panel official said.The chapter, exclusively available with TOI, makes the panel's plans to take away control of health projects from the ministry crystal clear. It told the ministry that the Centre will now act as a mere \"peer reviewer to the health plans\", which will from now on be prepared solely by the states. The Commission backs its plans by deciding to make the National Health Mission (NHM) \u2014 merging both the national rural and urban health missions \u2014 into an Additional Central Assisted (ACA) scheme instead of the centrally-sponsored programme.The scheme would be completely controlled by the Planning Commission, who will be the sole decision-maker on how much funds will be given to states and under what conditions. The ministry would be left to become an advisor rather than an executor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407551", "title": "Cultivating reading habits", "text": "In an attempt to encourage reading habits among school children to improve their language skills, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has recommended a selection of books from various publications for students to read. This is part of the board's new reading project that aims to inculcate good reading habits in children.The list of recommended books includes 14 books of Katha, a charitable organisation in the Capital. Seven of the Katha titles are in English and seven in Hindi. The selection presents a group of best selling books from fiction as well as the non-fiction category.According to Vineet Joshi, chairman, CBSE, the board constantly encourages schools to provide multifold learning experiences to young children.\"Good reading habits help children in acquiring power of imagination, expression and appreciation of literature. Though all the skills of gaining proficiency in a language are equally important, nevertheless, reading habit helps tremendously in improving comprehension, accuracy, fluency and in increasing vocabulary. Reading provokes questioning, helps in generating ideas and inspires students to think. It supports the curriculum by enhancing language competence.\"Strengthening of Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) has added further impetus in fostering interest in children to read books. As part of the formative assessment in CCE, schools are being advised to take up 'reading projects.' Schools have also been encouraged to use multiple modes of assessment such as conducting reviews, script, reading, discussion, open houses, interaction with the authors, etc.Devaraj PR, assistant director, sales and marketing, Katha, says, \"The reading habits of students in our country are coming down. Katha books create interest in reading and also help children improve their language and understand the Indian culture.\"CBSE affiliated schools can select the books of their choice. Students don't have to pay for any of the books.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16404667", "title": "Baramunda trips on bad roads", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Huge craters on roads and dysfunctional streetlights have made commuting hellish inside Baramunda area of the city. The worst-sufferers are the people living in this busy locality. \"It seems the authorities are testing our patience. With so many houses, shops and a big market, the area needs to have some basic civic amenities. We are forced to stay in such risky conditions,\" said Naba Kishore Mohanty, convener of Joint Action Committee for Development of Baramunda Area.The condition of the main approach road and internal roads is pathetic. \"It is difficult to manouvre these roads at night. People falling off their two-wheelers and injuring themselves has become common. Besides, during the rainy season when water is flowing on the roads it is difficult to differentiate between the trenches and roads leading to accidents,\" said Rabi Narayan Mishra, a resident.The condition of drains on both sides of the roads is deplorable. They don't exist at most places while the existing ones have not been disilted for months. As a result, the surface water and drainwater damage the roads and cause water-logging. \"We fear that our area will be gripped by malaria , dengue and other vector-borne diseases,\" said S K Ray, president of the citizen's committee.As if all these problems were not enough for the residents, the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has recently closed a median cut on the NH-5 in front of Rajdhani College and Ruchika Market, causing severe inconvenience to the public. \"The NH passes through Baramunda. But people need to use both parts for day-to-day work. There are a number of schools and colleges while a centrally-located market is used by people on both sides. People have to travel for two kilometers against the earlier 50 metres,\" Mohanty alleged.He said senior citizens have met NHAI authorities and requested them to construct an underway below the newly constructed flyover. \"He had assured us but now we are afraid that there will not be any scope for the underpass. We came to know about the proposal of an underpass, which was in the original drawing for six-laning of the NH, has also been omitted. We have given seven days time to the authorities to come out with a solution or we would intensify our protest,\" Mohanty added. Over 500 locals of the area on Thursday blocked NH-5 for more than an hour with their demands.Bhubaneswar mayor Ananta Narayan Jena said, \"Road blockade is not a solution to problems. We are aware of their problems and construction of road in the locality will begin soon. Besides, streetlights will be maintained on a priority.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16404503", "title": "Mission to conquer 'silent killer' from Sunday", "text": "AHMEDABAD: 'Conquer Diabetes'- a unique project to discover and manage diabetes in rural, tribal and slum areas and create awareness about this silent killer will be launched on Sunday. It is a first of its kind initiative in the country to track diabetes among the weaker sections of the society and suggest treatment and care for them.The project is a joint initiative of 'Swasthya' Diabetes Care, All India Institute of Diabetes and Research (AIIDR), Ahmedabad, Indian Institute of Public Health, Gandhinagar (IIPHG) and the US-based BMS Foundation. It is supported by the state government and Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ). On Sunday, along with the launch of the project, a camp for free diabetes check-up will also be organized.Dr Mayur Patel, chief mentor of the project, said, \"A recent survey indicated that the number of diabetic patients in India will touch the 100 million mark by 2030. Precautions should be taken to control its expansion.\"\"In one of our studies, it was found that almost 50% of the patients develop complications related to diabetes at the time of diagnosis and a delay of 8-12 years in diagnosis or ignorant attitude towards this disease may lead to dreaded complications like heart, brain, kidney, eyes, nerves and foot-related diseases,\" he added.Dr Dileep Mavalankar, director of (IIPHG) said, \"The prevalence of diabetes in India has shown increasing trend in the past three decades. There have been several studies from various parts of India revealing a rising trend in the prevalence of diabetes in rural, tribal and slum areas. 'Conquer Diabetes' aims at managing diabetes for all those for whom treatment or caring for diabetes is a luxury.\"Dr Patel said that the project will be launched in three areas - five urban slums of Ahmedabad, two tribal blocks of Vadodara and Mehsana district. The project aims at developing models for improving access to diabetes education, prevention and care in three different settings: rural districts, tribal blocks and urban poor.Elaborating on the project, Dr Patel said, \"For the rural areas, training will be imparted to the medical officers, both working at primary health centres and community health centres. They will diagnose and manage uncomplicated diabetes and also screen them for complications. Diagnosed patients will be referred to district hospitals or private or trust hospitals in the area or a nearby medical college hospital. In the tribal areas, proposal is to pilot train and mentor through information technology\", said Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16408298", "title": "Petrol pump owners to launch nationwide protest from October 15", "text": "MUMBAI: The protest by the petrol pump owners will not just be in Mumbai, but they plan a nation-wide stir from October 15, demanding increase in dealership margins.Ravi Shinde, general secretary of the Confederation of Indian Petroleum Dealers, said: \"From October 15, petrol pumps across the country will switch to single shift operation -- only from 9 am to 5 pm. You will not get petrol of diesel before and after this period. This will be our protest against the government delay in giving us good margins/commissions.\"He further stated : \"The government has failed to redress our grievances on the dealership margins. After the hike in diesel prices on Thursday night, the dealership margin has reduced from 1.9% to 1.67 %. This is uncalled for and there will be widespread protest. We have decided to supply petrol/diesel on only one shift from October 15, thereby reducing manpower and electricity costs.\"He appealed to customers to plan their purchase accordingly. The petrol dealers want the government to implement that Apurva Chandra committee report on dealership margins. In the past, the petrol pump owners had threatened a massive stir in Mumbai and other parts of the country, but they withdrew the call at the eleventh hour. \"Our demands were not met subsequently, which is why we are agitated with the government,'' Shinde added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16405756", "title": "Without BMTC, public transport grinds to a halt", "text": "BANGALORE: Public transport lay in a shambles across the state, including Bangalore, for the second consecutive day on Friday as the state government and striking drivers, conductors and mechanics stuck to their guns.The impact was severe in Bangalore: Only 579 of the 6,600 buses of the Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation ran 4,000 of 79,000 trips. The buses operated mostly in central areas, that too with police security.Elsewhere in the state, the strike crippled intra-state public transport traffic. But spokesmen of the Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation, North-East Karnataka Road Transport Corporation and North-West Karnataka Road Transport Corporation did not give statistics about their operations. They claimed inter-state operations were unaffected.Talks between the state government and representatives of the striking workers continued past midnight. Acting tough, the government decided to sack over 3,000 trainee drivers for participating in the agitation. It issued showcause notices to them, asking them to report for duty within 24 hours or face the axe.\"The trainees' participation is a violation of service rules. We'll initiate the process to recruit an equal number of drivers soon after formalities are completed,\" R Ashoka , deputy chief minister and transport minister, told reporters. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar urged the workers to return to work immediately. \"We'll resolve the problem in 15 days,\" he said at an event.Without the critical lifeline, Bangaloreans turned to private arrangements to go to their workplaces, schools and colleges. This resulted in gridlocks as the number of vehicles spiked from the usual 26 lakh to about 32 lakh.Private vehicles were allowed to operate out of the BMTC and KSRTC bus stands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16405051", "title": "Diesel price hike fuels protests", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Centre's decision to increase diesel price and limit the usage of subsidized cooking gas to just six cylinders a year has evoked widespread criticism and opposition across Assam and other NE states.The All Assam Students' Union (Aasu) on Friday burnt the effigies of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and petroleum minister S Jaipal Reddy. The Students' Federation of India ( SFI) and Asom Yuba Parishad, AGP's youth wing, also staged protests against the price hike in Guwahati. All Guwahati Students' Union general secretary Simanta Thakuria warned the Centre of facing a strong agitation if it doesn't withdraw its decision.In Guwahati, diesel price has gone up from Rs 44.68 to Rs 50.50 a litre after the latest hike. The BJP, AGP and other regional parties would also launch a massive protest programme across Assam and other NE states. Besides Guwahati, there were protests in Mangaldoi, Tezpur, Jorhat and Lakhimpur.The CPI, CPM, SUCI (Communist) and AIUDF, too, slammed the Centre for the diesel price hike and limiting the number of LPG cylinders at subsidized rates.The All Assam Motor Transport Association has set September 30 deadline for the government to revoke its decision. Else, the association has warned to hike transport fares. BJP national vice president Bijoya Chakraborty slammed the decision saying prices of the essential commodities have already started shooting up in the state. \"The decision to hike the price of diesel and withdraw subsidy on cooking gas was taken soon after the monsoon session of Parliament came to an end. This move of the UPA government is another blow to people of the nation,\" she said.\"Black marketers will take advantage of the situation,\" added the BJP leader.Former chief minister and AGP president Prafulla Kumar Mahanta said Assam will be worst-hit by the price hike. \"AGP has expressed discontent before Prime Minister Manmohan Singh when there was an apprehension of diesel price hike a few days ago. This is an anti-people policy of the Congress-led UPA government that will hit the commoners hard,\" added Mahanta. The AGP will stage protests in all districts of Assam on Saturday.Like in previous instances, this time, too, the steepest-ever hike in diesel price in the country failed to change the policies of the state Congress leadership.Assam Pradesh Congress Committee general secretary Haren Das said, \"At a time when the country is confronting an economic crisis, the Centre was left with no other option but to withdraw the subsidy on LPG cylinders and hike the price of diesel for sustaining the growth rate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16405183", "title": "Man held for Jadavpur University girl's molestation", "text": "HOWRAH: Palash Mandal, a resident of Kolaghat, was arrested late on Thursday night on charges of molesting a 22-year-old Jadavpur University student.According to the complaint lodged, the girl was returning home on Thursday around 7:30pm when Mandal tried to molest her. She was on her way back home from college when Mandal suddenly intercepted her. Locals rushed in and nabbed Mandal after the girl screamed for help.The accused, who works in a tailoring shop in Howrah, was reportedly beaten up by the locals before he was handed over to Bagnan police. Locals said that the area was dark due to a power cut when the miscreant committed the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16407789", "title": "Congress councillor arrested for ransacking Rakhsa Shakti University campus", "text": "Ahmedabad: The Dehgam police has arrested Congress Councillor Chetan Chandulal Barot for ransacking the campus of Raksha Shakti University and also torching the office of the university.It was on August 9 that the villagers led by the congress leaders had along with hundreds of villagers thronged the Rakhsa Shakti University and ransacked the campus of the university. The villagers also torched the make shift office of the university situated on the outskirts of the village.As the villagers were attending the meeting, another group of youths and villagers reached the venue of Raksha Shakti University. Since no police or officials were present, the villagers managed to go on the rampage. The villagers even damaged the furniture and other belongings of the university.Later the cattle from the village were taken in the university area for grazing. The boundary gate of the University and the board was also damaged by the villagers. Villagers had claimed that the police has threatened action if the villagers forcibly entered the university land.The residents of Lavad village in Dehgam Taluka had earlier this week threatened to take possession of the land allotted to Raksha Shakti University.The residents of village have launched a stir to get back their land. The state government had given 535 acre of land to the village panchayat with the condition that the villagers use it for cattle grazing. The police was acting on the complaint by the officials of the Raksha shakti University.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16405119", "title": "AGP calls chief minister 'shield' of Bangladeshi immigrants", "text": "GUWAHATI: The AGP on Friday came down heavily on chief minister Tarun Gogoi and called him the \"shield\" of Bangladeshi migrants in Assam. The regional party, citing statistics from the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) revenue department, said the four riot-hit districts of Kokrajhar, Chirang, Dhubri and Bongaigaon have at least 39,000 illegal immigrants who have settled down in 20 revenue circles in the area.The AGP also pointed out that the relief camps in Dhubri have seen a very high number of inmates leave and alleged that hundreds of refugees have fled the camps fearing their identities would be verified.\"According to the statistics of the BTC revenue department, there are 39,285 illegal citizens who have settled down in 20 revenue circles in the area. It's a government figure and it clearly indicates the existence of illegal settlers in the area. Chief minister Tarun Gogoi contradicts his views on illegal influx from to time. But this government figure says a different story,\" said Atul Bora (junior), working president of the AGP, in a press conference.According to the BTC revenue department figures, Dhubri revenue circle tops the chart with 6,500 illegal settlers encroaching on 67,220 bigha of government land.\"Immediately after the government decided to rehabilitate only those who possess proper land papers and voter cards, hundreds of inmates of 134 relief camps of Dhubri district suspiciously vanished overnight. What does this mean? They must have fled somewhere, but where? The government must answer this,\" he added.The AGP slammed the chief minister's role in updating the National Registrar of Citizenship (NRC) in the state and blamed him for misguiding the common people for shallow political gains.\"When Congress's ally Bodoland People's Front is saying that there are illegal Bangladeshis in the area as well as relief camps, how come Tarun Gogoi is denying the fact? Gogoi has announced that the NRC would be updated several times. But he has never done it. He is only protecting the illegal infiltrators for his political benefit,\" alleged Durga Das Boro, general secretary, AGP.The AGP is going to launch a month-long state-wide agitation programme on the implementation of the Assam Accord from September 19.The party also demanded a fair inquiry into the involvement of All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) chief Maulana Badaruddin Ajmal in the BTC riots after the Gauhati high court asked the Centre, state and BTC to probe criminal offences by the leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16404766", "title": "Fresh cholera cases in Nabarangpur", "text": "KORAPUT: Fresh diarrhoea cases continue to pour into several hospitals in the district even as the administration claims of taking all necessary measures to arrest the outbreak of Vibro cholera in Nabarangapur.Causing much embarrassment to the administration, two persons reportedly died of diarrhoea in the district on Thursday night, taking the unofficial death toll to 27. The official figure for diarrhoea related deaths was pegged at six in the district till Friday.Officials said while five new cases were reported at Jharigaon on Thursday, a person was admitted at Jharigaon hospital on Friday for the waterborne disease. According to sources, the disease is fast spreading to newer areas in Jharigaon, Chandahandi and Umerkote blocks and if not controlled at the earliest may lead to an epidemic-like situation.At least six samples from Nabarangpur district, recently sent to the Regional Medical Research Centre (RMRC) of Bhawanipatna in Kalahandi district, tested positive for Vibrio cholerae.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16396373", "title": "Delhi\u2019s mega metal date", "text": "Megadeth, Anoushka Shankar, Shafqat Amanat Ali , Parikrama, Kaiserdisco, Indian Ocean , all on the same stage.These artistes and many, many more are making their way to Delhi for the NH7 Weekender festival. The music fest kicks off on 13-14 October in Delhi at the Buddh International Circuit , followed by Pune on 2-4 November and Bangalore on 15-16 December.With over 200 artistes, it will feature over 60 pre-parties and six stages in every city. Vijay Nair, CEO of Only Much Louder that organises the festival, explains, \"The six stages will cater to different genres of music like popular dance and electronica, folk and fusion, drum and bass etc. And each city will have a different line-up of musicians.\"The festival that was limited only to Pune in its first two years, has now included cities like Delhi and Bengaluru despite skepticism by festival goers with respect to Delhi in particular, as the capital has gained a reputation for mishandling big concerts by international artistes like Bryan Adams , Akon and Metallica. But Nair believes that the best crowds will be in Delhi.For Delhiites, the grand prize is the presence of American heavy metal band Megadeth, who, of course, are kicked about performing here. Shawn Drover, drummer, Megadeth says, \"Playing in India back in 2008 was an amazing and certainly unique experience, to say the least. It's not every day that I arrive to play a show and there are dancers and elephants waiting to greet you! The fans in India are so amazing as well, so it will be a thrill for Megadeth to return to India to perform for them once again.\"Delhi's lineup for its six stages  One for the metalheads: International heavy metal pioneers Megadeth will headline Delhi's Black Rock Arena (Rock and Metal) along with Indus Creed, Pentagram, The Circus, Parikrama, Zero, Bhayanak Maut, Scribe, Undying Inc and Vir Das' Alien Chutney.Soul sitar: For those who love their dose of classical and world music, Anoushka Shankar will strum her magic at the The Dewarists Stage (folk and fusion music) along with singer Shafqat Amanat Ali. Apart from these two, Indian Ocean, The Raghu Dixit Project, Swarathma, Karsh Kale's new band - Karsh Kale Collective, Midival Punditz Live, Papon and The East India Company, electro-folk duo Hari and Sukhmani, Advaita, and electro acoustic trio Adi, Suhail and Tarun will keep the tempo high.Bhangra and Angrezi beats: Kaiserdisco comprising Frederic and Patrick will take to the console with their remixes in Wolves Den (popular dance and electronica music) along with other electronic artistes such as UK Bobby Friction, Jalebee Cartel, Dualist Inquiry, Kohra, BLOT!, DJ Jayant Luthra's project, Jitter and DJ/producer Nucleya.On the road to stardom: Artistes like electro-rock duo Shaa'ir + Func, Ankur and The Ghalat Family, Peter Cat Recording Co, Blackstratblues, Bombay Bassment, Soulmate, Them Clones, Gandu Circus and Menwhopause will perform at the Fully Fantastic Stage (popular and upcoming bands).Mix masala: Delhi's Other Stage (for singer and songwriters) will feature raw acoustic talent and singer-songwriters including Barefaced Liar, a Spanish acoustic act by Parvati and Mawkin, folk singer songwriter Akhu, rock project Avi &amp; The Uprising, singer-songwriter Dhruv Visvanath, singer songwriter Prateek Kuhad, pop rock act SAGA and a performance by the NGO Music Basti Project.Beat box: Dub Station ( dubstep , drum and bass and reggae) will bring together artistes like Reggae Rajahs, Buffapirate, Bass Foundation Roots, Bay Beat Collective, Ez Rizer, Dakta Dub, Soom T, DJ Uri, Dale, Wild City DJ and Shantum.Glad to be in the weekender family We played at the NH7 Weekender in Pune last year and it was one of the best organised festivals that we have had the honour of being part of. We're really looking forward to playing at the New Delhi leg of the festival and being among so many different bands from different genres. Now that it's going to be over three cities, we're pretty sure it's going to be even better this year. We are glad to be included in the Weekender family. Rahul Ram from Indian Ocean.For us, this is the best festival in this entire country. The vibe is so happy, the atmosphere so positive, it's just brilliant. We were part of the first ever festival in Pune, and now we are a part of the first ever in Delhi. Bliss. To top it all, we have Megadeth. Man, now that's what every weekend should be like.Subir Malik from Parikrama We're really excited to be playing at the NH7 Weekender this year, more so because we're working on a new album, so the festival is a push for us to finish the album in time and perform our new material. We've got some really cool visuals to go with our act as well, so it's going to be a different experience this time around. Tapan Raj from Midival Punditz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16404368", "title": "Tandon writes to Akhilesh for relief", "text": "LUCKNOW: Member of parliament and senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader Lalji Tandon wrote a letter to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Friday, drawing his attention to problems ranging from waterlogging to power cuts faced by residents of Lucknow due to incessant rains. He also appealed for compensation to traders who suffered damage because of rain.Tandon said in his letter, \"It is sad an honest municipal commissioner was removed from his post at the behest of a few contractors. The city is waiting for a municipal commissioner. In the absence of any competent authority, Lucknow Municipal Corporation is not functioning properly and work of pumping out rain water from waterlogged areas is not progressing satisfactorily.\"The Lucknow MP also stated that from Hazratganj to Daliganj and from Charbagh to Khurshedbagh, most of the roads are inundated with up to five feet of rain water. \"Foodgrains, books, clothes and furniture stocked in shops are getting damaged. It is my sincere request to intervene and help out residents of the city from power cuts, water shortage and waterlogging,\" said Tandon, adding that he expected the CM to compensate petty shopkeepers through calamity relief fund for loss suffered by them because of rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16402386", "title": "BCCI terminates Deccan Chargers, to float new team", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Deccan dream has come crashing down. The Indian cricket board, which had tried to find a financial solution to keep the debt-ridden IPL franchise alive, decided in an emergency governing council meeting on Friday to terminate the Deccan Chargers team.Sources said the board will float a tender for a new IPL team that could be based out of Hyderabad. The decision would be formally announced on Saturday, after the IPL governing council meets again in Chennai.Sources said the Deccan Chargers had committed a material breach of the IPL franchisee agreement by not paying its players salaries for more than four months now.They said Deccan Chargers Holdings Ltd and private banks which had lent it money had shot themselves in the foot by not accepting PVP Ventures' bid of Rs 900 crore in an auction for the franchise. Yes Bank , one of the lenders, had offered a bailout package to pay players' salaries for IPL 5 nearly a week ago -- but the board had rejected the offer. Sources said the banks are still lobbying hard to retain the cash-strapped team, but it would be of no use.According to an internal note circulated to all working committee member earlier on September 4, the board had chalked out three options -- get actively involved in the sale of the franchisee as requested by the Chargers, conduct an auction for a new franchisee or go ahead with just eight teams in the 2013 league.Now the board will float a tender for a new team, preferably based out of Hyderabad. The new buyer would have to take in the Chargers players and settle the outstanding 2012 fees. In that case, the board would decide on a reserve price and the number of years over which the franchisee fee would be payable. \"BCCI could choose to invite bids for other cities,\" the note said.By terminating the Chargers' contract, the board would also benefit in many ways. \"There would be an opportunity for an increase in the franchisee fee payable to BCCI in excess of the remaining Rs 200 crore to be paid by the Deccan Chargers. The sales consideration would be payable to BCCI and not the banks or the Chargers,\" the note said. The sale could offset damages suffered by BCCI in the Kochi Tuskers litigation, it added. \"It's not helpful that they (DCHL and the banks) have tried and failed to find a buyer,\" the internal brief said in conclusion.However, the final decision rests with the working committee members. As of now, the board's logic is simple. \"If these banks are offering a bailout package to the Chargers, their intention is clear. They want to run the team,\" a top BCCI official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16404340", "title": "Two held for illegal transport of pork", "text": "MAPUSA: Two persons were arrested on charges of illegally transporting meat from Pune-Maharashtra to Goa by an inter-state bus.Animal rescue squad members with the help of the Mapusa police seized the meat from the bus at the Mapusa junction on Friday. The arrested have been identified as Yansi D'Souza and Lavesh Naik. A member of the animal rescue squad alerted the police that meat was being illegally transported from the neighbouring state.Accordingly, police laid a trap and intercepted the bus at Mapusa. Around eight barrels and six big plastic bags were seized and meat samples were sent for forensic testing.Sources said the meat was of domestic pigs. \"Acting on the complaint lodged by John Fernandes of the animal rescue squad, we raided the bus and found that meat was transported in unhygienic conditions not suitable for human consumption,\" Mapusa PI Tushar Vernekar said.The offence has been registered against the transporters and they were arrested and later released on bail. Police have also attached the bus in this connection.Fernandes said that transporting huge quantity of meat from other states by bus is illegal. President of animal rescue squad, Amrutsingh said that police should keep a thorough check on such kind of activities conducted through bus transport.\"Transportation of meat in a passenger bus is illegal. it was in total unhygienic conditions, there has to be separate vehicle for the mat transportation,\" Amrutsingh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16405242", "title": "Don\u2019t ignore swollen glands, fever, say docs", "text": "KANPUR: Doctors of JK Cancer hospital organised a continued medical education (CME) programme on the eve of World Lymphoma Day (Sep 15), here on Friday. Experts discussed causes and symptoms of lymph node cancer and treatment methodology available in the country.Talking about lymph node cancer, director of the hospital Dr Avdhesh Dixit informed that in the Indian healthcare system, specially the private sector, all diagnostic facilities of detection of lymphoma (cancer of lymph nodes) are not available within the hospital.\"Latest diagnosis system of the most aggressive lymphomas are available presently more in research set-ups than in hospitals. For accurate and timely diagnosis, there should ideally be bedside facility within the hospital premises where the patient is receiving treatment,\" added Dr Dixit.According to the experts, there are about 50-70 different causes for lymphoma and around 40 per cent of these are aggressive. They cannot be treated correctly if not diagnosed accurately, he warned.The most worrisome part of lymphoma is that it spreads fast. What starts with seemingly innocuous symptoms like an enlarged glands accompanied by fever and weight loss, takes a fatal turn within a very short duration of time. Over the last few years, the incidence rate has been going up somewhat inexplicably.Anyone who finds clots in body parts, especially around the neck, ears, thigh and parts linked to the abdomen should consult the doctor. Clots accompanied by fever, weakness and weight loss are major symptoms of lymphoma cancer.Talking about the treatment of lymph node cancer, doctors of the hospital said most lymphomas respond extremely well to treatment modalities like chemotherapy and radiotherapy. But it is very essential that the patient should reach the doctor at the earliest stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16405448", "title": "Panjab University Students Union candidate files plea against verdict", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The vice-presidential candidate of Panjab University Students Union (PUSU), Smriti Brar, has opposed the university decision of dismissing her plea.She has now filed an appeal under clause 6.8.12 of the Lyngdoh recommendations against the order of the grievance redressal cell, dated September 11. She had appealed to the vice-chancellor for setting aside the order of the grievance redressal cell and allowing recounting of votes in the presence of unbiased independent observers. She also requested that VC should personally have a look at the votes declared invalid. According to Sumit Goklaney, party in charge PUSU, in the appeal Brar has said the grievance redressal cell erred in arriving at the decision. She said the grievance redressal cell \"filed\" her complaint in utter violation of the rules of the Lyngdoh recommendations as nowhere in the Lyngdoh recommendations it is mentioned that the objection can be submitted only at the time of counting of votes and before the declaration of results.Smriti pointed out that the number of voted declared invalid were too large in number, 677 votes, compared to those declared invalid in case of the post of president (173), secretary (201) and joint secretary (242).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16404387", "title": "Now, Dhantoli pay &amp; park facility faces closure", "text": "NAGPUR: Yet another pay and park scheme of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has met with a roadblock. Shopkeepers, on Friday, held demonstrations against the pay and park facility that NMC had started on the stretch of Wardha road between Panchsheel square and Lokmat square. The NMC officials and authorities from the South traffic department had to intervene to prevent the situation from going out of hand.According to tenders finalized by NMC, the private agency, which got the contract, started the pay and park facility in three places. One under the Sitabuldi flyover from Lokmat square to Panchsheel square, another one along the stretch between Patrakar bhavan and Yashwant stadium. The third was started along the Dhantoli side of Wardha road between Panchsheel square and Lokmat square. The facilities started functioning from September 1. As the stretch under Sitabuldi flyover was earmarked for two-wheeler parking, the agency was asked to start pay and park facility for four-wheelers on the other side of the road towards Dhantoli.NMC's assistant commissioner (Dhantoli Zone), Mahesh Dhamecha told TOI that few shopkeepers are against the pay and park facility on this stretch. \"Shopkeepers are not ready to pay for their two-wheelers and also those parked by their customers. The NMC had razed the encroachments on this road following the high court's order. The pay and park was also started according to the high court's order and under the directives of commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay. Still, the shopkeepers began protesting right from day one,\" he said.Dhamecha added that the shopkeepers had been informed about the need for the pay and park facility for better control of traffic and parking. \"I along with PI Avinash More from traffic department (South) had met the shopkeepers and informed about the importance of the pay and park facility. Still the shopkeepers continue to protest. We will ensure the smooth functioning of the pay and park facility,\" he said.NMC had approved opening of pay and park facility on Link road and Sitabuldi market's main road a couple of months ago. The pay and park facility on Link road was the first to be inaugurated. It was forced to shut down by few shopkeepers along the stretch. Even now the contractor is unable to restart the pay and park facility citing lack of security.The proposal for the pay and park facility along Sitabuldi market's main road is being kept on hold by the standing committee following opposition from corporator Munna Pokulwar. Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari told that the shopkeepers and Pokulwar have been invited to hold a meeting with the civic authorities to sort out the issues. \"I have informed the municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane about the issues raised by the shopkeepers. He has assured to hold a meeting with police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay, he said.Traffic engineer Nasir Khan said that a show cause notice has been issued to the agency operating the pay and park facility on Link road. \"The agency is citing lack of security and action from the police despite repeated complaints as reasons behind the facility being shut down.\"A senior NMC official said that the police chief had sent a letter asking the NMC to begin pay and park on three more roads. \"Proposal to start pay and park facility along the stretches between Cotton market square to Santra Market, Anjuman college square (Meshram Putla square) to Mangalwari Compex and Law College square to Shankar Nagar square is being drawn up. NMC may implement the pay and park scheme on these three busy roads if all the obstacles are cleared. Otherwise it will be very difficult for the NMC,\" he said.Dhanvijay told TOI that the operation of pay and park was the responsibility of NMC. \"I am always ready to help in case of any opposition. But the NMC should lodge complaint and inform my officials. There are no such complaints from the NMC,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16408148", "title": "'Comfort is priority to me'", "text": "...says model Aeshra Patel who speaks to us about style and fashion.What's your style quotient? Simple, minimalistic and effortless - it's sexy funk!Tight fitted or loose t-shirts, you prefer? And why? Comfort is priority for me. So I opt for loose T-shirts but balance the carefree attitude with a pair of smart denims and I'm ready to go!An outfit you can't part with? I can't imagine my closet without white linen pants and a cute summer floral dress.Must-have accessories: Bangles- that chunk-funk-junk element makes the right statement .If you had just two minutes to put together the perfect outfit, what would it be? Fitted denim with a nice light-colored ganji and a long neck pieceWorst fashion trend? Hobo-chic trend A trend that will never go out of style: A classy, sexy LBDA look you love sporting at: A party: a fitted dress with super high heels. On a date: colorful floral dress. At a movie: comfy top with denims A family function:nice simple salwaar kameez or patiala with some nice traditional jhumkhas.Do you believe style lives on, fashion fades, why? Yes, style is your main ingredient, fashion can be sprinkled on top.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16404585", "title": "Senior citizens unsafe in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Senior citizens in Bhubaneswar are increasingly becoming soft targets of anti-socials, raising questions on the efficacy of senior citizen security cells (SCSC). While elderly citizens are facing frequent ordeals like snatching and theft, goons have dealt fatal blows to them in some cases in the past.Murders of doctor Brahmananda Panda (61) and Pushpalata Jena (62) in separate incidents in 2010 and 2011 had created ripples in the city. \"We doubt whether the SCSCs are functioning properly. Though several senior citizens reside in Acharya Vihar, we hardly see policemen patrolling the area,\" said Sidhharth Das, president of Acharya Vihar Parishad, a resident welfare association.SCSCs were initially opened in 10 police stations, five each in Bhubaneswar and Cuttack a few years ago with an aim to provide senior citizens, mostly lone couples a sense of security and advise them on safety and security measures while staying alone at home. The cells, which already existed in Chandrasekharpur, Kharavela Nagar, Nayapally, Capital and Saheed Nagar police stations, were recently extended to Badagada, Airfield and Khandagiri police stations. The SCSC scheme has so far registered 307 senior citizens in Bhubaneswar, though nearly one lakh senior citizens stay here, sources said.Going by the norms of the scheme, the SCSC staff will ascertain the physical security aspects of the house of the senior citizens, mostly those who stay alone. They shall render suitable advice to the senior citizen concerned in terms of installing protective grill fencing, door chains, alarm bell and magic eye. Police said the SCSCs are very much active in the city. \"The nodal officers are making regular field visits to houses of senior citizens, enrolled with us. We are also holding regular interactions with them and note down their grievances,\" said a senior police officer.\"We are also planning to enroll more senior citizens staying alone and engaged more police personnel for their service,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16404639", "title": "IAS officers in dock for job scheme \u2018scam\u2019", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Friday said it had initiated disciplinary proceedings against two IAS officers, Mrinalini Darswal and Jiban Ballav Mishra (both former district collectors of Nuapada), for committing irregularities in implementing the centrally-sponsored rural job scheme.In an affidavit filed in the Supreme Court, the state government said steps have been taken to penalize officers involved in corrupt practices relating to the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme ( MGNREGS), an official release said.Panchayati raj minister Kalpataru Das said Darswal had diverted Rs 2.53 lakh from the scheme to develop a lawn at the collector's official residence in Nuapada, while her successor Mishra had attempted to suppress the fact. Official sources said the government has drawn up proceedings against Darswal and Mishra under the All India Service (AIS) rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16406440", "title": "Salman doubles up his security, hires six more bodyguards", "text": "Popularity comes with a hefty price. And Salman Khan's has come at the cost of six more bodyguards, taking the tally up to twelve.Perhaps the highest for any star in the industry. The actor, who had only a handful of men guarding him at media events, has been forced to double his defence following the mass hysteria that his films have unleashed in the recent past (with back-to-back blockbusters since Wanted in 2009).Salman's head of security Shera confirmed that the security deployed for the actor has indeed been beefed up by 100 per cent. \"Earlier, Bhai had six bouncers around him. Now, he has twelve,\" he said. Reportedly, the actor had to cancel the shoot of his brother Arbaaz's directorial Dabangg 2 in Lucknow due to security reasons. In fact, Arbaaz had told the media, \"It's been chaotic here. We didn't bring Salman. He will now join us directly at Satara for the shooting of the climax. But the people here gathered in hordes for the shooting in the outdoors probably in the hope that Salman would turn up. And when he didn't, they got restless.\"However, that was not the only provocation for Salman to beef up his team of guards. Apparently, it was right after Ek Tha Tiger released, when the actor felt the need to call in more security. It was during Eid, when fans waiting outside Galaxy Apartments, his Bandra residence, went out of control one fine day. \"We had a tough time outside Bhai's residence on Eid. The fans went out of control and the cops had to resort to lathi charge,\" Shera, the man who has been closest to Salman for the last 15 years told TOI..Will the new security men also keep the paparazzi at bay, especially those who hover around his house at night? Well, we can only guess.Meanwhile Salman seals his 5 am friendship with Priyanka Chopra with a social endorsement. The actor who never got along with PeeCee earlier, after being spotted with her outside his apartment complex by TOI , seems to have grown rather fond of the actress. Yesterday he tweeted, \"Omg ! Just heard Priyanka Chopra's English track 3 times bak to bak, called in my city. It's fab, outstanding! SALAAM Miss Chopra.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16404027", "title": "Don\u2019t be provoked, urges Urdu media", "text": "Condemning the violent protests against the film that allegedly mocks Islam, the Urdu press advised Muslims not to get provoked.The Inquilab Daily's editorial slammed the US for not cracking down on the makers of the film. The paper also attacked the US's \"double standards\" in dealing with extremists but said violent protests would only strengthen \"anti-Islamic\" forces.Writing in the Urdu Times, columnist Monisa Bushra Abdi demanded that the US arrest extremists who are bent on \"hurting Muslim sentiments\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "16404272", "title": "DSP falls to death in Tirupati", "text": "TIRUPATI: The death of a 55-year-old CID police officer is shrouded in mystery. Y Sridhar, a DSP rank officer, reportedly fell to his death from the first floor of his six-storeyed apartment here on Friday. Police are clueless as to whether it was a suicide or an accidental death.Sridhar suffered a head injury after he fell from the first floor of Swarna Residency Apartments on the Alipiri Road and died on his way to SVR Ruia Hospital. Sources said Sridhar took the staircase to go back to his second floor flat to fetch his mobile phone he forgot when he reportedly fell from the first floor.Sridhar was seen lying in a pool of blood by his neighbours and family members who rushed him to the Ruia government hospital where he was declared brought dead. A pair of footwear which belonged to the DSP was found on the terrace.Tirupati CID officer Parameshwar told TOI that Sridhar had no family or professional problems. \"We really have no clue to his sudden death,\" he said. Sources said the deceased officer belonged to the law and order wing of the police but served mostly in the intelligence department.Sources said Sridhar was a diabetic and BP patient for the last 20 years. \"We also came to know that he had been taking treatment for psychological problems as well. He might have fallen because of giddiness,\" Tirupati east zone DSP Narasimha Reddy, who is investigating the case, told TOI. Sridhar hailed from Guntur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16402360", "title": "I just hung in there: Yuki Bhambri", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In playing the first five-set match of his nascent career, and winning it by the skin of his teeth, Yuki Bhambri learnt what pressure in tennis was all about. Not quite able to explain what went wrong in the match which had more spills than thrills, Yuki thanked his team for seeing him through the trying times.\"It was certainly not one of my best tennis matches, especially in the first two sets,\" the 20-year-old, who must have aged a little more during the three-and-a-quarter hour trial by fire, said at the post-match conference. \"It's never easy after losing a set 0-6. I just hung in there... The team helped me throughout and backed me even when I was totally down. I got some chances in the third set which I thankfully managed to take.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16405726", "title": "Proposal to start a website for investors meet", "text": "KOCHI: Providing a cheaper and permanent alternative for Emerging Kerala, a Kochi-based virtual business promoter has submitted a proposal to start a website for investors and entrepreneurs to meet each other. While Emerging Kerala focuses on large scale investment, www.investorsmeet.com, the online platform, plans to attract investors and entrepreneurs for projects ranging from Rs 5 lakh to Rs 500 crore.While the big bash of Emerging Kerala is only a three-day event, the investors and entrepreneurs can use the online platform any time.\"On the home page, there would be two zones, each for investors and entrepreneurs. A prospective investor would have to fill in the application provided on the site. Likewise, an entrepreneur should complete the application available in 'investors' zone' providing the details of the project he or she is putting forward. Investors should also file an affidavit that they are not putting in black money,'' said Eshaque Easwaramangalm, chairman, investorsmeet.com. The site which is under construction will start functioning within seven weeks, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "16403160", "title": "Poor girl suffers from congenital disorder, kin seek financial aid", "text": "SINDRI: Riya (10), a Class IV student of DAV Tasra Middle School, attends school regularly like any other child her age. But her parents, Birsa Minz and Pratima Minz, fear she won't be able to lead a normal life for long. Riya has a congenital disorder and needs surgery which her poor parents can't afford.Her bladder and rectum are joined together and she passes urine and stool through the same organ. Resident of a hut near Gaushala Church, Birsa, informed media about his plight. When he took Riya to the local doctor he referred her to PMCH, Dhanbad. But the doctors there advised him to take Riya to RIMS or Apollo Hospital for surgery.\"I am a daily wage earner who somehow manages a family of a wife and seven children. Riya is the fifth among my daughters. My wife is a maid who works at different houses in the locality. How can I arrange for lakhs of rupees for Riya's treatment?\" said Birsa. When asked to meet the Dhanbad DC, Birsa narrated his difficulties. He once went to meet the Dhanbad DC and was referred to PMCH. But the doctors there did nothing except rebuke him for visiting the hospital for the second time.When contacted, medical officer-in-charge of Jorapokhar-Sindri range, Dr S B Prasad said that they were aware of Birsa's problem but were unable to help as this is not an incurable disease. So no grants will be provided in this case. \"This is called recto-vesicular fistula and surgery is the only treatment for such type of congenital disorders,\" Dr Prasad said, adding, \"Such surgeries can only be done by expert surgeons and Dhanbad is not equipped for that.\"AJSU leader Mantu Mahto, who met the family and extended a financial support of Rs 1000, has appealed to people to come forward with financial help so that Riya can lead a normal life. \"I will also try to fix a meeting with the DC in this regard and appeal to him to help this BPL family,\" Mahto said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "khartoum", "code": "16405123", "title": "Violence spreads as anti-US rage intensifies", "text": "KHARTOUM: Anti-US protests by crowds whipped into fury by a film that mocks Islam erupted across the Muslim world on Friday, as violence exploded in Sudan , Lebanon, Tunisia and Yemen leaving three dead and dozens hurt.The protests broke out when Muslims emerged from mosques following the weekly Friday main prayers to voice their anger at the film made in the US, which ridicules the Prophet Muhammed and belittles the religion he founded.In Khartoum , Sudan, guards on the roof of the US embassy fired warning shots as a security perimeter was breached by dozens of Islamic flag-waving protesters, part of a crowd of thousands who had earlier stormed the British embassy and set fire to the German mission.Violence also erupted in the northern Lebanese city of Tripoli , where a crowd of 300 Islamists attacked and set fire to a KFC restaurant, sparking clashes with police in which one person died and 25 were injured, sources said.In Tunisia, furious protesters broke through into the compound of the US embassy in the capital. The announcement of Pentagon sending marines to Yemen came as tension spiralled again in Yemen's capital Sanaa, with security forces firing warning shots and water cannon to disperse protesters trying to reach US embassy.In Cairo protesters again clashed with police outside the US embassy. In Iran , thousands of people yelling \"Death to America\" and \"Death to Israel\" rallied in central Tehran . Protests have spread across to Bangladesh, Indonesia, Malaysia, Pakistan , Iraq, Israel and the Gaza Strip, Morocco, Syria , Kuwait, Nigeria and Kenya .In Kabul , hundreds of Afghan protesters took to the streets, setting fire to an effigy of US President Barack Obama . In Pakistan, hundreds of members of hardline groups like JuD joined protests calling for severe punishment for the film's makers and demanding the expulsion of US diplomats. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16404505", "title": "Businessman names two for extortion bid", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A businessman has filed a complaint against a man posing as journalist and his associate for trying to extort money from him.According to police, Mihir Pandya, a resident of Shagun Castle near Star Bazaar in Jodhpur, is a realtor and shareholder in Om Land Realty Pvt Ltd, a city-based firm. Nirupam Ghoda, a resident of Yogeshwar Apartment near Vijay Crossroads, approached him a month back as a freelance journalist.\"Nirupam told Pandya that he knew about discrepancies in his company and how they have procured land fraudulently from farmers. Nirupam threatened to expose him if he did not pay him. Pandya told him that he was no longer associated with the business and asked Nirupam to go ahead with the information,\" said a Satellite police official.In a later meeting, Nirupam told Pandya that he got the information from Jagdish Patel, a former employee of his firm, and had already contacted some of the stockholders. Pandya talked to the directors of the firm and decided to file a complaint.\"We have got the letterhead of Nirupam that states that he is a freelance journalist,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16406244", "title": "White House keeping close watch on Iranian nuclear program", "text": "WASHINGTON: The White House has said it has its eyes on the Iranian nuclear program and possesses the capabilities to prevent Tehran from building a nuclear weapon.\"We have eyes onto the Iranian nuclear program and we would be aware of any so-called breakout move by the Iranians towards building a nuclear weapon.\"That has not occurred, but that window of opportunity will close at some point,\" the White House Press Secretary, Jay Carney, told reporters at his daily news conference.\"Iran needs to take seriously its responsibilities and to forego and forsake its nuclear weapons ambitions,\" Carney said responding to questions on Iranian nuclear ambition.The US President has made it clear that he is committed to preventing Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon, he said.\"We are completely in sync with Israel on that matter. There is no daylight between the United States and Israel when it comes to the absolute commitment to preventing Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon,\" he added.The United States, he said is pursuing a policy that includes incredibly intense punitive sanctions, unprecedented in history against Iran, of sanctions that are in place as a result of diplomatic work that has created an international consensus that did not exist prior to Obama taking office and that has resulted, again, in unprecedented pressure and isolation for the regime in Tehran.\"There is still time and space for that course to be pursued, because the best way to ensure that Iran does not have a nuclear weapon, does not acquire a nuclear weapon is to force and compel Iran to make the decision that it needs to forego its nuclear weapons ambitions, get right with the world, abide by its international obligations under the United Nations , and rejoin the community of nations by doing so,\" Carney said.It is also the case that Obama has made absolutely clear that he does not remove any option from the table in terms of fulfilling his commitment to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon.\"And we've also made clear that the window of opportunity here in terms of pursuing the diplomatic course will not remain open indefinitely,\" the White House Press Secretary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16406554", "title": "After Salman, Ranbir visits Katrina's new apartment", "text": "L ooks like Katrina Kaif is adept at juggling roles not just on screen but off it as  well. Just a day after TOI reported how Salman Khan was one of Kat's first visitors at the spanking new duplex apartment she has bought in Lokhandwala, Andheri, Ranbir Kapoor was spotted paying the actress a late night visit at her old place in Bandra.An onlooker revealed Ranbir was at YRF studios, where he had held a special screening of Barfi! Before the interval, he left the studios and was on his way to Bandra. While his own residence is at Pali Hill, his car was seen heading toward Waterfield Road where Katrina stays.\"As expected, Ranbir reached Guldev Sagar around 11pm at night. He left at 12.45am. Trying hard to dodge the paparazzi, he quickly sat in his car and left,\" the onlooker told TOI. All said it isn't the first time Ranbir and Katrina have been spotted at each other's place. A source said that recently, after a special screening at Ketnav Studios, where Ranbir was accompanied by his ex Deepika Padukone and Bombay Velvet co-star Anushka Sharma, the actor went straight home and significantly, Katrina was also seen outside his Bandra residence at the time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16405508", "title": "Caught at the crossroads", "text": "HUBLI: Crossing Sarvodaya Circle in Keshwapur is a challenge these days. With Jagadish Shettar becomg CM, traffic at this circle has increased manifold with the constant movement of VIP and government vehicles. The ones to bear the brunt is the aam admi.Sarvodaya Circle has four roads adjoining it. Station Road, Navalgund Road, Club Road, Keshwapur Roads join Sarvodaya Circle. There are three schools and colleges in the surrounding areas. Crossing this road in the morning and evening is an effort for schoolchildren, pedestrians and office-goers. \"It's near impossible to cross the road properly,\" says Vijayanand Shirekar, resident of Paraswadi in Keshwapur.Every day two traffic cops are deputed to streamline traffic. The circle has no zebra crossing or footpath for pedestrians. On one side of the circle, Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation has placed a garbage container which hampers pedestrian movement.Shivaprasad Lakamanhalli, secretary, Indian Concrete Institute, Dharwad district, says that the absence of a free left at Sarvodaya Circle is what leads to traffic snarls at this junction. \"Authorities should consider it and if possible build a foot over bridge or subway at this circle. As this leads to a National Highway, authorities should seriously streamline traffic here,\" he added. \"We are working towards a permanent solution,\" said Shrinath Joshi, DCP, Crime and Traffic, Hubli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "latehar", "code": "16403014", "title": "Red splinter group claims access to Latehar villages", "text": "LATEHAR: Splinter groups of the CPI (Maoist) are getting stronger in different parts of the state ever since the launch of Operation Green Hunt and Integrated Action Plan.Armed cadres of the Tritiya Sammelan Prastuti Committee (TSPC) could be seen roaming freely in the forest villages of Latehar district, especially in the areas dominated by the Maoist cadres in the past. TSPC leaders claim that it is because of the popular support to their ideology and disillusionment of villagers with the Maoist movement that they are not just being allowed to enter but are also welcomed in the villages. However, the Maoists claim that all the splinter groups enjoy covert support of the security agencies which helps them operate and roam about in the villages freely.Alok ji, a senior leader of the TSPC, said they were protesting against the Maoists on ideological grounds and gained popularity among the villagers who wanted a change in the system. \"The Maoists called frequent bandhs bringing economic activities in the villages to standstill. When they understand that fight for neo-democracy is a long-drawn battle, there is no logic behind the bandh calls,\" he said. The TSPC also questions the Maoists strategy to extort money in development work and their resistance to road construction projects. \"We are living with the villagers and if we stop the administration from carrying out road construction and other development work, the villagers will be adversely affected,\" Alok said.Asked if they enjoy police support for driving away the Maoists, Alok said even their men were often arrested. Records available with Latehar police shows that since January 2012 as against the arrest of 24 Maoists from the district, three armed cadres of the TSPC were arrested. Police claim that activity and strength of the TSPC is far below the Maoists and hence fewer people are arrested.The TSPC which has made efforts to spread its base at the country-level is dominant in Bihar and Jharkhand where Marxist communist Centre (MCC) was active in the 80s and 90s. The TSPC parted ways with MCC and the later merged with People's War in 2004 to form the CPI (Maoists). Strength of the TSPC increased which is evident from the fact that the cadres have got around 2,000 acre of land released from the clutches of Maoists in Latehar and Lohardaga, distributing it to the farmers.Spokesperson for the Bihar, Jharkhand, north Chhatisgarh special area committee of the Maoists Gopal said the state administration supported all such splinter groups to use their cadre strength and fire power against the Maoists. \"We announced unilateral ceasefire against different groups who claim to be working for democratic rights of common people for three months to expose their real nature to the people,\" he said. The BJSAC also asked the splinter groups to join hands with the Maoists to fight against the reactionary forces of the state administration and abstain from hitting each other.The call for ceasefire was extended in July this year which got mixed response. The Maoists claim that the splinter groups failed to respond to their call because of police support that they enjoy. \"They would not like to annoy the security forces by supporting our movement and be on their target,\" said a Maoist leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16404366", "title": "Money lender, friend assaulted", "text": "NAGPUR: A 32-year-old youth, Rakesh Sahoo, was arrested on charges of attempting to murder money lender Vijay Baisware, from whom he had borrowed Rs 18,000, and a friend of his. Mohan Nagar resident Baisware is stated to be in critical condition at Government Medical College and Hospital while his friend is out of danger.Police sources said that Sahoo had taken a loan of Rs 18,000 from Baisware a few months ago. Sahoo failed to pay back the amount in the assured time. Hence, on Thursday evening, Baisware and his friend had gone to Sahoo's house at Bajeria Square to collect the money.However, Sahoo picked up an argument with Baisware and attacked him with scissors. He also assaulted Baisware's friend when he tried to stop him. Ganeshpeth police have registered a case against Sahoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "sochi (russia)", "code": "16405200", "title": "Putin admits some of his daredevil stunts are staged", "text": "SOCHI (RUSSIA): Russian President Vladimir Putin has admitted that some of his most famous media adventures with wildlife have been carefully staged but has said they were worthwhile because they drew the public's attention to important conservation projects.His macho appearances with everything from tigers to whales have been a staple of Russian state TV for years, cementing his image as a man of action but drawing mockery from critics.Sometimes, he said the stunts had been over the top. \"Of course, there are excesses. And I am enraged about it,\" he told Masha Gessen, a journalist and Putin critic whom he had invited for a meeting in the Kremlin after she was sacked from her job editing a travel magazine for refusing to send reporters to cover the crane flight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16404486", "title": "Malayalam not a must for CBSE schools", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Friday ruled against the state government's plan to make Malayalam a compulsory subject in CBSE and ICSE schools. The ruling was given by a division bench while considering around 50 petitions filed by school managements.The division bench dismissed the argument of the additional advocate general K A Jaleel that the State Council for Education, Research, and Training (SCERT) was the authority responsible for deciding the curriculum according to the Right to Education Act.The bench ruled that National Council for Education Research and Training (NCERT) is the agency to fix the curriculum of CBSE and ICSE schools and pointed out that the state government does not have the power to prescribe Malayalam as an additional subject under CBSE and ICSE syllabus. The HC pointed out that CBSE and ICSE schools have students from outside the state.HC also ruled that school managements that maintain bogus bank accounts in the names of teachers to show that they are paying them reasonable salaries should be booked under criminal charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16404200", "title": "YSR never kept me in the loop on Ramky sops: Kanna", "text": "HYDERABAD: Former industries minister Kanna Lakshminarayana said on Friday that the decision to grant concessions to Ramky Pharma City was taken by former chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy and that the relevant file was not even circulated to him. Kanna is among the six ministers who were served notices by the Supreme Court in connection with the issuance of 26 GOs by the YSR regime that is being probed by the CBI as part of the Jagan assets case.\"The decision to grant reimbursement of stamp duty registration fee was taken via GO No.741 issued on November 14, 2006, when I was not even the industries minister. Subsequently, on February 18, 2010, the finance department issued GO No.642, which was a budget release order for Rs 3.15 crore to the industries commissioner to be reimbursed as registration fee and stamp duty to Ramky Group. On February 26, 2010, the industries department, through GO12, reimbursed the amount to the private promoter. GO12 was issued at the level of the principal secretary and the file was not even brought to my knowledge,\" Kanna told TOI.In fact, a note prepared by the industries and commerce department on March 14 this year on the directive of the chief minister's office appears to corroborate Kanna. \"GO12 was issued at the level of principal secretary. Kanna Lakshminarayana was the major industries minister during that period. However, that file was not seen by him. The file was not circulated to the minister as the decision to refund stamp duty and registration fee was already taken vide GO 741 in November 2006,\" the note said.According to sources, the finance department, chief secretary as well as Geeta Reddy who was the then industry minister were against granting the concessions and made their notings accordingly on the file. However, YSR overruled them and directed then industries principal secretary Lakshmi Parthasarthy to issue GO 741, the sources said.According to the March 2012 note sent by the industries department to the CMO, Lakshmi Parthasarthy made the following endorsement on the file. \"They (Ramky) are not eligible for such endorsements under APIDE Act but we may consider reimbursing the registration and transfer charges from the industries budget since all the schemes (mega) are getting this facility.\"Kanna is currently giving the final touches to the counter that he is filing in response to the SC notices served on six ministers and eight IAS officers.\"I will be filing my counter separately as the charges against me are only politically motivated and leveled by the TDP and YSR Congress,\" Kanna said. While the SC has sent him the notice, Kanna has not been questioned by the CBI.The Jawaharlal Nehru Pharma City, a public-private initiative between the Ramky group and AP Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC), is spread across 2,400 acres in Parawada mandal of Visakhapatnam district and was meant to provide an assortment of facilities required for the pharma industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403347", "title": "Brihanmumbai Muniipal Corporation to audit pothole repair, blacklist erring contractors", "text": "MUMBAI: Following complaints about substandard road repair, the Brihanmumbai Muniipal Corporation (BMC) has decided to undertake a technical audit of potholes and blacklist contractors found to have done a shoddy job.Additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta told TOI, \"We have received complaints that contractors have been using adulterated cold mix to repair potholes. Once the monsoon is over, we will undertake a technical audit of all the potholes and blacklist erring contractors.\"The civic body has learnt that contractors are adulterating the cold mix by adding straw powder and wood dust to it. At least 10% of the potholes repaired using the cold mix have resurfaced in the rain, sources told TOI.The BMC had set September 15 as the deadline for its engineers to ensure that all potholes are repaired before Ganeshotsav. While work was on in full swing across the city on Friday, experts feared that haphazard work done by civic engineers and contractors will result in the mix getting washed away during the next spell of showers.A case in point is the Jagannath Shankar Sheth bridge in Dadar TT. Potholes on this bridge were repaired using the cold mix but resurfaced after a few days due to rain. The BMC then used paver blocks to level the bridge's surface. This despite the fact that the standing technical advisory committee (STAC) does not recommend the use of paver blocks to fill up potholes. There are several such examples in the city where the BMC has used methods not prescribed by the STAC to repair potholes. Many patches on the Goregaon Link Road have been filled with sand.\"There are a few spots on which we have allowed the use of paver blocks to fill up potholes. I have left it to the discretion of engineers to decide which product to use if the cold mix does not stay on a particular road for long,\" said Gupta.Till date, the total number of potholes reported is 22,608. Of these, 20,190 have been attended to. Municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte is likely inspect roads on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16405196", "title": "Sebi initiative to boost equity culture in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) will open its office in the state capital within three months, which will benefit people who want information about investment in stocks and shares.The announcement was made by Sebi chairman U K Sinha at a regional seminar on investor education held at the S K Memorial Hall here on Friday. The meet was organized by Sebi in association with the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).A former DM of Patna, Sinha said only 0.2% Biharis invest in equities, and attributed this to the fact that most people consider share market as a gambler's den and people who have knowledge about stocks take undue advantage of uninformed investors. \"Bihar is progressing at a faster pace than the nation for the last 6-7 years, so now people should think about what they want to do with their savings,\" he said. About 2,500 Patnaites, young and old, listened to his suggestions.Recalling the Patna of 1950s-60s, when only elderly people had savings, Sinha said that now the youth have surplus earnings, from which they can save and invest for a bright future. Sinha stated that Sebi, in collaboration with Union HRD ministry will be introducing financial education in the CBSE curriculum, so that students become aware of financial planning and capital markets. He pointed out that the procedure for equity investment has been eased in recent times, with investors having to submit KYC (Know Your Customer) form only once.Also present on the occasion was Ashish Chauhan, interim CEO, BSE, who said that long-term investment in stock markets gave higher returns. He added that getting membership of the BSE has become easier, and that Investors' Grievance Cells have also been set up in seven cities. Market commentator Deven Choksey and expert Madhusudan Kela also gave counsel to the audience regarding market dynamics and mutual fund investment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16402434", "title": "A day in a life of a BMTC driver", "text": "BANGALORE: Venkataswamy (name changed), 35, has been working as a BMTC driver for the last 10 years but is running short of money by the time the first half of the month ends.He has two children, wife and an unmarried sister to take care of, but hardly gets to see them during the month. Most of the time, he is either on a night shift or is sleeping in the bus on the outskirts of the city only to start working in general shift from 7 in the morning till 10pm. If he manages to reach home some nights, his children would be fast asleep.He has to keep calm through the unruly traffic on the roads and commuters who keep getting off and on the bus while it is on the move. Two accidents have done enough damage to his career but his repeated warnings to the commuters fall on deaf ears. He has to complete 10 trips a day which he is able to pull off, but even a five-minute delay in a traffic snarl in the city would cost him a Rs100 or sometimes even Rs500 fine, which simply means, his monthly perks are gone.He is supposed to take home a salary of Rs16,000 every month, but what he actually takes is Rs12,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16402875", "title": "Teen drowns in Anasagar lake", "text": "AJMER: A Class XII student of Kanpur Mohammad Shameen drowned in the Anasagar lake on Friday when he went had gone to take a bath there with his cousin. The duo had come to offer prayers at the dargah of Khawaj Moinuddin Chishty.Since the past 12 days, the Anasagar is overflowing with the water gauge reading 13.10 feet.According to police, Shameen, son of Mohammad Istiyaz, along with his cousin Mansoor and his mother reached Ajmer to offer prayers at the dargah. \"Both the boys decided to have a bath at Ramparsad Ghat before going to dargah. Shameen went into deep into the lake and lost his balance,\" police said.A rescue team recovered the body from the lake within four hours of the incident. \"Ramparsad Ghat is a 'suicide point' of the city and most of the casualty occurred on this place,\" a source said. Police sent the body for postmortem and registered a case.At present, Anasagar is overflowing even after the rains ceased since last four days as water from canals is still flowing in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407936", "title": "Kushal meets Dalai Lama", "text": "Kushal Punjabi is an adventurist, who loves to travel and explore new places. And with the outcome of his latest trip, we are forced to believe that these random trips can result in some unexpected perks too.The journey took him through 800 kms on a bike and the climax and the highest point of the entire trip for Kushal was meeting Dalai Lama in-person. Says the actor, \"There was so much security because this was the closest point to China that the Dalai Lama had ever come. I felt honoured and privileged to have met him in person. He took my hand in his and blessed me. Sitting on stage with him felt like I had attained nirvana. He blessed me personally and we sat with him on stage while he spoke to hundreds of his students, monks, foreigners and local people. My only regret would be that I wasn't allowed to click a picture with him.\" The actor now aspires to do a travel-cum-adventure show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "seechewal (jalandhar)", "code": "16405529", "title": "'Green revolution' to rule airwaves", "text": "SEECHEWAL (JALANDHAR): Punjab is on the verge of a second 'green' revolution, with Seechewal village in Doaba belt set to get its first community radio dedicated to creating awareness on key environment issues. Apart from this, it will be a vehicle for providing educational support to those who can't afford it.Information and Broadcasting ministry has given a green signal to the radio station, being established by environmentalist Baba Balbir Singh Seechewal at Sant Avtar Singh memorial College in Seechewal village. Test runs have successfully demonstrated that it will have a reach of 15km.\"We have almost completed the testing, the studio is being readied, and we are thinking of going live on October 1,\" said Baba Sukhjit Singh, second-in-command to Baba Seechewal, who is away to the UK.There is an air of excitement on the third floor of the college, where the radio station is set to become operational as youngsters and students are expected to have a major role in running the show. Harbans Singh Chahal, who had made a presentation before the panel of the ministry for the project, said environment is their key thrust area Baba Sukhjit Singh said they would be coming up with programmes on education, especially for students who can't afford tuitions, but need extra support. \"These would be aired in the evening to make it convenient for them.''This is not Baba Seechewal's first initiative in protecting environment. His efforts to rejuvenate the historic Kali Bein, has won him accolades in India and abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16336627", "title": "Men too are victims of sexual harassment", "text": "With the government contemplating whether men should be included in the Sexual Harassment at Workplace Bill, we wonder why they were left out in the first place.The Women and Child Development minister, Krishna Tirath , recently announced that the government will conduct a study on \"what kind of (sexual) harassment of males is prevalent at workplaces.\" This has prompted many to wonder - male sexual harassment - is that really a thing? From Michael Douglas in Disclosure to Akshay Kumar in its Bollywood rip-off Aitraaz - there have been cases of men being victims to sexual harassment in the reel and real-life workplaces in the past. But why is the topic still not taken seriously? That's probably because though many agree that subjecting men to involuntary groping and touching is certainly not a laughable matter (ask John Travolta's last masseur and victim!), many are still used to seeing men as the harassers rather than the harassed. However, not only is male sexual harassment 'a thing' - it has been legally addressed in countries across the world, and has precedents in several workplaces.Legal definition The definition of sexual harassment, as per the US Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) is \"Unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors, and other verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature\" at the workplace. See? Completely gender neutral! In fact, in most countries, the definition is applicable to both sexes and falls under two categories for men - female-on-male harassment and male-on-male harassment.The first ever reported case of male sexual harassment was in the United States in 1995, when a female supervisor at Dominoes pinched the male manager's butt. The EEOC sued the outfit and the manager was paid $237,000 in damages.However, in India, where the Sexual Harassment at Workplace Bill was passed only in 2012, the provisions were restricted to women and their modesty. Is this because men don't get molested in Indian workplaces? Nope, because as it turns out, men do get sexually harassed in India... a lot!Male harassment in India Judging from the findings of a recent Economic Times-Synovate survey, the men need to be incorporated in that bill ASAP. Of the 527 people queried across seven cities - Bangalore, Chennai, Delhi, Hyderabad, Kolkata, Mumbai and Pune - 19% said they have faced some kind of sexual harassment at office. In Bangalore, 51% of the respondents had been sexually harassed, while in Delhi and Hyderabad, 31% and 28% of those surveyed said they had been sexually harassed. Around 38% of the respondents across 7 cities in India said that in today's workplaces, \"men are as vulnerable to sexual harassment as women.\"The biggest reason why these cases were never reported was \"social ridicule\" and because they felt they wouldn't be believed due to India's social beliefs.Across the world During 2009, 16% of all sexual harassment cases were filed by men in the US (and more than 2,200 men filed complaints in 2008).According to a 2006 government study in the United Kingdom , two out of five sexual harassment victims in the UK were male, with 8% percent of all sexual harassment complaints to the Equal Opportunities Commission (Britain's EEOC), coming from men.When it isn't all about work Two 20-something professionals anonymously reveal to DT why going to work became a \"horrible\" experience after their respective bosses and colleagues took office flirting to a new level, and in one of the cases, refused to back off even when confronted.She grabbed me; I wanted to slap her, but couldn't, as I've been taught to respect women I started working as a trainee accountant with my firm in 2008 and through the years, I've managed to gain the respect of my colleagues and my seniors. Sheena (name changed) joined my firm in 2009 and from the beginning, everyone knew she was the flirtatious type. We all took it in good humour and she was fun to be around at first, but things weren't the same when she started openly flirting with me. It seemed like I had become her target in office, and it was very embarrassing. Once, she spread her legs in front of me and I could see that she was wearing a thong. This happened in my cubicle, and as much as I would like to believe it, it wasn't a mistake. She sat like that for a long time, and kept flirting with me. She would make excuses to take coffee breaks right when I'd have to step out for a smoke.All of this was fine, up until one day she grabbed my butt. I was speechless. She was fishing for compliments and I told her she was hot, so she replied by saying I was pretty hot myself, and grabbed me from behind. I could only smile at her in embarrassment, but somewhere deep inside, I just wanted to slap her. Being brought up in a household that respects women, I didn't react. I am just looking to out her in front of my other colleagues one day, as I'm sure she will try one of her tricks on me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16402899", "title": "Diesel price hike, LPG rationing to hit common man", "text": "JAIPUR: With the Centre deciding to raise diesel prices and limit the LPG supply to 6 cylinders in a year, now it will be difficult for the common man to not only buy vegetables but also to use the transport and prepare a meal. The recent decision has virtually derailed the budget of almost every house.The wholesale rates of vegetables that come to Muhana Mandi, Jaipur's biggest wholesale vegetable and fruit market, from the nearby areas increased on Friday. The prices in the next 1-2 days are expected to shoot up by 25-30%. \"Most of the fruits and vegetables come in Rajasthan from other states by trucks. With diesel prices going up, the transportation companies are likely to increase their freights too. We expect that there will at least 30% increase in the wholesale prices,\" said Radheyshyam Phata, president of Rajasthan Fruits and Vegetable Traders Association.The other decision of limiting 6 cylinders for every household annually at the rate of Rs 376 and Rs 780 for the seventh cylinder onwards has also come as a shock for the common man. Each household will receive only 3 subsidized cylinders as counting will be based on the current financial year.\"It is anarchy that has prevailed in this country. Being a poor has become a crime. We have a family of 5 persons and one cylinder lasts for only a month. But the new rules will make a dent in our budget as we will have to pay around Rs 800 for extra cylinders,\" said Vimla Jain, a housewife in Raja Park.The industries in the state too have condemned the decision of diesel hike and fear a further jolt to the industrial output. The auto and electronic goods sector that was hoping for a good season due to festivals is now apprehensive. Experts claim that the fuel hike will have cumulative effect putting more burden on the common man.\"There will be rise of 10-12% in the cost of production. Not only transportation cost but workers too will demand more salaries increasing the labour cost. Ultimately it will be passed on to the end consumers,\" said Atmaram Gupta, an industrialist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16407117", "title": "Telcom operators cannot charge extra for SMSs, calls on 'blackout days': Trai", "text": "NEW DELHI: Telecom operators will not be able to charge customers on calls or SMSs beyond their existing tariff plans on 'blackout days' like Diwali and New Year, according to a Trai directive issued today.\"The charges for calls or SMSs on 'blackout' days shall not exceed the rate in the tariff plan in which the consumer is enrolled,\" Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) said.'Blackout days' refer to the day on which the service providers do not allow free or concessional voice calls and SMS offered by them under any plan or package, such as festivals like Diwali, Holi, etc.Trai said consumers have to be given intimation prior to start of every blackout day and the date/occasion of the blackout day shall also be intimated.A list of blackout days applicable for the calendar year shall be displayed on the website of service providers, before start of every calendar year and shall be published, service area wise, along with the tariff plans of the service provider, every six months, the regulator added.The new guidelines are in addition to those already in place as per which the number of blackout days shall not exceed five in a calendar year and no alteration in any such date is allowed after the package is subscribed by the consumer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16404944", "title": "Police instructors granted bail in recruit suicide case", "text": "PUNE: The court of additional sessions judge Ravindra Pande on Thursday granted bail to the two police instructors who were arrested for abetting the suicide of a 24-year-old police recruit Devidas Suryabhan Punjarwad after he had failed to meet their alleged bribe demands.The court released sub-inspector Ramchandra Ghule, in charge of training, and police naik Nana Salunke, drill instructor, on a personal bond of Rs 15,000 each with one surety of the like amount.The bail order has warned the policemen not to tamper with the prosecution's evidence or influence witnesses. The policemen have been directed to report to the Shivajinagar police station whenever they are called for questioning.Devidas was found hanging from a tree at the police headquarters in Shivajinagar on September 4. He had written on his trousers that he was ending his life because the two policemen were harassing him for money. Devidas had written that Ghule and Salunke were demanding Rs 10,000 and Rs 5,000, respectively, from him.Ghule and Salunke were arrested under section 306 (abetment of suicide) of the Indian Penal Code after Devidas's elder brother Shivshankar (26), who is a police constable with the traffic branch lodged a complaint against them.Devidas had sent an SMS to Shivshankar mentioning that Ghule and Salunke were demanding money from him. He requested Shivshankar not to let them get away. Devidas had used a sari to hang himself. He was selected in the po-lice force during a recruitment drive in May last year. Devidas was among 50 recruits undergoing two-and-a-half months' training at the headquarters.The policemen's lawyer, Pratap Pardeshi, told the court that Devidas had committed suicide due to frustration as he had failed in a love affair.Pardeshi submitted that there was no prima facie case under section 306 of the IPC against his clients as Devidas had not made complaints to senior police officials about the alleged demands made by the instructors.He claimed that his clients have been training recruits for the last 25 years and there have been no complaints against them in the past. He pleaded for bail as the police had completed investigations. The prosecution opposed the bail saying that the policemen were involved in a serious offence and feared that they might influence the witnesses. The court upheld Pardeshi's submissions and ordered the release of the policemen on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16404338", "title": "Sex racket: 5 get 3 days police custody", "text": "CALANGUTE: The five men who were arrested by the Calangute police on Thursday evening for their involvement in a prostitution racket were remanded to three days police custody by the JMFC, Mapusa, on Friday evening.Calangute police said that, acting on a tip-off that prostitution activities were going on there, they maintained a watch on Lazyina guest house at Tivaivaddo, Calangute. On Thursday evening, a police team raided the place and arrested five men and also rescued two Goan women who were forced into prostitution.PI Nolasco Raposo, who led the raiding team, said of the five men, three were involved in running the guest house and trafficking the women for prostitution, while the other two men were customers who were caught literally red-handed.The three men who were arrested for trafficking women are Abhishek Gupta, Hanif Khan and Biju Nair, all residents of Calangute. The two customers, Chaithanya Rao and Sharath Kumar, who were caught, are both tourists from Hyderabad. Calangute police have registered an offence against the five under Sections 3, 4, 5, &amp; 7 of the Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act, 1956.One of the accused, Abhishek Gupta had been previously arrested by the CID/Crime Branch, Dona Paula, in a similar offence on December 5, 2011, under Sections 3, 4 &amp; 5 of Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act, 1956.The two women, both of them in their twenties, and both residents of Candolim, were admitted at the state protective home in Merces.The police team which raided the guest house comprised PI Nolasco Raposo, PSI Sherif Jacques, LPSI Devayani Naik, PCs Vaman Naik, Vinay Srivastav, Vinod Naik, Rupesh Kandolkar and LPC Sheetal Kinlekar, all of Calangute police station.Further investigation is in progress.The raid was conducted as part of the ongoing drive against illegal activities being conducted in the northern coastal belt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16404337", "title": "Gondia naib tehsildar booked under atrocities act", "text": "GONDIA: Naib tehsildar Satyandrasingh Raghuvanshi has been booked under atrocities act following a police complaint by scribe Rajendra alias Raju Chourey. Chourey has alleged that Raghuvanshi abused him by his caste and drove him out of his office on September 4.Already acquainted with the naib tehsildar, Chourey had approached Raghuvanshi on September 3 to secure caste certificate for his friend Sheshrao Sarnaik's son. Raghuvanshi demanded Rs 1,000 to get the work done, Chourey alleged. Sheshrao immediately paid him Rs 200 and assured to pay the balance amount the next day.Unfortunately, Sheshrao failed to pay the amount. Agitated over this, Raghuvanshi insulted and abused Chourey. The naib tehsildar also abused him by his caste which prompted Chourey to file a written complaint with sub divisional officer Anant Walaskar. When Walaskar got the complaint, he immediately summoned Raghuvanshi and scolded him over the issue.Not satisfied with this action, Chourey lodged a police complaint against Raghuvanshi. After completing the formalities, police inspector Sunil Bonde of Gondia city police station registered an offence against Raghuvanshi under sections 3(1) (10) of protection of Backward Communities act 1988 on September 12.SDPO Shashikant Borate is probing the case. Meanwhile, Raghuvanshi got an interim bail till September 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16404730", "title": "Safety guidelines for work sites soon", "text": "CHENNAI: The wall collapse at a stadium under construction at an engineering college near Sriperumbudur, 50km from Chennai, that claimed ten lives in August was a warning on how health and safety norms are violated at construction sites across the city, say experts.At a five-day national workshop on human factors and occupational safety in construction industry to be held at the end of September, scientists and civil engineers from the Regional Labour Institute, Chennai and Indian Institute of Technology-Madras will draw up guidelines, after exploring risk-prone activities and identifying factors affecting safety.Construction companies, architects, government agencies and city planners are expected to participate. The safety record at most construction sites in Chennai is poor, says Venkatesh Balasubramanian, department of engineering design, IIT-M, after a study at various sites. \"We have seen simple rules being violated even at large sites. Workers don't wear protection gear while working at heights or carrying loads. Their hands aren't covered with gloves when handling cement,\" he said. Rarely are meetings called or training offered to labourers, says RLI director R K Elangovan. Scientists will propose that government agencies that approve constructions play a critical role in safety enhancement. Even when a government agency engages a private firm to build bridges or lay roads, the firm's safety and records are not scrutinized.Most labourers at construction sites, a majority of them migrants, live in makeshift tents without basic facilities and often take ill. Many of them are addicted to alcohol. \"They do hard physical work that can cause debilitating spinal injuries. Very often these are not diagnosed. But this problem is not recognised as there is an endless stream of workers,\" Balasubramanian said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16408286", "title": "Auto union to meet CM on fare hike next week", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Rickshawmen's Union, led by Congress leader Hussain Dalwai, plans to meet chief minister Prithviraj Chavan early next week to demand for a hike in autorickshaw fares.\"We are happy with the recommendations made by the Hakim committee report on fare hikes. The fare increase should be at least Rs 3 on base fare,'' said Thampy Kurien, a senior leader from the union.\"Our president, Dalwai, has already sought an appointment with CM next week and we will take a delegation to him. Our request will be to expedite the process of fare hikes for autos,'' he stated. If the government accepts the Hakim panel recommendations, the minimum fare for auto in Mumbai, Navi Mumbai and Thane will be Rs 15 and it will be Rs 10 for every additional km. At present, the minimum fare is Rs 12 and it is Rs 7 for every subsequent km.Consumer rights activist Shirish Deshpande said that the commuters were opposed to any form of hikes at present. \"The government should first resolve the issues of commuters and then think of giving a fare raise to auto and taxi drivers,'' he said, while pointing out that there was a spurt in cases of refusals by drivers, tampering of the meters and rude behaviour with passengers. Deshpande further stated that he too would take a delegation to CM, opposing the hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16403120", "title": "HC asks 9 Stephen\u2019s students to go to VC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Following Delhi University's exemption for U-19 Cricket World Cup star Unmukt Chand, nine other students enrolled under sports quota in St Stephen's College will now seek similar relief from the VC.The Delhi high court on Friday asked the nine students, who filed a petition in it, to make a representation to the DU vice-chancellor in a week's time, saying they \"are on the same footing as Chand\". It further asked the VC to consider the plea of these students who have not been promoted due to shortage of attendance.HC put up the case for hearing on October 14. HC was hearing a batch of petitions where the students have been barred from being promoted due to shortage of attendance over a host of reasons varying from illness to participating in sports. Out of the total number of petitioners, nine were filed by students who are from the sports quota and are fighting against the college's decision to prevent them from taking either the next semester examination or the annual papers. The students have complained that they are being penalized for pursuing excellence in sports despite being admitted under the category. \"Actions of the college will result in loss of an academic year and jeopardize future career prospects,\" the aggrieved students have argued, blaming the college authorities for not even informing them that their attendance was falling short.The students also said the VC has often exercised his discretion in permitting students with as less shortage as 35% to take the examination yet in their case no relief is being offered. On its part, the college, through its counsel Romy Chacko, cited the DU ordinance to point out that there is no provision by which it can grant relief to the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16405070", "title": "HC reserves verdict on reopening of bars, wine shops", "text": "GUWAHATI: Alcohol-lovers in the city will have to wait for some more time to visit their favourite joints and pubs as the Gauhati high court on Friday once again reserved its judgment on reopening of many bars, pubs and wine shops. The HC will take up the matter on September 18.Still, some 103 wine shops and bars here are awaiting HC clearance.The HC reserved the judgment after the state government prayed for modification of the order of restriction of opening of bars and wine shops here taking into consideration the preliminary report of the high-power committee (HPC) formed by the state government to inquire into granting liquor licenses and loss of revenue in the state.Advocate Bhaskar Dev Konwar, the counsel of petitioner Arun Pathak, a city-based liquor licensee, said the loss suffered by the closure of bars is huge.Earlier, the HC had modified its previous order of closing all liquor shops and bars located within a 500-metre radius of educational institutes, religious places, courts and healthcare centres and ordered re-opening of all liquor shops and bars which have a valid license before March 13, 2000.The HPC, in its preliminary report, suggested guidelines on reopening bars here from 4 to 10 pm and in the rest of Assam from 4 to 9 pm. The Government was also advised to reintroduce at least two dry days in a month and also, on days of religious festival, which have a precedence of drunken behaviour leading to law and other problems.KN Choudhury, additional advocate general of Assam, submitted the list of names of officers who issued licences to 431 wine shops and bars here, to the HC.On the other hand, the excise department has constituted a three-member committee to inquire on the illegal grants of liquor licences here. The probe is supposed to be over within December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16404309", "title": "Six caught trying to steal baby", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Two women and their four associates tried to make away with a one-day-old infant from the King George Hospital in the early hours of Friday. The six member gang was later taken into custody by the I-Town police.According to the father of the baby boy, Korra Subba Rao of Srungavarapukota, the six gang members started behaving in an unusually friendly way ever since the child was born on Thursday. Police said the six belong to the same family from Domalapakalu near Samarlakota of East Godavari district and had planned to kidnap the child ever since they set their eyes on him.The six accused when caught by the father of the boy and another person Varalakshmicame up with a story that they had mistaken the child as that of their relative's and said that their relatives might actually be in the Gosha Hospital. The police found that their story was fabricated and took them into custody. They will be produced in the court on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407341", "title": "Dabangg 2 is going to shock my fans: Deepak", "text": "For Deepak Dobriyal, life's come a full circle now that he's got a chance to act with his idol, Salman Khan in Dabangg 2. \"I was a kid when 'Maine Pyaar Kiya' released, and I remember watching that film 17 times, each time for Salman Khan! He was the epitome of herogiri for me then, and still is. I would watch all of Salman bhai's films and copy his actions and dream of becoming an actor. So, you can imagine my excitement these days when I'm actually sharing screen space with him,\" says Deepak, who was in Lucknow for the shooting of the film. Having returned to the city to shoot after three years - he was last here for the filming of Tanu Weds Manu - Deepak visited all his favourite haunts in Lucknow. \"When we were shooting for TWM we would visit the restaurants near the Press Club, or go to Tundeys in Chowk. I hardly ever ate the hotel food. I would invariably go to a khomchewala and eat street food. And this time also, I did the same.\" And keeping to his word, the actor lunched at a chholekulche thela in Ganj yesterday. Talking of TWM , Deepak doesn't forget to reflect on how far he has come in his career since then. \"Before I played the role of Pappi in TWM , I was known as an actor of serious films, but that film gave me a new identity as an actor who could also do comedy. And that's what I want to be known as - an actor of different shades. An actor who will surprise his audience with each role. You won't believe, but after Omkaara and Gulaal , I must have refused nearly a 100 films because I didn't find much variation in the roles being offered to me from the ones I had already essayed. TWM came as a breather. And now Dabangg 2 is again going to shock my fans,\" says he with a smile. Despite being a Salman-starrer, Dabangg 2 wasn't an obvious choice for Deepak. \"I had my doubts about doing an out and out masala flick, besides being absolutely nervous about acting with Salman bhai. But whoever I discussed the film with, all had to say just one thing. ' Kya soch raha hai tu? Haan kar de fauran .' In fact, even my sabziwala in Mumbai advised me to do the film. I feel I've added a gilded feather to my cap by acting in Dabangg 2 . And I'm also happy that I'm keeping my promise to myself and my fans of doing something different in every film.\" But being different is not an easy task in Bollywood , Deepak would have us believe. \"Bollywood is very quick in branding a person. Jab maine Omkaara kari, toh waise roles mujhe offer hone lage, jab maine \"TWM\" kari toh saare Pappi jaise roles aane lage. Hum jaise supporting actors ko koi kuchh naya offer hi nahi karta. It makes work easy na, ki yeh toh aisa role kar hi chuka hai, ise issi role main fit kar do . But the fact is how many of us (supporting actors) want to do the same roles again and again? Abhi haal hi main mujhe Pappi jaisa role offer kiya gaya , by a director who's known to me since a very long time. But I refused him politely. I told him that why should I just be the hero's friend and keep solving the hero's problems? Why can't I also fall in love? Why can't I also have problems, why can't I also have a friend like me who will help me get the love of my life? He finally took my 'no' very graciously. To survive in the industry, one has to be very clear in the mind as to what one wants to do, and then stick to that conviction and learn to say a firm 'no',\" says Deepak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16404198", "title": "Opp on warpath; demands rollback", "text": "HYDERABAD: Opposition parties have planned a statewide protest against the diesel price hike and the new regulations for supply of LPG cylinder. While the TDP has threatened to lay siege to the office of civil supplies in Hyderabad on Saturday, the YSR Congress has lined up a series of demonstrations at district centres and in the various Assembly segments.Condemning the diesel price hike, TDP chief Chandrababau Naidu took out a rally on Friday from KBR Park to Jubilee Hills checkpost and as a symbolic protest physically pulled a diesel autorickshaw.Coming down heavily on the UPA government for the price hike, YS Vijayalakshmi, honourary president of YSRCP, said, \"Government is behaving as a commercial company counting on profit and loss and has hiked the price to make profit on the sales of diesel and LPG.We condemn this (diesel price hike) and urge the government to spare common people from this burden by fully subsidising the fuel.\" TRS legislator Harish Rao rued that price hike would result in higher inflation rate and essential commodities would be dearer.Party activists of TRS staged a protest in Karimnagar and pulled autorickshaw while CPI (M) activists burnt an effigy of UPA government at RTC crossroads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "thiruvantapuram", "code": "16405691", "title": "3 big proposals \u2018built\u2019 on paddy land", "text": "THIRUVANTAPURAM: At least three major proposals, which were showcased in the Emerging Kerala summit, would require reclamation of large swathes of paddy land.Sources indicated that the emergence of Planning Commission vice-chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia as a campaigner against the Kerala Conservation of Paddy Land and Wetland Act, 2008 in the summit came after he realized that it could pose as a major hurdle to these projects. Documents in possession of TOI prove that the industries department had informed the state government much ahead of the summit how the law could prevent many such proposals from taking off. A high-level meeting was convened on June 12, this year, by CM Oommen Chandy to discuss the issue and the solution that was arrived at was to amend the law.The Kochi-Palakkad National Investment and Manufacturing Zone (Nimz), which requires 13,000 acres of land will be completed only with the acquisition and conversion of 500 acres of paddy land in Ernakulam, says a report prepared by the industries department. The Kerala State Industrial Development Corporation has so far identified 4,250 acres of land for the project, which is held by public sector units.Similarly, for creating the Petroleum Chemicals and Petrochemical Industry zone in Ernakulam, 350 acres of paddy land needs to be converted. About 1,600 acres needs to be freshly acquired for this project, which will spread to around 4,000 acres. The entire 334 acres set aside for setting up the Electronics Park at Amballur is paddy land and the KSIDC has sought exemption for the whole area to set up the park.The shortcut used by the KSIDC to speed up the process was to label all these lands as fallow land. Though these stretches are paddy lands in revenue documents, the note prepared by the industries department specifically mentions that the paddy lands identified for all these projects are lying fallow.The industries department had also submitted a proposal from Kerala Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation (Kinfra) requesting sanction to convert paddy land for five of its proposed projects.Kinfra's plan to set up industrial parks in other districts too require conversion of paddy land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16404171", "title": "And Azgaonkar doesn't keep quiet", "text": "MARGAO: Former minister Manohar 'Babu' Azagonkar hit out at Tivim MLA and chairman of Goa state horticulture corporation (GHSC) Kiran Kandolkar for failing to take the agitation of local vegetable vendors seriously and demanded that the GHSC stop procuring vegetables from Belgaum, Karnataka.Azgaonkar said he supported local traditional vegetable vendors and farmers across the state and that most of the vendors from Gandhi market who took part in the recent morcha were from the OBC community and were suffering due to the stance taken by GSHC.Azgaonkar told mediapersons on Friday that subsidy should not be given to farmers and vendors from Belgaum but instead given to local vendors.He further demanded that local vendors who operate from the municipal markets be allowed to sell their products at the same discounted rates as is being sold at the GHSC-financed carts and that GHSC procure products from local vegetable vendors and sell the same at the carts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16404926", "title": "Follow Indore Municipal Corporation model, civic bodies across MP told", "text": "INDORE: Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has a reason to cheer. Madhya Pradesh government has asked civic bodies across the state to emulate IMC's model of birth and death registration and certification.Impressed with the method of birth and death registration and certification of IMC, commissioner of statistics department of state, S P Sharma has directed all civic bodies in the state to emulate the model.IMC is only civic body in the state which claims to have nearly 100% registration and over 90% of certification of birth and deaths. It is much high compared to the state average of 50% registration and only around 40% certification of birth and death.In-charge of birth and death registration department Dr Natwar Sarda said that instead of waiting for people to get registration and certification of birth and death, the civic body plays a proactive role by reaching out to the people at their door-step.The model was launched in May 2011. The civic body officials collect data of dead people everyday from crematorium grounds and hospitals of the city and feed it in their computer. Later they make certificates and sent it to respective crematorium grounds so that the certificates can be handed over to the family members when they return to complete the rituals in next few days. \"In this way, we get almost 100% registration and certification of deaths,\" Sarda said.Similarly, the officials visit all the hospitals in the city everyday and collect data related to births. The certificates made are then sent back to the respective hospitals from where the parents can collect them. \"These days, most of the deliveries take place in hospitals. This helps us achieve nearly 100% registration,\" he said.However, there are some technical glitches in achieving a 100% certification of births. \"In India, children do not have name at the time of birth and people generally do not come back to renew certificate with name. In many cases, people do not go back to the hospitals after deliveries and they do not collect the certificates,\" Sarda said.\"A birth certificate becomes null and void if it is not renewed with the name. As such, people should collect the birth certificates of the children. First certification is free which is sent to the hospitals and for the second certification, one has to pay a fee which is nominal,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16407034", "title": "Rain delays start of India-New Zealand Davis Cup tie again", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Heavy showers have delayed the start of the Davis Cup tie between India and New Zealand on the second successive day at the CLTA Tennis stadium on Saturday.The unfinished second singles between Vishnu Vardhan and Jose Statham was scheduled to start at 10 am this morning but now it would not start before 11:30 am, according to the officials.Vishnu was leading 6-2, 6-7(6), 6-4 when play was suspended due to bad light.If Vishnu manages to wrap the match in the fourth set itself on Saturday, then he will compete in the doubles as well. But if the match goes the full distance, then Sanam Singh is likely to take his place in the third rubber.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16407907", "title": "Himachal high court seeks details against officials on corruption and moral turpitude allegations", "text": "SHIMLA: Himachal Pradesh high court has directed the Chief Secretary to furnish the information regarding corruption cases and moral turpitude wherein officials and officers were involved during the last 10 years in every department.Division Bench comprising Chief Justice Kurian Joseph and Justice D C Chaudhary passed these orders during the hearing of a petition filed by Sher Singh against the state to set aside the departmental proceedings against him which had been ordered during the pendency of a criminal trial.Earlier , high court took the suo moto action in the matter and directed the chief secretary, to furnish the list of officers of doubtful integrity and to convey the Court what action has been taken by the government in those cases. Thereafter several orders were issued amongst which one direction was to the effect that Secretary Home shall furnish the information regarding corruption cases and moral turpitude wherein officials and officers were involved during the last 10 years in every department.During the hearing of the petition the court observed that since November, 2011 the court has been directing the Principal Secretary (Home) to furnish the information regarding officers/officials involved in corruption cases. But Secretary (Home) through affidavit on May 9 this year had informed the court that this will certainly take a lot of time and efforts as the information is to be consolidated by the concerned Administrative Secretaries after receiving the same from the DODs/Boards/Corporations under their control.Court further observed that period w.e.f November, 2011 up to May, 2012 would have been sufficient enough to call for the information and supply the same to the court. The court wonders, what they have been doing for the said six months. Being a Home Secretary, major part of information could have been easily got available from the police headquarters. There is no point in waiting for the report any further from the Secretary Home. Therefore, the Court directed the Chief Secretary to the Government of Himachal Pradesh to furnish the information within six weeks. The matter will be listed on October 31, 2012 for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407757", "title": "Shriya learnt Kalari for 'Chandra'", "text": "Narasimha Arts 'Chandra', produced by Naga Prasad and directed by Roopa Iyer is Shriya Saran's next film. Recently the film, which is a bilingual completed its shooting portions in USA. Prem, Shriya, Ganesh Venkataraman, Vivek participated in the sequences shot in USA.Shriya has shown her dancing talent in this film. She is a trained Kathak dancer, but in the film she had more Bharatha Natyam movements to perform. Shriya also trained herself intensively for two months in 'Kalari' for a fight sequence in 'Chandra'.The stunt choreographer of the film, Ravi Varma coordinated with director Roopa Iyer and created a concept of `Kalari` in the form of choreography.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "jorhat/itanagar", "code": "16405097", "title": "3 killed in Dhemaji, Arunachal cut off as NH-52 breached", "text": "JORHAT/ITANAGAR: The flood situation in the two northern Assam districts of Dhemaji and Lakhimpur worsened on Friday. According to official reports, floods has affected over 2,12,000 people in 214 villages under six revenue circles in the two districts. Road communication with the worst-affected Dhemaji district has remained cut off for the past 12 hours.Three persons, including two women, have died due to floods in Dhemaji so far. The victims belonged to Gogamukh and Sisiborgaon revenue circles. Rescue teams found the bodies of the two women, but the body of the man is still missing.Official sources said heavy rainfall in the hills of Arunachal Pradesh and the northern bank of the Brahmaputra during the past 28 hours has caused all the tributaries of the Brahmaputra to swell. The rising waters submerged thousands of hectares and the NH-52 has been breached at several places including the Nanadi area. The waters continue to submerge new areas in both the districts and thousands of people have been rendered homeless.\"According to reports, more than 2 lakh people from 200 villages under Dhemaji, Jonai, Sisiborgaon and Gogamukh revenue circles in Dhemaji district have been affected by floods so far,\" said additional deputy commissioner (Dhemaji) U K Boruah.He added, \"Two women in Gogamukh circle and a man in Sisiborgaon circle reportedly drowned today (Friday). Rescue teams found the bodies of the two women but the body of the man still missing.\"Additional deputy commissioner (Lakhimpur) Rupak Gupta said, \"About 12,000 people of 14 villages under Kodom and Nauboisha revenue circles have been affected by a fresh wave of floods in the district. However, no report of any casualty has been received so far.\"He added, \"The district administration officials regularly visit the affected areas and relief materials are distributed among the victims. However, the district lacks a special rescue team as a 31-member team of the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) left Lakhimpur three days ago.\"Meanwhile, road communication to several districts in Arunachal Pradesh was disrupted following breach of a major portion of the NH-52 in Dhemaji, Assam, by the gushing floodwaters of the river Gai since Thursday morning.Several vehicles headed for the three districts of East Siang, West Siang and Upper Siang remained stranded on both sides of the breached portion of the road since Thursday evening, official sources informed. However, transshipment of men and materials was done by country boats.The NH-52 is the lifeline of northern Assam and Arunachal's East Siang, West Siang and Upper Siang, Upper Subansiri, Lohit, Anjaw, Dibang Valley and Lower Dibang Valley districts.Vehicles enroute to Daporijo in Upper Subansiri have been diverted via Kimin-Ziro road through Pohumora in Assam's Lakhimpur district, sources said.Crisis of essential commodities in the three Siang districts is imminent if the flood situation did not improve immediately. However, official sources said there is enough stock of essential commodities in the three districts of the Siang belt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16404887", "title": "5 private firm staff held for Red links", "text": "KORAPUT: BSF personnel and policemen on Friday arrested the chief executive officer (CEO) and four other officials of a private construction company on charges of supplying explosives to Maoists in Malkangiri district.Police said they have also recovered huge quantities of improvised explosive devices (IED), gelatin powder, mobile phones, batteries and Maoist literature during the raid.The Hyderabad-based company, Lekcon Infrastructure Private Limited, has undertaken several major road projects worth several crores of rupees in the district.\"We had received intelligence inputs that the company's CEO had brought a huge quantity of explosives from Andhra Pradesh to Malkangiri in a SUV on Thursday night and subsequently a raid was planned,\" said SP (Malkangiri) Akhileswar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16404112", "title": "Monitor system to prevent abuse", "text": "It's better late than never. But the new system, too, will have to be monitored closely to prevent abuse. Jumping the queue for a railway ticket is one thing; jumping the queue while waiting for an organ transplant - that may make a life-and-death difference - is quite something else. The government should take lessons from both the positives and the negatives of the model already in place in other states like Tamil Nadu.Related Story:  Hopes rise for patients on donation list", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407921", "title": "Quality education for the underprivileged", "text": "One of the most powerful tools for the social and economic progress of a country is quality education. It brings with it equality among people. While privileged children receive international quality education, most underprivileged kids are provided with education only on paper. The aim hence, for imparting education should not only be on the numbers of children educated, but also the quality of education imparted.The thought has found many supporters. British Council for instance, in support of the Maharashtra state government's education policies, introduced the Maharashtra English Language Initiative for Primary Schools (MH-ELIPS) recently. This initiative aims at providing quality English language teaching in primary classes in schools across Maharashtra. \"As part of the Maharashtra ELIPS project, the British Council is providing direct training of two years to 920 Master Trainers, who are government school teachers from the Maharashtra. The training will focus on improving their English language proficiency and English language teaching methodology. Similar projects have been undertaken in Tamil Nadu , Karnataka, Assam , Bihar and New Delhi as well,\" shares Sam Harvey, director West India, British Council.Supriya Vivek, master trainer at MHELIPS, Nashik division, believes in the right method of teaching and quality information over the number of students in class, or the size of a textbook. \"Access to quality education for disadvantaged children will enable them to study further, analyse market demands and get good jobs. Our training involves a learner-oriented method of teaching English. Apart from traditional textbook teaching, we focus on group work and innovative games that help understand the language better,\" explains Vivek. Along with other prospective teachers, Vivek is currently undergoing training in three phases over a period of 20 days. Post training, they will cascade training to government school teachers across Maharashtra.Another such initiative is the TeachIndia programme, an initiative launched in 2008 that focuses on teaching spoken English to underprivileged youth, thus improving their employability quotient. The course curriculum has been designed by the British Council, keeping in mind the job market's demand for a good proficiency in English, both written and spoken. Here too, teachers are trained to share a learner-focused approach, with them acting as facilitators of knowledge. The initiative is implemented on ground by partner NGOs, mostly working in urban slums. Sukanya Swadi, who volunteered with TeachIndia recently shares, \"I always wanted to contribute to educating the underprivileged. Their eagerness to learn and express is half the job done.\"Education is a means to empower. The cycle is viscous\u2014you educate one generation and others follow. By ensuring quality education, one is assured of their right for a better life.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16402893", "title": "Bhanwari case: Court to hear CBI arguments on Sept 21", "text": "JODHPUR: After the prosecution completed framing of charges against Paras Ram Bishnoi, one of the accused in the Bhanwari Devi abduction and murder case, on Friday in the ACJM (SC/ST cases) court here, the defence counsel also completed its arguments presenting their side on the charges framed by the CBI.\"Now, we will give our reply of the objections and arguments of the defence on the accused\", senior special counsel for CBI, Ashok Joshi. The court has listed the case for hearing on September 21.Joshi said the defence has pleaded innocence for almost all the accused, citing absence of evidences. \"Now we will produce our evidences in the court to prove that all of them are part of the conspiracy and crime\", he said.In another development, the hearing on two applications - one from the son of Indra Bishnoi and the other by her brother Amar Singh - objecting to the CBI's proceedings of attachment of Indra's property, has been completed on Friday at the ACJM (CBI Cases).The court's order has been reserved for September 18 . \"The court turned down both the objections regarding her house,\" Joshi informed.\"But as far as her share in the ancestral property in Bilara, Tilvasni, Bhavi and Dhana Magra villages, the court may take further time,\" he added.A petition of similar nature by Indra's mother Amri Devi is also pending in the high court. The court has sought a reply from the CBI in connection with the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16403191", "title": "Set deadline for repair of transformers: Arjun Munda", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Friday asked officials of the Jharkhand State Electricity Board JSEB) to prepare district-wise list of burned or damaged transformers and fix a deadline for their replacement or repair.The directive was issued during the half-yearly review of progress of the state energy department here. \"I have asked the officials to update the department's website at the earliest and put all information on it. The department will also provide information of power supply situation in the state and update it every day,\" said Munda. The CM asked officials to prepare the data for electricity requirement at village level for better monitoring of transmission and distribution. The compilation of data should be completed by November 15.Sources present in the meeting said the department's officials informed the chief minister that a policy for increasing use of solar energy in the state would be ready within a couple of months. The department is also working on a plan to set up small hydel power plants with generation capacity of around 34 MW. The department will float tender for small hydel power plants by December.While reviewing the work of the industry department, Munda asked to set up an industrial estate in Palamu. The estate will come up on an area of around 10,000 acres. The CM also reviewed the achievements of road construction department in the first six months of the current financial year. The road construction department is one of the few departments where the progress has been relatively good. The department has spent 40% of its annual budget of Rs 1,950 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16404397", "title": "You're allowed to export ore: Parrikar to miners", "text": "PANAJI: Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar on Friday met mining stakeholders on the ongoing mining controversy and assured companies that they will be allowed to export the iron ore which is lying in jetties, said Shivanand Salgaoncar, president of the Goa mineral ore exporters' association.This decision of the government has brought some relief to the mining sector, which is panicking in view of the state government's decision to suspend mining operations till the verification of documents. The union ministry of environment and forest's announcement that they would suspend environment clearances didn't help, either.\"The CM has said that ore lying at jetties will be allowed to be exported after payment of royalty,\" said Salgaocar, speaking to mediapersons. Salgaocar said that Parrikar added that all the verification of documents will be done expeditely and, by the end of November, those who have the permissions and whose documents are complete, will be allowed to resume operations.Asked for his reaction on the MoEF decision, Salgaocar said that he has not seen the order and that \"when it comes to us, we will reply.\"During the meeting, chief minister Manohar Parrikar told mining companies to get all the documentation in order to be verified. Parrikar also said that royalty has already been paid for the ore which is lying on jetties.The chief minister also stated that the order to suspend mining operation has very clearly said that the ore which has already been extracted will not be included in the ban; that this ore can be exported subjected to verification.\"If it's found illegal after verification, we won't allow them to export it,\" Parrikar said, adding that it won't pose a problem for the state treasury, and that nothing will be stopped just because of less revenue from the mining sector.Parrikar said that he kept in mind the possibility that Goa will face a problem of closure of mines, like Karnataka, and that he has already made plans to generate revenue for the state.In a related development, representatives of the all Goa truck owners association and mining area MLAs met Parrikar on Friday and asked the CM that government should start legal mining as soon as possible. The truck owners association blamed previous government and the MoEF for illegal mining in the state. The association also requested the MoEF not to play politics on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16404919", "title": "Diesel price hike may up cost of living in Indore", "text": "INDORE: The hike in diesel prices and cap on the use of LPG is expected to upwardly revise the prices of essential commodities in the city. As demand for the fuels is not expected to dwindle, the hike in the prices will further increase the cost of living.After the hike, diesel in Indore is being sold at Rs 51.83 per litre. It will be inclusive of entry tax of 1% and 23%. As far as LPG is considered, the Centre has capped the use of subsidized domestic LPG to six refills a year.Secretary of MP Federation of Petrol Distributors' Association, Sudhir Airen said, \"Prices of petrol were being increased several times in the past. The hike in price of diesel which has come after a long time, will ease the load on petrol. It will not have any impact on consumption of the crude oil but it will surely increase the prices of essential commodities.\"Chartered accountant Sumit Sarada said, \"The diesel price hike is a step in the right direction. Still lot more needs to be done.\"Steel trader Hemant Juneja who owns two four-wheelers that run on diesel, said, \"The hike in diesel price will hit my budget. I would expect the government to consider containing interest rate on lending now.\"To protest the price hike, BJP had held a demonstration in the city on Friday. President of Indore city BJP, Shankar Lalwani said, \"The hike will definitely throw the monthly budget of the middle class for a toss. The impact will be intense and will be realized only after one to two months.\"Senior Congress leader Mahesh Joshi said, \"The number of subsidized LPG refills should be increased to 12 per year. The diesel price hike may push up the prices of essential commodities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16403001", "title": "Irate mob sets fire to police station in Ghaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A mob went on the rampage and set fire to a police station in Masuri area of Ghaziabad late on Friday night after they found a religious book near the Dasna railway station.To quell any disturbances in the area, police from four districts, including Gautam Budh Nagar and Bulandshahr, along with a PAC battalion were deployed at the spot and brought the situation under control.The rampaging people set the Masuri police station on fire and even burnt a restaurant. Several vehicles were torched and the Delhi-Moradabad section of the NH-24 was completely jammed. Traffic had to be diverted via Vijay Nagar in Ghaziabad.Police sources said that prima facie it appears that someone threw the book from a train going from Adhyatmik Nagar towards Hapur near the railway station. Local residents approached the police and shouted slogans against the administration and the police.Speaking to TOI, Uttar Pradesh ADG (law and order), Jagmohan Yadav, said, \"When the people reached the police station, the station officer asked them to register an FIR. Soon others came and started shouting slogans against the administration and attacked the police station. However, no one was hurt seriously in the incident.\"\"The situation is tense, but we have brought things under control after deploying adequate forces in the area. Police forces from neighbouring districts have already been stationed while an RAF battalion is soon expected to reach here,\" Yadav added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16404111", "title": "Pawar urges PM to open legal mines", "text": "PANAJI: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) national president and union minister for agriculture, Sharad Pawar , called on Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday and discussed the mining issue in Goa in the wake of the Shah commission report on illegal mining. Party spokesman in Goa, Avinash Bhonsle, said that Pawar has apprised the PM of the closure of mines in Goa, and about the possible fallouts of the closure. He urged the PM for speedy action to open the mines which have necessary permissions.Pawar also advised both the Congress and BJP not to politicize the issue and refrain from action which may result in irreparable damage to the state's economy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "khandwa", "code": "16404681", "title": "Reality bites: Khandwa\u2019s made-for-TV protest", "text": "KHANDWA: Welcome to the village which was in the eye of the storm with 'jal satyagrah' for the past three weeks, where people displaced by the Omkareshwar dam were recorded by television cameras in neck-deep water, agitating for compensation and land. It's a story of how the entire media was taken for a ride with the help of mobile phones, which came in handy for keeping tabs on TV crews.The spot shown on TV channels where the agitators protested is not the village proper but the banks of a canal running into the Narmada. The canal, locally known as Kaveri, runs between the villages of Ghogalgaon and Toki. Both the villages are on a higher altitude while the demonstration spot was on a slide outside Ghogalgaon running into Kaveri. Even as viewers across the country were outraged by what they saw, in reality, the water hereabouts is just knee-deep. When TOI inspected the place of demonstration after the water receded, the spot was found to be only two feet deep.\"We were sitting in water,\" said Mehtab Giri, a villager who joined the protest. \"First, we laid bricks and stone slabs on which were placed iron doors used for sluice gates of the dam. This would help us sit comfortably during the protest. There were two such rows: the first near the shore and the other two steps behind.\"Local journalist Anant Maheshwari, present on most days during the agitation, said, \"Whenever the media took shots, the second arrangement in the slightly deeper water was used. Agitators waded into water to show the level sometimes chin-deep and at others, neck-deep. When they stood up, it was hardly till their waist.\" And they weren't in water all the time; they frequently walked in and out of the canal.\"We stayed in water for 17 days but occasionally did come out, at times to go to toilet,\" said a protester, Radheyshyam Tirole. Asked whether he slept in the water, Tirole said, \"How can anyone sleep in the water?\" Another villager Chaen Bharati Goswami said, \"We slept for three hours during the night. We stepped out of the water to bathe and eat, etc.\"Another villager said the agitators walked out of water and sat on dry land under the NBA 'shamiyana' when the media wasn't present. \"Every time they stepped out, there were medical teams applying ointments to their feet,\" he said. The agitators also kept changing.\"So long as I watched the situation, there were only three people in the water most of the time. One man had white spots on his body, another was a sadhu. The third was NBA worker Chittarupa Palit, who also walked out to brief the media and file documents. Others took turns. The evidence is all in the television shots,\" said Maheshwari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16408106", "title": "Anushka Sen to join Shama Sikander and Karishma Tanna in Baal Veer", "text": "TOI.com exclusively wrote about SAB TV's new offering Baal Veer marking Karishma Tanna's return to daily soaps. Shama Sikander will also be part of this supernatural show and will essay an equivalent role to that of Karishma Tanna's character.Now, the latest we have heard is that apart from Karishma Tanna and Shama Sikander essaying pivotal roles in the show, Anushka Sen, last seen in Life OK's Devo Ke Dev... Mahadev will join hands with the cast. While a new child actor will essay the role of Baal Veer.The show is all about a boy, hailing from a different supernatural world, having powers to fight against evil, Anushka will essay a character of a normal girl without any powers.The channel will undergo certain programming changes to put Baal Veer in the primetime slot.As per the reports, the show will go on air from 8th of October, 8:00 pm while the promos will hit the airwaves from Monday (17th September).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16404114", "title": "Cops playing judge subverts the legal system", "text": "The practice of cops playing judge and arbiter is gross abuse of power. Corruption, which has become all-pervasive at the ground level, feeds on such subversions of the system. But such practices have become so well-entrenched that it may take more than a government circular to set things right. The court's observations should come as a wake-up call for the new regime in charge of Mumbai Police.Related Story:  Punish cops who act like judges: HC", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16404248", "title": "Quepem celebrates Ganesh with panache", "text": "MARGAO: It's raining cars and cash at Quepem's community Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations.Seven top-of-the-line, luxury cars- BMW 320D, Skoda Laura Ambition, Toyota Innova, Volkswagen Vento, Hyundai Verna, Mahindra Thar CRDe and Nissan Micra XV- are up for grabs as prizes for lucky winners of the donation coupons of the Quepem Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav mandal, which are priced at Rs 1,000 each.The 10,000 coupons printed by the Quepem Ganeshotsav mandal were sold out within five days of their release. Those desperate to try their luck now, have to shell out a premium to purchase it from whoever is willing to resell his coupon - and there are quite a few who have managed to buy it this way, sources said.The Quepem Ganeshotsav mandal is into its 25th year and to celebrate this landmark occasion, they have come out with a separate edition of donation coupons that has on offer attractive cash prizes ranging from four lakh to 25 lakh. These too were sold out within days, a pointer to the growing popularity of the donation coupons.President of the mandal Pradeep Shirvoikar told TOI that it was transparency in the affairs of the mandal that has enabled them to win the trust of the people. \"The money that we get through the sale of the coupons is given back to the people by way of prizes, and organizing religious and cultural events during Ganeshotsav celebrations. We also offer scholarships for deserving students every year and also contribute to charitable causes. Besides, the draw of the coupons is held in a very transparent manner in the presence of the public and distinguished personalities. We declare the names and contact addresses of the winners in the local newspapers immediately so that there is no scope for any manipulations,\" Shirvoikar said.The donation coupons, as with other Ganeshotsav mandals, have been an inseparable part of the community Ganeshotsav celebrations of the Quepem Ganeshotsav mandal, since it was formed in 1989. \"From collecting 20,000 by selling 400 coupons priced at 50 each in 1989, to generating a revenue of 2 crore this year through sale of donation coupons alone, it has been a successful and satisfying march,\" Shirvoikar, who is the founder president of the mandal, said.To mark the silver jubilee celebrations, the Quepem Ganeshotsav mandal has roped in cultural artistes from Mumbai who will perform in two mega cultural events planned for the occasion, apart from two Marathi dramas, an orchestra, besides other religious programmes.The draw of the coupons will be held on September 27, the last day of the nine-day Ganeshotsav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16404749", "title": "EB Engineer held for taking Rs 50,000 bribe", "text": "CHENNAI: Directorate of vigilance and anti-corruption ( DVAC) sleuths on Friday arrested a Tamil Nadu Electricity Board assistant engineer for taking 50,000 as bribe from a sweet stall manager.The manager had approached him to enhance the electricity consumption level of his shop. Police teams led by deputy superintendents of police K Shanmugam and S Thirunavukarasu laid a trap and arrested the assistant engineer, D Surya, when he was accepting the bribe in his office in JJ Nagar.Later, police teams raided his house in Mogappair. Surya was remanded in judicial custody after being produced before the chief judicial magistrate, Tiruvallur. He was later lodged in Puzhal prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16405490", "title": "Diesel, LPG price hike cruel, say angry residents", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Union government's decision to hike diesel prices by Rs 5 per litre and put a ceiling of six per year on subsidized cylinders has evoked sharp criticism from homemakers in the city, who have clearly given these decisions thumbs down.The men in the house too aren't amused as many of them had switched over to diesel cars recently after back-to-back petrol price hikes. With the price gap coming closer, they are regretting the decision.While increase in the rates of daily goods was already giving housewives a hard time in managing their budgets, hike in the rate of diesel and cylinders have added fuel to the fire. \"How will I manage my household budget? My family's monthly requirement is one cylinder every month. This reduction in subsidized cylinders is cruel and is going to make things very difficult,\" said Meena Singh, a resident of Sector 2 in Panchkula.Upset that the present government has failed to make life easy for the public, Poonam Sood of Sector 115, said, \"The government has failed miserably in providing relief to people. I'm waiting to hear how \"The Economist\" - Manmohan Singh supports the government's actions now.\"\"Given the high rates of petrol, I had converted my car into a diesel and now the prices of diesel are also going up. How are we supposed to keep adjusting to the increasing rates every second or third month?\" questions Kiran Bala, a resident of Sector 51.\"With this sudden ceiling on gas cylinders there is only one possible outcome - choosing electronic cook tops. We are a family of six members and thus one cylinder lasts maximum for a month. But now buying unsubsidized cylinder would disturb the monthly budget,\" complaints Kritika Chopra, a resident of Sector 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "buenos aires", "code": "16405056", "title": "Tomas Berdych pulls Czechs level in Argentina", "text": "BUENOS AIRES: Tomas Berdych recovered from two sets to one down, and 1-4 behind in the fourth set, to stun Juan Monaco 6-1, 4-6, 1-6, 6-4, 6-4 and pull the Czech Republic level 1-1 with Argentina in the Davis Cup semifinals on Friday.With Argentine football legend Diego Maradona and former tennis glamour girl Gabriela Sabatini amongst the raucous 13,00-crowd inside Parque Roca, Berdych dug deep to claim a famous win for the Czechs.Berdych, who defeated Roger Federer on his way to the US Open semifinals last week, won nine straight games to lead 5-3 in the decider.But Monaco stopped the rot for a break to trail 4-5 before Berdych broke again to seal victory.Earlier, Juan Martin del Potro got Argentina off to a winning start with victory in straight sets against Radek Stepanek.Del Potro, ranked eighth in the world, needed two hours and 41 minutes to beat Stepanek 6-4, 6-4, 6-2 on the clay of Parque Roca.Argentina will now look to their doubles pairing of Carlos Berlocq and Eduardo Schwank , who face Berdych and Stepanek, to restore their advantage on Saturday.Argentina have never won the Davis Cup, falling in the final in 1981, 2006, 2008 and 2011.The Czechs were champions in 1980 and reached the final in 2009 where they were defeated by Spain.The winner of this tie will go through to the final against holders Spain or the United States, who are meeting in the other semi in Gijon this weekend.Spain were leading 2-0 at the end of the first day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407004", "title": "Fun filled evening with quiz contest", "text": "A high profile do that included the city's popular businessmen, corporate czars, women entrepreneurs and BPO owners recently got together for an interesting funfilled evening that had a business related quiz contest testing power of intelligence.The contest faced a huge participation with many participants vouching for the final rounds in Delhi. Popular celebs like Ravin Bhojani, Pavan Bakeri, Rajan Vasa were among the few spotted at the event. With women dressed in stylish dresses and men turning out in suits looked dapper at this do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16405320", "title": "NY bans large sodas in eateries, theatres", "text": "NEW YORK: New York became the first city in the US to ban the sale of large sodas and sugary beverages in restaurants, a move that mayor Michael Bloomberg said will help combat the \"obesity epidemic\" that kills 6,000 New Yorkers every year and is destroying the health of Americans. The New York City Board of Health voted 8-0 on Thursday in favour of limiting the size of sugary beverages sold in restaurants, mobile food carts, delis and at movie theatres, stadiums and arenas.The new regulation will go into effect next March, giving establishments six months to comply with new rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16402963", "title": "Delhi University waives fees for disabled students", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University (DU) has decided to waive fees and hostel charges for people with physical disabilities from this academic year. They will also get a 50% mess subsidy.It has been decided that students with physical disabilities enrolled in the faculties, departments, centres and institutions/colleges of DU will be exempted from payment of fees, excluding admission fee, subscription towards Delhi University Students' Union and the identity card fee.\"The other university fees include library fees, health centre fees, sports fees and university development fund fees. The university has also issued a circular to all the deans of faculties, heads of departments, principals of colleges and directors of centres to refund the fees already paid by these students for the academic session 2012-13 at the earliest,\" said deputy registrar (academic) Ram Dutt.This year, around 500 students with disabilities have enrolled in various undergraduate courses, the highest so far, although 1,500 undergraduate seats are reserved for them at DU. The decision is likely to benefit around 2,000 students at various undergraduate and postgraduate levels, including MPhil and PhD.TOI on August 28 first reported about DU planning a series of initiatives for physically disabled students. These included free transport, subsidized housing and provision of assistive devices to help students in their higher studies.\"All physically-handicapped category students who are residents of different hostels/halls of the university will also be exempted from payment of all fees and charges, except the refundable caution fees. Moreover, the university shall pay 50% of the mess fees as well,\" said Dutt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16404122", "title": "File FIRs against the exposed: MGP", "text": "PANAJI: The Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP), which is a coalition partner in the six-month old BJP-led government, on Friday at its central committee meeting urged the government to go ahead and file FIRs and prosecute all those involved in illegal mining as exposed by the Shah commission. Party MLA Lavu Mamledar said, \"The party fully supports the decision of the government to prosecute all those involved in illegal mining.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16402621", "title": "Hiking pay will up inflation, says R Ashoka", "text": "BANGALORE: Deputy CM and transport minister R Ashoka on Friday said the government won't meet the KSRTC employees' wage-hike demand. The drivers, conductors and mechanics have 41 other demands.\"If the wage demand is met, bus fares will have to be hiked at least by 14.43%. It'll be a burden on the common man when the state is in the grip of a drought. The government is not ready for this,\" he said. The government is ready to meet all other demands.He indicated that fares would not be raised following the 5% diesel price hike effected on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16405507", "title": "Panjab University canteen worker hangs himself", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 20-year-old youth working at a Panjab University (PU) hostel canteen committed suicide by hanging himself on Friday morning. Deceased's co-worker, who had gone to call him for work in the morning, found his body hanging from the ceiling fan. Police have not found any suicide note from the spot. Deceased was identified as Sunil and hailed from Karnal in Haryana. He was working in the PU canteen for the last one-month.\"The victim was working in the canteen since early morning and went to his room for rest at around 6.30am. His body was found by his colleague in Room No. 19 in Block 5 of boys' hostel number 2,\" said a police official. A case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16404398", "title": "Need to change outlook towards disability, say experts", "text": "NAGPUR: A rich family from India took their child, who had some neurological problems that were resulting into certain disabilities, to London to get him operated. However, after the surgery the child refused to return because of the overwhelming acceptance among all sections of society there, which was lacking in India.It may sound unfair to those who are working really hard back home to bring disabled people into the mainstream or fighting for their rights, but the truth remains that Indian society is still very non-receptive to these specially-abled persons as it cannot still integrate with them. We not only lack the right system which is disability friendly but also the teamwork needed among experts, society and government institutions to make disabled persons more inclusive in society and prevent disability at large.This doesn't mean that nothing positive is happening. The medical community, parents and the government machinery are doing their bit to sensitize society at large to be more accommodative and forthcoming towards children with disabilities. The Indian Academy of Paediatrics (IAP) and the National Childhood Disability Group ( NCDG) of IAP are some of the shining examples of efforts being taken in this direction. IAP is bringing experts from various fields like autism , learning disability, cerebral palsy etc together with rehabilitation professionals, activists, NGOs in managing and preventing disability in a holistic manner.\"To set an ideal example, I expect the government to declare Nagpur as a disability friendly city,\" said Dr Uday Bodhankar, patron of the three-day national conference on childhood disability being hosted by IAP, Nagpur chapter. Bodhankar, who is also the secretary general of the Commonwealth Association of Health and Disability, UK, called for setting up multidisciplinary centres for early diagnosis, intervention and remedial measures.Dr Sunanda Reddy Kohli, a developmental paediatrician from New Delhi working in community based programmes for disabled and a part of the Carenidhi organization, said the government has introduced many good policies but people are not aware. \"Once these schemes are implemented at ground level the results will begin to show,\" she said. She believes till different ministries concerned work in isolation, the scene wouldn't improve.Dr Anaita Hegde, associated with Jaslok Hospital in Mumbai, is also working at community front calls for widening of the 'sphere of realization' among all sections of society, including the bureaucrats. \"We need to catch schoolchildren at the right age when they are more receptive to create awareness about disability. Teachers can also be the best advocates in this cause, of making the system more inclusive and disabled children acceptable in society,\" she said.Dr Sameer Dalwai from Mumbai, who is of the same opinion, too advocates on improving the affordability of services, awareness and change in people's perception of disability at large said, \"We are developing some guidelines for parents so that they can detect disability at the earliest,\" he said.\"We need to speak about our local heroes working in the field. Countries like UK have about 3500 early start centres. In India, we have very few. But at least those working in field can be examples for others,\" said Dr A Bhattacharya from Apollo Hospital, Kolkata.Dr Catherine McClain and Dr Patricia Osbourn from USA stressed identifying and utilizing strengths among disabled children for their development. \"They need to be made independent rather than dependent,\" said Catherine", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16404879", "title": "Woman murdered in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An elderly woman was found murdered and her husband seriously injured in their house in Bhubaneswar's posh Acharya Vihar locality early on Friday.Police are yet to establish the cause and timing of the murder of Jyotsnadebi Panigrahy (75) and attempt to murder of her husband, Kunjabihari Panigrahi (81). The shocking incident came to light when the couple's 65-year-old maid, Bhanu Sethi, found them lying unconscious around 5 am.\"As usual, I reached the house at 5 am and found the gate leading to the couple's house open, which was unusual. But the main gate is usually kept open around 4.30 am because students go out for jogging. As soon as I entered the couple's room, I found her unconscious on floor and her husband in pool of blood. I raised an alarm,\" said the maid, who has been working with the Panigrahis for the past 15 years. \"I come to the house only once in the morning to sweep the floors. While the couple cooked on their own, at times their daughter, who stays in the city, brought food for them,\" she added.Based on prima facie investigation, police said the killer or killers strangulated Jyotsnadebi with a cable wire and smashed a hard object on Kunjabiharu's face and chest, leaving him profusely bleeding. \"There was only strangulation mark around the elderly woman's neck. But her husband was brutally assaulted and had injury marks on his face, head and chest,\" DCP Nitinjeet Singh said. \"His condition is critical. We will soon establish the cause and timing of the murder,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16402986", "title": "Amanishah case: JDA starts work on war footing", "text": "JAIPUR: The sharp reaction that Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) received from various sectors of the society for not having kept its date with the building implosion at the Amanishah Nullah seems to have worked.The JDA officials on Friday began their work on war footing and completed the work to isolate G+8 apartments (block E) of a building from its adjoining structure. To expedite the process of demolition, the authorities deployed extra equipment at the site. For the first time four special rock breaking machines were called from other districts. Similarly, extra drilling machines were also provided to the team. \"Around 27 beams and surface of the building were isolated by the team. We have also started work on demolishing block B and started work to demolish its roof.\"According to JDA officials, the developer of the 23,176 square feet area had constructed 193 residential flats. \"Around 63 flats will be affected as the area is falling under the catchment area. There are nine blocks in the housing building out of which three blocks will be razed.\"According to the officials, it is expected the encroached building will be bulldozed on Monday morning. A senior JDA official said, \"The work to isolate the building has been completed and the building will be probably pulled down on Monday, once the blast expert returns from Indore.\" On Thursday, experts had said that it will take 2-3 days to cut the nine floors of the building and separate it with the common beam. But, the JDA has completed the work in one day.Officials said the blast expert S B Sarwate will return from Indore on Saturday evening. \"Once the expert returns we will start the drilling work on pillars and after completing it electronic detonators will be fixed.\"To ascertain the smooth vertical fall of the building without affecting any other structure, the team is working on angle fall process. \"The two buildings have been disconnected, so that adjoining structure does not resist the other portion from free falling. Now we are hoping the building comes down and that too vertically,\" added an official.EommJaipur: Stung with the sharp reactions from various sectors of societies for not having kept its date with building implosion at the Amanishah Nallah, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) on Friday got its acts together and went with an overdrive.The JDA officials, starts work on war footing and completed the work to isolate G+ 8 apartments (block E) of the building from its adjoining structure on Friday.To expedite the process of demolition, the authorities deployed extra equipments at the site. For the first time four special rock breaker machines were called from the other districts. Similarly, extra drilling machines also provided to the team. \"Around 27 beams and surface of the building were made isolated by the team . We have also started work to demolish (block - B) and started work to cut its roof.\"According to the officials, it is expected the encroached building will be bulldozed on Monday morning. A senior JDA official said, \"The work to isolate the building has been completed and building will be probably pulled down on Monday, once the blast expert returns from Indore.\" On Thursday, experts said that it will take 2-3 days to cut the nine floors of the building and separate it with the common beam. But, the JDA has completed the work in one day.Official informed the blast expert SB Sarwate will return from Indore on Saturday evening. \"Once the expert will return, On Sunday we will start the drilling work in pillars and after completing it electronic detonators will be fixed.\"To ascertain the smooth vertical fall of the building without affecting any other structure the team is working on angle fall process. \"The two buildings have been disconnected, so that adjoining structure does not resist the other portion from free falling. Now we are hoping the buildings comes down and that too vertically\" added expertAccording to JDA officials, the developer of the 23,176 square feet area has constructed 193 residential flats. \"Around 63 flats will be affected as the area is falling under the catchment area. There are nine blocks in the housing building out of which three blocks will be razed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16404865", "title": "Security tightened, shops in palace to be evicted", "text": "MYSORE: In order to tighten security at Amba Vilas Palace, the district administration has planned a ban on commercial activities in Mysore Palace premises. So shops inside the premises that have been functioning for decades will be shifted out.The district administration was alerted about security measures following a report from National Security Guards (NSG). NSG officials had visited the palace nine months ago and directed eviction of shops that have been functioning inside palace premises for the past 20 years.Deputy commissioner P S Vastrad and City police commissioner K L Sudheer visited the palace on Wednesday for inspection. Later the district administration has issued notices to the proprietors of Cauvery Emporium and Priyadarshini Handlooms who have their stalls in the main building. They have been directed to vacate the premises in a couple of days.Palace Board deputy director T S Subramanya, speaking to TOI, said, \"We are treating the NSG reports seriously as it addresses the security of the palace. All commercial activities in the palace will be stopped. Existing shops will be shifted to the archaeological office building.\"The main reason for evicting the stalls is because as per the palace security rules nobody is allowed to bring sealed boxes inside the premises. The stall owners were flouting the rules, which the NSG report highlighted.Subramanya said that the orders for shop eviction had been issued a year ago, but the proprietors had been ignoring it. But this time the police commissioner and district administration had issued stringent orders for their eviction and warned of severe action.He revealed that Cauvery Emporium paid a monthly rent of Rs 30,000 and has been functioning there for the past 17 years and added that Priyadarshini Handlooms had not paid any rent yet.Palace Board is also contemplating replacing the Priyadarshini Handlooms stall with Karnataka Silk Industries Corporation (KSIC). The demand for Mysore silk saris is high, especially from foreign tourists, and hence the move for a KSIC showroom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16404381", "title": "Trade associations flay FDI in retail", "text": "NAGPUR: Local trade associations have flayed the government move to allow 51% FDI in multi-brand retail. The Nag Vidarbha Chamber of Commerce ( NVCC ) has claimed that the move will hamper the small scale businessmen severely. Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT), a nationwide body of small and medium businessman, has said that this is an indirect way of bailing out the fund-starved domestic retail sector. The Indian companies will soon sell their stakes to multinational companies to get the much-needed funds.According to NVVC's president Dipen Agrawal having FDI in multi-brand amounts to fulfilling the multinational companies' objectives at the cost of the small and medium businessman.CAIT which has been opposing the move since beginning also calls allowing FDI in retail to be a major departure from the government's socialist policy.CAIT's president BC Bhartia, who has flayed the move, said that even as it will help in bailing out the Indian retail companies, the move will also be disastrous for the farmers in the long run and many small businesses may have to be shut down.He said that the trade associations are planning to give a nationwide bandh call next week. A meeting is being held in Brindavan, UP to decide the further strategy in this direction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "16405630", "title": "\u2018Aam Admi\u2019 hit hard by diesel, LPG price hike", "text": "PURNIA: The Congress-led UPA government, already groaning under a slew of scams, has only ruffled the 'aam admi' and incurred their displeasure due to unprecedented hike in the prices of diesel particularly the quota on LPG cylinders.\"Such a steep hike in the prices of diesel at one stroke will not only have cascading impact on the prices of essential goods but also aggravate the inflationary trends making common people's life all the more burdensome,\" said university professor Vidya Devi in Kishanganj.\"Instead of addressing the phenomenal scams, which have severely dented the image of the government and which could provide huge relief to the tax-payers if tackled properly, the government has taken recourse to a sledgehammer method in hiking fuel prices which will drill more holes in common men's wallets,\" said Abhishek Sharat of Purnia.Decision to impose a quota on LPG cylinders will make housewives all the more miserable,\" feels septuagenarian Savitri Devi in Purnia. \"The diesel price hike can only result in price spiral of all kinds of things and the upcoming festive season will surely be marred,\" tells Subroto Rai of Katihar.\"The Congress-led UPA government has further sharpened opposition's scalpel,\" said Chainsukh Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16405670", "title": "Centre clears 750-cr ship repairing facility", "text": "KOCHI: The Centre has accorded sanction to the proposal of the Cochin Shipyard Ltd to set up a ship repairing facility at Cochin Port Trust as part of the shipyard's expansion plans, Union minister for shipping G K Vasan said here on Friday.Speaking at the session on ports, ship building and logistics at the Emerging Kerala meet, Vasan said the proposal of the shipyard had been approved by the Centre on Thursday. About Rs 750 crore is expected to be invested by the Centre.The state government will set up a coastal shipping fund to finance construction of ships, said minister for ports, fisheries and excise K Babu. The government has decided to provide incentives to operators engaged in coastal shipping on per tonne km of cargo basis. The shippers will also get discounts in port charges. \"Financial assistance in the form of soft loans of 2% interest for seven years up to an amount of 40% of the total construction cost of the vessel is being considered. Up to 80% of the construction cost will be offered on 10% interest and for this we are establishing a Coastal Shipping Fund,\" Babu said.The most important among the projects is diverting the cargo movement in the state to coastal shipping, integrated with inland waterways using coastal and river vessels. In Kerala, over-sized cargo, dangerous cargo and inflammables are transported through densely populated areas. \"To reduce the risk in cargo transport, to decongest the roads and to prevent environmental degradation, the government proposes to divert at least 20% of the cargo through coastal shipping by 2015 and 40% by 2020,\" he said.\"The coastal traffic potential through the non-major ports of the state is estimated to be 4.64 million during 2012-14 and 7 million by 2019-20. The target is proposed to be achieved by a three-pronged strategy of modern infrastructure, incentives and institution building,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16404560", "title": "Economy can only benefit from FDI", "text": "Those who are opposing FDI in retail on the grounds that lakhs of small traders will lose out are making big mistake. They are forgetting that the loss for these traders will be more than compensated by the gains to hundreds of millions of consumers and farmers who will benefit from cutting out these middlemen. The big retailers that will result from letting FDI in should hugely improve efficiencies in the retail trade and the economy can only benefit from that. Political parties may have reason to focus on only one half of the picture, but the aam admi should not be misled by this. The gainers should vastly outnumber the losers.Related story:  Government clears 51% FDI in retail, 49% in aviation", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16402796", "title": "'Divorce in haste makes marriage waste'", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka High Court on Friday adjourned the hearing of a PIL challenging the provisions of Section 10A of the Indian Divorce Act 1869 which stipulates a minimum of two years' separation for a couple belonging to the Christian community seeking divorce by mutual consent.The division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen asked the petitioner to implead the Church of South India and diocese to know their views on the issue. Counsel for the petitioner told the court that unlike Hindu/ Special and Parsi Marriage Act, which have a one-year separation rule, there is a two-year stipulation under the Indian Divorce Act concerning Christians and the same is discriminatory. The court was also told of a judgment of the Kerala High Court deciding against the stipulation.Justice B V Nagarathna wanted to know how many cases have been reconciled after mediation. \"Once it was jhatpat shaadi, now it is jhatpat divorce,\" she observed.\"Divorce in haste makes a marriage waste,\" the Chief Justice quipped before adjourning the hearing.The petition is filed by Shivakumar, an advocate and trainer at Bangalore Mediation Centre.Plea against filmJustice Anand Byrareddy on Friday ordered notice to the central government, Central Board for Film Certification and BBMP on a petition which claimed the Kannada film 'Manjunatha BA LLB' glorifies drinking.\"The promo of the film shown on TV shows the advocate community in poor light,\" MK Vijayakumar, a city advocate, claimed in his petition. \"Nobody needs encouragement to drink. You are only creating an advertisement for the film,\" the judge observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16408004", "title": "Ahmedabad Film Project 2012 is back", "text": "48 hours, a camera, a story to tell and most importantly a strong passion to make a film. If this is what excites you then you need to be a part of Ahmedabad Film Project 2012. With digital technology ruling our lives, film-making has also become more democratic.In a move to encourage filmmaking as a craft, Ahmedabad Film Project is a platform by Freeway Film Company for amateurs to make a film over the weekend, away from your killing work schedule and showcase it to people around and get awarded. And all that you have is 48 hours. With a handful of hours with them to make their passion a reality, all they have to do is write the script, select the locations, get their casting done, compose soul-stirring music and make the best possible film adhering to the competition theme. The Ahmedabad Film Project is not only for filmmakers but open for anyone who wishes to make a film from all ages, all occupations, across the country.Talking about it, Ritam Bhatnagar, director of the film project says, \"By the sheer size of participation, we are India's largest filmmaking competition. Our target group last year was youngsters but this year we are opening up to people of all ages and we feel encouraged to have a good participation from 30+ people as well. We want more and more people to experience the sheer joy of filmmaking.\"The opening ceremony will be inaugurated by Shoojit Sircar who directed the much-talked about Vicky Donor on 28th September, 2012. Other well-known personalities who will be present as part of this unique project are Rajesh Mapuskar, Director, Ferrari ki Sawaari a nd Vikramaditya Motwane, the young director famous for his much-acclaimed film Udaan and Komal Nahta , film critic and trade analyst.The Ahmedabad Film Project will be open from Sept 28-October 7. The film project would also include a 5-day long film festival showcasing Independent Cinema/Indian Cinema/Popular films/Films for causes open for all, open workshops on filmmaking by nationally renowned filmmakers, panel discussion on \"Non-conventional ways of Marketing\". It will also include an exhibition of cinema photographs by Fawzan Husain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16404768", "title": "IT firm director held for duping employees", "text": "PUNE: The director of an IT company was arrested on Friday for allegedly duping around 1,500 software developers by giving them jobs but not paying their salaries for four months.Rohan Ashok Nikam (25), a resident of Dhayari, has been charged under section 420 (cheating) of the Indian Penal Code. A complaint in this regard was lodged by Shashank Shrigar (24) of Wanowrie at the Shivajinagar police station.Speaking to TOI, employee Naresh Patange said that the company had six branches in the city as well as offices in Solapur and Hyderabad. \"Nikam recruited around 1,900 software developers through placement agencies and advertisements,\" Patange said.Nikam had taken Rs 10,000 to Rs 15,000 from the new recruits as a security deposit and also to give them training, said Patange. \"However, none of us have had proper training from the company. When we asked him about work, he always said that new projects would be coming in soon and we would start working,\" Patange said.He said that since June the company had not had a single project. \"On August 23 the employees gathered outside the company's branch on Fergusson college road. At that time, Nikam returned some of the money and promised to return the rest on September 14,\" Patange said.When Nikam did not turned up on Friday, the employees went to the police station and lodged the complaint. On Friday, around 500 affected employees of the firm gathered outside the Shivajinagar police station.PoliceInspector Seema Mehendale of the Shivajinagar police stationtold TOI that all the youths employed in the company said that they had not been paid since June. \"Nikam had told them the company would give them salariesand make them work on different assignments. But, nothing has happened yet,\" Mehendale said. She said that the police had registered only one complaint in which Shrigar claimed that he was duped by the company to the tune of Rs 21,000. \"We are investigating further,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16405491", "title": "JD(U) to come up with white paper", "text": "VADODARA: Janata Dal-United (JDU) that has decided to contest the ensuing assembly polls with all its might will come up with a white paper on the issues in the state. The party has already identified the possible areas that the white paper can look into.JDU national general secretary Chandra Raj Singhvi, who was in the city as a part of his state tour to take stock of the political condition and issues, said the white paper will be brought out on October 15. Singhvi added that a team was already working on the document.Singhvi pointed out that the major issues that had come to his notice during his travel in the state so far were those pertaining to health facilities in the rural areas and primary education. He said besides these there were several issues that the tribals were facing.On being asked about senior party leader Nitish Kumar joining the party campaign in the state, Singhvi said all senior party leaders would come. \"It is our duty to call them and it is their duty to come for the campaign,\" he said.Singhvi made it a point to clarify that the party was not a new entrant in the state politics. \"We have contested the last assembly polls on our own. There were no controversies last time and whatever is being said this time around is also far from the truth. We are not working for or against anybody. JDU will contest for itself. This is our election,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16403088", "title": "Traffic curbs in Shastri Bhavan area", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Traffic Police will bring about certain traffic diversions in the busy Shastri Bhavan area from Monday. The aim, said JCP (traffic) Satyendra Garg, is to facilitate smooth traffic management in the vicinity of Krishi Bhavan and Shastri Bhavan on Dr Rajendra Prasad Road.From Monday, no vehicular traffic will be allowed to enter Dr Rajendra Prasad Road from the Krishi Bhavan round about. Motorists intending to go towards Krishi Bhavan, Shastri Bhavan and Dr Rajendra Prasad Road will have to take Raisina Road, turn on the link road near the Press Club of India and then proceed to their destination. Vehicles will exit from Dr Rajendra Prasad Road towards Krishi Bhawan in a one way pattern.\"Advisory traffic signages at appropriate locations will be placed for the guidance of the motorists and adequate traffic staff will be deployed to ensure smooth and uninterrupted flow of traffic. Motorists should follow the new traffic pattern and follow instructions of the traffic police,'' said Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai ", "code": "16407712", "title": "Cap on age-limit for back-ward class candidates legal : HC", "text": "Mumbai : Bombay High Court has the upheld decision of Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Corporation Limited to cap the age limit for appointment for backward class candidates .A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Rajesh Ketkar were hearing a petition filed by Sharad Bhise from Sangli district. MSEDCL in June 2012 issued an advertisement for appointment of electrical assistants. The minimum age limit was 18 years and maximum 27 years for general category and SC/ST candidates were given a relaxation of 5 years to enable candidates from 23 yearts upto age of 32 years to apply. His petition said the August 17, 2004 GR further prescribed an upper limit of 38 years. Bhise, who belongs to SC and has an ITI diploma, contended that he could not apply for the post as he is 39 years. He urged that the age limit be in tune with the August 2004 GR.Bhise's petition said as per a government resolution dated August 17, 2004 the maximum age for appointment in Stage government services is 38 years for SC candidates. He said MSEDCL putting a cap on 32 years was against the GR and policy of the State government. His urged directed to government to change the advertisement and allow him to apply for the post.MSEDCL filed an affidavit stating that as per rules that GR does not apply directly to it unless it specifically accepted. It added that since it has not accepted the GR therefore it is not applicable to it . It also stated that MSEDCL is not obliged to increase the age limit of 38 years for SC/ST candidates.The judges said the stand taken by MSEDCL is right as the GR is recommendatory only and is not binding on MSEDCL unless they accept it. The judges said the appointment procedure will be bound only by the policy of MSEDCL which has been decided by the apex board of directors taking into accounts all factors including the GR. They concluded that the policy decision is not against the law.The judges said the last date for filing application was June 30, 2012 and Bhise was born on June 22, 1972 , he would be 40 years as on that date. Thus even if the petitioner's case is accepted, he still he is age-barred,'' they concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16403042", "title": "State to seek CRPF help against rebel outfit", "text": "RANCHI: The growing strength of the People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI), a banned rebel outfit, has become a major menace even more than the CPI (Maoist) for security forces in some parts of Jharkhand. Keeping in mind the threat to life and property, state police are now working on the modalities to start using Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) in operations against the PLFI as it has been doing in case of the Maoists.The use of CRPF has become necessary because the outfit has become powerful and started targeting people in the state capital and towns in neighbouring districts. This never happened even when the Maoists activities were at peak between 2004 and 2009.The strength of the outfit can also be assessed from the recent killing of industrialist Sushil Kerijwal in heart of the state capital last week. The PLFI cadres pasted poster on the walls of Ratu police station threatening corrupt policemen and contractors.Police officials have even started admitting in their internal meetings that in districts like Ranchi, Khunti and Simdega the PLFI has become stronger than the Maoists. More than 200 people have lost their lives, including around 150 in Khunti district, in the past one year because of clash between the Maoists and the PLFI.Police sources said the state government was now talking with the Centre to get permission for utilization of the CRPF in operations against the PLFI as it has been doing in case of anti-Maoist operations. \"When Operation Green Hunt was launched jointly by the Centre and the state in November 2009 against the Maoists, no one ever thought that one day the PLFI will also become a threat. Now we have realized that no rebel outfit should have been left out of the operation. We feel that if all the outfits were targeted simultaneously, the situation would not have become so worse and innocent people would not have been killed by the PLFI members. We have requested director general of police (DGP) to take up the matter with the CRPF and, if required, with state and Union home ministry to get the sanction for using central forces in operations against PLFI,\" said a source.DGP GS Rath said he would take up the matter with the CFPR top-brass. \"I am sure that the CRPF officials will issue guidelines to their men in Jharkhand to help local police during operations against PLFI,\" said Rath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16404004", "title": "Review meetings hindering administration work", "text": "YAVATMAL: Yavatmal, which is often hit by natural calamities like drought, flood and also holds the dubious distinction of suicide capital of Maharashtra, has been lately on the radar of top political leaders. From prime minister to chief minister (CM), from deputy CM to other state ministers, most leaders are visiting the tribal district quite frequently to conduct review meetings and issue directives to the officials.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has visited the district half a dozen times in a span of one year. Deputy CM Ajit Pawar seems to be following on his footsteps by making rounds of the district. However, since the district continues to be deprived of development, people have started questioning the motive behind these visits and review meetings.The good attendance at Ajit Pawar's janata darbar held recently makes it quite clear that the district is facing many issues. The villagers of Akola Bazar, Kopri, Koli and over 230 others are still awaiting government's aid. Whenever these villagers try to approach the officials they are unavailable due to review meetings, either at collector's level or commissioner's level. Collector Ashvin Mudgal has visited Mumbai at least a dozen times in the last couple of months to attend special meetings. He also attends the review meetings at the divisional commissioner office. Fed up with this, these top officers have now started speaking in public.Whenever a top leader convenes a meeting, these officials spend sleepless nights preparing the summary. Since these meetings are called at a short notice, the summary of one meeting often overlaps another.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16405271", "title": "All-time gold high slows down buyers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The day seems to have brought all the bad news when it comes to prices. Besides diesel, gold prices too touched an all-time high of Rs 32,900 per 10 grams on Friday, with the yellow metal witnessing an upward trend internationally. The rate of gold in the city was stable till August 20 at Rs 29,300 but has been increasing since then.Consistent increase in price of gold has severely impacted the demand for coins and bars, with most jewellery retailers claiming a decline in investor appetite. The increase in price is also causing a lot of consumers to their precious metal. The trend is more visible in the unbranded sector, with retailers claiming a near 10% increase in customers opting to sell or exchange old jewellery.\"When a customer visits us, we first ask him if he has come to buy or sell it \u2014 these days people rarely buy - everybody seems to be interested in only selling it,\" said Harbinder Kumar Handa, a jeweller from Sector 15.\"There is a fall of nearly 22% in the demand for gold bars and coins due to the rise in prices,\" reports Vikas Kumar, a Sector-17 based jeweller.H S Kapoor, owner of a jewellery shop in Sector 37, feels this is the best time for short-term gains. \"Usually, gold prices stay around 28k-30k and a drastic price decline is highly unlikely. So even if you are losing Rs 500-1,000 per 10 gm, it would hardly matter because you will eventually be the owner of that 10gms of gold,\" Kapoor said.\"With the increasing rates of gold, a day might come when we are just left with stories of gold for our grandkids. Nobody will be able to afford it by then,\" said Sumita Banta, a resident of Sector 11.As for those planning for wedding, the hike has taken a huge toll on their plans. \"I had kept a certain amount of money for my daughter's wedding jewellery, but because the rate of gold has increased I now feel I will hardly be able to buy anything for her,\" said Kanchan Chauhan, a resident of Sector 10.\"We had planned on gifting gold coins to our close friends and family on our 25th marriage anniversary, but changed our minds looking at the high rates of gold. I guess now we'll have to settled for silver coins instead\" said Rajesh Dhir, a resident of Sector 15.\"I was planning to buy all of my wedding jewellery from one place thinking that I might get a good discount but unfortunately I didn't get any as the jewellers complain that they hardly earn from selling gold these days,\" said Meenakshi Sharma, a resident of Pinjore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16404483", "title": "Proposal to start a website for investors meet", "text": "KOCHI: Providing a cheaper and permanent alternative for Emerging Kerala, a Kochi-based virtual business promoter has submitted a proposal to start a website for investors and entrepreneurs to meet each other. While Emerging Kerala focuses on large scale investment, www.investorsmeet.com, the online platform, plans to attract investors and entrepreneurs for projects ranging from Rs 5 lakh to Rs 500 crore.While the big bash of Emerging Kerala is only a three-day event, the investors and entrepreneurs can use the online platform any time.\"On the home page, there would be two zones, each for investors and entrepreneurs. A prospective investor would have to fill in the application provided on the site. Likewise, an entrepreneur should complete the application available in 'investors' zone' providing the details of the project he or she is putting forward. Investors should also file an affidavit that they are not putting in black money,'' said Eshaque Easwaramangalm, chairman, investorsmeet.com. The site which is under construction will start functioning within seven weeks, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16414410", "title": "Bandla Ganesh to produce Ram Charan\u2019s next", "text": "Producer Bandla Ganesh who hit the bull's eye with Pawan Kalyan's last release, Gabbar Singh is going to be producing Ram Charan's next venture. Trivikram Srinivas is going to be directing the movie which will take off early next year.Trivikram Srinivas has written the script for the movie which was okayed by Charan a couple of months ago. The duo had been thinking of working together for a long time now and it seems to have finally materialized. The actor director duo had collaborated for an advertisement shoot a couple of years ago and this is the first time they will be collaborating.The film will hit the floors in early 2013. Ram Charan is busy juggling between three films - Zanjeer, Yevadu and Nayak being directed by Apurva Lakhia, Vamsi Paidipally and VV Vinayak respectively. Meanwhile Trivikram will start shooting for his untitled project with Pawan Kalyan soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16413919", "title": "Rajamouli lauds Life is Beautiful", "text": "Director Rajamouli always has nice things to say about other filmmakers and is usually the first to comment on his contemporaries films. The maverick filmmaker threw his weight behind director Sekhar Kammula's latest offering Life is Beautiful which has opened to mixed reviews from the critics. Admittedly Rajamouli loved LIB and minced no words is expressing his admiration for Sekhar Kammula.\"Sekhar kammula has a knack of telling simple stories of simple people in the simplest way. But he transfers us into the world he created and makes us a part in it, which is definitely not so simple. Thank you sekhar garu for LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL. If you watched happy days with your friends watch LIB once with your friends and once again with your family,\" he wrote on his twitter page.Now that is a huge word of praise coming from the hit machine himself. His brother, music director MM Keravani also joined in tweeting, \"Life is beautiful - IS BEAUTIFUL !! Amma gurinchi English lo maatalu raavadam ledhu- is the best moment in the movie\" Now that's a big endorsement coming from Rajamouli and Keeravani. We'll have to wait and see what the audience has to say about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16402447", "title": "Pilgrims stranded at Dharmasthala", "text": "BANGALORE: The indefinite strike continued to hit bus services across the state even though private buses were pressed into service. In Mysore, private buses and maxi-cabs operated from the government bus stand on Friday.There were reports of thin attendance in schools and colleges. There were only 20 students at the Government Girls' PU College on Chamaraja Double Road in Mysore on Friday. \"Of the 247, only 20 turned up for classes,\" said college principal T S Srikant Sharma. But for five students, all others take buses to reach the college. Majority come from distant places like Ramabainagar, Udayagiri and from neighbouring villages.The students, who took a private goods vehicle to reach their school, were severely injured after the vehicle toppled at Vaddaragudi in HD Kote taluk.Hundreds of pilgrims were stranded at Dharmasthala and Kukke Subrahmanya due of the strike. Dharmadhikari of Dharmasthala D Veerendra Heggade and Belthangady MLA Vasanth Bangera appealed to KSRTC employees to take the pilgrims back, but the staff said they were helpless as they could not assure the safety of passengers.Bus service from Hubli to Dharwad, Gadag, Haveri and Belgaum was normal. However, people going to Bangalore, Davanagere, Tumkur, Sirsi, Karwar and other long routes had to wait long hours for buses in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16404317", "title": "Diesel car buyers feel cheated", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though diesel remains substantially cheaper than petrol in spite of yesterday's increase in price, people who have purchased diesel-run vehicles are upset. \"This rise should not have taken place. Rs 5 per litre is a big hike. Petrol is already costly, now diesel too. If diesel prices go as high as petrol then what is the point of paying more for diesel cars,\" asked Anurag Khade, who recently bought diesel version of Swift.Vivek Deshmukh, who too bought a diesel Swift Dzire , said this hike was going to cause a lot of problems. Five rupees is a lot for a hike. Now price of everything is going to rise. People who had bought diesel cars because of its low prices will now suffer. Government should roll back the hike, he demanded.According to Mohit Jain, who bought a Mahindra Xylo , people go for diesel cars mostly for low fuel cost. \"Now that reason is gone. The cost of fuel is now difficult to afford. The common man will have to suffer. I have booked another diesel car, this hike is making me have second thoughts,\" said Jain.Ramesh Nair, who owns a diesel Chevrolet Beat, said it would have a long term effect on diesel car market. \"Not only is the price of diesel increased, there are also reports of tax on these cars in near future. I have only recently bought a diesel car after selling my petrol one, if I knew this was coming I wouldn't have sold my petrol car,\" he added.For people buying high end cars, the price rise may not really matter. \"But for small car buyers this will definitely cause a dent in the pocket. Also, reduction in diesel subsidy will have a grave effect on prices in general because it will push up transport costs,\" was reaction of Sanjay Meshram, who recently bought a Hyundai Fortuner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16404604", "title": "Actor \u2018Power Star\u2019 Srinivasan held for fraud", "text": "CHENNAI: Actor 'Power Star' Srinivasan was on Friday arrested on charges of cheating a businessman of Rs 65 lakh.He was arrested on a complaint from G U Balasubramanian, proprietor of RBS International in Chrompet, to city police Commissioner J K Tripathy that the actor had taken the money after promising to get him a 10 crore loan. Balasubramanian said he never got the loan.Police said Balasubramanian had approached the actor's finance company, Baba Trading, on Poonamalle High Road to arrange the cash to help him expand his business six months ago. The actor told the businessman that he would charge 5% as service charge for getting the loan. Subsequently he took the money claiming that the amount is towards documentation charges and commission.\"He failed to obtain the loan and kept dodging the businessman. He promised to return the sum when the complainant warned him of approaching us,\" said an investigating officer. Bala Surbamanian in his complaint alleged that he was threatened at gunpoint when he approached Srinivasan at his Anna Nagar residence.Police have registered a case under IPC Section 406 (punishment for criminal breach of trust), 420 (cheating) and 506 (ii) (criminal intimidation) 27 Arms Act. He was remanded in judicial custody and lodged in Puzhal prison. Police said several others had earlier gone to them with complaints against Srinivasan, but they all arrived at a compromise. On May 4, a Saidapet resident called Ganesan lodged a complaint that Srinivasan had taken 10 lakh promising a loan.Srinivasan is a physician who directed and acted in the movie Lathika (2011). He later made guest appearances in movies like 'Mandapam,' 'Unakkaga Oru Kavithai,' 'Neethana Avan' and 'Indrasena.' He is working on the film 'Kanna Laddu Thinna Asaiya' with Santhanam in the lead role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16404602", "title": "Food prices slated to soar", "text": "CUTTACK: The steep hike in diesel price is bound to affect freight rates, which will have a cascading effect on prices of vegetables, fruits and other essential commodities, traders warned. According to sources in Malgodown, the state's largest wholesale essential commodities market, prices of essential commodities are slated to soar by 10% to 20%.\"As the freight charges will go up, subsequently the cost of essential commodities like rice, pulses, edible oil and sugar will also shoot up by 10-20%. And we will be forced to pass on the burden to the common man,\" said Lakshmidhar Sahoo, president of Cuttack Chamber of Commerce.On an average over 100 trucks and tempos laden with wheat, rice and other food grains enter Malgodown market every day. \"Odisha is a deficit state and we depend on other states for essential commodities like edible oil, sugar, pulses and vegetables. So the hike in diesel price will obviously burn a hole in the pocket of the common man here,\" Sahoo said. \"Odisha imports sugar from states such as Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka. Pulses are procured from Maharastra and potato is imported from West Bengal. Hence the hike in freight rates will worsen the situation for the people of Odisha,\" he said.\"With the hike in diesel price, we will now have to pay Re 1 extra per kilometre towards freight charges. So subsequently the prices of each sack of rice will rise by 10%. Our economics will change and we have no option but to push it on to the common man,\" said Madhusudan Rout, president of Odisha Rice Merchants' Association.According to traders, the common man will feel the price pinch from next week. \"The transporters will raise their prices in a day or two and subsequently we will also have to hike the price,\" said Sukanta Beura, a wholesale trader of edible oil.A meeting of representatives of various associations will be convened soon to decide on the new wholesale rates in the wake of the fuel hike, traders said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403758", "title": "Teen feared drowned off Bandstand", "text": "MUMBAI: A teenager was feared to have drowned in the sea off Bandra Bandstand on Friday evening. The police, with the help of the fire brigade, are still searching for the boy.Firoz Shaikh (19), along with three of his college friends, came to Bandstand from Dharavi. Around 4pm, when it was low tide, they entered the sea. While his friends stayed in knee-deep water, Shaikh, who claimed to know how to swim, went further in, the police said. Spotting Shaikh struggling against the tide, the friends screamed for help. Beat marshals, with fishermen, searched for Shaikh, but in vain. The Bandra police called fire brigade but even then, the boy could not be located.According to the police, their men usually kept a watch on Bandstand but on Friday, most policemen were busy at the Mount Mary fair. The BMC has made no special preparations to secure the waterfront during the Bandra fair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16402982", "title": "Why does RPF tie offenders\u2019 hands: Activist", "text": "MUMBAI: An activist has lodged a complaint at the CST magistrate court demanding an explanation from the RPF for bringing offenders to court, tying their hands with a rope.In his complaint, activist Sameer Zaveri said on September 6, he saw several being brought to court in such a manner. \"The practice is demeaning and inhuman. The RPF's manpower is limited and the accused have to be brought to court on locals. A mechanism should be in place so that those caught for petty offences can be fined and not dragged to court,\" Zaveri said.RPF officials said they were using minimum restraint on offenders just to ensure that they did not escape. \"We do not handcuff them. Never has any accused complained in court about being treated inhumanly,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16404237", "title": "Ex-Sanguem MLA Gaonkar dies at 46", "text": "MARGAO: Prabhakar Gaonkar, former MLA from Sanguem, passed away after a brief illness, on Friday afternoon. He was 46.Gaonkar is survived by his wife, a son and a daughter. His funeral rites were conducted later in the day.Gaonkar contested his first assembly elections in 1999, on a BJP ticket from Sanguem, defeating Satyawan Dessai of the Congress.Sanguem was until then the bastion of the Congress. The constituency has remained with the BJP ever since.He was the chairman of the IDC during his tenure as the MLA in the BJP-led government. He was instrumental in setting up the botanical garden at Selaulim which has now turned into a tourist attraction.Gaonkar was undergoing treatment at the Kamaxi Ayurveda College and hospital, Shiroda, during the last few days. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has expressed grief over Gaonkar's demise. In his condolence message, Parrikar said that Gaonkar raised several issues including that of sugarcane farmers, families displaced due to the Selaulim dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16402809", "title": "Refund of betterment charges stayed", "text": "BANGALORE: A division bench of the Karnataka High Court on Friday stayed a direction of the April 20 order of the single bench which held that petitioners are entitled to a refund/ adjustment from BBMP on improvement charges already paid.A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen passed this order while asking BBMP to quantify the improvement charge and also fix the period/ slab for payment in 30 days time. The BBMP filed an appeal challenging the single bench order, claiming that collection of improvement charges had been upheld by the bench and the money collected had already been spent on improvement and a refund would severely affect it.The bench had also observed that differential rates of improvement expenses fixed for different sites based on site dimension as arbitrary and unreasonable as it cannot be held that owners of smaller sites are always economically weaker and invariably utilise lesser infrastructure.The BBMP had fixed Rs150 per square metre as improvement charge for sites measuring up to 1,200 sqft; Rs 200 per square metre for sites between 1,200 sqft and 2,400 sqft; Rs 300 per square metre for sites between 2,400 sqft and 6,000 sqft and Rs 400 per square metre for sites more than 6,000 sqft.Garbage contractors' plea dismissedThe Karnataka High Court on Friday dismissed a batch of petitions filed by contractors who collect and transportat municipal solid waste in Bangalore.\"If solid waste is not effectively disposed of on a day-to-day basis, people will have to face irreparable damage with many diseases like dengue and malaria affecting them. So, disposal of solid waste is paramount. It is clear that the petitioners do not want BBMP to move further and award fresh contracts to other successful contractors,\" Justice Mohan Shantanagoudar observed, while dismissing petitions filed by AL Satish Kumar and others.The petitioners had challenged the short-term tender notification issued by BBMP on Dec. 12 and 13, 2011 for clearing of solid waster for three years and also the concessions/ reservation offered to persons and associations belonging to SC/ST category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16403364", "title": "11 Lord Ganesh mandals in Thane get civic notice for digging roads", "text": "THANE: Municipal commissioner R A Rajeev's move to penalize Ganesh mandals which dig up public roads or footpaths for erecting pandals and stages has put the fear of law in quite a few organizers whose activities were till recently going unchecked.Rajeev is understood to have issued orders to officials to impose a fine of Rs 500 for every hole dug up on the streets by the mandals concerned. Following this, the TMC staff went around inspecting roads in Thane and, in less than 24 hours, issued notices to as many as 11 such mandals for flouting rules which prohibit destruction of public property.A penalty amount of over Rs 1.30 lakh is expected to be recovered from these 11 mandals which were found to have defaced public property. Among the mandals which invited TMC action include the Narvir Tanaji Sarvajanik Ganeshotsav mandal, which is said to be associated with NCP MLA Jitendra Awhad.\"We slapped a fine of Rs 22,000 against the Narvir Tanaji mandal which puts up a grand stage at Panchpakhadi and the mandal has paid up the entire amount,'' a TMC spokesperson told TOI.It is learnt that most mandals which invited the TMC's ire are associated with political parties. With Awhad's mandal paying the fine, it is expected that others, especially those linked to the Shiv Sena-BJP, would follow suit.Rajeev has also written to the Thane traffic police to pull down any illegally-constructed pandals which obstruct free flow of traffic. The commissioner has said that at the time of securing permission for hosting the festival, the mandals have to secure permission from the traffic and police departments. If mandals have not got such permissions but have gone ahead with their plans and constructed pandals on roads obstructing public access, then they will be liable for action and could be pulled down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16404301", "title": "Pawar, Shinde cancel visit; CM's tour uncertain", "text": "NAGPUR: The much-awaited visit of Nationalist Congress Party supremo Sharad Pawar to Vidarbha has been called off and there is no official confirmation or schedule received in officials about Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde's visit on September 17 for an awards function.Pawar and Shinde were to share the dais at the Marwari Foundation function in which Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Award was to be conferred on Marathi litterateur Yeshwant Manohar. However, chief organizer of the function Girish Gandhi said the function would be held as scheduled on September 17 evening at Deshpande Hall for handing over the Rs 5 lakh cash award.While no official reason for the cancellation of Pawar's or Shinde's visit was forthcoming, there was speculation that these senior leaders skipped the function deliberately to avoid sharing dais with three persons whose names figure in coalgate. These three are pillars of Marwari Foundation and were expected to be prominently present on the stage along with Pawar and Shinde.Meanwhile, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's janata durbar planned in the city has also run into trouble. While initial plan to hold it on Sept 14 was changed and a new date is being sought, the whole thing is now under a cloud. On Friday there were rumours that Chavan was likely to be shifted and the state may have a new CM. Narayan Rane , Gurudas Kamath, Balasaheb Thorat and Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil emerged as serious contenders for the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16403334", "title": "No going back this time: Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: It sounded a rhetorical statement but underlined the government's determination not to do yet another flip-flop on reforms after it had been put up on the Union Cabinet's agenda. \"If we have to surrender again, we should all resign and go back to our voters,\" said a senior minister, reflecting a newly-summoned will to kickstart reforms.The comment came as a group of ministers sat down to discuss the stab planned at reforms in the Cabinet meeting on Friday. Given the rich history of retreats, one of the participants warned senior ministers of the risk of putting big ticket items on the agenda in case the Cabinet yet again failed to follow up on the proposals because of resistance from Trinamool or DMK.With tough decisions on FDI in multi-brand retail and aviation, the government seems determined to clear the scepticism of many who question whether it has the stomach to stick with harsh measures.On Friday, a minister had warned, \"We plan to garner brownie points but end up giving our opponents another stick to beat us with.\"In response, a senior minister asserted that there would be no going back this time. There wasn't on Friday evening.The Congress did not seem to waver even when Mamata Banerjee's envoy, railway minister Mukul Roy, conveyed her 72-hour deadline for a rollback. This was partly because of the estimate that the West Bengal chief minister would relent, especially if she is compensated with a financial package for West Bengal, and largely because of the party's new commitment to reforms.The new mood was reflected in Congress's bold welcome to the announcements on FDI. Brushing aside allies' threats and doing away with the tactic of keeping a safe distance from controversial and potentially unpopular decisions, Congress welcomed the big bang decisions.\"The government has, keeping in view the totality of the situation, taken a few decisions to return the economy to high growth trajectory. We do hope these decisions would fructify into capital formation and investments, and give the much-needed fillip to broad-basing employment,\" party spokesperson Manish Tewari said.Tewari's bullish statement confirmed that the party, despite the huge number of FDI-sceptics in its senior ranks, has decided to go with the \"perform or perish\" chant that finance minister P Chidambaram has been invoking.Commerce minister Anand Sharma dismissed Trinamool's criticism that it was not consulted, asserting that dissent could not be allowed to become a veto. \"Let's not confuse consensus with unanimity. For unanimity, we can wait till perpetuity,\" he told reporters.The mood was evident in the Cabinet meeting where, sources said, no reservations were expressed and no questions raised on the ambitious initiatives which not long ago were seen as politically unsafe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16404690", "title": "Naveen Patnaik slams plan to sell Nalco stakes", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Friday disapproved the Union government's move to sell stakes in National Aluminium Company (Nalco). \"Nalco is doing well; the Navratna company is doing profit. There is no need to disinvest it,\" Naveen said, on the eve of the Union Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) meeting on Saturday to discuss 12.15% stake sale in Nalco and divestment in four other PSUs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16404417", "title": "Small margins could have huge impact", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Every vote counts. Leaders across political parties are waking up to the hard fact as D-day nears. A look at the results of the previous assembly polls held in 2007 says it all. In all, 44 out of the total 182 seats were won by a margin of less than 5,000 votes. Candidates from both leading political parties, BJP and Congress had narrow escapes.Analysts believe that this time the challenge is bigger for BJP because of Keshubhai Patel's Gujarat Parivartan Party. While Patel was upset with chief minister Narendra Modi during the previous polls, he did not take the BJP head on. This time, he is likely to fight the BJP on all 182 seats.In 2007, supporters of Keshubhai had run a whisper campaign urging members of Patel community to oust the BJP. But, BJP performed well in Saurashtra because Patel did not come out in the open. \"BJP did not suffer last time because of Patel's reluctance. This time, he has come out in the open. Also, he enjoys support from certain sections of BJP and the Sangh Parivar. He will eat into BJP's traditional vote bank to some extent particularly in Saurashtra and north Gujarat,\" says a worried BJP leader.The signs became evident in 2009 Lok Sabha polls when the Leuva Patel community, to which Keshubhai belongs, rejected BJP's candidate in its hub Rajkot. BJP lost the seat after a span of 25 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16403950", "title": "Apex court dismisses Darda's petition", "text": "YAVATMAL: The Supreme Court's division bench comprising justice GS Singhvi and justice Sudhansu Jyoti Mukhopadhaya on Tuesday dismissed Rajya Sabha member Vijay Darda's petition for special leave in the open space case filed against him and his family members.Darda had filed the plea after the Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court passed an order following the writ petition filed by Digambar Pajgade of Yavatmal.Pajgade had alleged that Darda, his brother and state school education minister Rajendra Darda and other directors of the Jawaharlal Darda Education Trust grabbed the open space in Darda Nagar by misusing their positions and constructed a three-storey building to house their private English medium school.The petitioner further alleged that Darda channelized his Local Area Development Fund (LADF) to the tune of Rs. 34.53 lakh to the trust owned by his family to construct the school.Taking cognisance of the complaint, the judge ordered the then SP of Yavatmal Abdur Rehman to conduct an inquiry and submit a report. After conducting the investigation, Rehman confirmed to the court that the allegations against the Dardas were indeed true.The high court then sent the report to the central ministry of planning and programme implementation and ordered it to take appropriate action against the MP.The director of the planning and programme implementation department then referred the matter to the then chief secretary of Maharashtra and ordered him to recover the amount spent by Darda from his LADF. However, no action was taken due to the political clout of the mighty Dardas.Darda challenged the legality of the report filed by the SP Yavatmal and the action proposed by the director of the planning and programme implementation department in the Nagpur bench of the Bombay High Court.After hearing the petitioner and the respondent, the division bench comprising justice AL Khanvilkar and justice RM Sawant dismissed Darda's petition on April 13, 2010.To appeal against the high court order, Darda then approached the Supreme Court which dismissed his petition for special leave.Pajgade had also lodged a complaint in the court of the chief judicial magistrate seeking criminal action against the Dardas and others, including former chief minister Ashok Chavan . The court had ordered the police to file a first investigation report (FIR) against all the accused.Dardas had challenged the order of the Yavatmal court and obtained a stay on the police action, including their arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16404064", "title": "Mumbai police to book makers of anti-Islam film", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday asked the Centre to block webcast of the anti-Islam film, which triggered violent protests in the Arab world, and its trailers on the video-sharing site, YouTube . On the same day, home minister R R Patil asked the crime branch to register a case against the makers of the film .The government is worried that the movie could create law-and-order problems. A press note said the CM had a telephonic conversation with Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde in this regard.Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy confirmed that they were in the process of registering an FIR against the makers of the film. The case would be registered under various sections of the Information Technology Act, 2000, and Section 295A (deliberate and malicious acts intended to outrage religious feelings of any class by insulting its religion or religious beliefs) of the Indian Penal Code.The police said an extradition request could be made to the country concerned at a later stage. Sources said Patil called a meeting on Friday, which was attended by Roy, ATS chief Rakesh Maria, Mumbai police chief Satya Pal Singh and additional chief secretary (home) Amitabh Rajan.Patil instructed the officials to keep in touch with members of the Muslim community and ask its leaders to help maintain law and order.One more held for August 11 riotingThe crime branch on Friday arrested Akbar Raunaque Ali (27) for his alleged involvement in the August 11 rioting. Ali sustained injuries, allegedly in the police firing, and was admitted to J J Hospital. He was arrested after being discharged. He is the 60th accused to be arrested. Meanwhile, the families of some of the accused met crime branch officials and requested them to release those not involved in the rioting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16405045", "title": "Pawar hints at early poll", "text": "THANE: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Friday hinted at the possibility of a mid-term poll and asked Nationalist Congress Party leaders and workers to be prepared for elections soon.Pawar indicated the diesel price hike, which could push up prices of commodities and other essentials, could be the one issue which would spark dissent among UPA allies and prepone polls. \"Be prepared for elections any time soon. There is a growing sentiment against the UPA for its decision to hike diesel rates. There is so much uncertainty over this issue that it difficult to predict the poll schedule. All I am saying is be prepared for mid-term polls,'' he told NCP corporators and party functionaries from Thane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16404533", "title": "Sivakasi residents urge relocation of cracker unit", "text": "MADURAI: The residents of Kamarajar Colony near Vilampatti in Sivakasi have urged the Virudhunagar district administration to relocate a cracker unit in their locality.The villagers in a petition to the collector said that Vasantha Fire Works was dangerously close to the residences.\"We have been petitioning to relocate the cracker unit even before it was started five years ago. But no action has been taken,\" the villagers said in the petition alleging that the unit was built in violation of rules.The cracker unit was functioning round the clock and explosive material was stored in huge quantity there, they alleged. Government officials should immediately inspect the cracker unit.The 85 houses provided by the government to the residents of Kamarajar were also in dilapidated state, the villagers said and sought safe houses.Man held for firing at dog: Police arrested a 30-year-old man for firing at a dog that attempted to maul his goats in Madurai. The licensed rifle and bullets were seized from him. Police said that Mohideen (30), son of Samsudeen of Therku Vasal owned a goat herd. A dog allegedly mauled the goats recently. When he saw the dog nearing the herd around midnight on Thursday he fired shots at it from the rifle owned by his father. The gun shots created a panic in the locality and residents complained to the police, following which he was arrested.More plaints against emu farms: Complaints are still pouring in from investors in Trichy district against emu farms.Economic offences wing (EOW) so far received 60 complaints and filed a case against one company. Inspector of EOW, Trichy, M Pugazhendhi told TOI, \"There are a lot of people in Trichy who are still lodging complaints against emu farms. As investigations are on in Erode district, we have forwarded the complaints there for filing cases. Moreover, many investors who lost money in emu farms are not aware of taking up the issue with us. We expect more complaints from our district.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16403192", "title": "Plea filed in HC against Mahagenco's decision to import coal", "text": "NAGPUR: A petitioner, on Friday, filed a petition before a division bench of the high court challenging Mahagenco's decision to import coal from other countries for its various power projects in Vidarbha. The petition was listed before a division bench comprising justices Pratap Hardas and Arun Chaudhari, but the hearing was adjourned for a couple of weeks.Petitioner, Anil Wadpalliwar, through his lawyer, Shrirang Bhandarkar, has made union power and coal ministries, state power ministry, Western Coalfields Limited (WCL), Mahagenco and Mahatransco as the respondents.According to him, power plants in Vidarbha produce over 50% of total electricity required in Maharashtra and they collectively consume 19 lakh tonnes of coal every month. WCL generally fulfils their requirements. It directly supplies five lakh tonnes to the units at Bhusawal, Khaperkheda, Chandrapur and Parli units. Six lakh tonnes of coal are supplied through railways and eight lakh tonnes through washeries. However, a couple of months back, Mahagenco suddenly decided to import coal from Indonesia and Australia at much higher rates than that of WCL. They citied poor quality of coal from WCL as reason behind their decision. It also cancelled its contract with WCL in June regarding supply of coal from washeries.The petitioner claimed that due to poor quality of coal, these units collectively suffered a loss of Rs 5,5515.85 crores. Citing CAG report, he stated that it passed strictures on Mahagenco for its failure to take any action against the washeries for supplying poor quality coal.He further said that Mahegenco's decision to import coal would cause a burden of Rs 10,000 crore and this in turn would lead to a hefty hike in electricity charges. Wadpalliwar appealed to the court to direct the company stop import of coal and instead regulat its supply through WCL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16404066", "title": "Punish cops who act like judges: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has lambasted the city police for acting as judges.\"It is not the business of the police to ask the opposite party to forcibly hand over the children to the complainant party,\" said the judges referring to a recent case where the Kalamboli police forced a man to hand over custody of his two children to his estranged wife, following her complaint.The court asked the state to initiate strict action against policemen who indulge in such conduct. \"(Send a copy of the order to the government for) issuing instructions to all concerned that in future if such a complaint is received against any police officer, it will be viewed seriously and appropriate departmental action will be taken against the erring police officer.\"The second instance that irked Justices Khanwilkar and Joshi pertained to a dispute between two women. Dindoshi's Sheela Mehta complained to the local police that she had been cheated out of some ornaments by Hetal Shah. The police forced Hetal to hand them over. The court issued a showcause notice to police commissioner Satya Pal Singh to explain \"under which provision a police official can force one party to hand over ornaments/valuables to another party on his own without a formal order of any court of competent jurisdiction\". Last week, additional public prosecutor Poornima Kantharia informed the court that the commissioner took action against the officer and stopped two of his increments. \"The state government will also issue a circular to all police stations on what they can do and cannot in complaints lodged before them.\" (Names of petitioners have been changed)Times View : Cops playing judge subverts the legal systemThe practice of cops playing judge and arbiter is gross abuse of power. Corruption, which has become all-pervasive at the ground level, feeds on such subversions of the system. But such practices have become so well-entrenched that it may take more than a government circular to set things right. The court's observations should come as a wake-up call for the new regime in charge of Mumbai Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16404367", "title": "BP attaches distributors to supply cylinders in BKT", "text": "As Bharat Petroleum is unable to send cylinder supplies to the LPG Distributorship M/s Chandra Gas Agency, Bakshi Ka Talab since September 9, 2012, it has attached nearby distributors to supply cylinders in the area since September 12, 2012. M/s Baba Vishwanath Bharatgas Service, Jankipuram will supply refill cylinders at Bakshi Ka Talab, Six Mile, Chandrika Devi Road, Jankipuram Extension, Gudamba, Sitapur Road, Bhitaului and Asti Road. In case of any convenience, the distributor can be contacted at 0522-3273400, 2733680 and 936897490. Similarly, M/s Noor Bharatgas Service, Kursi Road will supply cylinders in the areas of Amainganj, Behta, Itaunja, Kumhrawan, Kursi Road, Mahona and Paharpur. For any kind of service, it can be contacted at 05248-2733680 and 9368297490.The customers can also register their complaint or suggestion by contacting Customer Relation Centre at 0522-3290338 or deputy manager of LPG sales at 9453024456.Guv condoles death of former CJI: Governor BL Joshi has expressed grief over the demise of former Chief Justice of India and the first chairman of National Human Rights Commission Justice Ranganath Mishra. The governor in his condolence message has prayed for the peace of the departed soul and expressed his sympathies to the bereaved family members.Public holiday: Government has declared September 17 as a public holiday on account of Vishwakarma Puja. Treasury and banks will not be affected by this public holiday, says an official release.Group insurance for drivers: Minister for transport Raja Mahendra Aridaman Singh said that group insurance of Rs 5 lakh would be done for drivers and conductors working on contract in state transport corporation in case of their death in an accident. Besides this, group accident medical insurance would also be done for these employees working on contracts. He said that premium of Rs 330 and Rs 140 would be charged from each employee for accident insurance and medical insurance respectively.IIA welcomes SP's stand on diesel hike: President of Indian Industries Association (IIA) Jugal Kishore has welcomed the Samajwadi Party's opposition to the hike in prices of diesel announced by the Centre. At the same time, he has also expressed concern over the anticipated 40% increase in power tariff for industrial consumers recommended by UPPCL and state government to UP Electricity Regulatory Commission.Deadline extended: The Press Council of India on Friday extended the deadline of sending entries for its newly instituted national awards to promote excellence in print media. Nominations can now be sent till September 20. The earlier deadline was August 16, says an official release. The awards are to be given in six categories with the 'Raja Ram Mohan Roy National award for excellence in journalism' carrying the highest cash prize of Rs 1 lakh. Other details of eligibility criteria, entry form rules etc are available on the website of the council (http://presscouncil.nic.in: National Awards for Excellence in Journalism ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16405223", "title": "Tougher anti-terror act with CM nod", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has given her stamp of approval to put her emboss on the proposal to amend the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA), thereby allowing the UPA to give more teeth to the anti-terrorism act.The chief minister's newfound bonhomie is already a fortnight old as Mamata made it known to big brother Congress that she was not opposed to the UAPA amendment, after all, provided her suggestions were accommodated.Temporarily putting bitterness behind her - especially her revolt against the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC), which she claimed would usurp powers of the state - the chief minister seemed to have warmed up to Congress over the UAPA amendment. The amendment is necessary for the act to cover wrongdoings affecting economic activity.While giving her nod to the proposal which she had vehemently opposed earlier, the chief minister had top bureaucrats of the government, including chief secretary Samar Ghosh and home secretary Basudeb Banerjee, interacting with Delhi.Finally at Banerjee's behest, the Centre replaced the phrase \"Hindu undivided family\" with \"a firm, an association or body of individuals\" while describing any one who would be involved with terrorism and charged with UAPA. The chief minister had also asked the UPA government to protect those who were not involved in terrorism even if their organisation was. Thus, the definition of a firm, an association or body of individuals also stood changed according to the Bengal chief minister's wish.The ministry of home affairs (MHA) has been pushing the UAPA Amendment Bill since December 29, 2011. The bill was referred to the Standing Committee on Home Affairs on January 13, 2012.The Trinamool supremo and the Bengal chief minister had earlier refused to play ball vis-a-vis the amendment. She had written a letter to the MHA in May stating that her party would not allow the UPA to expand the purview of the UAPA.She had also specified the objections which revolved around defining anyone who has been charged with UAPA to include trusts, societies and companies found to be raising or sponsoring terrorism. Besides, the chief minister had suggested that the provisions be covered under a separate legislation.But the UPA didn't take no for an answer and kept raising the issue on and off. The matter was discussed by the Union home secretary R K Singh during the GTA oath taking ceremony. Finally, the chief minister gave her consent in the last week of August so that the proposal could be passed subsequently by the Union cabinet.MHA has been pushing the UAPA Amendment Bill since December 29, 2011. The bill was referred to the Standing Committee on Home Affairs on January 13, 2012. The Mamata government wrote to MHA in May that it would not allow the UPA to expand the purview of the UAPA. It also specified its objections, which revolved around defining anyone who has been charged with UAPA to include trusts, societies and companies found to be raising or sponsoring terrorism. The chief minister had also suggested that the provisions be covered under a separate legislation.But the UPA didn't take no for an answer and kept raising the issue off and on. The matter was discussed by the Union home secretary R K Singh during the GTA oath taking ceremony. Finally, the chief minister came round in the last week of August, so that the proposal could be passed subsequently by the Union cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16403153", "title": "Action against 2 edu officials for felling 400 trees", "text": "Hazaribag: Deputy commissioner of Hazaribag Manish Ranjan has written to the state government for taking immediate action against two senior education officials for allegedly felling 400 eucalyptus and sesum trees planted in two acres of land of the school.The action was recommended against former principal of state basic primary school at Panchmadhav Sunil Kumar Keshri, who is currently block education officer (BEO) at Bhavnathpur in Garhwa District, and acting principal of the same school Ramsevak Dangi, currently BEO at Vishnugarh in Hazaribag.The DC on receipt of complaints from the people of the area about the alleged felling of such a huge number of trees on the school campus ordered an inquiry by the SDO and on receipt of the report wrote to the government for initiating departmental proceeding against them. The two officials sold the felled logs of the trees in the market and pocketed several lakhs of rupees without depositing it in the school account. The DC said the plantations were made by the gram shiksha samiti and the officials sold them in the open market violating government normsand can be termed as embezzlement of government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "16405483", "title": "River rafting, paragliding to resume from today", "text": "MANALI: Tourists visiting Manali after September 15 will be able to enjoy paragliding and river rafting as the two-month ban imposed on all adventure activities by the local administration ends then.The ban is imposed every year during monsoon months, when the rivers are in a spate. According to Kullu deputy commissioner Amitabh Awasthi, river rafting in the Beas was banned under River Rafting Act 2005 while paragliding at Solang valley was prohibited under Himachal Pradesh Aero Sports Rules, 2004. \"The steps are taken for the safety of tourists. The weather between July 15 and September 15 remains unfavorable for these sports,\" he said.According to officials, the ban could otherwise be extended if weather turns hostile and river water is above the normal level. As hundreds of adventure enthusiasts from across the world visit the Kullu valley especially for adventure activities in August and September, ban on rafting and paragliding is not only disappointing but also affects the livelihood of hundreds of local employed in these activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16404657", "title": "Woman, 2 spinster daughters die, suicide pact suspected", "text": "CHENNAI: Police recovered the decomposed bodies of a 65-year-old woman and her two daughters, both spinsters, from their house in Kodungaiyur on Friday.Investigators said the women appeared to have poisoned themselves in a suicide pact, but have sent the bodies to Government Stanley Hospital and are awaiting postmortem reports to ascertain the exact cause of death.A police officer said Vasantha, a resident of MGR Nagar, Kodungaiyur, got separated from her husband more than 20 years ago. She lived with her daughters Geetha, 42, a singer in a wedding band, Gajalakshmi, 35, who worked in a printing press, and Kalyani, 32, who was not employed. \"All of Vasantha's daughters were unmarried,\" the officer said. \"Kalyani died of jaundice a couple of months ago and the family was unable to overcome their grief.\"After Kalyani's death, Geetha and Gajalakshmi stopped going to work and the family remained in their house. \"The two daughters were last seen a few days ago when they came out to fetch water,\" said Manikandan, a neighbour.Since then the house had been locked from the inside. Children playing on the road outside on Friday complained of a foul smell emanating from the house and neighbours alerted the police. Policemen broke open the front door and found the bodies of the three women in an advanced state of decomposition.\"They did not inform neighbours about Kalyani's death,\" the officer said. \"They grieved with the body for two days,\" said MKB Nagar assistant commissioner Govi Manoharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16408246", "title": "Mayawati criticizes UPA on fuel price hike, FDI in retail but not in a hurry to withdraw support", "text": "LUCKNOW: Demanding roll back of increase in fuel prices and decision to allow FDI in retail sector, Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) chief Mayawati on Saturday announced that her party will take final decision on whether to continue support to Congress led UPA government at the Centre on October 9 after a 'Mahasankalp' rally in Lucknow on the occasion of BSP founder Kanshiram's death anniversary.\"We have been extending issue based support to the UPA to stop communal forces from coming to power but we are not in favour of anti-people decisions like fuel price hike and FDI in retail. We demand revocation of these decisions. If UPA fails to do it, we will take final decision on continuing support on October 9,\" Mayawati told reporters. She said that she will talk to party leaders who will come to attend the rally from all over the country before announcing future course of action.Though the BSP supremo described UPA's decision as anti-people and result of its wrong economic policies, she did not appeared to be in a hurry to withdraw support. When asked to react on the 72 hours ultimatum given by the Congress ally Trinmool Congress (TMC) president and chief minister of West Bengal Mamta Banerjee to the UPA government to roll back fuel price hike and FDI in retail, failing which she may withdraw support, Mayawati said that she cannot comment on the stand taken by UPA partners like TMC and other parties which are extending issue based support from outside, but as far as the BSP is concerned, it will oppose both the decisions.Mayawati also criticized the Congress for not being able to pass the constitutional amendment bill on granting reservation to scheduled castes and scheduled tribes in promotions in government services. She said that the Centre introduced the quota bill in the parliament but its intentions are not clear. As a result, she added, the government failed to get the bill passed from both the houses of the parliament. She also blamed the Congress for the rising inflation and poor state of economy in the country.However, despite strong criticism, Mayawati remained non-commital on the issue of continuing support to UPA. She also avoided question on how many marks she will give to prime minister Manmohan Singh on the issue of governance. Sources in the party said that Mayawati does not want to take the blame of fall of the 'secular' UPA government, in case it does if Congress allies withdraw support, keeping in mind Muslim votes. She also want to take stock of party's preparedness for mid term lok sabha election, if UPA collapses, before taking in any final decision, sources said.\"Behenji is playing safe and will open her cards after seeing the action taken by other parties,\" said a party leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407493", "title": "Bigul is ready for release", "text": "Director Ravikant's 'Bigul' is ready for release. The film is made under the banner of Mann Films. Story is written by Ravikant and dialogues are written by Monoj Pandey and Ravikant. Haider Kazmi, Akshara Singh, Jeetendra Yadav, Shreya Sharma and many others are there in the movie.Ashok Mayank is the choreographer and Sanjay Yadav is the production designer.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "they came, saw and left. at emerging kerala, foreign investors were noticeably like un observers at some controversial plebiscite. that they didn't raise a red flag is, in itself, a positive sign for the state as a future investor destination. the meet was conspicuous in other respects too", "code": "16404538", "title": "Diaspora can be the driving force for Kerala", "text": "They came, saw and left. At Emerging Kerala, foreign investors were noticeably like UN observers at some controversial plebiscite. That they didn't raise a red flag is, in itself, a positive sign for the state as a future investor destination. The meet was conspicuous in other respects too: NRKs showed most interest; B2G interaction dominated the proceedings, revealing the continuing mai-baap syndrome; enabling legislation was mooted even as the meet progressed, a case of putting the cart before the horse.Like in Gujarat the diaspora can be the driving force for the state's renewal but harnessing its potential demands investor meets that are smaller, more focused and willing to ignore the 'global' tag. Not least, in land-scarce Kerala, 'environmental' concerns shouldn't hinder development. Though the issue shouldn't be seen in either-or terms, in a digital age Kerala cannot think analogous.Related Story:  The test lies in implementation", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "16404030", "title": "29 killed in Uttarakhand cloudburst, 39 still trapped in debris", "text": "DEHRADUN: In one of the worst natural calamities in Uttarakhand in the last 10 years, 29 people were killed and 12 others seriously injured in a cloudburst that triggered landslides that hit three villages close to Ukhimath town in Uttarakhand's Rudraprayag district on Thursday. The toll could get much higher as 39 people are still trapped in the debris of houses crushed by the landslides, with Army jawans engaged in rescue work.The tragedy occurred around 1am when people in villages of Kemara, Girijiya and Manglore under Ukhimath Tehsil were fast asleep. While most residents were crushed to death when their houses collapsed from the impact of the landslide, others got washed away.\"Bodies of 22 people have been recovered from the debris and efforts are on by Army jawans and teams of local administration to retrieve the bodies suspected to be still under mounds of debris,\" said DIG (Pauri Range) G N Goswami.Twelve of those seriously injured were admitted to the Srinagar base hospital in Pauri with multiple and deep injuries. Goswami said bodies of more injured are being airlifted by an Army chopper at Ukhimath town in Rudraprayag district.A senior police officer in Rudraprayag district headquarters said the exact number of people washed away is yet to be ascertained. Another officer said while Khemara, Girijiya and Manglore were completely destroyed, two other villages, Prem Nagar and Braham Kohli, too, were affected.Apart from human casualties, cattle and livestock were washed away as well. Acres of farm land were destroyed. Four pedestrian bridges across rivulets and canals broke.Chief secretary Alok Kumar Jain said the Uttarakhand government has released Rs 10 crore to the Rudraprayag magistrate for distribution as ex gratia to the next of kin of those killed or injured in the calamity. He said Rs 3 lakh will be paid to each of the families of those killed. The injured would get Rs 1.50 lakh.Union MOS for parliamentary affairs Harish Rawat and Congress MP from Pauri Satpal Maharaj flew to Ukhimath to help intensify rescue and relief operations. Rawat met those injured at the hospital.Caption: Rescue workers look for signs of survival in a village in Rudraprayag district after it was washed away by heavy rains and flash floods on Friday. Apart from human casualties, cattle and livestock were washed away as well. Acres of farm land were destroyed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16402818", "title": "Crime victims to get compensation", "text": "BANGALORE: If you are a victim of a crime, the state government plans to ensure you get financial compensation. The police, hopefully, will ensure the criminal is punished and bring about your emotional closure.The state government has notified a victim compensation scheme to make good the suffering undergone by people who have suffered loss or injury as a result of crime.The Karnataka Victim Compensation Scheme 2011 invokes Section 357-A of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) 1973 that empowers courts to levy fine on the accused for compensation. The scheme was gazetted on April 19 and made available to the police department on August 30. The guidelines for enforcing the scheme are yet to be framed.The scheme defines a victim as \"a person who has suffered loss or injury as a result of crime and requires rehabilitation and includes his dependents who have suffered loss or injury due to a crime and who require rehabilitation\". It envisages setting up of a Victims Compensation Fund to which government grants and money recovered by or on behalf of the victims will be credited.A victim shall be eligible for compensation if the offender has not been not traced or identified and where no trial takes place and in cases where the victim applies for compensation. The victim or the claimant has to report the crime to the jurisdictional police, any senior police officer or executive/judicial magistrate within 48 hours of the occurrence of crime. But the district or the state legal services authority has been given the power to condone any delay in filing the complaint.The district legal service authority has been given the power to look into the claims from the victims and award compensation. It also will take a call on the quantum of compensation.However, legal practitioners or any others cannot represent victims/claimants. Any false claim will be liable for confiscation with 15 % interest per annum, the notification said. Cases under the Motor Vehicles Act and relating to road accidents will not be covered under the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16403189", "title": "Munda plays safe on FDI in retail", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Friday played safe on 51% FDI in retail sector. He did not make the stand clear on FDI in Jharkhand. \"I will not take any decision in a hurry on FDI in retail sector. The state government has the right to take a final stand and I will do it only after consulting the people of Jharkhand and local businessmen who are already in retail business,\" said Munda adding the interest of 3.25 crore people of Jharkhand will be of importance.Sources close to the chief minister said he was in regular touch with senior BJP leaders on the matter. \"Any decision in a hurry will have long time implication on the health of the state government as the stand of Jharkhand Mukti Morcha and Ajsu Party is also of great importance. If the two allies are in favour of FDI, then the decision may be different in Jharkhand and vary from what BJP thinks at the national level,\" said a source. tnnAs a party, BJP has already denounced the Centre and called the decision of allowing 51 per cent FDI in retail as a decision taken in a hurry under foreign pressure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16404223", "title": "Fatorda roads to be redone after monsoon", "text": "MARGAO: The roads of Fatorda possibly serve as the best evidence of the inefficiency of the PWD and the road contractors in Goa. Most of the roads that were hot-mixed just before the last assembly elections earlier this year have failed to survive even a single monsoon.Taking cognizance of the terribly bad shape of the roads in his constituency, Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai, said that he has instructed PWD officials to ensure that all the potholes are filled and roads repaired before Ganesh Chaturthi.\"I will personally stand and get the roads repaired in the next two days if it doesn't rain,\" Sardesai told TOI.The hot-mixing of the roads will be taken up soon after the monsoons, as any repair work done now will get washed away by the rains, he said.\"I want to ensure that the work is executed to the desired level of quality. I have already warned the officials and contractors that I will myself file complaints against them with the vigilance department if the quality of the road construction is not maintained,\" Sardesai added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403477", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation withdraws 10% water cut", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic body on Friday announced that the 10% cut in water supply, which was imposed on July 1 due to delayed monsoon, would be withdrawn from Saturday.The decision was taken at the standing committee meeting after it was found that levels in the lakes supplying potable water to the city had risen to sufficient heights. According to an official, the six lakes now contain water that will last the city for approximately 304 days or till July 15, 2013. Their collective useful content was 12,43,287 million litres in 2011 and 12,44,064 million litres in 2012. Mumbai needs 12,50,000 million litres till July 15 next year. After conducting a comparison study over the past nine years, the the BMC has arrived at a conclusion that the major lakes like Modak Sagar, Tansa, Bhatsa and Upper Vaitarna, have received 85% water this year.Main suppliers Upper Vaitarna and Bhatsa lakes have water for 273 and 309 days. Modak Sagar, Tansa and Tulsi reached their overflow marks on August 8, September 3 and September but Vihar still has 1.13m left before it flows over, Upper Vaitarna 1.46m and Bhatsa 0.45m.Though the overall water cut has been revoked, parts of the island city and the suburbs still face a 25% water cut for 24 hours on Saturday. The cut has been announced as the BMC will work on a water main as part of the Maroshi-Vakola-Mahim-Ruparel Tunnel Project in Bandra (E) that will help improve the distribution network water in the city. The areas in the island city to be affected on Saturday are B, E, F-north and F-south wards, which include Dongri, Malabar Hill, Dadar, Sion and Matunga. Bandra (W), Khar (W) and Santa Cruz (W) in the western suburbs will also have to face the brunt. According to an official, the six lakes supplying water to the city now contain water that will last till July 15, 2013. Mumbai requires 12,50,000 million litres till that date, while the lakes' useful content is 12,44,064 million litres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16406719", "title": "'Grant NOCs to schools satisfying CBSE/ICSE affiliation norms'", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala high court on Friday directed the state government to grant NOCs to schools satisfying CBSE/ICSE norms for affiliation.A direction in this regard was issued by a division bench comprising Justices T N Ramachandran Nair and C K Abdul Rahim after dismissing a government appeal challenging a single judge's order quashing conditions imposed for granting NOCs.The bench directed CBSE and ICSE boards to enforce a condition for continued affiliation, payment of salary provisionally at the rate of Rs 10,000 per month for primary teachers', Rs 15,000 for high school teachers and Rs 20,000 for higher secondary teachers.The court also directed that non teaching staff-- clerks-- be paid Rs 6,000 and Class IV employees Rs 4,000 per month as salary as an interim measure till government takes a decision.Criticising the government for creating obstacles for CBSE and ICSE schools for grant of NOCs, the bench also came down on the attitude of educational agencies in exploiting ICSE/CBSE teachers.The bench made it clear that if any manipulation or violation is found leading to actual payment below amounts shown as paid under affiliation norms, appropriate action, including withdrawl of NOC and affiliation, as well as permissible criminal action should be taken against managements and principals involved.Among the conditions laid down by government to grant NOCs for schools seeking CBSE/ICSE affiliation is that they should have three acres land and 300 students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bellary/new delhi", "code": "16408640", "title": "Iron ore export scam: CBI registers five cases, raids firms", "text": "BELLARY/NEW DELHI: The CBI has registered five cases in connection with illegal iron ore export scam worth Rs 2500 crore and carried out searches at 17 locations, including in the premises of associates of jailed mining baron G Janardhan Reddy, on Saturday.Acting on the orders of Supreme Court which asked the agency to probe the scam, the agency registered five cases and a preliminary enquiry against firms and exporters allegedly related with illegal mining and export of nearly 50 lakh metric tonnes of iron ore from Belekeri port in Karnataka, CBI sources said.The agency carried out searches at 17 locations in Bangalore, Karwar, Hospet and Goa.A 10-member CBI team searched the houses of Karapudi Mahesh, Swastik Nagaraj and Somasekhar, who runs a transport firm, all aides of Reddy, the sources said.Raids are being conducted in Sandur Taluk of mine-rich Bellary district also, they said.Those companies whose premises were searched today include ILC industries, Dream Logistics, SB Logistics , Sri Malikaarjuna Shipping, Greentex Industries, they said.The Supreme Court had questioned the Karnataka government as to how law enforcing agencies, particularly the CB-CID, were unaware of illegal mining on such a huge scale in its own forest reserves and transportation of minerals to the Belekeri port by using around five lakh trucks over a period of 17 months.It is alleged that the iron-ore was transported to Belekeri Port between January 1, 2009 and May 31, 2010 and exported to foreign companies especially China and Pakistan.The apex court had appointed a central empowered committee(CEC), which recommended an in depth investigation of the mining and exports of the ore.The two CEC reports of April 27 and September six had suggested a probe to find out officials responsible for various associated illegalities and thereafter to take appropriate follow up action against erring exporters, suppliers, transporters, stockyard personnel and officials.In the September six report, the CEC recommended that CBI must investigate all aspects of the illegalities associated with raising, transportation, sale and purchase, storage and disposal of about 3.4 mn tonnes of iron ore exported from January 1, 2009 to May 31,2010 by four exporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16402291", "title": "Samaresh Jung rolls back the years", "text": "PUNE: Samaresh Jung rolled back the years after surpassing his personal best and the national record with a stunning 587 in the air pistol men's qualifying event of the Seed Gun For Glory shooting championships here on Friday.The 42-year-old, Best Athlete at the 2006 Melbourne Commonwealth Games with five gold medals, had a wobbly start but improved steadily to finish with a flourish at the Shiv Chhatrapati Sports Complex. His score (a series of 96, 96, 98, 98, 99, 100) will not be considered for the national record as it has come in an event not recognized by the national body (NRAI). \"I am happy with my performance. It was nice to finish the way I did today,\" the CISF employee said later.Anshul Bansal won the event's junior gold with a tally of 570 while fellow Maharashtrian Sumedh Kumar Devlalivala (566) took the silver and Manjeet Singh Rana of Army (564) the bronze.Shweta Chaudhry rediscovered her form to top the women's air pistol qualifying with 384. Annu Raj Singh, playing her first tournament after the London Games, suffered from rustiness as she shot 377 to be placed fourth behind Diksha Rajput and Shreya Gawande who also had the same score.The efforts fetched Diksha and Shreya gold and silver respectively in the junior category. The pair had identical number of inner-10s, but the Madhya Pradeshi girl won on the basis of series count-back (95 to 94).Disha's statemate Oshin Tawani also shot 577, but had to settle for bronze as she had one less inner-10 (eight). The trio occupied the podium in the youth category as well.Rahi Sarnobat shot an inexplicably poor 376.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16405222", "title": "Dengue kills 19-year-old at Golf Green in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: The dengue toll in Kolkata rose to 26 with yet another death on Friday. Rituparna Biswas, 19, died at a Jodhpur Park nursing home. She was a resident of Ashwininagar near Golf Green in south Kolkata.Meanwhile, the spread of the disease continued in the city. On Thursday, an 11-year-old girl, daughter of a Raj Bhavan employee had been admitted to CMRI. Aparna Naik, daughter of the personal assistant to a special secretary at Raj Bhavan, was stated to be critical. Even though she was stable, Aparna was under observation at the paediatric intensive care unit of CMRI. \"She is still critical, though out of danger. She will remain under observation for a few more days,\" said Rupak Barua, CEO, CMRI.In the past few years, several Raj Bhavan employees have been affected by malaria and dengue.Governor M K Narayanan had recently expressed concern at the spread of dengue and sought measures to check it. Aparna was admitted to the hospital with high fever. She was also vomiting.According to the hospital sources, she has tested positive for dengue in several rapid tests, including the NS 1 and IGM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16404344", "title": "Diesel price hike to drive all prices up", "text": "NAGPUR: The diesel price hike has led to transporters increasing freight charges by 15% on an average. Diesel cost outside the city limits, from where truckers normally tank up, is now 13.33% more at Rs 51.58 a litre as against Rs 45.51. So a hike of 15% in freights was considered reasonable, but some operators may hike rates by 20%, say sources in the business. Diesel within the city limits is now Rs 55.88 as against Rs 49.32 a litre.A rate hike has been announced by various transporters' unions throughout the country. However, market players also say the final rates depend on demand and supply situation. Even earlier, there have been minor hikes along with change in diesel prices, but eventually the freight rates had to be reduced due to low demand. Even in the current scenario, there are chances that some transporters may give in to pressure from clients and hike prices by only 8-10%.Increased freight rates are expected to have a chain reaction on prices of all commodities, especially foodgrains, which are transported by diesel vehicles. Also, due to erratic electricity supply, several farmers use diesel pumps to irrigate fields. This rise in cost of production may also be passed on when they sell produce.RK Verma, president of All India Transporters Association, confirmed that an increase in freights is imminent. The hike may be in the range of 15 to 20%, he said. The transporters are also planning to launch an agitation against the decision, said Verma.The fuel expenses for a trip from Nagpur to Mumbai in a 22-ton truck have gone up by Rs 2,800 to Rs 22,300, all of which will be passed on to the consumer, said JP Sharma, vice-president of Nagpur Truckers Unity, a local transporters' guild.Since there are many types of trucks, depending on carrying capacity, rates are usually quoted on per ton basis. The current per ton freight for Mumbai from Nagpur is Rs 1,800, while it is Rs 2,400 for Delhi. The longest distance covered by local transporters is Guwahati, for which the rate is Rs 4,200 a ton. All the rates will now be increased 15% at least, said Sharma. However, customers are not ready to accept the higher rate, he added.Traders expect the prices of foodgrains to rise by 15-20%. There have been diesel price hikes earlier, but they have been absorbed by transporters. However, a Rs 5 per litre will have to be passed on, they said. At present, transporting wheat from Madhya Pradesh costs Rs 40 per ton while Tur dal from Mumbai costs Rs 100 per ton. A hike of 15-20% is expected in these prices, said secretary of Itwari Grain and Seeds Merchants Association Pratap Motwani.Farm activist Kishore Tiwari said farmers use almost 10 litres of diesel a day during the harvest months of December and January. The increased cost will have to be passed on to consumers.Taxi operators too are revising their rates. A basic non-AC Tata Indica , which used to be rented out at Rs 7 per km will now cost Rs 8. Rates for an AC car will also go up by a rupee to Rs 8.5 per km. Charges for premium taxis will go up by Rs 2, and cost Rs 14 a km now. A luxury car like Mercedes, which was available for Rs 10,000 per eight hours will now be available for Rs 12-14,000, said Milind Gadre of Shree Travels.The taxi industry said they are already reeling under high overheads due to steep increase in road tax, which has gone up four times in a year. The tax is now Rs 8,000 for a basic car as against Rs 1,800 an year ago, while it is now Rs 12,000 for a premium car as against Rs 3,000, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16404921", "title": "Four booked for abducting man", "text": "INDORE: Four members of a family were booked for allegedly abducting a man and forcibly taking his signature on the documents of a house and a plot. According to police, Md Arif is the resident of Loha Gate, Chandan Nagar who complained against Junain Duremkanun and his sons Kasim, Jafar and Mustafa. All the accused belong to Nandan Van.Quoting Arif, police said that the incident took place on September 8 when the victim was crossing collectorate on a motor-bike. The accused came in a vehicle MP09 MR4019 and hit his bike. They then forcefully made him sit in their car and started beating. Later, he was taken to a room and tortured until he signed on the paper of the house and plot, he owned.Police said that the victim first approached Chandan Nagar police from where the case was transferred to Rawji Bazaar police. After registering the case against all the four accused under section 342, 365, 386, 323, 506 and 34 of IPC, police have begun their investigation. In primary investigation, cops have found that the victim had taken loan from the accused family, which he was unable to pay back by the due date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16405592", "title": "Rural fund embezzlement scam: Kingpin eludes police", "text": "AMRITSAR: While the opposition has been demanding a CBI inquiry into the case of alleged embezzlement of funds issued for rural development by minister for welfare of SC/BC, Gulzar Singh Ranike, police are yet to trace the \"kingpin of the racket\" Sarabdyal Singh, personal assistant of Ranike, even as chief minister Parkash Singh Badal has handed over the probe to state vigilance bureau.The scam in rural development funds was reported after district development and panchayat officer (DDPO) Gurpartap Singh lodged a complaint, following which police swung into action and registered a case against Sarabdyal Singh and Om Parkash, manager, Bank of Maharashtra on June 26 under sections 406, 409, 419, 420, 467, 468, 471 and 120-B of IPC at Civil Lines police station for siphoning off grants given by Ranike for rural development in Dhatal and Ramowal villages. \"We have conducted raids at the possible hideouts of Sarabdyal and his relatives, but we have not been able to trace his whereabouts yet,\" senior superintendent of police, Amritsar (rural), P S Virk told TOI on Friday. He said the investigations would progress only after Sarabdayal's arrest. Sarabdyal had also moved an application pleading innocence but had not appeared to clarify his side of story, Virk said.Amritsar Urban police had constituted a three-member committee headed by assistant deputy commissioner, police, Amrik Singh Powar to investigate the scam and had indicted both Sarabdyal and Om Pakrash in the Rs 1.5 crore scam.Sarabdyal Singh, in connivance with the bank manager, had made fake bank accounts of sarpanches and had encashed 12 cheques of village grants released in 2011 before assembly elections in 12 villages of Attari assembly segment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16406480", "title": "Action master Allan Amin dropped from Shootout At Wadala", "text": "He received the Best Action award for Mission Kashmir (2000), Qayamat - City Under Threat (2003) and Dus (2005). He even designed the action sequences in the first two parts of YRF's action packed thriller franchise Dhoom. However, for the third part of the successful series, Allan Amin was left out. And now,TOI found out that the acclaimed action director has been dropped from Sanjay Gupta's Shootout At Wadala. That too, after Amin has directed the action scenes for almost half the film.The decision to sack the action director apparently came from direc tor Sanjay Gupta. A source from the sets of the Balaji Motion Pictures produced film told TOI \"The decision to terminate Amin's contract for the film did not come overnight. Gupta and Amin held several meetings over the past few weeks to iron out the differences but in vain.\"Their arguments escalated and Gupta apparently had a word with Balaji head honcho Ekta Kapoor. \"Only after talking to her, he took the final decision to replace Amin,\" said the source. Explaining why exactly he showed Amin the door, Gupta told TOI, \"Amin and I had creative differences. Technology has changed drastically over the years. I would've appreciated if Amin had moved ahead with times. Our style of functioning was as different as chalk and cheese.\"Gupta told us that Tinu Varma has been summoned to replace Amin as the new action director for the project. A friend of Varma confirmed, \"Yes, Tinu has been called by Gupta to take over Amin's unfinished work. He will join the unit, shortly.\"When contacted, Amin sounded rather angry, \"The fact is that I couldn't work with Gupta and I shall refrain from working with him again. Look, I am a creative person. I have worked in several hits like Dhoom, Dhoom 2, Bhoot and Race, to name just a few. I never had differences with any filmmaker, including Mani Ratnam and Gulzar. Gupta was one exception.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16403267", "title": "Mamata sets 72-hour deadline for government to withdraw FDI proposals", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA ally Trinamool Congress has threatened to quit the ruling alliance if the government does not roll back its decisions to hike fuel prices and allow FDI in multi-brand retail and civil aviation, with party chief Mamata Banerjee saying \"loot was on\".The West Bengal chief minister has set a 72-hour deadline for the government to reconsider its decisions. \"We cannot support price hike of diesel and reduction in subsidized LPG cylinders. Today, a decision has been taken allowing FDI in retail sector. It is a big jolt. We are really sorry. We can't support anything that is against the interest of the poor and common people. Loot cholchhe loot (Loot is on),\" she said.Trinamool sources said railway minister Mukul Roy conveyed the party's stand to senior Congress leader Ahmed Patel over phone on Friday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403981", "title": "Stop playing judge, Bombay HC warns cops", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has come down heavily on police for showing propensity to play \"judge\" and force settlement in disputes. In two recent cases, the court warned the force of strict action for summarily taking sides and imposing its verdict.\"Such conduct inevitably impinges upon the rule of law. It is nothing short of abuse of police powers,\" said a division bench of Justices A M Khanwilkar and A R Joshi recently, while hearing a habeas corpus petition filed by Navi Mumbai resident Salim Khan.In his plea, Khan had alleged that police landed at his residence and forced him to relinquish the custody of his two minor sons to his estranged wife. Police had received a complaint from the wife, claiming that Salim \"took away her two sons\".\"It is not the business of the police to ask the opposite party to forcibly hand over the children to the complainant party,\" the court said. \"The police should have advised the wife to take recourse to remedy permissible in law. We hope and trust that such conduct will not be repeated by any other police officer of Maharashtra police.\"(Names of petitioners changed)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mahbubnagar", "code": "16404304", "title": "CM showers sops on disabled, shepherds", "text": "MAHBUBNAGAR: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy showered sops on disabled persons, shepherds, self-help groups women and shepherds during his Indiramma Baata programme in the district on Friday.After interaction with shepherd groups of shepherds at Marikal, he said that Rs 100 crore has been allocated for healthcare of sheep and goats in three districts, including Rs 65 crore for Mahbubnagar. He also announced a grant of Rs 1 crore for construction of a shepherd samakhya building. Five lakh families of shepherds -- the highest in the country - live in Mahbubnagar district.At interaction with physically disabled persons at Devarakadra during his sixth leg of Indiramma Baata, CM said the government had released Rs 212 crore for the welfare of disabled in the budget. Some 40,000 disability SHGs have been set up to address their woes on the lines of women SHGs, he said. He said 3% reservation was provided to the disabled in government jobs. He said assured them thatthe government would provide loans from banks for those who were interested in taking upself-employment schemes.Kiran also said the budget of animal husbandry has been enhanced from Rs 600 crore to Rs 900 crore, horticulture from Rs 900 crore to Rs 1,200 crore and fisheries from Rs 20 crore to 220 crores.Minister for animal welfare and husbandry P Vishwaroop, information minister D K Aruna, housing minister Uttam Kumar Reddy and others accompanied the CM during his tour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16404025", "title": "Metro II delay: Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority warns of action", "text": "MUMBAI: After waiting for nearly three years for work to start on the second Metro route\u2014Charkop-Bandra-Mankhurd\u2014the MMRDA has warned the developer, Reliance Infrastructure, that it would initiate action if the latter failed to start work at the earliest.Citizens living in the western suburbs have already opposed the plan to have an elevated route for Metro II and want it to be made underground.Additional metropolitan commissioner SVR Srinivas, in a letter on September 6, said the administration \"might be constrained to initiate action in keeping with the agreement without prejudice to the MMRDA's right to claim damages for delay in commencement of the work\".The MMRDA sent the letter to Reliance without reportedly addressing any of the company's concerns. These include permission to build car depots at Mankhurd and Charkop only on stilt, which is a costly affair; no permission to wash trains at depots, making the project unfeasible for the developer; no civil aviation nod for a stretch of the elevated route near the Juhu airport; hurdles in the form of high-voltage electric lines and no rights to commercially exploit the route with 4 FSI, making the project a non-starter financially.Many suspect that the letter is the beginning of the process to scrap the second Metro line. The MMRDA claimed that it had already handed over 20 km without impediments to RInfra, including continuous stretches of 2-5 km for construction.A worried RInfra had written to the chief minister pointing out that non-fulfilment of the promises made under the concession agreement was not only delaying the project but also making it unviable for the company.Asked about the MMRDA's letter, a spokesperson for RInfra said: \"Commencement of work requires appropriate redress of the issues involved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16408704", "title": "PM Manmohan Singh warns policy logjam could slow growth to 5%, defends FDI in retail", "text": "NEW DELHI: After unleashing big bang reforms measures in the last two days, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Saturday said it will take \"courage and some risks\" to break the policy logjam and strongly favoured higher FDI and FII flows.Justifying the diesel price hike as an important step in the right direction, he said, rational energy pricing was critical and \"our energy prices are out of line with world prices\".In his opening remarks at the full Planning Commission meeting for approving the 12th Plan document, the Prime Minister spoke of three economic scenarios of \"strong inclusive growth\", \"insufficient action\" and \"policy logjam\" and said the country needed close to one trillion dollar investment in infrastructure sector during the period.\"I believe that we can make scenario I possible. It will take courage and some risks but it should be our endeavour to ensure that it materialises. The country deserves no less,\" he said.In big ticket reforms, the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs on Thursday decided to hike diesel prices and put a cap on supply of subsidised LPG cylinders while on Friday the Cabinet and CCEA cleared FDI in multi-brand retailing and aviation and disinvestment in four PSUs.Referring to high fiscal deficit and the need to bring it down, the Prime Minister said the 12th Plan projects a current account deficit of 2.9 per cent of GDP.\"This must be financed mainly through foreign direct investment (FDI) and foreign institutional investment (FII) flows so that reliance on external debt is limited. I believe we can attract the financing we need provided out fiscal deficit is seen to be coming under control and the growth momentum is regained\",he said.Singh said, energy is a difficult area where policy needs a comprehensive review. \"Rational energy pricing is therefore critical. Our energy prices are out of line with the world prices. The recent increase in diesel price is an important step in the right direction.\"The Prime Minister said the central message of the plan is that the objectives can be achieved provided policies that will take care of weaknesses put in place. For the first time the plan introduces three alternative scenarios.Under scenario I called \"strong inclusive growth\" one can expect a number of virtuous cycles to start operating leading to positive results on both growth and inclusion. \"This is the scenario we should aim for\".Scenario II, called \"insufficient action\", describes state of partial action with weak implementation. In this scenario, the virtuous cycles that reinforce growth in Scenario I, will not kick in, and growth can easily slow down to 6 to 6.5 per cent.Singh said inclusiveness will also suffer. \"This is where we will end up if we make only half-hearted efforts and slip in implementation. It is my sincere hope that we do not do so.\"Calling scenario III as \"policy logjam\", he said it reflects a situation where for one reason or another most of the policies needed to achieve scenario I are not taken.\"If this continues for any length of time, vicious cycles begin to set in and growth could easily collapse to about 5 per cent per year, with very poor outcomes on inclusion.\"I urge everyone interested in the country's future to understand fully the implications of this scenario. They will quickly come to an agreement that the people of India deserve better than this,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16405041", "title": "Vets swing into action to check foot-and-mouth disease outbreak", "text": "ITANAGAR: Following the reported death of six mithuns due to outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease (FMD) at Pungrung and Layang villages in Arunachal Pradesh's Kurung Kumey district in the last few weeks, a team of vets, along with required medicines, has been rushed to Sangram to check its outbreak.To fight the outbreak of FMD, district animal husbandry and veterinary officer Hage Taley has made the request for sending a team to the affected area. In addition to treatment, the team will also collect serum and tissue samples for virus isolation and typing, said Dr K Basar.FMD outbreak has also been reported from East and West Kameng districts. At least six mithuns reportedly died while many have fallen sick at Pungrung and Layang villages in Kurung Kumey in the last few days.Taley said a team led by Dr Gobin Karlo Riba, veterinary officer (Koloriang), is already camping at Sangram, and attending the affected animals. A ring vaccination is also carried out to create an immune belt within the controlled zone.The district veterinary officer, who is constantly keeping in touch with the working team and taking stock of the situation, urged livestock owners and the general public to cooperate with the team during treatment. FMD is a highly contagious viral disease of cloven-footed animals and there is an outbreak every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16404265", "title": "Rebuked for withdrawing money, BA student ends life", "text": "NAGPUR: Devastated father Shekhar Kudmethi, 42, is still to recover from the shock that his scolding led to the suicide of his eldest daughter Pooja. Shekhar was the first to see Pooja hanging from the ceiling at their residence in Tribal Colony near Byramji Town on Friday early morning.It has come to fore that 18-year-old Pooja, student of first year Arts stream, had withdrawn cash from his father's account from a bank on Wednesday. Pooja, eldest of four sisters, had convinced the bank staffers that the father was attending a meeting and needed the money for some emergency. She also signed on withdrawal slip in the bank on behalf of her father. She had withdrawn Rs 1500 out of Rs 2000 balance in the account. Why she withdrew the cash could not be known. Apparently, she had neither given it at home nor told anyone about it.Shekhar came to know of the withdrawal a day later and it left him infuriated. \"I was not able to locate the passbook when I needed it. So, I went to the bank to withdraw some amount when the bank employees told me about the withdrawal by my daughter,\" he said. Shekhar returned and scolded Pooja. He is also learnt to have slapped her twice. \"Can't a father punish daughter for anything,\" he asked sobbing uncontrollably.Family sources claimed Pooja was normal in the evening after being rebuked by father. The family had meals and there was no tension on her face while retiring to bed. The sight of Pooja hanging shook up Shekhar who immediately raised an alarm. The family rushed the girl to a private hospital and then to the Mayo hospital where she was declared dead.Sadar police reached the place on being informed. A case of accidental death has been registered. Police could not find any suicide note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16405219", "title": "India not to let Pak panel to cross-examine 26/11 witnesses", "text": "NEW DELHI: India may not allow Pakistani judicial commission to visit Mumbai for cross-examining witnesses of the 26/11 case until Islamabad gives it an assurance over the status of the bilateral agreement. During the ongoing consultation process over Pakistan's demand to send the judicial commission to Mumbai for the second time, officials here have discussed various pros and cons with a section within the government asking why Islamabad cannot move its trial court again citing an agreement between the two sovereign countries.\"Both the countries, in the first place, had agreed not to go ahead with the cross-examination process. Pakistan can tell this to its court, requesting to honour the bilateral agreement,\" said an official, giving an example of what India did in the case of Abu Salem when it had approached Portugal for its deportation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16405129", "title": "Tainted cop accused of ransacking Citu office", "text": "KOLKATA: An attempt by Trinamool Congress supporters to wrest control over a Citu office in Bagha Jatin - a part of former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee's Jadavpur assembly constituency - led to a clash between the supporters of both the parties on Thursday night. sparked tension on Thursday night, and again this morning. The tiff between the two started over a CITU- affiliated rickshaw-puller union office was attacked by the Trinamool Congress supporters on Wednesday who forcibly took control of the office.Locals alleged that 'tainted' policeman and Trinamool leader Tarak Das had led an attack on CPM supporters, including Citu leader Soumit Das, when they were holding a meeting at the office of Citu-affiliated rickshaw puller union on Thursday.Several shops remained shut on Friday and the residents were scared to speak out. \"We had to shut down our shops on Thursday when we saw around 200 Trinamool Congress supporters entering the Citu office at around 9:45pm. We opened our shops very late today,\" said a local shopkeeper. He also informed that a few days ago, the INTUC supporters forcibly covered the walls of the office with whitewash and also replaced the party symbols all over the place. The office has been cordoned off by the police and a patrolling team has been deployed in the area.\"The Trinamool supporters wanted Citu people to vacate the office for us. They refused triggering the tension,\" said Ganesh Sarkar, a rickshaw-puller, adding that the union, Garia-Jadavpur Rickshaw Van Chaloker Union, has requested the Citu supporters several times, before they turned to the local TMC leader for help.Meanwhile, the CPM supporters have lodged a complaint against Tarak Das and other TMC supporters with Patuli police station. \"Tarak Das was under suspension when he had ransacked the Citu office earlier. We will take action against him and the TMC supporters once we are done with the investigation,\" said the officials at Patuli police station.Tarak's name first came to the fore when he led an attack on journalists who were trying to report the ransacking of CPM's Jadavpur zonal party office during a Left declared transport strike on February 25. Police didn't arrest Tarak, even though his name was found in the FIR. A departmental enquiry was ordered against Tarak, but the DCP - who had ordered it - was transferred a few days later. A suspension order against Tarak was revoked on April 25 and three days later Tarak was accused of another assault, this time on a Trinamool Congress worker Pradip Ghosh. Tarak was later granted bail which also served as Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee's election headquarters,CPM supporters on Thursday arranged a meeting in the office where around 200 TMC supporters ransacked the office and started beating the CPM supporters, including the local CITU leader Soumit Das. And again, it is tainted policeman and Trinamool Congress leader Tarak Das who led the attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16404840", "title": "Commuters continue to bear the brunt in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: On Friday, Day Two of KSRTC employees' strike, Suresh of Malavalli got stranded at KSRTC bus stand. He was seen looking for alternative mode of transport to take his wife, who had a fractured arm, to a clinic on Sayyaji Rao Road here.Suresh was in for a shock when he went to hire an auto at the pre-fixed auto centre in the bus stand, as the driver demanded Rs 60 to take him to a clinic, which was less than 2km from the bus stand. \"Earlier, I was only charged Rs 25. But this driver is demanding more than the double fare,\" Suresh told TOI as he waited for his friend after summoning him there to bail him out. Suresh had come to the city with his family in a private transport vehicle.In another case, Palaniswamy of Nagamangala was seen busy enquiring with auto drivers near the city bus stand to reach Chamundi Hills. \"I want to go to Chamundi Hills, but there are no buses. I'm looking for transport vehicles, including autos, to reach there. But auto drivers are demanding more,\" he said.More or less, this was the agony of most of those who bore the brunt of KSRTC employees' strike. A section of auto drivers maintained that they were not charging \"extra\" from passengers. Suresh and Srinivas, auto drivers stationed near Mysore Palace, claimed that they are not taking advantage of the situation. \"Moreover, people are not seen outside following the protest. We have not been having business in the last two days,\" they said.Pvt buses in govt bus standFor the first time in the recent past, private buses operated from the government bus stand on Friday. Following the protest, private vehicle owners picked up passengers from inside the bus stand.Maxi Cab Owners' Association secretary Purushotham S D Pandavapura said that they are running vehicles to various places like Bangalore, Mandya and Kodagu. They have been asked by KSRTC authorities to use the bus stand to facilitate passengers. Nanjundaswamy B L, a bus driver, said that they are not charging more from passengers as being reported in a section of media. \"Also, not many passengers are travelling,\" he added.Girl students face the heatA bunch of 18 students from State Home for Girls on Friday trekked for over 3km to reach their school. They hadn't attended class on Thursday following the strike.Shewatha, a Class X student, said that they came trekking to People's Park Govt Girls' High School. \"We came because revision classes are underway for the mid-term exam scheduled for September 24,\" she said.Of the 18, six each are studying in Std VIII, IX and X. Hema, Padma and 15 others shared their ordeal in reaching the school covering the busy stretch.High school vice-principal Mohan R said that only 400 of the 692 students are pass holders. \"About 20% students remained absent on Thursday, while it was 60% on Friday. Only 295 students attended the classes. We haven't received any communication from their department head on suspending classes due to inconvenience,\" he said. The school head, however, said that they have been suspending the day's last class for the last two days to facilitate the students to reach home early.Thin attendance in classesThere were only 20 students at Govt Girls' PU College on Chamaraja Double Road on Friday. \"Of the 247, only 20 turned up for classes,\" said college principal T S Srikant Sharma. But for five students, all others take buses to reach the college. Majority are from faraway places like Ramabainagar, Udayagiri and from neighbouring villages. They, however, continued teaching despite thin attendance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16404549", "title": "Compensation to kin of man beaten to death by cops", "text": "LUCKNOW: Minister of State for Zoological Gardens Shiv Pratap Yadav met the family members of Kallu Pasi, who was allegedly beaten to death by four constables of the Malihabad police station. Yadav handed over Rs 20,000 to the widow of Kallu and assured the family members he will try to raise the financial assistance further. Kallu's wife Guddi lodged an FIR against the four constables here at Malihabad police station on Friday. Guddi stated in her FIR that constables Sujit Verma and Akhilesh Kumar along with two other constables had beaten up her husband and chased him which resulted in his death.During his visit, several villagers complained to the minister about extortion by the police in the village. They claimed that the four constables were trying to extort money from Kallu. The minister assured the villagers immediate action against the guilty cops. The minister had come to take stock of the situation on the directives of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , an official communique said.42-year-old Kallu Pasi, booked for manufacturing spurious liquor, was allegedly beaten to death by four constables of the Malihabad police station on Wednesday morning. He was resident of Ghola village, Dular Mau locality in Malihabad police station area.Villagers had staged a road block demanding adequate compensation to the kin of the deceased and action against the four constables, identified as Sujit Verma, Akhilesh, Sukhraj and Subhash Chandra , posted at the Malihabad police station.Police tried to cover up saying it was a case of drowning. Spokesperson of the Senior Superintendent of Police, quoting the Malihabad police, said that Kallu, an illegal manufacturer of liquor, while being chased by police, fell in a nullah and drowned.Later on the day, SSP RK Chaturvedi had told TOI that the four constables had been suspended. He had said that the cops had gone to the spot where Kallu was manufacturing illegal liquor without informing any of the senior officials. But, he said the four constables chased Kallu, who fell into the nullah, but the cops did not notice that he had drowned, said the SSP quoting reports from senior officials in Malihabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "16404326", "title": "Two held for selling woman to physically-challenged man", "text": "BHANDARA: A young woman, who was sold to a Kota-based physically-challenged man by her neighbours, returned home with help from Sakoli police.The victim told the police that she was lured by her neighbours and was married off without the consent of her parents.A resident of villaga Katendhara in taluka Sakoli, the victim belongs to the economically-backward fishing community.Chetan Pareta, the agent who offered Rs 55,000 and took the woman to Kota in Rajasthan, got her married to a man without a hand and legs.The victim further alleged that she was being tortured to become pregnant after which she was to be sold to a brothel owner in Agra.Sensing more trouble, the woman made a call to a villager who informed her parents. A complaint was lodged with the Sakoli police. A team was sent to Kota and the girl was brought back.Agent Pareta and his accomplice were arrested. During investigation, the main accused told the police that one of his accomplice (Gopi) is from Gondia.Talking to TOI, Sakoli ASP, Abhinav Deshmukh said that girls from poor families are lured with money and are either taken to Jalgaon or Kota and sold to people whose family backgrounds are not revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16404608", "title": "Green energy device for power needs", "text": "MADURAI: With the intention of providing uninterrupted power supply through green energy, a hybrid model of utilising wind and solar energy was launched by Borg Inc in Madurai on Friday. Borg's off-grid power generation system combines solar PV panel with a small wind turbine. The system was born in NASA's heliophysics science laboratory in Washington with more than 10 years of experience, company sources said. The product is claimed to recover only the differential current from the grid supply and helps reduces the power tariff besides providing uninterrupted power supply for residences. Further it is said to save 0.82 kg of CO2 emission equivalent for every 1 kw/h generated, they said.Launching the product, Boaz Augustine of Borg said that the system is available in both smart-grid and off-grid models though the smart grid is yet to be introduced in India. Their first project in India was the most demanding and challenging task with Power Grid Corporation of India Ltd in association with the state government to generate off-grid hybrid alternative power through wind turbine and solar panels for lighting the Vellore Fort controlled by the Archaeological Survey of India, spreading over an area of 133 acres. \"We wanted to have a model in the country to prove our efficiency and the Borg products are proven across the globe in United States, Europe and China,\" he said. They also have more than 75 international patents and quality certifications for the product, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16404628", "title": "Amrita Pritam\u2019s son murdered", "text": "MUMBAI: Navraj Kwatra, son of the late Punjabi writer Amrita Pritam, was murdered in broad daylight inside his Borivli studio on Friday. The 65-year-old film producer-photographer had been gagged and bound, and the police believe he was either strangled or smothered to death.\"Though Kwatra lived at Andheri, he used to often come to his studio in Wilderness Apartments in Borivli's LIC Colony,\" said DCP Mahesh Patil \"On Friday, his neighbours saw two young men visit him around 12.30 pm. Some time later, they heard a piercing shriek but weren't sure where it had come from. Some rushed to the upper floors of the building, but soon learnt that the screams were coming from Kwatra's studio on the ground floor. They rushed downstairs and rang his doorbell but there was no response.\"Some residents then decided to look in from a rear window. As they moved to the rear of the building, the two assailants stepped out of the main entrance. A woman from the upper floor raised an alarm but nobody pursued the duo.On entering Kwatra's studio, the residents found him lying gagged and bound, and summoned the police. A gift-wrapped parcel was found lying in the studio, indicating that the assailants might have used it to enter the house. Kwatra had shifted from Delhi some time ago. He was basically an architect, and his interest was more in documentation. He was writing a lot and had an interest in children's stories. Kwatra had floated his own production company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403281", "title": "Consumers cheer FDI, traders protest", "text": "MUMBAI: Friday's announcement by the central government allowing 51% foreign direct investment (FDI) in the multi-brand retail segment has evoked mixed reactions from consumers and small traders.The average customer may be spoilt for choice given that international retail outlets often remain open 24/7 and source items from good quality, trusted suppliers. However, small neighbourhood kirana stores may be sacrificed at the altar of convenience.\"It will come as a welcome relief from the adulteration, cheating tactics and rude behaviour perpetrated by local vendors. If I can walk into a store at any time, day or night, choose a good quality product, pay the right price and be treated well, what more can I ask,\" said Kshama Mehta, a homemaker from Kandivli.FDI in multi-brand retail will bring giants like Walmart and Tesco into the neighbourhood, offering everything from food items to garments, machinery and chemicals\u2014all under one roof.Mihir Mehta, who has been supplying goods to the organized retail sector, feels the customer will have the convenience of shopping for quality products at their time of choice.Kirana stores and traders' bodies are up in arms against the decision. \"The Federation of Associations of Maharashtra (FAM), the parent body of various industry associations, will meet on Saturday to work out a protest strategy,\" said FAM secretary Arun Doshi. FAM president Mohan Gurnani said, \"The government has sold national interest despite objection from opposition parties and traders.\"Businessman Viren Shah, who is among those who spearheaded an agitation against 51% FDI some time ago, said, \"Traders will protest the decision nationwide. We will make sure that a majority of states do not permit FDI.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16403361", "title": "Why do so many netas have coal blocks, Supreme Court questions", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday asked the Centre to explain in eight weeks its policy guidelines on coal block allocation and the actual process adopted for 194 coal mines which have been faulted by the Comptroller and Auditor General for causing undue gains to private players.\"This is not distribution of state properties in a small way. It is mines of largesse, not even tonnes of largesse. By the way, is it a mere coincidence that so many politicians, their relatives or supporters were benefited in the 194 coal block allotments,\" a bench of Justices R M Lodha and A R Dave asked solicitor general R F Nariman.The remark from the bench, which can potentially add sting to the opposition's offensive over Coalgate and give jitters to the beneficiaries of controversial allocation of coal blocks, came on a PIL filed by advocate M L Sharma urging the court to cancel the 194 allocations on the ground that the allotment process was arbitrary, illegal, unconstitutional and against public interest.The justices, who appeared to be aware of not just the magnitude of the \"scam\" but also the names who have been generating headlines in connection with Coalgate, had some searching questions for the solicitor general: something that led many to wonder whether the stage was being set for a judicial intervention which may surpass in scale the apex court's monitoring of CBI's investigation into the 2G scam.In fact, Justices Lodha and Dave did not agree with Nariman when he argued that while the petitioner had based his PIL on the CAG report, the findings of the federal auditor could not be deemed to be final until those had been scrutinized by Parliament's PAC and debated by the two Houses.SC: Won't encroach upon PAC's exerciseThe same bench of Supreme Court Justices R M Lodha and A R Dave which took up a PIL on coal block allocations on Friday had earlier turned down a PIL seeking its intervention on the basis of CAG's critique of private players who have been operating Delhi and Mumbai airports. It said the logic did not work in the case of Coalgate.\"We are not on the correctness of the CAG report. But will it be wrong for a petitioner to rely on the CAG report to question the correctness of government's action,\" the bench said, adding, \"The question before the court is two-fold \u2014 whether there was illegality in the allotment of coal blocks and what action be initiated under criminal laws? We are sorry. The PAC's exercise on the CAG report is different from the court's process. We do not want to encroach upon PAC's exercise. This is a matter which requires explanation from the government.\"When the SG said the CBI was already investigating the matter, the bench said, \"We know the CBI is already investigating. That is why we are limiting the notice to the coal ministry to the petitioner's first prayer which is for cancellation of the coal block allotments. This is not a distribution of state properties in a small scale.\"The bench added, \"Many may not be involved in the irregular allotment. We do not know. Some may perfectly deserve. It is for the government to answer all these questions whether guidelines were followed for an objective scrutiny.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407965", "title": "National trail advocacy competition", "text": "While moot courts are a common practice in law schools, a Mumbai based law college has reinvented the competition to train students in trial advocacy. Ruchi Kumar reportsPravin Gandhi College of Law (PGCL) takes moot courts competitions beyond the usual brouhaha, into a platform for investigative legal rehearses. The Nyayavalokan national trial advocacy competition, will be giving law students the opportunity to flex their investigative muscles and 'crack' criminal cases based on evidences given to them.Organised for the last three years in a row, this event is a flagship event of the Moot Court Society (MCS) at PGCL. \"Most law colleges focus on conducting and participating in moot courts to supplement legal academics. We want our students and other participants to be able to inculcate other complementary skills for trial like witness interrogation, scrutiny of relevant documents, analytical case presentation in the backdrop of criminal law,\" explains LR Dwevedi, principal, PGCL. \"This event is a simulation of sorts that will help participants grasp the rules of evidence, how to find contradictions, and create a case based on deduction and analysis.\"Members of the MCS go out of their way to make the experience as real as possible. While the crime scene and evidences that are 'created' seem much like out of an episode of Law and Order, the cases themselves can be compared to a Jeffery Archer novel. Shanay Shah, member of the organising committee, quips, \"Trial is a stepping stone for budding law students as it not just teaches you the facets of examination and evidence, but the actual experience of examining witnesses, formulating sound impromptu arguments can be very enriching.\"This event has been coupled with a judgment writing competition. \"One member of the participating teams will only observe the trial, without involving themselves in anyway with the procedure, following which they will prepare a judgment based on their inferences of the trial,\" explains Shah. Dwivedi elaborates,\"Such an event allows the novice to observe a case with a balanced view rather than from one side. It allows one to develop the perspective of a litigative lawyer and skills for a balanced argument.\"The response to the event has been steadily rising, as witnessed by the demand to increase the number of participation accepted. \"Lawyers these days are being trained for the corporate world; however we strongly believe that the role of a lawyer is primarily in the court room rather than a boardroom. The crux of our initiatives, including Nyayavalokan, aims to equip students with skills necessary to combat challenges of the real legal world,\" concludes Dwivedi.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403763", "title": "Kurla locals get relief from illegal parking", "text": "MUMBAI: In a victory for residents of a lane in Kurla, they will no longer have to deal with illegally parked trucks, generator vans and commercial vehicles.Following a petition filed in the high court, the collector of Mumbai used a special law under the Criminal Procedure Code to direct the traffic police to remove the illegally parked vehicles.\"It has been pointed out that trucks, scrap tempos, generator vans and vehicles coming for servicing to a service centre are being illegally parked on the road from Priyadarshini Circle to Bunter Bhavan Road, causing obstruction to traffic,\" said the collector, adding: \"They also pose a health risk and cause pollution.\"Relying on Section 133 of the CrPC, the collector has ordered removal of the illegally parked vehicles in three days. \"This is a little known rule, which gives the collector wide-ranging powers to remove public nuisance\u2014be it illegally parked vehicles, goods stored in an unauthorized manner or hawkers who cause obstruction,\" said advocate Pradeep Havnur, counsel for petitioner Leela Shetty, a trustee of Bunts Sangh.On Thursday, a division bench of Justices A M Khanwilkar and R Dhanuka was informed of the collector's orders. The petitioners also told the court that once the vehicles were removed, they had permission to undertake beautification of the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16405048", "title": "Mumbai battles one for the road, one for the hearth", "text": "Abhilash Joshi can't understand how the government calculated six LPG cylinders for a family. Many people live in joint families like Joshi and use 10 cylinders a year.\"My family needs a minimum of 10 cylinders a year, which means four above subdisided ones. I think my additional burden would be around Rs 1,380 a year, provided rates of subsidized cylinders remain stable,\" said the Bhandup resident who lives in a family of five.His sister Sandhya Marathe, Borivli resident, plans to replace LPG with piped natural gas. It is necessary , she says, due to increasing LPG costs whose rationed subsidy would put an extra burden of at least Rs 110 per month as her family too uses 10 cylinders a year. If the entire subsidy is lifted, the burden would be over Rs 3,000.\"The expenses could be more as eight cylinders a year is the minimum requirement. I don't understand the logic of rationing the use of six cylinders for a year per family or connection. National average of each cylinder lasting for 42 days is not logical,\" says Ajinkya Sharma, a Juhu resident.Pratap Doshi, president, All India LPG Distributors' Federation said there is confusion over keeping account of six cylinders per connection. \"There is no established fool-proof method to evolve such a system. There are apprehensions if it can be implemented successfully or not. We are awaiting further directions from the government,\" Doshi said.How the LPG hike will affect youOne LPG cylinder lasts an will have to spend Rs 690 extra average household for around a year or Rs 58 per month one-and-half months, so it will require eight cylinders a year A family of four consumes 0.5 units of PNG everyday or Six cost Rs 425 each, the 16 to 17 units every month. At next two will cost Rs 770 each Rs 20 per unit, the bill in one-So an average household and-a-half months is Rs 500How the diesel hike will affect youIf your office is 25 km from At an average of about 12 km home, then you have to travel a per litre of diesel for your MUV, minimum 50 km daily. monthly consumption comes to Considering private offices around 100-105 litres have 25 working days, the total A Rs 5-hike in each litre of distance you travel a month is diesel, means an extra spending around 1250 km of over Rs 500 to 525 a monthLPG housesMumbai region | 55L City | 30LPNG housesMumbai region | 6L City | 4.5LDiesel, LPG hikes fuel inflation firesHotels to watchFood and drinks in the city's restaurants and bars won't be costlier for now. \"We will decide after five to six months on how to go about it. There will not be any immediate hike,\" said Sudhakar Shetty, president of Ahar, an association of over 7,000 restaurants and bars in city. \"Though for a certain period the hospitality industry can sustain the hike, over a period of time it will reflect on menu cards. The industry is already facing loss of business and clientele due to inflation,\" sources in the industry said.Essentials to be dearerYou may have to pay at least 10% more on milk, vegetables, fruits and other essential commodities in the next few days as transporters on Friday hiked freight charges by as much as 15%.All-India Motor Transport Congress president Bal Malkit Singh said, \"We are left with no option but to immediately hike freight charges for transporting various goods, including essential commodities. The hike will be in the range of 8-15 %.\" President of Retail Transporters Association of Navi Mumbai, Murlidhar Pawar, said on Friday, \"Our association has 370 tempo owners who manage over 1,500 large vehicles. The latest diesel hike has forced us to increase our rates by around 15%.\" He said there will be an increase of Rs 5 for every food item weighing 50kg transported to a distance of 30 km. Till Thursday, transporters charged Rs 30 to Rs 40 for this distance, now it will be between Rs 35 to Rs 45. \"There are two more transporters groups working from APMC wholesale market at Vashi; they too are discussing a similar hike in their basic charges,\" he informed.Transporters' stir from TueTransporters will go on a chakka jam from Tuesday to protest against the steep fuel hike. \"Transporters' associations are holding an emergency meeting and plan to suspend truck operations on various sectors from Tuesday,\" all- India Motor Transport Congress president Bal Malkit Singh said. Essential services will, however, be exempted from the stir. A chakka jam could affect the real estate and manufacturing sector as supply of raw materials, cement and steel could be hit, sources said. Bombay Goods Transport association president Sunil Kale said, \"We are demanding an immediate rollback of VAT on diesel, which is 24 % in Mumbai. It will bring down transportation costs and come as a relief to consumers.\"Only 1 shift at petrol pump", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16405128", "title": "'Match-fixing' by Cong, Trinamool on diesel hike: Karat", "text": "KOLKATA: CPM general secretary Prakash Karat on Friday termed Trinamool Congress claims of not being consulted on the diesel and LPG price rise as \"match-fixing\". \"Three days back the Cabinet Committee of Political Affairs (CCPA) had said it was to figure on its agenda. Trinamool is part of the committee. They will skip not attend the cabinet meeting and then say take a plea that they were not told,\" Karat said.\"The Trinamool Congress is an ally of the UPA. And no such decision can be taken without taking the allies in confidence. Congress doesn't have a majority,\" Karat said while speaking at a party function to commemorate the birth centenary celebrations of CPM's founder general-secretary P Sitaramaiah at Pramode Dasgupta Bhawan.Earlier, speaking to the reporters at the NSCBI airport, Karat said: \"The CPM will hold discussions with other parties before launching a stir pressing for a rollback. Both the decisions of hiking the diesel price and restricting the supply of subsidized cooking to six cylinders per household in a year will hit the common man hard. CPM has already criticised the decision of the Centre. We are going to discuss with other parties as to how to organise a common movement to demand the rollback of the decision.\"Karat's statement also found resonance in the CPM's three-day extended state committee meeting, which began on Friday. In a statement, CPM not only stopped at saying that Trinamool can't shun from its responsibility, it also said till the time the Centre makes a rollback, the state can very well withdraw the state component embedded in the prices. \"The state also stands to benefit from the price increase,\" it said. Left Front chairman Biman Bose has already announced a series of agitation programmes in the state from Saturday.State Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya also pointed why Union railway minister Mukul Roy chose to remain absent from the crucial cabinet meetings. \"We all know it is a tough decision but sometimes tough decisions need to be taken. Trinamool, being our ally at the Centre, needs to be more sensible rather than trying to score political points \" Bhattacharjee added. \"If they plan to launch agitations against the central government, then we can also launch stir against the wrongdoings and policies of the state government,\" Bhattacharjee added. Asked about the TMC's charges of not being informed about the decision, he said: \"This is rubbish. They have a cabinet minister (Mukul Roy). All the important decisions are taken in the cabinet. Why does he always remain absent from the cabinet meeting?\"\"Does he need a special invitation to be present at the cabinet meeting? Most of the times when there is a cabinet meeting, he stays in Kolkata and then Trinamool will say they were not informed. What is this?\" he said.BJP workers, on Friday morning, burned the effigy of PM Manmohan Singh and blocked roads in several parts of the state demanding rollback of diesel price hike and restoration of full subsidy on LPG cylinders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bangalkot", "code": "16405515", "title": "Water to Kalasakoppa Lake following farmers' protest", "text": "BANGALKOT: Following the instructions of ministers Govind Karjol and Murugesh Nirani, deputy commissioner A M Kunjappa and assistant commissioner Govind Reddy visited farmers who were protesting in front of the divisional controller office.The farmers have been on strike demanding release of water to Kalasakoppa Lake.After holding a discussion with the agitating farmers, the DC assured them that the district administration had already released 2,000 cusec of water from Ghataprabha right bank canal, which is 117km away, and that water would reach Kalasakoppa Lake on Saturday. After Kalasakoppa, the water will flow to Budni, Dadanati, Kadaragoppa and Anwal from GRBC canal.The farmers, however, did not call off their agitation even after the assurance.The deputy commissioner had to issue an instruction to the DHO to shift one of the agitating farmers who is ill to hospital for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "imagine the delhi metro experience without the ubiquitous plastic - the blue metro card that you swipe to get into a station and to get out. if that's withdrawn and instead of using the card you now have to stand in a queue and buy tickets each time you catch a train, imagine the experience. what is currently viewed as efficient, if not pleasurable, breeze through, would then become a nightmare with long lines at ticket counters, jostling at entry points and perhaps fisticuffs, given that delhi is often on a short fuse. now do you know why the experience at the gurgaon expressway toll gate sucks? because plastic just does not work there. there's no respect for the tag lane through which passage should be easy if your car has the tag or if you have a plastic card to swipe. in fact, lane discipline has been so hopelessly bad here that even the expressway concessionaire, dsc, has stopped promoting sale of tags. the result", "code": "16404895", "title": "Run expressway the electronic way", "text": "Imagine the Delhi Metro experience without the ubiquitous plastic - the blue Metro card that you swipe to get into a station and to get out. If that's withdrawn and instead of using the card you now have to stand in a queue and buy tickets each time you catch a train, imagine the experience. What is currently viewed as efficient, if not pleasurable, breeze through, would then become a nightmare with long lines at ticket counters, jostling at entry points and perhaps fisticuffs, given that Delhi is often on a short fuse. Now do you know why the experience at the Gurgaon Expressway toll gate sucks? Because plastic just does not work there. There's no respect for the tag lane through which passage should be easy if your car has the tag or if you have a plastic card to swipe. In fact, lane discipline has been so hopelessly bad here that even the expressway concessionaire, DSC, has stopped promoting sale of tags. The result: cars and trucks drive into each other across lanes, drivers fumble for change at the toll windows , there's incessant honking, illtempered toll collectors - in short, a hoary experience.DSC, the company that built an otherwise swanky highway and operates it, says it is helpless. That's also been the consistent response of the police and government officials mandated to supervise the highway. The traffic is so heavy and indisciplined that there's little we can do, they say. In other words, the Gurgaon toll gate is as broke as broke can be, but no one's prepared to fix it. An exasperated court has finally suspended tolling and called upon all stake holders to find a solution.What can the solution be? TOI senior editors, especially those who experience the toll torture every day, sat for hours to think of solutions. Editors and staffers met the stake holders - the NHAI, the concessionaire, traffic police, and users - to learn about the problem. The learning was thin: overall, there's despair at the overall hopelessness of the situation. We too despaired. Until someone mentioned the Metro: how the Metro too is awfully crowded and yet how well it is managed. And the penny dropped. The solution was possibly staring us in the face - go electronic, stupid!Here's how. If the expressway guys were to take a leaf out of the Delhi Metro experience and go full blast in giving out tags, cards, stickers - and whatever else it takes to let cars cruise past toll gates - and make electronic the mandatory way of passage at the toll gate, the situation could change. Before you balk at the seeming impracticability of the solution, let us explain.Currently, nearly 2 lakh vehicles use the toll road daily. Only a fraction of them have tags. Those who possess tags wonder why they had even bothered to get these because everyone else is in the tag lanes, holding up traffic. The incentive to buy tags is gone. It must be reincentivized. What's a better way than making them mandatory.To make tags mandatory they have to be easily accessible. Like the Metro does, tags and touch cards should be sold at multiple places: petrol pumps, malls, kiosks, even kirana shops. That way, even casual users of the expressway will be encouraged to get tags and cards, knowing full well that it will smoothen the journey. But what happens to really infrequent users? Well, if you're coming from Jaipur, for example, there should be several clearly marked places where touch cards are sold, for various denominations, for different periods, as well as for a single journey. So, with the electronic pass, you breeze past the toll gate.There is always the argument that ill-behaved or ignorant drivers will still head for the toll gate without any electronic pass - tag, swipe card, or barcoded paper. They should be allowed to pass through and then be escorted by firm marshals (with police backing) to the nearest kiosk selling plastic or paper cards, made to wait for five or ten minutes and then told to pay up. The simple point is that the boor or the dumb just can't be allowed to hold up traffic between Delhi and its buzziest suburb or scupper a world-class facility.  An electronic option that's revolutionized everything from inventory management to retail shopping is the bar-coded slip. Why can't booklets with bar codes of different denominations be sold across the stretch of neighbourhoods along the e-way ? All drivers have to do is either hand in the slip of paper containing the bar code or better still hold it against a bar code scanner for the toll gate to open. No notes, no coins, no chik-chik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16404023", "title": "Strict checks in store for smooth auto &amp; taxi ride", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior officials of the rank of assistant RTO and above will have to compulsorily conduct a second round of inspections on at least 20% of autoricksaws and taxis arriving for fitness tests every day.This has been outlined in a recent directive from state transport commissioner V N More, who wants to ensure that rickety autos and taxis are taken off the roads.RTO inspectors will conduct the first round of inspection. This includes checking of chassis, engine etc for three minutes and headlamps, brakelamps, horns, reflectors and paint for another three minutes. Then, the vehicle will be driven for four minutes to ascertain if it makes for a smooth drive.The senior officials will take over after the first round. They will randomly select at least 20% of the autos and taxis and cross-check for any flaws. \"The entire process will be foolproof. It will now be difficult for autos and taxis to get fitness certificates if there is any flaw in the vehicle,\" More said. He added that the measures were being undertaken to ensure that the commuter enjoyed a safe and smooth ride in autos and taxis in the city.The RTOs have also been directed to take 15 minutes for the inspection of private cars, 19 minutes for trucks and 24 minutes for buses.Auto union leader Thampy Kurien, however, alleged that RTO officials had in the past cleared a vehicle as \"fit\" within a minute without conducting proper checks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16407962", "title": "Deccan Chargers franchise terminated by BCCI", "text": "MUMBAI: The Deccan Chargers franchise, embroiled in serious financial mess, has been terminated by the BCCI.The board took the decision to cancel its contract with DC after an emergency governing council meeting late on Friday evening.On Thursday, the tender floated by Chargers to look for potential bidders saw only one bidder -- PVP Ventures -- coming forward, with a Rs 900 cr offer, which was eventually rejected.The board had kept Saturday, September 15, 5 pm, as the deadline for DC to find a solution for itself. However, top officials of the BCCI took a call almost 24 hours before the deadline, and terminated the franchise.DC was bought by Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd in 2008 for $107m. In the last two years, the franchise, owned and run by DCHL chairman T Venkatram Reddy and his family, ran into serious financial mess and was mortgaged with a consortium of private and public sector banks.For lack of funds, Chargers had also delayed the payments of its IPL players for the year 2012.Estimates say DCHL's total exposure towards banks and other financial institutions stands at a baffling Rs 5000 crore. On Friday, after the PVP bid was rejected, it is learnt the bankers had met to discuss a last minute strategy to convince the BCCI to allow them to run the franchise.However, the BCCI did not wait for too long and instead took the call to terminate the franchise.It is to be waited and seen what DCH's reaction will be and if BCCI will float a fresh tender to invite bids for a new franchise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16405245", "title": "Another kid succumbs to fever, toll 31", "text": "KANPUR: The death toll taken by fever ne crossed 30 with report of one more death in the Pediatric department of Lala Lajpat Rai hospital here on Friday. Raj Kumari (3) from Ghatampur was brought to Bal Rog Hospital at LLR seven days ago. She was suffering from fever and died during treatment here on Friday. The official figure of epidemic deaths in the city is now 31. Dr RP Yadav, HOD of pediatric ward said fluctuating temperature caused her death as heavy antibiotic doses had also made her weak. But, she showed no symptoms of dengue or malaria, said the doctor.More than 200 new viral patients visited OPDs of various district hospitals on Friday, compelling authorities of Ursala Horseman Hospital to extend the OPD timings from 2 pm to 3 pm.\"The queue of patients was long and each of them was critical. Majority of them were suffering from viral fever and malaria,\" informed Dr Shailendra Tiwari, additional chief medical superintendent of UHM.He added that if there was no let-up in the number of patients on Saturday, the OPD will be extended again.The UHM OPD will also remain open on Sundays. According to the doctors, patients coming to the hospital belonging to rural areas and in majority of them the platelets count is very low.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chitradurga / bijapur", "code": "16405547", "title": "PHC workers take out rally", "text": "CHITRADURGA / BIJAPUR: Hundreds of health workers, both senior and junior, serving in various primary health centres (PHCs) and sub-centres took out a rally on the main roads of the town to draw the attention of the government to their plight.Led by KG Jagadeesh, district president of Karnataka Government Employees Association (KGEA), the group converged near the deputy commissioner's office and held a meeting to demand regular payment of monthly salaries, payment of allowances as paid to medical officers serving in hospitals, removal of discrimination in payment of basic salaries and implementation of union government's norm of a medical worker for every 3,000 population among others.After submitting a memorandum to the DC, they walked to the district health office and staged a daylong dharna.In Bijapur too, more tan 500 senior and junior health assistants from five taluks in the district participated in the token strike. Health Assistants Association's Bijapur district unit president B S Biradar and secretary V G Umadi submitted a memorandum to the district health officer..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16405202", "title": "Pothole helpline gets 82 calls in two days", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation's special helpline to register complaints regarding potholes in the city received as many as 82 calls on the first two days.\"Calls were received from across the city. Residents complained about potholes that surfaced due to rains and also about those that were existing before the start of the monsoon,\" an official from the PMC's road department said. The 24x7 'potholes helpline' received 35 complaints on Thursday, while 47 complaints were received on Friday.Citizens calling the helpline - 020-25501083 - have to inform the exact location of a pothole and the PMC has said that it will repair the same within 24 hours. It has appointed staff in three shifts to address the problem.However, some of the complainants were not happy with the helpline. \"It is a good initiative, but the municipal corporation should have enough staff to implement the scheme. We lodged a complaint, but even after 24 hours, the potholes in our locality have not been repaired,\" a resident said.The PMC has appealed to citizens to provide their cellphone numbers while registering complaints so that civic officials can inform them after the repairs are carried out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16402904", "title": "Battleground JNU: ABVP member alleges rival attack", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jawaharlal Nehru University elections are not always about ideas. Fists get involved too. All went well on Friday with the students' union polls seeing a voter turnout of 57%, but the level of peace dipped considerably by evening with one contestant alleging that he was bashed over the head with a drum.Sandeep Kumar Singh, backed by Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), alleged he had been hit by Shakeel Anjum of the ultra Left, All India Student Association (AISA). Both are contesting for the position of general secretary. Singh said the incident happened after polling closed, around 5.45pm. \"We were both shouting slogans and he attacked me with a drum,\" said Singh.However, AISA had a different version to offer. A member present at that moment said when AISA shouted slogans against the \"rioters of Gujarat,\" ABVP apparently replied, \"Ek mauka aur do. (Give us another chance).\" \"Sandeep Singh grabbed Shakeel's collar. They tried to beat Shakeel but we rescued him and left the place,\" the member said.\"Shakeel's been on campus since 2007 and he's had a clean record. He could never do such a thing. They were attacking him because he's a minority community student,\" said former JNUSU president and AISA member, Sucheta De.Left and Right campaigned vigourously though most students seemed to have come with their minds made up. \"I came to JNU in 2007, the last year elections happened before the ban. I've seen the whole struggle and know exactly who did what. I have already decided who to vote for,\" says Ruchira Bhattacharya, second-year Phd fellow of geography. Student groups could only hope to sway the \"when-in-doubt\" cases. The new SFI-JNU-AISF alliance members campaigned vigourouly as did NSUI.For Mayank Krishna, Kumar Saurabh and Naveen Kumar, it was an effortless victory. The last two weren't even on campus. They slid into the three seats for councillors at the School of Environmental Sciences, winning 'uncontested.' \"The issues I raised went beyond party lines. They were school-specific issues. There's a shortage of instruments and chemicals in our laboratory, our library is not well-stocked, there's no first-aid box, no placement centre,\" said Krishna, a second-year student, taking a break from a relaxing chat with friends outside the centre while other contestants campaigned till they foamed at the mouth. Kumar and Krishna are ABVP-backed; Saurav is an independent.Santosh Kumar Yadav, who is visually impaired, is contesting for position of councillor in the School of Languages. His rival for the seat, Manish Patel is helping him campaign. Yadav has brought certain unique issues to the fore \u2014 single-seater rooms for the blind as they use audio material and better accessibility for the physically-challenged. Yadav, an Mphil student of Hindi translation is backed by All India Backward Student Forum (AIBSF).This was the second election conducted by JNU this year. The March election, which was held after a hiatus of four years, recorded a voter turnout of 61%. This time, the figure slipped by four percentage points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407517", "title": "Drama songs; huge hit on youtube", "text": "Songs of Yogaraj Bhatt's film 'Drama' which are uploaded in bits and pieces on youtube , starring Yash and Radhika Pandit are gaining huge hits everyday. But the audio release is getting delayed and anxious fans are eagerly waiting for the release.Promo of Chendutiya song from the movie was uploaded on you tube and has already crossed 25000 hits. \"We were sure of the success, says Anand.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16405261", "title": "Govt to develop 55 more towns", "text": "PATNA: The state government has decided to develop an additional 55 towns, including two famous tourist places Gaya and Rajgir. At present 29 cities are covered under the Support Programme for Urban Reforms (SPUR) funded by the Department For International Development (DIFD), UK.Bihar's urban development and housing minister Prem Kumar made this announcement at the inaugural session of the daylong, national-level conference on \"Developing urban economies of Bihar\" here on Friday. The urban development and housing department organized the conference as a part of the ongoing SPUR, in collaboration with the Asian Development Research Institute (ADRI), Patna, and the International Growth Centre, UK.Kumar said: \"We will like to include all 42 municipal bodies and 86 'nagar panchayats' in this integrated development plan of towns and cities in the next phase.\" The department has taken initiatives to make larger cities and town attractive for private sector investment.As a part of SPUR, an urban economic survey was carried, according to which 49% towns want to develop as agro-processing and trading hubs, 15% as educational hubs, 11% as tourism-based towns and another 11% see their future as industrial towns, the minister said.CM Nitish Kumar could not inaugurate the conference, but his message was read out, in which he said that the workshop would provide a platform to share the Bihar story and learn from others on managing planned and inclusive urbanization.\"Bihar's vision ... is to develop cities and towns of the state as growth centres, promoting competitive economic value chains and balanced spatial and economic development leading to household income growth and reduction in poverty,\" the CM said. He said the urban local bodies must become aware of their role and responsibilities.DFID, India head Sam Sharpe told TOI on the sidelines of the conference that he was satisfied with the pace of work in all ongoing projects in Bihar. \"We are working in 29 cities of Bihar, which will continue for another four years. After the completion of work, an independent evaluation team would assess the quality of work done at all such places,\" he said. The total cost of SPUR in 29 districts is Rs 500 crore. \"In nine cities, we are particularly working on waste management and have formed 12,000 health groups in the state,\" he added.The conference had 16 panellists and eight distinguished speakers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16404630", "title": "Giant fish to rise near Chetpet Lake", "text": "CHENNAI: Two imposing fish heads, a fin and tail will soon change the landscape near Chetpet Lake on Poonamallee High Road. This is what the new fisheries office will look like once construction of the building, expected to cost around Rs 6 crore, is complete.According to a senior official of the fisheries department, the three-storey building will accommodate the offices of the Tamil Nadu Fisheries Development Corporation, Tamil Nadu State Apex Fisheries Cooperative Federation and the chief engineer of the fisheries department.\"After a lot of discussions we zeroed in on a design by a private architect. It has been given the go-ahead by the minister of fisheries and the secretary,\" the official said. \"A tender for its construction will be advertised soon and the final deal will be signed in a week or two.\"The building will comprise two fish heads, made of light weight material, facing north and west, joined by a fin and a tail.\"The focus of the design is to ensure sufficient supply of sunlight and ventilation, enough space to accommodate all the offices and to ensure easy maintenance,\" said Arjun Vijay Kumar of GA Architects, who came up with the conceptual design.The building will be similar to the newly constructed regional office of the National Fisheries Development Board in Hyderabad, which is also shaped like a fish, but with a lot of improvisation, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16405643", "title": "Organic food has few buyers", "text": "PATNA: While people in metro cities are taking to organic food items, Patnaites are neither very much aware about the dynamics of organic food products nor do many shops in Patna offer the same. The demand for organic items is less and their price is higher as well.Adil Parvez, manager, Big Bazar, Patna said, \"We only offer organic pulses, not organic vegetables or fruits. But it is not popular among Patnaites as they are not very aware what organic food is about or its benefits. The price factor is also there. Organic food items are expensive by about 10%, which makes people reluctant to shell out the extra bucks.\" Neeraj Jaiswal, manager, Vishal Mega Mart, Patna, said, \"We do not offer any organic vegetable or other products because they are not much in demand and the cost is almost double.\" Asked if they have any plans to introduce organic food items, Jaiswal replied that it would depend on the availability of suppliers here.Most of the stores in the city do not sell organic products citing lack of demand for the same. Fruit-sellers near Patliputra Golambar had no idea of what organic fruits are. Asked if they sell organic variety of any fruit, one of them quipped, \"Naam hi pehli baar sun rahe hain\" (Hearing the name for the first time).Same was the case with fruit vendors near I-T Roundabout and a group of vegetable sellers near Boring Road crossing area of the city. Rakesh Kumar, chairman, Nalanda Organic Vegetable Growers Association ( NOVGA), said organic farming is done in about 200 hectares of farmland at his village Sohdih. \"Different vegetables like lady finger, pumpkin, chillies and cauliflowers are grown organically at Sohdih, but more than 75% of the produce is sent outside Bihar,\" said Kumar, adding, \"The rate we get outside Bihar is better.\"Poonam Sinha, a homemaker living at Patliputra Colony, said, \"I have heard about organic food, but I don't know much about its advantages, or where it is available at Patna.\" Her neighbour, Neha Kapoor, who was also shopping with her, said, \"Time and again we read about organic food in the newspapers, but I think it must be expensive. I don't know if the benefits are worth the extra that we'll have to pay for it.\"Few people who are aware of organic food also do not show interest in buying it. Ramesh Jha, a private schoolteacher, said, \"Organic products are not very popular at Patna and one cannot trust its authenticity also. What if the shopkeeper sells normal product in the name of organic food. We give the extra money but don't get the benefits?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16405283", "title": "Snag in multi-crore JNNURM plan chokes city drains", "text": "VARANASI: Heavy incessant rain from Thursday midnight led to drains across the city overflowing or getting blocked. Most of the localities were flooded with rainwater on Friday. The ray of hope in the scenario is the Storm Water Drainage project being undertaken in the city under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Renewal Mission (JNNURM) at a cost of Rs. 191.62 crore.But sadly, the city lacks a proper storm water drainage system. The SWD project was approved in November 2008 but finally started only in 2010 due to one reason or other, and it is so far only about 60 per cent complete.According to the appraisal note of the Central Public Health and Environmental Engineering Organisation (CPHEEO) of the ministry of urban development for consideration of projects under JNNURM in the city, the cost of the project as per its detailed project report (DPR) was Rs. 337.15 crore. But, the cost recommended by CPHEEO is Rs.191.62 crore for the implementation of the project in 28 months (December 2008-March 2011).The main objectives of the project are to provide drainage facility in the city in an effective manner to avoid water logging, to recharge the underground water and develop a new drainage system (separate from sewerage system) in integration with the old drainage system in a holistic manner.According to the report, the Varanasi Urban Agglomeration (VUA) is covering an area of 118.89 sq.km. The man made storm water drainage system in the city is grossly inadequate. The city depends mainly on some natural existing drains like the drains at Assi, Narokhar and Lalpur.Storm water in the city is being drained out through an old and incomplete underground and open drainage system. With the passage of time, most of the drains have been connected to branch sewers and are as such carrying sewerage with storm water into the sewer line increasing the load on the sewage pumps leading to failure of sewage treatment plants (STPs) especially during the rainy season.Due to water logging, the city witnesses roads and streets getting damaged on which a huge amount of money is spent every year on repairs and maintenance. Most of the localities like Maheshpur, Chhoti Maldahia, Suddhipur, Jaiprakash Nagar, Rupanpur, Jakkha and Saraiya are situated in low lying areas and face the water logging problem endlessly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16404246", "title": "More horticulture corporation outlets soon", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state horticulture corporation has invited applications to raise the number of vegetable outlets in Goa from the existing 427 to about 1000, GSHC chairman Kiran Kandolkar said on Thursday.Briefing the media, Kandolkar said that the corporation has so far received around 600 applications and that they are being scrutinized. The corporation will set up over 570 new outlets in Goa after the scrutiny.Kandolkar, who is also Tivim MLA, said that the government is concerned that prime spaces in all the major markets of Goa have been occupied by non-Goan vegetable vendors who sell vegetables at exorbitant prices. The idea behind the horticulture corporation increasing its outlets is to give opportunities to Goan farmers and people from poorer sections of society to benefit from these outlets, and also supplying a larger section of the population with cheaper vegetables.That is why in the applications for the new outlets, the horticulture corporation has introduced some clauses that makes it compulsory for the applicant to have 15 years residence in Goa. Other requirements are birth certificate, annual income below Rs 50,000 and preference for widows and women's groups, Kandolkar said. The scheme was launched by the previous government more than three years ago.The chairman said that the government is not against non-Goans doing legitimate business in Goa, but lamented that many poor Goan vegetable vendors have to sit on footpaths outside the markets in the hot sun. He said these persons will be provided space inside the markets by the corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16403374", "title": "Diesel prices may make power backup costlier", "text": "NOIDA: The recent diesel price hike is expected to hit the pockets of residents of group housing societies and highrises hard as they depend on backup systems in the power-starved cities of Noida and Greater Noida. All such housing societies fall back on diesel-run generator sets for power backup when long hours of power cuts play havoc in the twin cities.\"A major portion of the monthly maintenance charges collected by societies is diverted towards running generator sets because power cuts are frequent,\" said Rajiv Bajaj, an office bearer of the Federation of RWAs of Sector 62. \"The cascading effects of the fuel-price hike would be felt by individual households since most societies may now hike maintenance charges,\" he added.Officials of the federation, which consists of around 55 cooperative housing societies and group housing societies set up by private companies, said that maintenance charges may increase by about 10-15%. Several cooperative housing societies, which charge around Rs 5-6 for every unit of power consumed through diesel-run back up systems apart from fixed maintenance charges, might also go in for a hike.Builders' societies in the city charge more for every unit of electricity consumed by individual flat owners in comparison to the rates charged by co-operative housing societies. \"We charge residents Rs 14 for every unit of power consumed through diesel gensets. This charge might now be increased by 10% after the hike in diesel prices,\" said Subash Sethi, secretary, Parsvanath Prestige Housing Society.\"We are sure there would be an upwards revision in the rate of every unit of power accessed from backup systems,\" said a resident of Emerald Court Housing Society in Sector 93. Residents of the society have to pay Rs 11.50 per unit of power consumed through generator backup. \"We cannot cut down on essential services. We ration the use of ACs and television during power outages to avoid paying extra from using backup systems,\" added another resident of the society.According to the builders' body CREDAI, societies run by developers might escalate rates of power supplied through diesel-run backup systems by an average of 15%. \"We would, however, try not to increase maintenance charges even though transportation costs for bringing in materials required for maintenance would go up,\" said RK Arora, vice-president, CREDAI (western UP).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16404899", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi: 500 cars to roll out this year", "text": "INDORE: A large number of four-wheelers are set to roll out on city streets this Ganesh Chaturthi. If dealers are to be believed, over 500 four-wheelers are booked from various car showrooms in the city for delivery on September 19, the first day of the festival. Usually such high sells are witnessed during the festival of Diwali.The 10-day festival is considered auspicious time to make purchases. \"We have already booked 71 cars that are to be delivered on Ganesha Chaturthi. We expect the number to go as high as 101 on the day,\" said CEO of Rukmani Motors, Madho Bagree.GM of My Car showroom Amit Bagru, said \"We have booked around 60-70 cars to be delivered on Ganesh Chaturthi. This number of bookings can go up to 80-90 by the time the festival actually starts. This year the Chaturhi is falling on Wednesday. So people may prefer to buy cars at this time of the year.\"\"I believe Lord Ganesh is everybody's favorite God. Most showrooms in Indore give a complimentary Ganesh idol with every car they sell. We have booked 51 cars so far and expect to add 15-20 more cars to this list,\" said GM of Kasliwal Hyundai , Suprad Dave.GM Patel Motors Hidayat-Ulla Khan, said, \"Around 70 cars have been booked to be delivered on September 19, we may as well cross 100 by that date. I believe an increase of 20-25% is there when we compare the sales with last years Ganesh Festival. On 19th, the number may get to 400-500.\"RTO Sanjay Soni said, \"We are expecting about 500 cars and similar number of motorcycles to be registered during Ganesha festival.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16405658", "title": "BPCL, state ink 20k-cr MoU for Kochi refinery expansion", "text": "KOCHI: The state government and public sector oil major Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd (BPCL) have signed a memorandum of understanding for the execution of Rs 20,000-crore expansion plan of the BPCL Kochi Refinery.BPCL chairman R K Singh and state additional chief secretary (Industries) V Somasundaran signed the MoU for the Integrated Refinery Expansion Project (IREP) in the presence of chief minister Oommen Chandy, on the sidelines of the Emerging Kerala summit here on Friday.The IREP covers jacking up of the refining capacity of Kochi refinery by 6 MMTPA (million metric tonne per annum) from the present 9.5 MMTPA to 15.5 MMTPA, and modernisation of the refinery to produce auto-fuels complying with Euro-IV/Euro V specifications. The expansion plan is estimated to entail an investment of Rs 14,225 crore.The BPCL also plans to set up a massive petrochemical complex, which will involve an investment of Rs 5,000 crore to Rs 6,000 crore, by using byproducts from the expanded refinery. This unit will be set up as a joint venture between the BPCL and petrochemical major L G Chem of South Korea. \"We have already signed an MoU with LG for this, and a final deal will be worked out soon. Nearly 50 per cent of the investment for the project will come in as foreign direct Investment (FDI) from the LG,'' Singh told TOI.Both the expansion of Kochi refinery and the petrochemical complex will go on stream in tandem in 2015.On potential employment opportunities, Singh said, \"BPCL will be able to provide direct employment to about 1,000 people. But the indirect employment opportunities in sectors like construction and transport will be massive, and I don't want to put them in numbers. Also, there will be enormous employment opportunities in the downstream industries that the petrochemical complex will facilitate.''He said the company has already committed an investment of nearly Rs 700 crore for pre-project activities like technology tie-up deals and engineering works.\"The environment clearance for the project is expected later this month. But we are not waiting for that and are going ahead with the investments.''Chandy said the state government has decided to give fiscal concession to the company to make the project economically viable. This will include payment of the tax dues from BPCL's products back to the company as soft loan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16404600", "title": "Brothers design mouse for visually challenged", "text": "MANGALORE: Two brothers, doing final-year MS in Embedded Systems in Manipal Centre for Information Sciences have designed the 'Evo Mouse' which makes the computer and laptop more user-friendly for the visually challenged. Navin and Nitin Bhaskar's Evo Mouse is a substitute for the mouse equipped with four buttons and a small joystick.A visually challenged person can open any application just by pressing the buttons on it. For instance, a person who wants to open a Notepad document can just press the first button. It also gives voice-over guidance to use applications like Excel, Word and other software.This duo has also developed software to support this gadget. Explaining other features of the gadget, Navin and Nitin told TOI that after installing the software, the Evo Mouse is connected to a USB port. \"The Evo Mouse provides voice assistance to use each application on the computer. It also provides voice feed about weather reports and news available on websites for the visually challenged,\" they added.These brothers took three months to design the gadget, which costs Rs 5,000.They won third prize in the 'STM32 Open World Application Design Contest' organized by Raisonance and ST held in France in December 2011. Navin and Nitin won US$1,500 and a software kit worth Rs 1 lakh. They say if a visually challenged person approaches them, they will customize an Evo Mouse for the person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16402754", "title": "Garment workers slog all day for peanuts", "text": "BANGALORE: Verbal and sexual abuse is part of their job. Their salaries range from Rs 100-Rs 250 a day, and even that is not paid on timeFor thousands of garment workers of Bangalore, their factories are hellholes. Y Narayana Chetty, professor and director of Alampalli Sri Venkataram Chair on Labour Research and his team conducted a study on 2,000 labourers from the garment industry in Bangalore. It reflects a gloomy picture of the second largest unorganized labour sector of the state, with 73% of the workers surveyed saying they face multiple difficulties at the workplace.The survey, released on Friday, concluded that 17.5% labourers said they were verbally and sexually abused at the workplace, 78% said heavy pressure to meet daily production targets was creating problems for them. \"While 17.4% said they didn't get any breaks during working hours, 12.1% said they didn't get their wages on time,\" stated the report.It says that around 90% of the labourers earned between Rs 100 and Rs 250 per day in Bangalore. \"This is far less than the wages earned by workers in Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh. The Karnataka government must look into this issue,\" said Dr Chetty.The study by Dr Chetty and students of the postgraduate course in Economics and Sociology found that \"most of the labourers in the garment industry were at the mercy of their employers\". There are 854 registered garment manufacturing units in Bangalore, which employ 64,045 males and 1,31,897 females.When it comes to paid leave, it was a 50-50 affair. \"At least 50% of the workers surveyed said the management gives them paid sick leave, whereas the remaining 50% reported negatively,\" quoted the survey. Work hours also differ: 85.3% worked for 8 hours a day, 12.5% for 9-10 hours and 2.3% for 10 hours and more.CASE STUDYIndira, 25, lives with her husband, two children, mother-in-law and brother-in-law. Her mother-in-law works part-time at a nearby choultry. Indira, who handles the day-to-day affairs of the family, took up a tailor's job in a garment factory which belongs to her neighbour. She works from 9am to 5.30pm and earns Rs 80 a day. She said she was forced to work because her husband is an alcoholic and she wants her children to study well. Indira gets Rs 150 a month as pocket money; her mother-in-law takes away the rest of the salary. Although Indira does not face verbal or sexual harassment at work, she's heard about it. \"My job gives me satisfaction as my factory provides PF, transport facility, free medical care and there is no harassment at work,\" said Indira.TOUGH COMPETITIONThe garment manufacturing sector in India is facing competition from Bangladesh, Indonesia and China. Demand for cotton and silk from India has come down drastically in the international market. This is why the state and central governments need to take steps to protect the interests of labourers in this sector. It took 65 years for the central government to bring in a law for the unorganized sector. We need to simplify labour laws and bridge the gap between the organized and unorganized sectors in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16405198", "title": "Nitish Kumar, Lalu Prasad slam Centre for diesel, gas decisions", "text": "PATNA: The Union government's decisions to hike the price of diesel and restrict the supply of subsidized LPG cylinders sparked protest demonstrations and effigy burning by woman organizations, political activists and others across the state on Friday.Except for Congress, all political parties - the BJP, JD (U) and even UPA government's ally, the RJD - cried foul and demanded immediate rollback of the twin decisions. Chief minister Nitish Kumar and RJD president Lalu Prasad issued similar statements criticizing the UPA government.Workers of the BJP, All India Progressive Women Association (AIPWA), the JD (U), left parties and members of the Auto Men's Union held separate protest demonstrations in different parts of the city and also burned effigies of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh at various places. Similar protests were reported from district headquarters towns across the state. Different associations of bus and truck operators and Auto Men's Union demanded a hike in fares, so as to continue their operations.Nitish said, by hiking the diesel price and restricting supply of LPG, the Centre has played a 'cruel joke' with the common people who are already reeling under price rise. \"The hike in diesel price will hit farmers and also have a cascading effect on the prices of grains due to increase in transport charges,\" he said. Terming the Centre's decision as 'unfortunate', Kumar demanded that the twin decisions be withdrawn.Lalu, too, termed the Centre's decision as 'unfortunate' and demanded reconsideration of the decisions. \"The diesel price hike will have a direct impact on the input cost of farmers besides on inflation ,\" he said. BJP workers led by their state president C P Thakur burned the effigy of the prime minister at the busy Dak Bungalow roundabout. State BJP spokesman Suresh Rungta assailed Congress president Sonia Gandhi and PM Manmohan Singh for the decisions. While JD (U) women wing workers burned the PM's effigy at the Income-Tax roundabout in the state capital, CPI-ML (Liberation) workers did so at Ara, Jehanabad, Bhagalpur, Gaya, Nalanda and some other district towns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16405069", "title": "The argument against KG Marg parking seems stretched", "text": "It is absurd that a much needed infrastructure project like the proposed multilevel parking should be stuck in red tape almost five years after it was officially sanctioned. On the face of it, the argument that the parking lot could pose a threat to the 13th-century baoli seems stretched. It is not as if it is in the immediate vicinity of the monument or that the area around the monument is currently not built up. On the contrary, the area is full of multi-storeyed buildings which have been there for decades. How would one more building several hundred metres away from the monument pose such a grave threat?Related story : KG Marg parking hits fresh hurdle", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16407518", "title": "Airtel, Vodafone &amp; Idea lose over 5.1 million subscribers in August: COAI", "text": "NEW DELHI: GSM operators including Airtel, Vodafone and Idea lost a total of over 7.10 million subscribers in August this year, bringing down the total subscriber base in the country to 671.95 million, Cellular Operators' Association of India (COAI) said today.The top three operators -- Airtel, Vodafone and Idea -- which account for close to 68 per cent of the GSM market, lost over 5.1 million users in August, data released by COAI said.Bharti Airtel , which is the industry leader with a 27.82 per cent market share, lost 1.90 million users to take its subscriber base to 186.9 million, it said.Idea Cellular and Vodafone lost 1.64 million users and 1.55 million users, respectively. With this, Idea Cellular's subscriber base stood at 115.97 million, while that of Vodafone was at 153.35 million at the end of August 2012, COAI said.Analysts suggest that the fall may be on account of operators withdrawing offers and customers, with multiple SIMs shedding their connections.Aircel and Loop Mobile were the only operators which witnessed growth. While Aircel added 793,717 new users, Loop Mobile added 79,842 new subscribers in August.Uninor, which was growing strongly in the last few months, witnessed the sharpest decline of 2.38 million users, taking its subscriber base to 42.11 million at the end of August, the COAI said.The COAI figures did not include the data for state-run operator BSNL for the month of August, but said the operator had a 14.09 per cent share in the GSM market with 94.67 million subscribers.Another state-run firm MTNL lost 103,553 users, taking its userbase to 5.12 million at the end of August 2012, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16405160", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee's son to contest Jangipur bypoll", "text": "KOLKATA: Abhijit Mukherjee, son of President Pranab Mukherjee and Congress' Nalhati MLA, will contest the Jangipur Lok Sabha bypoll vacated by his fatheras the Congress nominee. The notification for the October 10 poll will be made on Saturday bringing into force the election code of conduct. While CPM has announced Mojaffar Hossein as its candidate for the bypoll, Trinamool is yet to decide whether it will contest.\"Congress president Sonia Gandhi has approved the proposal for the candidature of Abhijit for the by election to the Lok Sabha from Jangipur Parliamentary constituency,\" AICC general secretary Oscar Fernandes said. tnnThe seat fell vacant after Pranab Mukherjee became the President.He had represented the seat since 2004. Abhijit had expressed his desire to contest the seat to party's Murshidabad strongman and MP Adhir Chowdhury. Abhijit who was unavailable for comment, will have to vacate the Nalhati assembly seat now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403762", "title": "Now, govt to offer driving lessons at ITIs", "text": "MUMBAI: To counter the menace posed by errant driving schools in Maharashtra, the government is set to launch a six-week exhaustive course offered at 35 ITIs (Industrial Training Institutes) across the state.In the Mumbai region, the course will be offered at ITIs in Mumbai Central, Mulund, Kurla, Thane, Ambernath and Panvel. The government intends to start the course by October.State transport commissioner V N More told TOI: \"Drivers trained at these institutes will have the best skills in the profession. They can be self-employed or recruited by big firms and tourist cab/fleet cab operators.\" Sources say fleet taxi operators have a shortage of good drivers and those passing out of the ITIs can fill the void in Mumbai.\"The drivers will be sensitized on road safety and the lessons will be stringent, unlike those provided in some private schools that act as mere agents for issuing licences,\" More said. \"At the ITIs, there will be a prescribed curriculum with hands-on experience in driving skills. With 35 ITIs offering the new course to begin with and 150 ITIs being covered by the year-end, we expect better drivers to pass out of these institutes.\"An official said they \"want to create a new brand\" by introducing the driving course. The ITIs will provide soft skills training, teach basic Hindi and English for those in rural areas and give information on tourist spots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407095", "title": "Mohit Malhotra in Surveen Guggal Topper Of the year", "text": "Off late, Mohit Malhotra managed to be in the news with quitting Sony TV's Bade Acche Laggte Hain post leap due to essaying elderly role. Now, the actor is now all set to return with the role matching his age.The latest we have heard is Mohit has almost bagged Surveen Guggal Topper of the year on Channel V. The series produced by Gul Khan, Nissar Parvez, Gorkhy and Shakti Sagar Chopra has roped in this young lad for a prominent role.On the hand, it is widely reported in the media about Madhur Bhandarkar and the diva Kareena Kapoor making a guest appearance in the show to promote the flick Heroine.All our efforts to reach Mohit were futile.If everything falls in the place, he will start shooting for the show within few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403677", "title": "Milk price goes up by Re 1", "text": "MUMBAI: The state-run Mahanand milk co-operative board on Friday approved a Re-1 hike on the milk price of one of its brands, Diamond, from September 17. With this rise from Rs 30 to Rs 31, private players are also likely to demand an increase.For two of its other brands, Annapurna and Tej toned milk, the rate has stayed the same at Rs 29. But the board reduced the commission on the two for its distributors and sub-distributors by Re 1.Jayant Gaikwad, who holds additional charge of the Dairy Development Commissioner, confirmed the rise in price but said he was not aware of the details.Shree Naik, president of state milk distributors and Transporters Sangh said they would go on an indefinite strike from Sunday to protest against the decision to raise the price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16404528", "title": "Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation strike: Outsiders, pilgrims stuck in the Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE:Though the indefinite strike called by drivers, conductors, mechanics and other employees attached to various state road transport corporations had no effect on the commuters in Dakshina Kannada, it hit passengers from outside who came to the district.Hundreds of passengers were seen waiting for buses at the KSRTC bus stand in Bejai here. Three friends - Laxman Thamanna Badiger, Shrisai Namdev Kambar and Mahanthesh - all carpenters, were at their wits end. The trio had left Gokak two days ago to visit temples in the coastal district. They had to attend a programme of Karnataka Rajya Vishwa Karma Samaja in Bangalore on September 17.For their tour, the trio had purchased free tickets (FT), by paying Rs 900 each. FT is a bus pass offered by KSRTC, which can be used to travel across the state for one week.They told TOI that since Thursday night they were waiting for the situation to clear. \"We are short on money to go either to Bangalore or to Gokak on a private bus or a cab. For the past two days we travelled using FT. Now, KSRTC authorities are not refunding our money or taking back our tickets. We will not have sufficient money to have food if the protest continues, as we have to pay the lodge bill,'' they said.Mahaboob Pasha, a sales executive of a furniture company in Bangalore was seen wandering in and around the bus stand. Mahaboob said that he came to Mangalore to collect money from furniture outlet owners, who purchased furniture from his company. \"I have to go to Hassan to collect Rs 1 lakh from a furniture shop owner but there is not even a single bus service to that district,'' he rued.Mahaboob added that all seats were booked in private buses. \"The protest is affecting the middle class and lower middle class people the most,\" he added.Due to protest, Raju, a poor labourer in a coffee estate in Madikeri lost his daily wage. Raju told TOI that he had come to Mangalore to meet his son, who is a cab driver.\"I have been waiting for a bus since Thursday night. I was supposed to go back to work on Friday morning, but because of this protest I lost Rs 400, which is my one-day earnings,\" said Raju.Hundreds of pilgrims were stranded at Dharmasthala and Kukke Subrahmanya on Friday. Belthangady MLA Vasanth Bangera appealed to KSRTC employees to take the pilgrims back, but the staff said they were helpless as they could not assure safety of passengers' enroute.Meanwhile, there was mild clash at KSRTC bus stand in Bejai as a private bus allegedly tried to enter the premises, which KSRTC employees protested. One version is that that the bus was trying to make a turn by entering the bus stand and the striking personnel had mistook the intention, while another version was that the private bus was asked to come by the management. Timely intervention of police quelled a major clash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16404770", "title": "Man held for abetting suicide of wife", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 32-year-old man was arrested on charges of abetting the suicide of his 27-year-old wife from Thadagam Road on Friday. The couple has a seven-year-old daughter and a two-year-old son from a rocky marriage which lasted for eight years till P Geetha consumed cow dung powder and took her own life on Friday morning. Geetha and her husband Kalimuthu employed with a private firm in the city were not having a cordial relationship over the past few years.Relatives of the deceased who had arrived at the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital to accept her body had alleged that she was forced to take the extreme step due to physical and mental harassment from Kalimuthu. Based on the initial statements, police arrested Kalimuthu and remanded him to custody later on Friday.\"They were having some issues between them for the past few years and today Geetha was found dead inside her house,\" said R Parthibhan, Geetha's cousin brother who was at the hospital to receive her body.The relatives of the victim also alleged that the couple were strongly considering filing for a divorce a few years back but later decided to reconcile after the intervention of the family members. They had gone to Maruthumalai temple and few other religious places in the outskirts of the city on Thursday.The couple was also reportedly worried about some astrological issues for their son and had visited the temple to do penance for him, claimed family members. It is believed that the couple had a heated argument on Thursday night following which Geetha consumed cow dung powder after she woke up early Friday morning.Thudiyalur police took the statements of the relatives and cross-examined Kalimuthu before he was booked under section 306 of the Indian Penal Code for abetting the suicide of his wife. Thudiyalur police are conducting further probe in the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16405248", "title": "City up in arms against added burden", "text": "KANPUR: Bhartiya Janata Party workers, under the leadership of Satish Mahana, BJP legislator from Maharajpur state assembly, on Friday staged a massive demonstration and burnt an effigy of the Prime Minister to lodge their protest against the hike in diesel prices and cap on subsidised LPG cylinders.Braving heavy rain, scores of BJP workers assembled at Naronha crossing on Mall Road and burnt PM Manmohan Singh's effigy in the presence of district administrative officials who tried in vain to take the effigy away. The protestors raised slogans against the Congress government and termed the hike in diesel prices the steepest ever.The BJP workers said the restrictions on the subsidy given to consumers of LPG cylinders was unprecedented, and the common man would now have to shell out Rs 750 for an LPG cylinder after their annual quota of 6 cylinders is exhausted. This, they said, was gross injustice meted out to the masses who both deserve and need the subsidy.Satish Mahana said the UPA government was squeezing the common man dry each day. He said the restriction on the number of subsidised cyclinders for each family would shatter household budgets. \"A family of four needs at least 12 cylinders per year and would not be able to bear the extra amount by any means. The people are already reeling under inflation, and if there's no rollback, the situation would turn from bad to worse,\" said the BJP MLA.He said the BJP demands an immediate rollback of the inflationary steps taken by the Congress government, otherwise the people of the country would give them a befitting reply in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.BJP's city convener Surendra Maithani said the party would mobilise the people and launch a mass movement against the inflation brought about by the Congress led UPA government. He said the hiked diesel prices will further increase the prices of essential items and burn a bigger hole in the pocket of the common man.Strongly condemning the hike, the city traders also took to the roads to protest. The traders took out a protest march under the banner of Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal from Generalganj main market and passed through Shakarpatti, Express Road, Birhana Road, and Sutarkahna to reach Ghantaghar. The traders kept different products on cycle rickshaws and pulled the same, symbolising their potential inability to afford diesel-run-commercial vehicles for transportation. The protest was led by Gyanesh Mishra, general secretary, Akhil Bhartiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal.The angry traders said the Congress government at the Centre has given them nothing except inflation, and they will therefore uproot the present government in the 2014 Lok Sabha polls. They said while they suffered in the market, their housewives too were a worried lot as it had become difficult for them to run the household.Mishra said the hiked diesel prices would force transporters to increase their prices, eventually resulting in a rise in prices of essentials and added burden on the people.In fact, the UP Transporters Association did condemn the hike in diesel prices on Friday and demanded a rollback. They said the National Association had decided to hike the transportation prices by 15% which would impact the prices of dals, vegetables, fruits, milk and other essential items that are transported to the city from other states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16404482", "title": "A heritage house to preserve Kochi\u2019s culture", "text": "KOCHI: Under a tripartite joint cooperation agreement, officials from France will organize a workshop for the Kochi Corporation officials, which will help them safeguard the urban cultural heritage of Kochi.The agreement between the Indian Heritage Cities Network (IHCN) foundation, Corporation of Cochin and the City of Lorient will initiate the programme soon, said Rathi Vinay Jha, chairperson, IHCN, Unesco India.Jha said that under the plan of action for 2012-15 technical support which will help establish a heritage house in Kochi.\"We have successfully preserved a submarine-base island used in the World War, a tourist centre, an economic nautical centre and a sports centre without much changes in the existing structures,\" said Jean Paul Solaro, vice mayor, city of Lorient, France.The agreement was signed between Kochi mayor Tony Chammany, Jean Pail Solaro and Rath Vinay Jha at the plenary session held at the summit. The them of the session was 'Conservation and preservation of socio-cultural engines of Kerala economy' in Kochi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16405178", "title": "Maoists copy Iraqi rebels' terror bomb", "text": "KOLKATA: The Maoists have taken a leaf out of the Iraqi insurgent handbook and may be manufacturing 'flying IEDs' that can be fired from the shoulder.This spine-chilling revelation was made by Sadula Ramkrishna alias Sadanala, the elderly mechanical engineer in charge developing weapons for the Maoists, say police.Earlier, it was thought that the Maoists may be manufacturing rocket launchers but not it turns out that they are adding 'Improvised Rocket Assisted Mortars' (IRAM) to their arsenal. IRAMs were a nightmare for the US forces in Iraq .The Maoists can make these lobbed bombs for less than Rs 1,000 a piece, Sadanala, the chief of the rebel technical committee, has reportedly told police.Sadanala has said that they keep a close watch on the activities of guerrilla forces across the globe and develop their arsenal accordingly.Iraqi insurgents were the first to use the 107mm IRAM. They used elevated vehicles to lob the bombs but Maoists adapted it for Indian conditions and developed a shoulder-firing mechanism by reducing the bore of the launch tube and the length of the device, say sources.Sadanala was arrested by the Kolkata Police's Special Task Force in February 29 this year along with four of his aides - Dipak Kumar, Sukumar Mondal, Shambhu Charan Pal and Bapi Mudi. Their interrogation has revealed how the Maoists are developing their own arsenal to wage all-out war against the Indian state, say sources.The National Investigation Agency took over the investigation and tapped Sadanala to unearth the modules hidden across the country.The erstwhile CPI(ML) Peoples War initially depended on gun-runners but gradually started to develop weapons on its own and formed the 'Technical Development Committee' in 1994. It did not work as hoped and was replaced by the Central Technical Committee in July 2001. After the formation of CPI(Maoist) in 2004, the committee was transformed into the 'Technical Research Arms Manufacturing Unit' in 2005 and placed directly under the central military commission.Sreenivasa Reddy alias Tech Madhu was the first to try to make low-cost shoulder-fired rocker launchers and mortars for Maoists. Sadanala has told police that they inducted their first home-made 'rockets' in 2005, say sources. They were made in a foundry on the fringes of Chennai. The results were not satisfactory, and the Maoist technicians kept trying to improve it.Work continued despite Tech Madhu's arrest. In fact, Sadanala expanded the network across the country and established several local units to manufacture separate components of the weapon.The Maoists used reverse engineering to develop their arsenal. They dismantled weapons snatched from security forces, take them apart and copy them in their mobile workshops. They take extensive help of the internet to get tips and rectify mistakes, say police. That is how they developed the IRAM launchers, say sources.Because of this success, the budget for the unit has been increased to a few crores from Rs 25 lakh. Sadanala has said that his unit worked under politburo member Nambala Keshab Rao, who is also the chief of central military commission.Investigators admit that Sadanala's arrest could be a setback for the Maoists but won't stop the arms development because the rebels work from mobile workshops.Apart from IRAM and mortars, TRAM is responsible to manufacture and develop IEDs, Booby traps, pressure mines and grenades.They are responsible for the repair and maintenance of all types of guns.Red workshops are manufacturing 12 bore guns for village militias.Rocket developed by the red brigade has reportedly 350 meters range with 100 meters lethal radius. 65 mm bore and the launcher hardly costs Rs 5,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16403478", "title": "Doctors welcome govt initiative, urge fair allotment of organs", "text": "The state government's action of passing four resolutions on organ transplant in a single day may seem a big step, but experts say the nitty-gritty needs to be worked out to ensure fair distribution of organs.\"By introducing non-transplant retrieval centres, the government has given a boost to organ donation. But we have to put in place a mechanism to ensure transparency at all costs,\" said Dr Jatin Kothari, a nephrologist with Hinduja Hospital, Mahim.On Thursday, the state took a leaf out of Tamil Nadu's transplant experience and passed resolutions based on the Human Organ Transplantation Act, 1994. The southern state had passed eight resolutions in three months to change its image of a kidney bazaar to a model transplant state .In the aftermath of former Maharashtra chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh's death (whose doctors said he could have been saved had he got a kidney and a liver in donation), the state seems to be in a rush to push a cadaveric organ transplant programme .\"The state is mainly talking about recognizing its district and civil hospitals as retrieval centres. How will these hospitals, which are short on infrastructure and manpower, maintain a brain-dead person until retrieval of organs can take place?\" asked a senior doctor. There is also the question of logistics. \"The government needs to spell out who will retrieve organs and how will they be transported,\" said another doctor.The biggest issue is to maintain an ethical, non-abusive system. \"In certain states, non-retrieval centres are tied up with specific hospitals. It is like a cut system is at work,\" said a doctor. A call would be placed to certain private hospitals in these states as soon as a brain-death was identified at a retrieval centre, he said. \"Private hospitals started gaining by conducting more transplants at higher costs.\"The Tamil Nadu government worked out an organ-sharing method to ensure that public hospitals got an equal share of donated organs. This ensured that the poor, too, got organs.A senior government official said the city would be divided into zones in which non-retrieval centres would coordinate with nearby transplant centres. \"As long as the final distribution of organs is carried out by the point system of the Zonal Transplant Coordination Centre (ZTCC), there should be no problem,\" said former ZTCC chief Vatsala Trivedi, who had performed the city's first cadaveric kidney transplant, in 1997. ZTCC secretary Dr Sujata Patwardhan told TOI that meetings would be held in the next few days to work out the protocols.There is also the tricky question of costs. At present, the ZTCC, which uses a computer-based distribution system, charges Rs 30,000 from patients who register for a transplant. But if smaller centres have to maintain and retrieve organs, then there is a need to decide on how the costs will be shared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16405337", "title": "Officials mislead Gaya DM on starvation death", "text": "GAYA: Apparently irked at the misleading and contradictory report presented to her by the field officials, Gaya DM has directed the ADM inquiring into the starvation death allegation also to ascertain if local officials of the Atari block were engaged in operation cover-up.What angered the DM was the contradictory reports sent to her by the field officials on the issue of pension payment to Naushad, the mentally challenged villager who allegedly died due to starvation. Officials call Naushad's death as natural as the mentally challenged man reportedly suffered from epilepsy. Moreover, no postmortem was done to ascertain the cause of death. First the local officials informed the DM that Naushad did not apply for pension payable to challenged persons and as such, the question of pension payment did not arise.A few hours later, on Thursday officials informed the DM that the Bathani SDO had sanctioned pension to the mentally challenged young man. The apparent contradiction in the two versions made the DM skeptical. According to Preyasi, the ADM inquiring into the starvation death allegation has also been directed to look into whether the local officials were engaged in a cover-up operation.Reports reaching the district headquarters say that a block official on Thursday evening wanted Naushad's mother to give a statement that the young man died a natural death and not due to starvation. Naushad's mother, as per reports, refused to oblige the block official.Interestingly, Naushad's family did not also have a BPL card and as such, benefits available to BPL card holders were not available to the 'starvation' victim and his family. Asked about this apparent anomaly, Bathani SDO Naiyyar Iqbal said that government officials have little role to play in the BPL list preparation and the list was prepared by a committee headed by the local mukhiya. Maybe, the family was not considered for BPL card as it owned a few katthas of land, said the SDO.Meanwhile, death of one more old age pensioner on the block office premises on Thursday afternoon added to the embarrassment of officials. An old age pensioner, Ram Chandra Devi, who was denied her pension for the last five months, died on the Konch block premises. Earlier, on Wednesday a widow, Radhiya Devi, died at the Belaganj block office. Like Devi, Radhiya, too, ran from pillar to post to get old age pension for five long months.Like the starvation death, block officials fumbled for explanation on the issue of non-payment of old age pension. First it was said that funds were not available. Then the delay was attributed to the change in payment mode. In the case of Ram Chandra Devi, pension was paid to her kin after her death on Thursday. In the case of Radhiya Devi, pension was paid to her shortly before death, said DM Bandana Preyasi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16403039", "title": "10 injured in Bokaro collision", "text": "BOKARO: At least 10 people were injured when a mini-truck in which they were travelling collided with a tanker on NH-23 (Bokaro-Ranchi road) at Kochagoda in Jaridih on Friday.The injured - Pintu Kumar, Manoj Kumar , Kailash Kumar, J Sahu, Laxman Mahto, Jairam Mahto, Lalu Yadav - have been critically injured and were admitted to Bokaro General Hospital (BGH). There were 18 persons travelling on the mini-truck. The driver of both the vehicles fled from the spot after the incident, said police.Officer in-charge of Jaridih police station Jagdish Choubey said the vehicles were coming from opposite directions. The mini-truck was going to Gola, Ramgarh, while the tanker was going towards Bokaro. An FIR has been lodged in this connection.Pintu Kumar, an injured, said they were vegetable vendors of Dundibagh and other places of Bokaro. They were going to Gola for purchasing vegetables from the wholesale market there. \"Most of us were travelling on mini-truck while three of them were sitting in a driver cabin. The collision was so intense that we were thrown about seven-eight feet height in the air and fell on the ground,\" he said. Kumar suffered injuries on the hand and face.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16404789", "title": "Patient's death at CMCH causes furore as relatives allege medical negligence", "text": "COIMBATORE: Minor tension prevailed at the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital campus here in the city on Friday morning after the sudden death of M Muthumeena, a 24 year old woman undergoing treatment at the poly-trauma ward, early Friday morning. Her death was a double jolt to the family as her 40-day-old boy had already died in the car crash near Karamadai on Sunday. The agitated relatives claimed that the victim died due to negligence on the part of hospital staff while administering an injection to her at around 4am which allegedly resulted in her death a few minutes later.Muthumeena, originally from Rajapalayam, was residing on Dhandapani street along with her husband and family in Chinnavedampatti here in the city.\"She was stable till they gave her the injection early morning. Within a matter of few minutes she became unresponsive and the hospital told us she was no more. We suspect some foul play in her death,\" said R Subbaraj, Muthumeena's husband employed as a driver with a motor pump set manufacturing firm near Chinnavedampatti.Just 40 days ago Subbaraj was the proud father of twin boys. His wife had delivered at the same hospital. But within a matter of days, he lost his infant son and wife. His son died on Sunday in a mishap that occurred near Karamadai. Along with eight relatives, Muthumeena was returning to Coimbatore, after visiting a few temples near Mettupalayam. When their car collided with a Tata Sumo , all passengers were seriously injured. Muthumeena had suffered multiple fractures and was admitted in the intensive care ward at CMCH.\"She was slowly responding to treatment till she was given that injection by one of the duty staff at the ward,\" alleged M Kaliraj, Muthumeena's brother at the hospital.However, hospital authorities dismissed the allegations claiming that Muthumeena died due to sudden cardiac arrest caused by complications from pulmonary embolism (A blockage in the main artery due to clot formation obstructing flow of blood from the heart to lungs). They also claimed that the surgical removal of the clot was ruled out since she was in critical condition. She was being given anti-coagulant injections to release the clot along with deriphyllin doses to ease the load on her lungs.\"Muthumeena was extremely critical and we were trying our best to revive her. Unfortunately she suffered a sudden cardiac arrest caused by a clot in her lungs on Friday morning,\" said P Sivaprakasam, Resident Medical Officer, Coimbatore Medical College Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407083", "title": "Sridevi woos Toronto with her fumbling English", "text": "Sridevi is having the time of her life, or should we say, the time of her laugh in Toronto where she's attending the Toronto Film Festival with her English Vinglish director Gauri Shinde.Apparently the two ladies are forever going into fits of giggles because all the local media out there expects Sri to speak fumbling English, just like her character in English Vinglish.Sri who speaks the language fairly fluently has a hard hard time trying to remain in character. Says someone from the English Vinglish entourage, \"It's hilarious, really. Because Sri has been asked to remain true to her character. So while in the film she's fumbling to speak English properly, in Toronto she fumbles to not speak the language properly.\"This apparently has the two new best friends Gauri and Sri in ceaseless splits. Apparently Gauri and Sri spend all their free time in Toronto shopping and sight-seeing. Sri is no longer a babe in the woods even when Boney is around. Sridevi's entire family, Boney and her two daughters, are in Toronto to give her moral support during the first public screening of her comeback film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16404362", "title": "Government to seek review or tweak law", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Information Commission (CIC) said that it has sought opinion from the Centre regarding the Supreme Court order making it mandatory for appointment of a judicial member and an expert to hear RTI-related cases. While the commission has decided to continue hearings cases for the time being, RTI activists feel that if implemented the decision could spell a death knell for the transparency act.After an hour-long meeting on Friday, chief information commissioner Satyananda Mishra said they would seek views of the Centre and decide the future course of action as it would require changes in their functioning.Sources said that the government was likely to either ask for a review of the order by a larger bench or introduce an amendment in the RTI Act. The government is exploring the option of increasing the sanctioned positions in the CICs to accommodate judicial members in the commission.The SC had on Thursday passed order making it mandatory for the transparency panels at respective levels to have at least one judicial member while hearing cases.Amid calls of a review from RTI activists, senior lawyer Prashant Bhushan expressed concern, saying, \"Even if all retired judges join information commissions, vacancies will remain. More than half the posts will remain vacant which will increase backlog instead of making the system more transparent.''Former Information Commissioner at CIC Shailesh Gandhi said that if the SC judgment is implemented then all information commissions will work in benches of two members, including a judicial member and an expert member. \"Immediately, most commissions will stop functioning since most of them do not have judicial members. Even when they do manage to get these, they will have to function as two member benches, reducing their disposal to about 50% of the current disposal. In the Central Commission \u2014 at the present rate of disposal \u2014 it appears that there would be over three year's backlog in the next five years. With the disposal dropping to half, the backlog will be over five years in the same period.''CHRI member Venkatesh Nayak said that there were a total of 114 posts of ICs and CIC. If the SC order is implemented, 28 posts of CICs will be reserved for retired SC judges and retired chief justices of the HC and at least 43 posts of ICs will be set aside for retired judges. RTI activist Subhash Agrawal described the order as \"classic example of judicial overreach which if not reviewed will induce practical problems making CICs toothless.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16404416", "title": "More women decide to kick footie", "text": "PANAJI: Agnelo Dias, physical education director at Fr Agnel's College, Pilar, sat clasping his head in his hands just outside the University ground in Taleigao. He seemed worried, a trifle anxious and little concerned as well.Word from the dressing room was that one of their player had refused to sign the team sheet. Reason: she did not want to be a substitute! In a matter of a few minutes, however, a potential crisis-like situation was aborted as another player volunteered to hand over her jersey and instead occupy the substitute's bench.Welcome to the world of women's Inter-College football which has, this year, seen a sudden spurt in participation. A record number of 13 teams -- including three for the first time -- are slugging it out, quite literally, at the University ground, giving the competition the spice it deserves.\"This is a welcome change,\" says Milton Fernandes, assistant director of sports, Goa University.Milton should know better. When he had just enrolled himself as physical education director at St Xavier's College in 1996, he had the ignominy of seeing just two teams take part in the Inter-College women's football championship. One of the team was his own, while the other 'finalist' was Carmel College.Since then a lot of water has flown under the Mandovi and Zuari bridges, but the domination of Xavier's and Carmel's has remained almost unchallenged. That's until this year as the likes of Rosary College (Navelim) and even Government College (Quepem), among several others, have sent shivers down the spine of their rivals with domineering performances.\"The colleges are taking keen interest. They realize that the girl students need to play more. Should these girls prove good in football, they can do equally well in other sports too like volleyball, handball and hockey. It's a win-win situation,\" explained Milton.The state government's decision to accord state sport status to football has also resulted in increased participation. Milton agrees and so does international footballer Malvita Mascarenhas.\"There is renewed interest now but still plenty more needs to be done,\" said Malvita after helping St Xavier's to a resounding 5-0 win over Don Bosco College, Panaji.\"I would say that the university must make it mandatory for colleges to field women's team as well. More the number, the better for all of us,\" she said. Thirty one colleges took part in the men's section.The university's women's football squad are former all-India champions but those glory days of the eighties have never ever been replicated. According to Milton, the team is now definitely among the six best in the country but for a state that takes so much pride in its football and footballers -- sex no bar -- everyone would love to see women's football come a full circle.Women's football must be a norm rather than an exception.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16404266", "title": "Salon faces 20,000 loss due to fire", "text": "VASCO: A fire due to a short circuit at a beauty salon at Baina, Vasco, led to the establishment suffering a loss of approximately 20,000.Vasco station fire officer Francisco Mendes said,\"The salon was closed at the time of the incident as the staff had gone for lunch.\"At about 2pm on Friday, residents noticed smoke emerging from the salon, that is situated on the ground floor of a three-storied building. Salon owner Saraswati Honawarkar was called and found that the smoke was coming from the facial room.Fire tenders immediately doused the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16405172", "title": "Aam admi vents ire on streets", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after key UPA allies, Trinamool Congress and DMK, slammed the government's decision to raise diesel price and put a cap on subsidized LPG cylinders, furious protests broke out across the country on Friday, with Samajwadi Party workers burning effigies of Congress and Kerala's Congress chief minister echoing the opposition demand for a rollback.Mumbai's All-India Motor Transport Congress president Bal Malkit Singh said the national transporters' body will observe a nationwide \"chakka jam\" from Tuesday. Essential services will, however, be exempt from the stir. In Pune, women activists of MNS lit earthen stoves using wood and kerosene and offered tea without milk to passers-by in protest. Pratap Doshi, All India LPG Distributors' Federation president, said there was utter confusion among distributors and consumers about how to keep account of six cylinders per connection and ensure proper rationing. \"We're shocked as the government didn't take us into confidence while taking the decision. There are no established methods to evolve such a system,\" said Doshi.In Kolkata, bus and taxi operators threatened indefinite strike if fares were not immediately raised following the abrupt Rs 5 hike in diesel prices. In Hyderabad, TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu carried an LPG cylinder on his shoulders and led a protest march. \"The latest hike has shocked consumers. They should immediately withdraw the hike. Otherwise, people will teach Congress a lesson,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16405292", "title": "20 shops booked for non-Marathi signboards", "text": "NASHIK: The office of deputy labour commissioner (DLC), Nashik division, which covers five districts, has taken legal action against 20 shops and establishments across the city for not displaying signboards in Marathi. The cases against these 20 establishments have been filed in the court of the Judicial Magistrate First Class (JMFC).The office of DLC had recently launched a special drive to ensure Marathi signboards are displayed prominently on all shops in the areas under its jurisdiction. As many as 138 shops and establishments were found not displaying signboards in Marathi. Accordingly, the DLC's office issued notices to the 138 establishments with an ultimatum of three months to display signboards in Marathi or face legal action.Accordingly, the Office of DLC has taken legal action against 20 shops, which did not display signboards in Marathi even after an ultimatum of three months.The 20 shops have not displayed Marathi signboards even after the three-month ultimatum was issued to them.Speaking to TOI, DLC Rantnadeep Hendre said, \"We have filed cases against 20 shops across city in the court of JMFC. An inspection of signboards will continue onwards and a legal action will be taken against those who do not comply with the norms. Generally, non-Marathi boards are displayed in urban areas only and proportion of non-Marathi signboards are minor.\"As per the Bombay Shops &amp; Establishments Act 1948, it is mandatory for shops and establishments across Maharashtra to have their signboards in Marathi. But, most of the shops and establishments are seen not following the rules. As a result, the DLC's office has undertaken a special drive for Marathi signboards in Nashik and this drive is being implemented across Nashik division- which, apart from Nashik, also includes Jalgaon, Dhule, Ahmednagar and Nandurbar districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16405411", "title": "World Bank row: Congress launches attack on government", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as the Badal-led government scrambled to find the whodunit in their departments on a World Bank study, which it claimed to be a \"gaffe\" later, Congress leaders launched a scathing attack on the government on Friday for \"using deceit to attract investors.\"On Friday, TOI had exposed how the cash-strapped government had dubbed a 2009 World Bank study on Ludhiana as an endorsement for the state's claim for number one spot for investment. The World Bank had sought a clarification from the government after TOI brought to its notice how Punjab government had brandished the study in a press note.While reacting to the World Bank's missive and TOI expose, AICC spokesperson and Ludhiana Congress MP Manish Tewari attacked the government on their purported acts of \"chicanery.\"\"Punjab government has quoted a mythical study which ostentatiously was never carried out. This is an international extrapolation of their regular domestic behaviour where falshehood underpins the edifice of the government,\" remarked Tewari.Congress Leader of Opposition and Abohar MLA Sunil Jakhar said that state minister Anil Joshi should be booked for cheating as he used a false study to entice enterprising businessmen to commit their hard-earned fortune in the state's weakening industrial environment.\"The dragging of institution of 'World Bank' fame to hoodwink public opinion is criminal. The Industries minister of Punjab Anil Joshi should own moral responsibility and tender a public apology for his misendeavor,\" said Jakhar.When TOI reached out to Anil Joshi for his comments after the WB bared the Punjab government's goof-up, he squarely blamed the CM and his office bearers for the faux-pas.\"Even the Chief Minister had addressed mediapersons and businessmen and the same World Bank study on Punjab was used. So why blame the industries department? Ask the officials attached with the CM office who shared the World Bank study with us,\" Joshi told TOI over the phone.Both CM and deputy CM Sukhbir Badal were not available for comments. \"So what if there is no such study by the World Bank. We are still no.1 in India. If we have made a mistake by using World Bank's name. We will not use it again,\" Joshi said.Jakhar, however, said that the minister's reason for the slip-up was not enough as the government's report quoting World Bank study was picked up by local and international media.\"The minister cannot pass the responsibility on some low ranking officer. He should have retrieved his statement much before the news agencies exposed his untruth. Minister therefore cannot escape the onus of responsibility of misusing the institution of \"World bank\" for utterly unpalatable propaganda\" pointed out Jakhar.BOX: CM Badal too referred to World Bank studyTOI traced another press note issued by the CMO on August 27, which had quoted the same World Bank study, giving Punjab the No.1 status in India. In his public address, Punjab CM Parkash Badal had shared the WB study with mediapersons and the visiting Videocon group owner and MD Rajkumar Dhoot. At the same meeting, Dhoot announced that his group Videocon International would invest Rs 1,500 crore in Punjab", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16397976", "title": "No bandobast for demolition drive during Ganesh festival", "text": "PUNE: The police will not provide bandobast to the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) to conduct the demolition drive during the Ganesh festival starting from September 19. Gulabrao Pol, Pune police commissioner stated that it was not possible to spare manpower for bandobast during the demolition drive as more police were needed for bandobast during the 10 day festival. He added that the police bandobast will be provided after the festival.Pol was speaking at the recent meeting of Ganesh mandal office bearers from Pimpri Chinchwad organized by PCMC and Pune police at Pimpri for the smooth conduct of the Ganesh festival.Pimpri Chinchwad mayor Mohini Lande requested the police not to provide police bandobast during the festival. She also demanded that the police should not provide the bandobast even after the festival so that citizens who are in a state of panic due to the demolition drive get some respire. She called upon the citizens not to construct unauthorized constructions. Earlier Eknath Pawar, president, Pimpri Chinchwad unit of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) had requested the police not to provide police bandobast for the demolition drive during the festival.Lande said that the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) should not effect loadshedding at the night during the 10-day Ganesh festival so that the people can enjoy the displays prepared by the Ganesh mandals. She requested the police to allow the mandals to play music and keep the displays open till midnight on all 10 days of the festival instead of five days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16414644", "title": "Allari Naresh hikes his remuneration", "text": "Allari Naresh has hiked his remuneration now. The Comedy star turned Sudden Star has hiked his pay from Rs 1.5 crore to Rs 2.5 crores per film. After his Sudigadu film doing stunning business at the box-Office by collecting nearly Rs 15 Crores at the Box-Office, Allari Naresh seems to have felt this is the right time to increase his remuneration.His next film Yamudiki Mogudu is being directed by E Sattibabu and produced by Chanti Addala. The film has already done a good pre-release business of 12 crores. Allari Naresh has already three films under shoot Yamudiki Mogudu followed by Action which is a 3D movie under Anil Sunkara direction and a film Kevvu Keka.The small budget producers relied on Allari Naresh's films and let's see how they react to Sudden Star's sudden pay hike.source: way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16405297", "title": "21-year-old arrested for raping minor", "text": "NASHIK: The Gangapur police have arrested Rahul Bhalerao (21), resident of Jijamata Colony, Shivaji Nagar, on charges of raping his 17-year-old sister-in-law.The accused, who police said is married to the victim's older sister, was produced at a local court which remanded him in police custody till September 20.Bhalerao, a contract labourer with a company in the Satpur industrial area had fled with the victim a month ago. He was picked up from Trimbakeshwar on Thursday, along with the victim.On September 11, the victim's father had lodged a complaint with Gangapur police that the accused, resident of Jijamata Colony, ShivajiNagar, had abducted their daughter. Though a formal complaint was lodged against the accused on September 11, the two had been missing since August 16.The Gangapur police said that the accused was married to the victim's sister.The accused and the victime, reportedly got Apparently the two into a relationship got into illicit relationship and eloped from Satpur. Since the accused was the son-in-law of the complainant, the victim's father preferred not to lodge a complaint against Bhalerao and tried to trace the two himself but to no avail. However, the complainant and his family were not able to trace their son-in-law as well as their daughter.Following the complaint, the Gangapur police The police who questioned the parents the Gangapur police questioned Bhalerao's parents who reside in Trimbakeshwar. The accused, whose financial resources had reportedly been depleted since the elopement, was in touch with his parents and his money had also exhausted, reached Trimbakeshwar on Thursday where he was nabbed. The police soon got information about the accused presence at Trimbakeshwar and was subsequently nabbed.The victim confessed that she had had a physical relationship with the accused due to which rape charges have been pressed. Investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16405093", "title": "Man shot dead, looted in Nalbari", "text": "GUWAHATI: A businessman, Ashish Maskara, was shot dead by a group of gunmen in a shootout at Nalbari on Friday. Maskara was shot in the chest from point-blank range while he was on his way to a bank in Hari Mandir area of Nalbari to deposit money. The gunmen looted Rs 7.53 lakh cash from Ashish, most of which was recovered.The Nalbari police arrested two persons - Chandan Kalita and Kawaljit Singh Siddhu - in connection with the killing. The two were arrested on the highway while they were fleeing after committing the crime. However, another member of the group succeeded in getting away.\"We recovered Rs 7,26,920 from their possession. Chandan was a former Ulfa cadre and Kawaljit was a former security personnel of the Railway Protection Special Force. Both of them have criminal backgrounds,\" said Abu Sufian, Nalbari SP.Chandan, a former cadre of Ulfa's 109 Battalion, was arrested by the Guwahati police earlier in connection with the killing of one Sanjay Basak here in October last year. Kawaljit was also arrested in connection with arms smuggling.\"They paired up while in jail and made a team. At around 10.45 am, they executed their plan. They shot two bullets at the businessman, one of which hit his chest. He was declared dead when he was taken to the hospital,\" added the SP.The third suspect, who fled was on a motorbike, had the weapon with him, said the police. They also suspect the involvement of some close aide of Maskara in the attack.Locals, meanwhile, blamed the police of failing to protect common people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16405675", "title": "NRKs want to invest in infra bonds", "text": "KOCHI: They've made loads of money sweating it out in distant lands. Instead of stashing it away in banks can all that hard-earned money be used to fund infrastructure development in Kerala? That was the question which was raised in the session on non-resident Keralites (NRKs) at the Emerging Kerala meet, which was inaugurated by CM Oommen Chandy . Noted NRK businessman and vice-chairman of Norka-Roots, M A Yusuffali, pointed out that Kerala should have quality infrastructure for the NRKs to invest in the state.He said that there are many instances of Gulf-returnees investing in the state and going back to the oil-rich countries when their businesses turn unviable. \"It is the responsibility of the state government to provide infrastructure for attracting investments. Banks have invested the money deposited by them outside the state and it will be used there for developmental activities. The state government should look at issuing infrastructure bonds so that it can utilize this money for the development of state infrastructure,\" he said.C K Menon, CMD, Behzad Group, also urged the government to issue profit-guaranteed bonds for a period of five to ten years for developmental purposes. \"People working in the Gulf countries can invest a lot of money. With the RBI relaxing the norms for issuing bonds, the state government should take the necessary steps so that it will help the state overcome the economic slowdown as well,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16404320", "title": "Mapusa cops seize 425 PoP Ganesh idols", "text": "MAPUSA: Mapusa police seized 425 Ganesh idols that allegedly violated the ban on Ganesh idols made of plaster- of-paris on Thursday night.Bardez joint mamlatdar Pratap Gaonkar raided the Ganesh idols display centre at Hanuman natyagraha bhojanalay hall ( dining hall) and found Pravin Naik of Camurlim selling Ganesh idols made of plaster-of-paris.Acting on the complaint by the joint mamlatdar, Mapusa police seized the idols and also sealed the sale premises. \"Officials of the Goa state pollution control board ( GSPCB) inspected the idols and took samples. The GSPCB report is awaited,\" Mapusa PI Tushar Vernekar said.\"The report will state whether the idols are made of the banned plaster-of-paris. Action will be initiated after the report findings,\" he said. Authorities said the drive against plaster-of-paris idols and those using ecologically harmful lead-based paint would continue in the run-up to the Ganesh festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16404552", "title": "Learn to cook ratatouille today", "text": "MANGALORE: Want to learn how to cook Ratatouille, the traditional French dish? Here is an opportunity. Alliance Francaise de Mangalore (AFDM) is organizing a French cooking class exclusively to teach the recipe of ratatouille.Programme coordinator Larkins D'Souza told TOI that an expert cook from France will train Mangaloreans, who are interested in learning French delicacies, in cooking Ratatouille.\"Interested can register by paying Rs 250 to attend the two-hour class, which is to be held at Roshni Nilaya School of Social Work, Valencia here on Saturday from 2pm. One should bring pen, notebook and container to take away ratatouille. Expert will explain in detail with practical demonstration of making ratatouille. At the end of the training, participants will be served the dish and also can carry home the French delicacy,\" D'Souza said adding that AFDM will continue to organize such activities to introduce the French culture to Mangaloreans.Ratatouille is usually served as a side dish, but also may be served as a meal on its own accompanied by pasta, rice or bread. Tomato is a key ingredient in Ratatouille.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16405201", "title": "'West of Pune' property show starts today", "text": "PUNE: There's good news for prospective buyers looking for property deals in the western parts of the city. The Times of India has planned a two-day property exhibition - 'West of Pune' - showcasing 200 housing projects under one roof.The exhibition will be held at the VITS hotel near Shree Shiv Chhatrapati Sports Complex in Balewadi on Saturday and Sunday between 10.30 am and 7.30 pm. Thirty top builders will participate in the event.The exhibition will offer a perfect environment for home buyers to zero in on their dream home in Aundh, Baner, Bavdhan, Bhugaon, Pirangut, Bhukum, Wakad, Balewadi, Ravet, Ambegaon, Mahalunge, Hinjewadi, Pimpale Saudagar, Pimpale Nilakh, Rakshak Society, Rahatni, Somatane, Kalewadi, Dange Chowk, Pimpri Chinchwad, Talegaon, Chakan, Kanhe Phata and surrounding areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16405126", "title": "3 more subsidized cylinders till March", "text": "KOLKATA: Irrespective of the number of cylinders they have consumed since the beginning of the financial year in April, LPG consumers will receive three more cylinders at the existing subsidized rate till March, 2013.This was decided at a meeting between dealers and petroleum company representatives on Friday, laying to rest speculations about the number of subsidized cylinders consumers will be eligible for during the remainder of this year. Although the new unsubsidized rate has not yet been announced, multiple LPG connection users will have to surrender their extra connections and settle for one.An independent agency will soon carry out an inspection of all multiple connection-holders. Not more than one connection will be allowed per address unless it is shared by two or more families.\"One LPG connection will be allowed per family. All additional ones will have to be surrendered. We have already sent letters to our consumers asking them to give up additional connections. That apart, all consumers have been asked to fill up a form with personal details which will help us draw up a list of consumers with multiple connections,\" said Abhijit De, chief general manager, IOC. He added that the price of unsubsidized cylinders will be decided by this weekend.City dealers, on the other hand, were busy distributing forms to consumers. A majority of them were yet to receive the forms, they admitted. Petroleum companies, too, have started sending letters to multiple connection-holders asking them to surrender their entries.A list of consumers who share the same address and those who hold multiple connections at the same address were being drawn up urgently, dealers said. \"It's a gigantic task. There are numerous slums, old buildings and rented homes where we have consumers who share the same address. These will have to be inspected once the list is ready. An agency will do the job,\" said Surajit Koley, general secretary, West Bengal Petroleum Dealers' Association. Not more than 5% to 10% of the city's 27 lakh consumers held multiple connections, though, dealers said.Dealers were, however, worried about whether consumers will have the option to space out the purchase of their six subsidized cylinders in a year. \"We would prefer if consumers opt for the subsidized ones in a row. Or else, we will have to prepare a database of consumers, keeping track of their subsidized purchase,\" said Bijon Bhattacharya, general secretary of the Indane Distributors' Association.The criteria for allowing multiple connections, though, were yet to be finalized. While some distributors claimed that the inspecting team will check if there was one cylinder per kitchen, the IOL said a single connection per family will be allowed. \"The number of kitchens is immaterial. Only different families living at the same address will be allowed more than one connection. But no system can be fool-proof,\" said De.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16405464", "title": "\u2018Contests abroad important for kids\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Going overseas for various competitions has become quite a fad among schoolchildren. An emerging trend in city schools is to set up dedicated counselling cells and assigning special coordinators to enable larger participation in foreign exchange programmes.Not only is this adding to the profiles of students, but enabling them to get to know about their counterparts in countries like France, Germany, Ireland, state school officials.\"There is a huge difference in the attitude and confidence of students before and after they go for such exchange programmes. It is essential for them to know their counterparts in other countries and compete with them to know where they stand,\" says H S Mamik, chairman of Vivek High School, Sector 38. This school started a dedicated counselling centre to guide students how to participate in crucial events overseas although informally students used to be guided since last 10 years.\"On an average, 50-70 students participate in foreign exchange events each year,\" says Mamik.\"It is extremely important for students to understand other cultures and know where they stand compared to other students internationally. Sending students for foreign participation is a new trend and must be encouraged,\" says Atul Khanna, director of Strawberry Field World School. The school has specialized coordinators for such events.There are other schools that encourage one way cultural exchange to begin with.\"We invite students each year from schools in other countries like Ireland, who come to India to understand more about its culture and tradition,\" says Kavita Das, principal of St John's High School, Sector 26.Delhi Public School, Sector 41, too runs a dedicated centre that conducts cultural exchange programmes with countries like France and Germany among others. \"Students from top schools come to India and our students go abroad under a three-month cultural programme,\" says a faculty member of DPS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16405021", "title": "Rangayana to train youth in theatre art", "text": "DHARWAD: With an objective of involving youngsters in theatre activities and provide them an opportunity to display their talent, the Dharwad Rangayana will organize a month-long theatre training camp in colleges. Dharwad Rangayana director Subhash Narendra on Friday said the Rangayana has identified nine colleges for holding drama training programmes.Accordingly, nine directors have also been appointed to train students. The training camp will be held from September 17 to October 14 simultaneously at JSS Banashankari College, CSI College of Commerce, Government PU College, K H Kabbur Polytechnic, K S Jigalur Arts and Sheshagiri Commerce College and Mrutyunjaya college in Dharwad. The colleges in Hubli are Mahila Vidyapeeth, Chinmaya PU college, SJMVS Arts and Commerce college. Fifteen students from each college will be selected for the training camp.As part of the Dasara festival, the Rangayana will hold a nine-day drama festival titled 'Navaratri Yuvarangotsava'. All the nine colleges will be staging the play from October 15 to 23.108th birth anniversary The Dharwad Rangayana will also celebrate the 108th birth anniversary of renowned playwright Shriranga on September 26 at Suvarna Sammucchaya at 5:30pm. Senior theatre artist Anil Thakkar will inaugurate. Chairman of Dr D R Bendre National Memorial Trust Shamsunder Bidarkundi and Malathi Pattenshetty will be the chief guests. Theatre activist D S Chougule will deliver a special talk on works and achievements of Shriranga. This will be followed by the play 'Yamana Solu', written by Shriranga and directed by Shashidhar Narendra.Subhas Narendra stated that the Dharwad Rangayana will organize a residential drama training camp for youths from October 1 to 7 in its premises. Applications are available at the office and 35 candidates will be selected. Sproposal has been sent to the government for setting up of a theatre library at a cost of Rs 25 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16404324", "title": "Online counselling for minority students from September 16", "text": "HYDERABAD: Online counselling for B Tech and B Pharm courses in minority colleges will start on September 16 in the city at the Veterinary Association Hall in Shanti Nagar. Counselling sessions will be held on the same day in Nellore, Markapuram and Vijaywada.Course fee remittances should be paid in full and in the form of demand draft (DD) in favour of 'Convener, EAMCET-AC-SW-II-2012' payable in Hyderabad or at the bank counter in the venue. Consortium of AP Minority Educational Institutions said here on Friday that each applicant should produce original Eamcet rank card and hall ticket, Intermediate or its equivalent marks memo, SSC or its equivalent marks memo, study certificates from class VII to intermediate, residence certificate, parent's residence certificate for a period of 10 years in the state. Candidates with a parental income of less than Rs 1 lakh are exempted from payment of tuition fee on condition that they furnish an income certificate. Students will have to pay Rs 300 and Rs 600 towards registration and counselling fee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16407900", "title": "Increased tax leads to smuggling of cigarettes", "text": "Lucknow: UP government decision to increased the Value Added Tax (VAT) on cigarettes from the earlier 17.5 per cent to 50 per cent has led to the inter-state smuggling of cigarettes.Neighbouring states of Delhi, Uttarakhand , Haryana, Madhya Pradesh , Bihar , Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh have VAT rates of average 20 per cent. According to reports, inter-state smugglers are having a field day as they are able to transport cigarettes, hoodwinking the state authorities, and make huge illicit profits in the bargain.UP traders' associations have been appealing to the state government drawing the government's attention to the rampant inter-state smuggling, and seeking the review the VAT hike decision which is giving greater power to inter-state smugglers who are ruining the environment of a legitimate business activity.It is estimated that almost 25 per cent of the cigarette market has been captured by these illegal manufacturers. Their business growth spells more revenue loss for the UP government. This revenue loss, due to illegal manufacturing, runs into hundreds of crores, say industry observers.No amount of VAT hike can substitute this revenue loss to the State Exchequer due to illegal manufacturing. As per the latest Euromonitor data, illicit trade in cigarettes has been steadily increasing in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16403061", "title": "PTR may lose central funds", "text": "RANCHI: Big cats at the Palamu Tiger Reserve (PTR) could face troubled times ahead because it is feared the Centre might cease to provide funds to the park. The reason for this is that PTR has not yet been able to draft guidelines for constituting a tiger conservation foundation. The monitoring body of all 27 tiger reserves in the country, the National Tiger Conservation Foundation (NTCF) will not release any funds if a reserve does not have a TCF.A warning from NTCF in this regard was given to all tiger reserves a year ago. Odisha, Rajasthan, Uttarakhand , Karnataka and a few other states were quick to rise to the occasion. The ban would also mean PTR would not be able to receive any grant from the Centre or individuals for tiger conservation.Deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahto , who is also in charge of forests, apparently turned down a tentative draft prepared by the forest department as it contained many errors. \"Mahto was furious as the report was faulty in areas of budgeting and finance ,\" said a senior official.Forest secretary Alka Tiwari said, \"The department is re-doing the draft.\"D S Srivastava, a member of NTCF, also said the re-drafting may take some time. NTCF had circulated a dummy draft among states some time back. Some states have used this draft and customized it according to their needs. But Jharkhand has not been able to do anything in this regard. Principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife), A K Malhotra, said, \"There are some queries from the ministry and it will take some time.\"NTCF funds are now given to the state government. But once the TCF is formed, the funds will be transferred directly to this body. PTR has been in bad shape for quite some time now. An NTCF team visited the park recently and expressed anguish over its upkeep. In the past 38 years, over 44 tigers have vanished from PTR. In 1974, there were 50 tigers while their number came down to 38 in 2005. A census in 2007 showed that only 17 tigers were present at PTR. It further dwindled to just six in 2009. Currently there are six tigers at PTR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16403045", "title": "State parties oppose diesel price hike", "text": "RANCHI: The ruling BJP, the opposition Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (JVM) and various social organizations on Friday asked the Centre to rollback its decision to increase diesel price and put a cap on the use of cooking gas.Chief minister Arjun Munda said the cap on LPG would encourage black marketing. \"The UPA is suffering from policy paralysis. It would adversely affect the common man. The rise in prices of essential commodities has already worried the aam admi. The cap on LPG gas subsidy would lead to black marketing of cooking gas,\" he added.BJP state president Dineshanand Goswami said, \"The hike in diesel prices will directly affect every citizen. The Centre is running the country as a private enterprise.\" Over 400 BJP activists burnt the effigies of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress president Sonia Gandhi at Albert Ekka Chowk here.Some BJP activists carried LPG cylinders to draw the attention of the government. \"It is not possible for a family to run the kitchen for one year with just six cylinders. It is unimaginable,\" BJP activist Suryamani Singh said.The Jharkhand Vikash Morcha described the Centre's decision as \"cruel\". JVM activist Rajiv Ranjan Mishra said, \"It is like snatching food from the plates of the common man. The government has no right to rule.\" The JVM said it would carry out more protests to force the Centre on rollback.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16405125", "title": "The 50 of 1956: A tale of rare bonding", "text": "KOLKATA: They passed out of school 56 years ago. But this batch of 50 students, which left Ballygunge Government School in 1956, shares a bonding that would perhaps last till the end of their lives.In their mid-70s now, they like to be collectively called '56 Er 50' (the '50 of 56'), though 10 members have passed away. All of them had joined school way back in 1948 in the lowest standard - Class III. Each of them did well in life, but they never forgot their schooldays. Every year, they try to fly down from across the world to attend their annual meeting and even spend some time in their old classroom with their favourite teachers torelive the fondest memories of their school life. In 1980, their bonding even took the shape of a bi-annual magazine called '56 Er 50', where they write on varied topics.These 50 men perhaps had the best time of their lives in school, which they could never forget. \"In those days, life was much simpler and we used to have a lot of fun in school. Because of that, studies never became a burden. The rat race was somehow absent. So even people like scientist Satyen Bose or Justice S M Murshed got their sons admitted here instead of some high-profile English-medium school,\" said Debobrata Ray, engineer and educationist.\"Our headmaster Jyotindranath Banerjee was a great man, a strict disciplinarian. We used to greet teachers with suprabhat (good morning) or with suswagatam (welcome). The teacher-student relationship was of a different level. Life was never trite, despite living within strict discipline. In those days, the idea of private tuition was non-existent. Teachers used to put their heart and soul into their job. In that impressionable age, school etched a permanent place in our memories,\" said barrister S A Murshed, better known as Jolly among his batchmates of '56.Initially, we used to immerse ourselves in nostalgia. But after a point of time, nostalgia starts declining. We then started diversifying our discussions into different topics. The magazine was a bi-product of this boredom with nostalgia. In those days, teachers used to encourage us to manifest our hidden talents. One of the challenging exercises was sketching a song. One boy would sign and four or five others would try to translate the song into pictures. So we would get four or five different interpretations of the same song. Such exercises were extremely exciting and a lot of fun,\" recounted Ardhendu Shekhar Dutta, a well known artist.The members now live all across the globe. \"Not every time can everyone be at the get-together. But they invariably call from whatever time-zone they are in. So we have a virtual conference. Every year, we collect some contribution for our magazine and courier it to all our batchmates across the globe,\" said Tapan Ganguly, a retired civil servant.When we meet, we think of ourselves as the boys of '56. We believe that one is as his or her faith and as old as his or her despair. So we had a great fun in going back to class room.\"One of our favourite teachers was Sukumar Mitra, who is no more. He had keen interests in various things in life. He used to sing mellifluously. We had a great rapport with him. So we would go back to the classroom with Mitra who taught us why one should read history,\" said Ray.\"It was an amazing way to look back at our boyhood - those days of unalloyed joy - which will never come back in our lives,\" said Dutta. \"In those days, there was no social networking site, not even reliable telephone connectivity. But we somehow managed to not lose touch with each other. Our batch bonding is so strong that we did not even get into the alumni association of the school called Praktoni,\" said Ganguly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16404000", "title": "FDI a mood changer: Ajit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Allowing foreign airlines to invest in Indian carriers would prove to be a \"mood changer\" for the crisis-ridden sector, said aviation minister Ajit Singh. \"The airline sector is facing serious financial stress and banks are not willing to give any more working capital loans. Now the mood will change and airlines can look forward to funding internally and externally,\" Singh told TOI.However, Singh realizes that India needs to improve its cost-unfriendly environment for airlines before they can hope to become profitable and become attractive investment for foreign players.\"We have a huge middle class and travel is growing. Airbus and Boeing say India will show the maximum demand for planes along with China. Even in a worst case scenario during this global slowdown, our growth rate won't be below 5%. The aviation ministry is pushing ahead with major reforms and we have asked the finance ministry to declare jet fuel as a notified good to rationalize its price,\" Singh said. Jet fuel, with 20%-30% sales tax levied by states on top of hikes in prices by oil marketing companies each time crude gets dearer, accounts for over half of an Indian carrier's operating cost.\"FDI is through and fuel issue must be sorted out. On my part, we are going ahead with preparing a new policy to increase domestic connectivity by making it must for airlines to fly to small towns and for that have small aircraft in their fleet. It will require funds and that will come once the cost issues are sorted out.\" To attract global airlines to launch start-ups, the ministry is planning to relax the 20-aircraft and five-year rule for desi carriers to fly abroad. \"The current downturn is temporary. Indian aviation, in the long run, has a great future and we are laying the path for that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16403753", "title": "NCP leaders have turned into feudal lords: Ajit Pawar", "text": "THANE: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar severely chastised NCP leaders from Thane, Navi Mumbai and Kalyan for putting party interests secondary to theirs and failing to build confidence among the workers. The asperity of his words were directed at the growing rift within the NCP, which was leading to insecurity among cadre, said insiders.Pawar, who was in Thane for a shake-up of the NCP top brass, publicly berated deputy chairperson of the state legislative council Vasant Davkhare, NCP MLA Jitendra Awhad, excise minister Ganesh Naik and Cidco chairman Pramod Hindurao, all of them seated on the dias. \"The NCP still does not have an office in Thane and Navi Mumbai. Whenever we come to Thane we are driven to a bungalow, which is said to be the party office and introduced to a variety of species of birds. Ganesh Naik lords over Navi Mumbai but still there is no party office. They have all become feudal lords,\" said Pawar, even as corporators and party members nodded their assent. \"If leaders like Vasantrao (Davkhare), Jitendra (Awhad) and Hanmant (Jagdale, leader of NCP in the corporation) decide to have a party office in Thane, it will not be difficult. But one needs to have the will to do it.\" Pawar was scheduled to inaugurate the party offices of two NCP corporators in Lokmanya Nagar and Mumbra but as information trickled in that the structures were unauthorized, he refused to attend the event.Though the deputy chief minister showered praises on municipal commissioner R A Rajeev, he warned that going by the poor performance of the Thane civic body, the new corporation could be dissolved. \"If development projects and citizens' work are hampered, the state will not hesitate to dissolve the Thane corporation. The debt-ridden Akola civic body faced a similar fate as it could not pay salaries to its staffers,\" Pawar said.He also brushed aside the speculation about three- and four-way split of Thane district. \"Thane will be divided into two districts as soon as we get the recommendations by the committee headed by Konkan divisional commissioner V Nahata,\" Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16408275", "title": "BEST electricity bills should be sent by email : Panel members", "text": "MUMBAI: BEST committee members want electricity bills in island city to be sent by email, thereby saving lakhs of rupees spent on paper bills. '\"The BEST can curb its losses in the power division by reducing the costs of sending paper bills. Why cant we switch over to emails,\" MNS member in the committee, Kedar Hombalkar, said.In island city, there will be at least 60 % consumers who will agree to paperless bills and save the undertaking lakhs of rupees annually.'' He further stated that several private mobilephone companies were insisting on sending bills to customers by email. \"It is also an eco-friendly exercise and will save us lot of money at the same time,'' he stated.He further said that there should be a crackdown on power thieves as the power technical and distribution (T&D;) losses had touched an alarming figure of 11 % in the past one year.\"The vigilance squad should be pulled up for not bringing down the rate of power thefts,'' he demanded. Another committee member Ravi Raja, while agreeing that bills should be sent online, said the department should first rectify its fault in the billing process. He pointed out that \"zero\" billing was rampant despite assurances given by the higher authorities in BEST that such incidents will not recur. \"Also, 17,000 electricity meters are lying defunct and are in urgent need of repairs. Why cant the administration expedite this process,\" he demanded.He alleged that T&D; losses too had gone up from 7.81 % to nearly 11 %. \"The figures for power purchase, sale and consumption for 2010-11 and 2011-12 indicate that the losses have touched 11 %.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16404308", "title": "GHMC union leaders put MPs, MLAs to shame", "text": "HYDERABAD: It might not be general or assembly elections, but the employee union election for the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC), which is slated for Saturday, is being fought with equal ferocity. The contestants are luring the electorate with all kinds of promises and freebies like house plots, free watches for men and sarees for women.Though, officially, there is only one recognized union which is allowed to deal with the GHMC officials on employee-related issues, there are about six other unions and independent candidates in the fray. Over Rs 5 crore has already been spent by the dozen unions and independent candidates towards election expenditure during the last 10 days of the campaign. The money was spent for hoardings, posters, banners, meeting, parties and gifts. \"The unions and the contestants spend money freely because of the benefits and clout they enjoy if they win like bagging lucrative contracts, collecting bribes and pulling strings to secure transfer of their favourites,\" said a source.To lure voters, some of the unions started distributing cash, liquor and other gifts like sarees from Thursday. One of the unions even went to the extent of giving away watches with its name printed on it. Bhagyanagar Employees Union even complained to Chaderghat police on Friday saying that another union represented by an independent candidate distributed Rs 1,000 per employee at a lodge near Chaderghat. \"We have received oral complaint about the distribution of money. The department has deputed two officers to verify and take action against the culprits,\" joint commissioner and verification officer of labour department MN Varahala Reddy told TOI.Interestingly, officials of the labour department, which conduct and oversee the election process, have admitted that election expenditure ran into crores which is unprecedented. But they claim that their hands are tied as there is no ceiling on the election expenditure unlike in other elections. The candidates are not required to give details of the expenditure to the department even after the election is over.To the question from where do the unions get so much money, sources answered that many unions collect huge donations from various GHMC wings. They said that departments like town planning, transportation, tax section and engineering have considerable 'extra revenue generation'. \"The unions fix an amount from Rs 3 to Rs 5 lakh to be collected from each wing,\" an official of the corporation said. Corrupt officials are the first targets for cash donations.Official sources said the election is important for employees' unions as the 'recognized union' will become authorised union for the two year term and represent about 7,500 non-gazetted employees. The GHMC officials also hold talks with the recognised union in case there is any problem. This union also plays crucial role in transfers, promotions and other service issues.The unions are not behind in making promises. They are promising house sites for all the municipal employees, cashless health insurance cards, super-specialty hospital on the lines of APSRTC, promotions and scrapping of deputations as the municipal employees will rise to the level of additional commissioner in the corporation.Officials said Municipal Karmika Sangam (HMS affiliated), AP Municipal Sahakar Mazdoor Union, (INTUC), Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh (BMS), Municipal Corporation of Hyderabad Employees and Workers Union (CITU), Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation Employees Union (independent, represented by U Gopal) and Greater Hyderabad Employees and Workers Union (independent, represented by Srinivas Goud) are in the fray.Arrangements have been made by the Labour department for the election. Twenty five booths were set up in all the 18 circles. \"The polling will be conducted from 9am to 4pm and counting of votes will be taken up soon after the polling and the results are expected by night,\" the verification officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16404815", "title": "1 dies, 1 hurt as four vehicles collide", "text": "BHOPAL: In a freak incident, a person was killed and another sustained critical injuries after four vehicles--two bikes, a jeep and a loading auto--collided on the Bhopal-Mandideep road here late on Thursday.The deceased, identified as Narayan Singh Meena, 45, was the resident of Mandideep. A police constable, Vivek, a resident of Jehangirabad area, sustained critical injuries.The incident took place in front of the Gyan Ganga School. A jeep bearing registration number MP38-CA-1076 and a loading auto-MP05-LA-0488 collided due to over-speeding.The victims riding on two separate two-wheelers close to two four-wheelers were hit in the accident, the police said. Meena and Vivek were rushed to a private hospital, where Meena was declared dead and the condition of Vivek is critical.The drivers of loading auto and jeep left the vehicles and fled. \"We have registered cases against both the unidentified drivers and efforts are on to nab him,\" said town inspector Bahadur Singh Bamne.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16405473", "title": "\u2018Kidnapping\u2019 cop lands motorist behind bars", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a shocking incident, a Chandigarh Police constable was thrashed and pulled inside a car by the accused near the airport light point on late Thursday. After pulling the cop inside the vehicle the accused identified as Yuvraj, a resident of Sector 40, accelerated the car. A PCR intercepted the car after chasing it for a distance of over one-kilometer.The accused was arrested and booked under various sections of the IPC, including sections 307 (attempt to murder), 363 (punishment for kidnapping), 332 (voluntarily causing hurt to deter public servant from his duty), 279 (rash driving) and 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty).\"Yuvraj, who was driving a Ford with registration number PAH-2, was coming from Ambala side. He was signalled to stop by constable Barinder Singh as he was not wearing seat belt. After stopping the car, the accused manhandled the cop and pulled him inside the vehicle and sped away,\" said a police official.He added, \"However, he was arrested after a brief chase and has been booked under various sections of IPC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407043", "title": "A real haunted house for RGV\u2019s Bhoot Returns?", "text": "It is said that there's no place like home. Keeping that faith of things in mind most of us live in our houses. The house chosen for the shoot of Bhoot Returns has a story to tell.The house wasn't chosen because it has a story, but because at night it gave an eerie feel. Much later during the shoot of the film RGV broke the news to the cast that the house has many stories.Also the first owner of the house had committed suicide in that very house. The current owner of the house willingly gave the house to RGV for the shoot with a promise of not giving out the address of the house in the movie or the media. The cast of the movie got quite spooked after getting to know this. They used to try and stay together for night shoots. IT wasn't really the house that did anything, but the eeriness to it continues.\"We got to know the house has a history after we started shooting for the movie. The cast and crew did get a little spooked and scared when they came to know that someone had committed suicide in that house. I for myself was too busy trying to scare so never got time to get scared myself,\" said RGV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16403175", "title": "2 held for drugs smuggling", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two people were arrested on Friday for possessing 80,000 tablets of restricted medicines which were allegedly being smuggled to the US and Canada. Authorities of the Delhi zonal unit of narcotics control bureau conducted searches at some locations in South Delhi and seized tablets of illegal anti-depressants.Sanjay Kumar Pandey and Mahabir Singh, both residents of Sonepat in Haryana, were arrested under the provisions of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act. They were residing in Mahipalpur, and would courier illegal consignments to countries like the United States and Canada, sources said. The duo had been working together for the last three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407091", "title": "Ram Kapoor at a cookery workshop in Kolkata", "text": "Foodies in the city were in for a treat when The Yellow Chilli \u2014 brainchild of chef Sanjeev Kapoor \u2014 organized a special event at the restaurant. A live cookery workshop demonstrating signature mouth-watering dishes by Kapoor kept a group of more than 100 ladies hooked.Sanjeev and actor Pallavi Chatterjee, who was also present at the event, rustled up six signature dishes. Mouth-watering delicacies like Hara Bhara Kebab, Paneer Takatak, Palak Chhole in pita bread, Motichoor Ki Phirni, Kappa Biriyani and Punjabi Kadhi with rice balls were made, and by the looks of it, they really wowed the bunch of foodies who had come down for the do. \"Kolkata is a place for food lovers. I simply love the traditional and simple preparations like Chorchori and Luchi and of course all the sweets ranging from sandesh to Lavanga Latika,\" said Sanjeev. \"People associate Bengali food with seafood and sweets. This is not true and I have tried to paint the right picture with this restaurant,\" he added.Speaking at the do, Ganesh Agarwal, chairman and MD of Sanjeev Kapoor's The Yellow Chilli, Kolkata, said, \"I keep bringing the master chef here because I want the liaison between him and Kolkata to grow.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16404592", "title": "Snag grounds Colombo flight, 150 stranded", "text": "TRICHY: Nearly 150 passengers, booked on UL-132 to Colombo from Trichy, were stranded in the security hold area of the Tiruchirappalli airport on Friday morning after checking-in, as the flight developed some technical glitch and was rendered un-airworthy. The aircraft was scheduled to take off at 8.30am after it arrives from Colombo, but it was grounded without setting a time of departure, much to the chagrin of the passengers.The passengers were told that the repair crew would arrive in Trichy on the second flight UL-133 that comes from Colombo daily and lands in Trichy airport around 2.15 pm. However, 44 of the Gulf-bound passengers were to be transited through Colombo. These passengers were bound for destinations in UAE and Jeddah.Though the connecting flights were also operated by Sri Lankan Airlines from Colombo the inordinately delay bothered them. R Manoharan, a freight agent based in Coimbatore, was one of the passengers who were grounded at the security hold area, and he told TOI over the phone that the Lankan crew were tight-lipped about what actually happened. Questions were raised as to when exactly the glitch had developed on the flight, and whether it could be fixed by local crew. An inside source told TOI that a leakage was detected in the fuel tube, and the ground staff did not certify it flight worthy.The transit passengers were particularly annoyed at the silence of the Lankan crew, and the latter tried to pacify them by serving breakfast, and then lunch.The stranded passengers could not be accommodated in the second flight UL-134 too that takes off from Trichy at 3.30 pm as it was fully booked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16404769", "title": "State told to tap funds for Pune Metro", "text": "PUNE: The state government cannot expect any direct funding from the central government for the Pune Metro. The central government has made it clear that the state will have to work out a concrete plan with details about how it will get funding for the project before sending the project for approval.\"The state government has decided to share 20 per cent cost of the project and a separate company will be formed to raise another 50 per cent amount. Already the state has appointed a committee under chief secretary to tap funds for metro. The central government has assured support to the project, but it will only facilitate financing instead of direct funding,\" said a senior state government official.The central government has stated that it will not initiate the construction of a metro rail system in any city. It has communicated to all state governments that urban transport is a state issue and the central government will not intervene unless the state takes the initiative.Last week, minister of state for urban development Saugata Roy , in a written reply to a question in Rajya Sabha, had stated that the government does not plan to initiate action for construction of metro rail system in any city in the country.\"Urban transport is completely intertwined with urban development which is a state subject. As such, the proposals for urban transport projects in cities have to originate from the respective state governments,\" he said.Roy said that central financial assistance is extended to proposals on merits in the form of gross budgetary support or grants under the ministry of finance scheme for financial support to public-private partnerships in infrastructure. At present, the central government has approved the metro rail in Delhi, Bangalore, Kolkata, Mumbai, Hyderabad, Kochi and Jaipur.In June, the state cabinet gave its assent to the much-awaited Pune metro rail project, approving the 14.925-km elevated route from Vanaz to Ramwadi. The cabinet also decided to form the Pune Metro Rail Corporation (PMRC) for the implementation of the metro project, which is to be completed within the next five years. The cabinet nod for the metro project came close on the heels of the union urban development ministry's decision to consider metros in cities with a population of more than 20 lakh.The state government has decided to follow the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) model for Pune metro, where 10 per cent of the total project cost will be contributed by the PMC while the state and Centre will contribute 20 per cent each. The remaining 50 per cent will be raised by the Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) using various options like Build-Operate-Transfer (BOT) and Public Private Partnership (PPP).\"The Overseas Development Assistance (ODA) from Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) is being availed of for implementing metro rail projects in India. The funds are being released by central ministry of urban development. Pune can also stake claims on these funds once the proposal is appraised by the central government,\" a state official said.DPR RevalidationExperts and civic activists have demanded that the civic body needs to revalidate the Detailed Project Report (DPR).As per the final draft submitted to the PMC by the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) in June 2009, the state government was to approve the plan the same month, while the central government was to give its consent by August. A tendering system was scheduled by October 2009, after which the actual work was to start. As per this plan, Pune is supposed to get its metro by May 30, 2014. However, things have not moved as per the plan and the state government and the PMC are pointing fingers at each other.Chief executive and managing director of Hyderabad Metro V B Gadgil who was recently in Pune suggested that the Detailed Project Report's (DPR) of metros should be revalidated before actual work begins.\"There is a gap between the preparation of DPR and actual project work. The city changes every day and infrastructure is being added. Hence, the DPR should not be stagnant. Before launching of actual project work the DPR should be revalidated and amended according to the ground realities\" said Gadgil.The state government has issued directives to regulate development works along the proposed Vanaz-Ramwadi metro corridor. A five-metre stretch is to be frozen for development works with immediate effect. A no-objection certificate will be compulsory for any construction within 50 metres of the proposed alignment. However, the PMC and the state have no mechanism in place to implement the directive.The directive is in consonance with the DMRC metro report which states: The government should freeze all development works along the corridors. For any constructions within 50 metres of the proposed alignment, a system of no objection certificate should be introduced so that infrastructure expenditure at a later stage is avoided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16407937", "title": "EBay's new logo 'strikingly' similar to Google's logo", "text": "LONDON: Web giant eBay has unveiled a new logo for its website, which has striking similarities with its old one and also with Google's iconic homepage logo.The auction and shopping site has had the same logo since the 1990s, but the redesigned logo looks like little more than a flattened-out version of the old.The logo was revealed by company president Devin Wenig, who said the move reflected a shift away from auctions and collectibles toward full-priced, buy-it-now merchandise.\"The eBay logo is known the world over, so changing it was not a decision made lightly. The time felt right,\" the Daily Mail quoted Wenig, as writing in a letter to the employees.eBay is focusing more on new, fixed-priced sales as it tries to compete better with Amazon.com , which has been growing faster.\"It's eBay today: a global online marketplace that offers a cleaner, more contemporary and consistent experience,\" Wenig wrote.\"Auction-style listings, used goods, vintage items and quirky, one-of-a-kind finds are still a big part of what makes buying and selling on eBay special,\" he added.The move is reminiscent of Microsoft's own redesign last month, when the PC behemoth revealed a more straightforward logo in its first design change for 25 years, the paper said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16404842", "title": "Leopard caught in wire snare dies", "text": "MYSORE: A leopard trapped in a wire snare inside Bandipur tiger reserve died on Friday. This comes two months after a gang of poachers was arrested for placing jaw traps inside the Biligiri Ranga Tiger (BRT) wildlife sanctuary.Authorities suspect that the trap was laid by locals to catch a boar or a hare. The leopard, around 8 years, was found dead in a snare in N Begur forest range near Katwalu village. The feline died because of the injuries sustained while trying to claw out of the snare, said forest officials. A Special Tiger Protection Force team has been asked to probe the crime along with jurisdiction forest officers, said Kumar Pushkar, director, Bandipur Tiger Reserve.Authorities have intensified checks inside the forest and said that they have not discovered any other snares in the reserved areaPushkar ruled out the role of any organized gang laying the trap. \"Going by the way the trap was laid we are sure that it was done by the locals,\" he added.In July BRT reserve authorities had arrested a six-member gang from Haryana for laying jaw traps for tigers inside the reserve area. The jaw traps would be activated in the night. In the morning they would be dismantled and stowed away.Following their arrest, patrolling was intensified and checks were conducted to discover traps.Former Kumki Kavita unwellKavita, an elephant from the K Gudi elephant camp, a regular at the Dasara celebrations since years is battling for survival.The 75-year-old kumki (accompanying) elephant has poor vision in one eye because of which it has been a victim of minor accidents in the forest. Recently it stumbled in the forest injuring herself badly.The elephant is weak and unwell from the past 15 days. No veterinarian from the department has visited K Gudi camp to treat the elephant. \"It is aged and there is no point in treating it,\" allegedly said a doctor when he was told of the elephant's suffering.However, Biligiri Ranga Tiger (BRT) wildlife sanctuary director Vijaya Mohan Raj denied that elephants in the camps are being neglected . He denied allegations that Kavita was not being treated. \"In fact, we have started giving special food to the elephant so that she gains energy. She is responding to treatment.\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16404199", "title": "Cop set to book chain-snatchers under MCOCA", "text": "NAGPUR: The city police are set to prosecute a gang of chain-snatchers under the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA). Names of five accused have already been finalized, with the proposal just awaiting a nod from deputy inspector general of police (DIG) Ankush Shinde, holding the rank of additional commissioner of police.The decision to slap MCOCA on Sachin Peshwe and three others of his gang, engaged in a series of robberies including chain-snatchings, is likely to be taken on Saturday. A person who received the stolen property and helped the gang dispose off the stolen goods is also likely to be included among the accused.Peshwe and his gang, arrested by Hudkeshwar police earlier this year, was found to be involved in around a dozen cases of chain-snatchings and several other incidents of vehicle thefts. Stolen property worth around Rs 5 lakh was also recovered from them.It is learnt that police have accumulated details of 17 cases against Peshwe and his gang. Additional CP Shinde said Peshwe would change his partners and engage different persons in his gang. \"We will add further chargesheets and increase the numbers of accused as and when details come to fore,\" he said. The senior officer said an officer of Assistant CP rank is required to probe MCOCA charges, so he has taken over the case.Apart from the Peshwe gang, city police are also set to slap MCOCA against Parag Dange and his friend Parag Gaikwad, who were nabbed by Dhantoli police last year. Dange is a fire engineering student while Gaikwad was studying in Bachelor of Computer Science.City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay has initiated the tough measure of slapping MCOCA against chain-snatchers, who have kept the cops on their toes, with regular crimes. Dhanvijay, being an officer of additional director general of police rank, has the authority to give sanction to charge sheet culprits under MCOCA charges.Dhanvijay said that they are preparing strong cases against the culprits charged under MCOCA. \"We are taking the pains to make the cases legally strong,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16404279", "title": "Girl locked up for not paying school fees", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after a school boy died because of corporal punishment at Madannapet, yet another similar case alleged corporal punishmentcame to light on Friday at Habsiguda. The authorities of Sri Sai High School allegedly locked a second class girl in a room for not paying school fee on Thursday.OU SI Srinivas told TOI that the parents of Chandana however did not lodge a complaint following an apology from the school authorities. Police said that as Chandana's parents failed to pay the school fee of Rs 2,500, the girl was locked in a room on Thursday.\"After the girl's parents came to know about the incident they approached the school authorities. But the girl's parents claim that they were abused. Subsequently, they staged dharna in front of the school,\" Srinivas said. Police said that the victim's parents decided not to lodge a complaint after they were given an apology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16404645", "title": "US mission comes under attack", "text": "CHENNAI: Muslim activists protesting against a film allegedly mocking Prophet Muhammed pelted stones and footwear at the US consulate in Chennai on Friday. Slogan-shouting protesters belonging to the Tamil Nadu Muslim Munnetra Kazhagam (TMMK) damaged the window panes of the inquiry counter and three police booths in front of the heavily-fortified consulate on Anna Salai. Two security guards were injured in the attack.Around 1,500 protesters came in groups and assembled near the consulate around 4pm. While some attacked the inquiry counter with logs, others went around smashing decorative glass paintings on the compound wall. The protesters also set fire to an effigy and some American flag. \"We just could not do anything as the protesters were more in number,\" said a policeman. Several security cameras were damaged in the attack.A group of TMMK activists had gathered near a mosque on Peters Road in Royapettah as they had obtained permission to stage a protest. But when police stopped them from moving towards the US consulate by putting up barricades, they informed another group which was coming from Tambaram. The second group, consisting of about 200 people, got off their vehicles near Gemini flyover and rushed towards the Oxford Printing Press near the consulate. Later even the protesters who had gathered on Peters Road managed to breach security and reached the US mission.Soon more police personnel arrived on the scene and dispersed the protesters. Around 700 picked up and taken to New College, where they were detained for some time before being let off. No one has been arrested.Officials at the consulate said all the staff were safe. \"The protestors came around 4.15 pm and threw stones at the consulate, damaging the perimeter wall,\" a consulate spokesperson told a news agency. US information officer Anand Krishna said the mission was putting together a statement and would react shortly. Regional security officer Marlon Grullon inspected the damage, but refused to speak to the media.City police commissioner J K Tripathy visited the consulate and held talks with senior American officials and assured them of protection. Speaking to TOI, he said: \"I have assured them that we have enhanced security in around the consulate''.When asked if this was an intelligence failure as the Muslim party had called for a press conference and even sent text messages to people and the media about the protest, he said, \"It is a one off incident when one group broke away and indulged in violence.\"In a statement, TMMK president J S Ribayee said the picketing was to register their protest against the film. \"We had met a couple of days ago and decided about this protest. We had decided that we would go ahead even if there was a heavy police presence. This is our way of showing that we are upset and angry over the depiction of the prophet,'' one of the protesters said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407179", "title": "Voluptous is beautiful, ask men: Vidya Balan", "text": "Despite speculations of her marriage, Vidya Balan says she is not in a hurry to tie the knot. \"I am not going any where. When marriage happens, which is not on the cards anytime soon, I'll inform the world about it,\" she says with a mischievous smile.\"There is a world of time for me, that's the reason I am not on signing spree after the success of The Dirty Picture . Even before the film became a success I preferred doing one film at a time. Ghanchakkar is the project I am currently working on. I have teamed up with my earlier director of No One Killed Jessica , Raj Kumar Gupta and my co-star of The Dirty Picture Emraan Hashmi. We have completed a major chunk of shooting of the film. Next year, I will be part of Shaadi Ke Side Effects . This is all I am doing right now,\" she says when asked about what's keeping her busy work-wise.\"I choose roles that help me to be another person and when I find them compelling enough, then I go ahead and do them. There are great roles being written and I feel blessed if they come to me and I can make the most of them. Today, the industry is like a pandora's box... you don't know what might come next. But it is heartening to see that lot of good roles are being written for women actors in the industry. It started some time back, but today it is more evident. There are very well -read people out there in the industry who are churning out great scripts,\" adds Vidya, who was in a village near Varanasi for a social cause recently.However, despite the change, much remains to be done has far as emoluments are concerned, Vidya feels. \"The gap between the male and female actors in the industry, in terms of payments, remains. Women actors still remain underpaid as compared to their male counterparts, but I hope things will change in the future,\" she says.And while we're talking about trends in the industry, the size zero fad refuses to go. Even then, Vidya's stood by her more curvy Indian figure. So, what does she have to say about a recent comment by Kareena Kapoor on fat not being sexy? \"Voluptuous is beautiful. Ask the men, and you will get the answer. Indian women have the kind of face and a certain body structure that makes them voluptuous. I flaunt my features and structure. And why not,\" she asks.But those extra kilos gained during the making of The Dirty Pictures are no longer visible, though Vidya says she did not do much to shed the weight. \"Since I could not hold so much in the first place, it went away during the promotion of the film! A couple of kilos which remain will go away after I do a few more films. I do not think about weight any more as it is not worthy of being given a thought,\" she says with a laugh.Indulging the woman in her, the actor was keen to shop for Banarasi saris while in the city. \"I love Banarasi saris and would be shopping some for my mother, sister and of course, myself. Banarasi paan is also something which I wish to relish since I have heard a lot about it,\" she added, before signing off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16408309", "title": "Protests against anti-Islam film continues, security beefed up at US consulate", "text": "CHENNAI: At least 2,000 protested outside the Thousand lights mosque on Peters Road, a few yards away from the US Consulate in Chennai, at 10 am on Saturday to protest the controversial anti-Islam film for the second day. The protesters, who were denied permission to march towards the consulate, raise anti-us slogans and burnt US flags and pictures of US president Barrack Obama .On Friday an angry mob, members of the Muslim Munnetra Kazhagam, ransacked security cabins and cameras outside the consulate demanding action against film maker. The anti-Islam film, Innocence of Muslims, has led to similar attacks against US consulates in several countries including Egypt, Libya and Yemen . Police beefed up security outside the US consulate on Dr Radhakrishnan Salai.Some protestors were seen breaking the police cordon in an attempt to enter the consulate. Traffic on the arterial Anna Salai came to stand still. Traffic police were seen diverting traffic to smaller roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16404816", "title": "Left, right united in opposing retail FDI", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is facing a pincer attack over its reform decisions with opposition parties ranging from BJP to the Left planning nation-wide protests, possibly on the same day, against UPA-2's bid to allow FDI in sectors like multi brand retail and civil aviation.Regional parties like Samajwadi Party and Janata Dal (U) also joined the chorus of protests, demanding a rollback of the hike in diesel prices along with FDI decisions being put on hold. Left-SP coordination was evident with CPM leader Prakash Karat speaking to Mulayam Singh Yadav. \"We will soon build a nation-wide coalition against the government's decisions,\" the CPM general secretary said, adding, \"The date for a nation-wide bandh will be announced soon.\"CPM leader Brinda Karat suggested all parties opposed to the government's decisions could protest in a manner that will bring maximum pressure to bear on the Centre. The possibility of an opposition gang-up with its own allies in a sullen mood will be a challenge for the Congress as it will appear isolated in such a scenario.The BJP attacked the government for making people pay for its inability to manage the economy and hit out at UPA-2 for turning a blind eye at scams that cost the treasury lakhs of crores of rupees in lost revenue. BJP leader Rajnath Singh said the \"hurried\" decision on FDI had been taken in response to foreign pressure.The BJP said it would affect the livelihood of those engaged in the Indian retail trade. The party is open to coordinating protests with other parties in forcing a bandh and organizing a show of strength against the government.\"It is pertinent to note that recently the UPA government has come under severe criticism for corruption and policy paralysis... to restore his (the PM's) sagging image in the foreign media the government has suddenly decided to allow FDI in multi-brand retail,\" Singh said. He also challenged UPA allies like NCP and Trinamool Congress and outside supporters like Samajwadi Party, saying, \"It is time UPA's coalition partners withdraw support if they are opposed to FDI in retail.\"On FDI in civil aviation, BJP spokesperson Rajiv Pratap Rudy said, \"We have almost the same stand (as the government). We are not opposed to FDI in aviation.\" But he maintained India's civil aviation sector needed to becomes \"robust\" before handling the challenge of foreign airlines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16402276", "title": "Hills And Stars tipped for feature", "text": "PUNE: Last year's Pune Derby winner Hills And Stars looks better among five contenders in the Idar Gold Trophy (Grade 3), the feature event of the Saturday's Pune Races.S Padmanabhan-trained Hills And Stars had won the Governor's Cup impressively last month in Bangalore and seems set for another good performance. Pesi Shroff's Macchupicchu and Ocaen And Beyond may pose some threat for Hills And Stars.There are 10 races on Saturday and the first will start at 1 pm.Selections1. Capitulate Plate (1200m): Warrior Prince 1, Macho Uno 2.2. So Perfect Plate (1400m): Secret Magic 1, Walk Of Life 2.3. Consequence Plate (1400m): Silk Cut 1, Incognito 2.4. Personified Plate (1600m): Carlyle Hills 1, Mighty King 2.5. Radical Force Trophy-Div-II (1200m): Apocalypse 1, Sterling Silver 2.6. Premier Collection Plate (2000m): Admirals Stride 1, Belmont 2.7. Cape Knight Plate-Div-II (1000m): Prince 1, Herzeliyah 2.8. Idar Gold Trophy, Grade 3 (2400m): Hills And Stars 1, Macchupicchu 2.9. Radical Force Trophy-Div-I (1200m): Roger Bcool 1, Legends Order 2.10. Cape Knight Plate-Div-I (1000m): Wind Of The Hills 1, Wild Imagination 2.Day's best: Admirals Stride", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16402878", "title": "Doctor, medical store owner held for taking bribe", "text": "JAIPUR: The CBI on Friday arrested a CISF doctor and a medical store owner for taking bribe. Officials said the medical store owner was caught red-handed accepting bribe on behalf of the doctor in Amber area. The doctor was quizzed throughout evening after which he was arrested.According to sources, CISF was recruiting sub-inspectors at a camp here. \"The candidates who had cleared the written examination had to undergo the medical and fitness test. The board which was to conduct the test included one Dr BL Roy,\" said said a CBI officer.He added that one of the candidates approached the CBI when Roy demanded Rs 10,000 to declare him fit in the test.\"We laid a trap. However, Roy asked one Shashikant Bhardwaj, owner of the Bhardwaj Medical Store in Amber, to accept the bribe on his behalf. We caught Bhardwaj taking a bribe of Rs 8,000 and arrested him,\" said the officer.The officials said that the doctor's office at CISF and other properties belonging to him were searched. \"Dr Roy was quizzed. We are trying to ascertain if he had demanded bribe from other candidates, too. The doctor and the medical store owner have been booked under various sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act,\" said CBI inspector JS Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16404946", "title": "Book exhibition begins at Gandhi Hall", "text": "INDORE: A ten-day National Book Fair began at Gandhi Hall near R&T; from Friday. Income tax commissioner S K Mishra, Doordarshan (Indore), director Geeta Makaram and a well-known poet Saroj Kumar were the chief guests. Nearly 80 book stalls from different regions of India have been set up.Book of different streams, including philosphy, science, history and archaeology etc. There are good number of books on Indian philosophers including Osho and J Krishnamurthy. Mahatma Gandhi's-\" My experiment with Truth\" and \"Hind Swaraj\" have occupied a pride position in the fair. Mostly youngsters are visiting the fair.Ashish Sachdeva an engineering student said, \"I am looking for science fictions but however I came across a history book of George Orwell's 1984.\"Doordarshan Director, Geeta Makram, said \"Books do not need crowd, they need appreciators. Books need the real readers.\"Tanya Yadav an arts students said, \"Here there are good numbers of Hindi authors book like Prem Chand's Godan and Ramdhari Singh Dinkars book, infact there are good collection of poetry books like Gitanjali. \"Another visitor Ayush Singh said, \" There are good collection of old english authors book. Like the work of Maxim Gorvky and Guy de Maussapant. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16402376", "title": "Ameya Walavalkar, Sudarshan set to extend lead", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ameya Walavalkar will look to extend his lead on the points table of this year's JK Tyre-VW Polo R Cup when racing action returns to the Madras Motor Race Track (MMRT) at Sriperumbudur in Chennai for round four of the 15th JK Tyre-FMSCI National Racing Championship this weekend.Close to 90 of the country's most talented race drivers will converge to display their skills. The qualifying races for all categories will be held on Saturday followed by the two races of the Formula LGB 4 and one race each of Indian Touring Car class as well as the Indian Junior Touring Car Class. Sunday will witness two races of JK Tyre-VW Polo R Cup and the second races of the other three classes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16404204", "title": "NTR statue stalemate continues", "text": "HYDERABAD: Despite TDP president Chandrababu Naidu writing to Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar to speed up the process of installation of NTR statue on Parliament premises, the stalemate on the issue is likely to continue as Union minister and daughter of NTR D Purandeswari is yet to give her consent to the TDP sponsoring the statue.In the letter sent to the Speaker on Thursday night, Naidu blamed Purandareswari for creating hurdles even when all the other members of the NTR family had given their consent. \"Purandareswari had questioned the procedural aspects making the matter a controversy with political intentions. As we are more interested in the installation of statue and with a view to put an end to the controversy.... , (we request an early commitment by the Speaker,\" Naidu's letter said.With this, the ball is in the Speaker's court, but sources closely acquainted with the developments said the letter would do little in resolving the crisis. \"This is the second time the TDP has written to the Speaker after the consent of the all members of the NTR clan was sought. First time, Purandarewsari's consent was not there and this time too the case remains to be the same. I don't think it would move ahead,\" said a source.Naidu has claimed that ten out of NTR's eleven children, seven sons and four daughters, had consented to the TDP in this matter except Purandareswari. Nama Nageswar Rao, parliamentary party leader of TDP, said his party would still appeal to Purandareswari to join hands with the family members in the interest of installing the statue. \"We appeal to her to keep politics aside as the issue is not only related to the NTR family, but also to AP. If she sticks to her guns, we would be left with no option but to request the Speaker to issue permission without her consent.\"Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar, who is abroad, is expected to reach Delhi next week and the politics over the NTR statue installation is likely to flare up after that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16405127", "title": "Shutdown threat looms over Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Brace for unprecedented transport chaos next week as bus owners go on indefinite strike from Monday and cabbies go off the roads for three days from September 20.The private transport operators are not calling it a strike. They just cannot ply their vehicles after the Rs 5 diesel price hike and the state government's no-fare-hike policy, they say.Bus and mini-bus operators have given the government an ultimatum to hike fares by Sunday. Taxi owners say they can pull on somehow till September 20 but not a day after that on the old fares.Lakhs of Kolkatans may be alarmed by the commuting nightmare ahead, but the state government does not seem to be in a hurry. The cabinet will take up the issue next week, said transport minister Madan Mitra, urging transporters not to call a strike. The group of ministers for transport will meet at Writers' Buildings on Monday, he said.\"Please do not take any drastic step. Don't put a time frame to your demand. It is we who have given a time-frame to the Centre,\" Mitra said, referring to chief minister Mamata Banerjee's three day-ultimatum to the Centre for a rollback.\"We, too, were taken aback by the hike. We did not know anything about it although Trinamool is part of UPA-II,\" he said, reminding transporters that Mamata is leading a protest march on Saturday. \"If the chief minister organizes something, she takes the protest to a logical end,\" Mitra assured.Mitra, under intense pressure from transporters, told them that the government was also suffering losses. \"We have been left in the worst possible situation. We are coughing up Rs 600 crore as transport subsidy already, and this fresh hike will increase the subsidy amount,\" he argued.Mitra's promises failed to soothe the frayed nerves of transport operators. \"From Monday, all 37,000 buses in the city and the district roads will be withdrawn as it is completely unviable to operate any more. We cannot run a bus for even half a day without immediate fare-revision,\" said Tapan Banerjee, joint secetary of the Joint Council of Bus Syndicates.Sanjib Roy of the Bengal Taxi Association said: \"We have unanimously decided to go on a three-day strike from September 20. If the government fails to respond to the crisis, our trade will die out. We cannot bleed any more.\" None of the 40,000 taxis that ply in Kolkata will be available to commuters, he warned.The bus and taxi operators have apologized to commuters. \"We realize it will inconvenience people but we have been pushed to the edge. It is a do-or-die situation for us,\" said BTA secretary Bimal Guha. Bus operators echoed the sentiment.Unlike Mumbai, private buses and taxis ferry the highest number of daily passengers. The strike will spell doom for commuters. It will have the same effect as a general strike in Bengal - total shutdown.The entire fleet of government buses carries 13.9 lakh passengers a day. Eastern, South Eastern and the Metro Railway collectively carry 34 lakh passengers. But private buses carry 40.80 lakh passengers and taxis ferry 14.57 lakh a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16408509", "title": "FDI in retail won't be allowed in UP: Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: Maintaining opposition to FDI in retail sector, Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday said his government will not allow its implementation in the state.He also said that the decision on continuing its support to the UPA government after the hike in diesel price and FDI rests with the party's national leadership.\"Samajwadi Party's view is very clear on the FDI issue and it will not implement it in Uttar Pradesh,\" Yadav told reporters here.Denying that there was a proposal to open such stores in the state, he said, \"But the question is, what will happen to the stores already opened. BSP government implemented it (FDI in retail) and opened new stores. But Samajwadi Party is not in favour of opening new stores.\"Asked whether people came to meet him with these proposals, he said those were only courtesy calls from investors.\"Whoever came to meet, it was just a courtesy call. They came just to congratulate us. As fas as business is concerned, they said they want to bring in investment and want government cooperation for this,\" Yadav said.On whether Samajwadi Party is planning to take its support back from the UPA government on the issue of hike in diesel price and FDI, he said any such decision rests with the party's nation leadership.\"Only the national president will decide how the support will continue. It has been asked several times but Samajwadi Party will always provide support to counter communal powers in the country,\" he said.Yadav said that his party will support a proposal for FDI in the field of electricity and roads.\"If they want to bring FDI, we want them to bring it in the fields of electricity and roads. But if it is introduced in retail sector, what will happen to our small shop owners,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16405298", "title": "Shailesh Gupta elected ABC chairman", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shailesh Gupta, director-marketing of Jagran Prakashan Ltd, was unanimously elected as chairman of the Audit Bureau of Circulations ( ABC ) for the year 2012-13 while Syed Mahmood Ahmad, executive vice president-marketing of ITC Ltd, an advertiser member of the council, was unanimously elected as the deputy chairman of the bureau for 2012-13.Members on ABC's council of management 2012-13 (publishers' representatives) are Shailesh Gupta, M Venkatesh (Hindustan Media Ventures Ltd), Amit Mathew (Malayalam Manorama Co. Ltd), Aritra Sarkar (APB Pvt Ltd), I Venkat (Ushodaya Enterprises Ltd), Hormusji N Cama (Bombay Samachar Pvt Ltd), Devendra B Darda (Lokmat Media Pvt Ltd), Sanjeev Vohra (Bennet, Coleman &amp; Co Ltd).Advertisers representatives are: Ravi Pisharody (Tata Motors Ltd), Debabrata Mukherjee (Coca Cola India Pvt Ltd), Anil Dua (Hero MotoCorp).Advertising representatives are: Sashidhar Sinha (Universal McCann Erickson India Pvt Ltd) is honorary secretary, Madhukar Kamath (Mudra Communication Pvt Ltd) is honorary treasurer, Vikram Saluja (Group M India Pvt Ltd), Srinivasan K Swamy (RK Swamy BBDO Pvt Ltd). The secretary general is Hormuzd Masani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16403085", "title": "Hoax bomb call at Malad\u2019s Infinity Mall", "text": "A bomb call at Infinity Mall in Malad threw the police in a tizzy on Friday. The bomb detection and disposal squad, however, found the call to be hoax after a thorough search and evacuation process. \"The phone call was received at 2pm from an international number. We are trying to track the caller,\" said a senior police official. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16404561", "title": "Trichy corporation slaps notice on fire department, asks it to pay 'arrears'", "text": "TRICHY: Officials of the Fire and Rescue Services Department, Trichy, are piqued at the prospect of working from a rented space. To add fuel to the fire, the city corporation has slapped a notice asking it to pay arrears amounting to Rs 96,57,687 for 20 years for using its land. What is more, the 27,692 sq.ft. property where the fire station in question is situated at Ammamandapam Puthutheru in Srirangam, has been levied a monthly rent of Rs 40,154. No one noticed that the rent collection was given a slip for such a long time for the calculated period from July 16, 1990 to July 15, .2010. That the piece of land where the Srirangam fire station stands today falls in ward two of the Trichy corporation, coming under the chief minister's Srirangam assembly constituency, is no solace.The Srirangam fire station is under fire as it has been hauled up by the corporation to pay arrears amounting to Rs 1,05,14,280 including a cumulative service tax of Rs 1,74,535 for the period. More importantly, the fire brigade does not have control over the land and hence they cannot even build a compound wall, leave alone making other structural changes including building a water tank, said an official.The fire station planned to refurbish the old structure provided it was transferred to it by the corporation through a resolution adopted in the House. On the contrary, the assistant commissioner of Srirangam division of Trichy corporation wrote to the divisional fire officer in September last year saying the corporation was not in favour of passing a resolution in the House to transfer the land to the fire department. The incumbent divisional fire officer, Mohammed Shah met the corporation commissioner Dhandapani last week to discuss the matter, but the latter is believed to have strictly told him to pay up. A few local AIADMK leaders first showed some enthusiasm in getting the land exclusively transferred from the corporation to the fire brigade, but they later chickened out. \"While Jayalalithaa showers goodies on the constituency, our station is totally neglected. We are not even able to carry out repairs as the building does not belong to us,\" said a fire source.Interestingly, the land in question was first leased out by the then Trichy municipality to the fire department for a mere Rs 25 per annum, and then on June 21, 1991, the fire brigade wrote to the then municipality to renew the lease for 20 years at a rate of Rs 900 per annum. Meanwhile, no one knew since when the rent was increased to the current Rs 40,154 a month. Furthermore, the matter was given sudden focus after the fire brigade wrote to the city corporation seeking renewal of lease period for another three years from July 16, 2010 to July 15, 2013. In reply to this letter, the corporation drove to fire brigade to the wall to pay up.At last, Bhola Nath, the director of fire and rescue services, Tamil Nadu , wrote to the principal secretary (home) on November 8, 2011 for waiver of loan on leased out land, but the corporation stuck to its guns saying land could be transferred only at the prevailing market rate, and the fire brigade should first pay up the rental 'arrears'.Who will bell the cat, and who will bring the issue to the attention of the chief minister is the million dollar question. \"If Jayalalithaa is sounded out, then the matter will be over in our favour within a day,\" said a fire brigade official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16403038", "title": "Court wants STD test in sexual assault cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has asked Delhi Police and the Delhi government to ensure that in all cases of sexual assault, a detailed examination of the accused is done to find out whether he has any sexually transmitted disease (STD).Asking the principal secretary (home), chief secretary, and the Delhi Police commissioner to take \"necessary action\" on the order, additional sessions judge Kamini Lau said such examination was essential so that the courts ensure that the accused is also punished for endangering the life of the victim by transmitting a deadly disease.The court's directions came while sentencing an HIV positive man to 25 years in jail for rape, causing miscarriage by administering medicines and spreading the sexually transmitted disease. The court gave separate punishment of 10 years for rape, 10 years for attempt to murder and five years for causing miscarriage of pregnancy. The court made it clear that the three sentences would run consequently.It also directed the Delhi government to give the girl a compensation of Rs two lakh. The court said that in India, the law provides a maximum punishment of six months and two years for an act of spreading infection of disease dangerous to life, intentionally or negligently.\"But there is a need for tougher criminal laws connected with non disclosure by a person to the sexual partner regarding the sexually transmitted disease which that person may have. This is required to be done in order to save the partner from avoidable health risks,\" it said.Additional sessions judge Lau said that the convict, a patient of HIV and tuberculosis, had knowingly raped his 15-year-old daughter and he was also aware that his act might cause death to her. It also discussed the laws prevailing abroad on similar issues relating to transmission of sexually transmitted disease saying the offenders in foreign countries are held guilty for provisions including grievous hurt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16403195", "title": "Auto &amp; bus fares up by 10%, freight charges to be hiked", "text": "RANCHI: Freight charges of truck in Jharkhand are likely to be increased following Rs 5.90 hike in per litre diesel price on Thursday night even as the Jharkhand Bus Owners' Association (JBOA) has raised the fare on various routes along with the diesel auto drivers' body which has increased 10% of the fare.Following the hike, Ranchi-Patna fare will cost 240 as against 220 earlier. A similar hike now applies on all inter-districts and inter-state routes.JBOA president Krishna Monhan Singh said running buses without a hike in fare would have caused huge losses to the bus owners in the state. \"After a unanimous decision the fare was hiked,\" he added. The fare has been increased by 10%.A 10% hike will also be applicable in autos from Monday. Jharkhand Pradesh Diesel Auto Chalak Mahasangh (JPDACM), in a meeting on Friday, decided to hike the fare on all routes from Monday. There are around 4,000 diesel autos in Ranchi.Sunil Kumar Singh, general secretary of JPDACM, said, \"The association has asked its officials on various routes to implement the decision and stick a note of this on all autos.\"The Jharkhand Truck Owners Association (JTOA) will hold a meeting soon to take a final decision to raise the freight charges. The All India Motor Transport Congress (AIMTC) has already hiked truck freight by 15%. However, it does not apply in the state currently. JTOA president Uday Shankar Ojha said the decision to hike truck freight would be taken in a couple of days. Currently truck freight is Rs 2.4 every kilometer which is likely to be hiked by 15%. \"We are agitating to demand a rollback of the Centre's decision. If the prices are not rolled back or reduced, the truck freights would be hiked,\" he said.The hike in truck freight will be a major blow to the common man. P 2\"It would put farmers under additional financial burden and thus prices of every edible item would soar. It would make farming costly as irrigation would be now costlier,\" said a JTOA activist.More than 500 agitators under the banner of JTOA burnt the effigies of the central and state government at Albert Ekka Chowk to protest against the decision. \"The state government is equally responsible for the hike. It charges 18% VAT because of which price of diesel has been hiked by Rs 5.90 in Jharkhand while in other states the price is lesser,\" said Ojha.Prabhat Kumar Santu, the JTOA general secretary, said over 50,000 trucks plied in Jharkhand. \"Our protests will continue on Saturday. If nothing works out, we will go the AIMTC way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16402879", "title": "DTC services hit as staff stays away", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Transport Corporation's drive against ticketless travel seems to have had an unforeseen effect \u2014 it has disrupted bus services on some routes. Amit Aggarwal, a regular commuter on route number 534 said on Friday, \"I had to wait for long to catch a bus. Usually, buses are available at an interval of 10 minutes but for the past two days, the wait has grown to as long as half an hour.\" The same complaint was received from other routes, said a DTC official.The reason, said officials, was the mass absence of DTC employees, especially conductors.\"Ever since the drive has started, some conductors have not been reporting to work, thereby disrupting the bus schedules,\" said an official. The drive against ticketless travel is the reason why conductors have been skipping work, claim sources. \"A number of conductors have been penalized or suspended for allowing passengers to travel without tickets on the bus. DTC employees are therefore wary about reporting for work,\" said an official.DTC workers union also demonstrated at the headquarters on Wednesday. The union leaders had alleged that the employees on contract had been docked of their pay for the ticketless travel without any reason. Threatening to take the protest further, the union demanded that the workers stop being \"blacklisted\".Commuters, meanwhile, are facing problems due to the delay in services. According to Aggarwal, the wait is especially trying during peak hours. DTC officials, however, state that nothing much can be done. \"The drive cannot be stopped till a message is sent across commuters that they must not travel without tickets. It's an effort to boost revenue of the Corporation as well. Erring conductors will continue to be penalized,\" said the official. The drive would end by September 15, he added.According to DTC spokesperson, \"A total of 25,093 buses have been checked till date. Out of it, 2,429 passengers were found traveling without ticket \u2014 including 722 Delhi Police and government officials. 1,660 compromise fee tickets were issued to errant passengers.\" 27 conductors were also booked for not asking tickets from passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16402967", "title": "Auto, bus rides set to become costlier", "text": "JAIPUR: The hike of Rs 5.80 in diesel prices in Jaipur has led to a sharp escalation in the cost of transportation. The Rajasthan State Roadways Transport Corporation (RSRTC) has hiked the passenger fare by Rs 2- 10 paisa per kilometer on all routes.The auto rickshaw union too has increased the meter down rates by 53%. The earlier rate was Rs 13, which has now been increased to Rs 20. Commuters will also have to shell out Rs 2 more for every kilometer. Against Rs 8 per kilometer, autos will now charge Rs 10 per km.The revised RSRTC rates will be effective from September 15 midnight. \"The last time we increased our fare was in September 2011. After the recent hike in diesel price, we are likely to face an extra burden of Rs150 crore. The increase in tariffs will help us bridge the gap by 50%,\" said Manjit Singh, CMD, RSRTC.The Volvo services and super luxury AC buses have been kept out of the hike.\"We too have families to look after. The union has protested the hike in diesel prices but if it is not rolled back then passengers will have to shell out Rs 10-15 more,\" said Kuldeep Singh, president of Rajasthan Auto Chalak Mahasangh (RACM).The mini bus association too is planning to increase the fares. There's some respite for daily commuters as Jaipur City Transport Services Limited (JCTSL) is not mulling any ticket price hike for the low-floor buses.Meanwhile, auto drivers held a dharna at the government hostel at Khasa Khoti Circle protesting the hike on Friday. The auto drivers' union has decided to continue the protest for the next seven days.The state truck operators are also planning to stage a road block. \"We are waiting for the final decision of our national union. If they give us the nod, we will block the highways,\" said Ramprakash Chaudhary, spokesperson of Rajasthan Truck operators.Following the public backlash against hike, Congress state president Chandrabhan has urged the state government to reduce the state taxes on diesel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16404394", "title": "School bus owners to hike fares 10%", "text": "NAGPUR: The hike in diesel prices will not spare any section of the society. Parents, who are already worried about escalating fee, and cost of books and uniforms, will now face a higher school bus fare too. School bus owners in Nagpur have decided to hike fares by 10% to meet the increase in diesel prices.This will be a double whammy for parents, as a fare hike between 10-15% had already taken effect at the start of the academic session.The Nagpur chapter of School Bus Owners Association (SBOA) will soon forward the proposal to schools. Speaking to TOI, president of SBOA Santosh Jog said, \"This is a major hike in diesel price and all we are doing is covering our losses. The increase is of Rs5 per litre and has pushed up our costs by around the 10% mark.\" He added that there are over 400 buses plying under the SBOA banner, and the tariff hike is a collective decision. The current school bus tariff in city ranges between Rs700-1,250, depending on the distance of the school.City parent Minal Mukawar has reason to be worried. Both her sons take the school bus to Modern School (Koradi Road) and this increase has compounded her problems. \"Last academic session, I was paying Rs950 per child, then they increased it to Rs1,200. Now, after the latest hike I will be shelling out Rs1,320 per child, which is going to take a toll on our monthly budget,\" said Mukawar.Even schools that ply their own buses are faced with no choice but to take their tariff northwards. Deaven Dasture, director of Royal Gondwana Public School, said, \"The cost of running the buses is already very high and this hike is something that cannot be merely absorbed by the current tariff. The mileage for a bus is hardly 7km/litre, hence fuel price hike is the last thing we need. We are yet to decide how much the hike should be, but it will definitely happen.\"Sujit Upgade, a city businessman, also has two children attending CDS School and is not happy with the hike. \"The bus owner will not give us a discount just because we have two children going in the same bus. Last year, I was paying Rs750 per child and this session it was jacked up to Rs900. Now, I am looking at least Rs1,000 per child, which is a big increase,\" said Upgade.After the new fare takes effect, the actual increase since last year would be almost 40%.Jog says it is not only the fuel costs which have to be accounted for. \"Our insurance premiums have jumped up 25% since last year. Then, we have had to make changes to the bus as per the new government guidelines, for which there are fabrication costs. Parking charges are almost Rs3,000 monthly, in addition to driver payments and general upkeep of the bus,\" said Jog.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16404579", "title": "Police complaint against MLA Paranjothi's 'partner'", "text": "TRICHY: A woman on Friday lodged a complaint against Trichy-west AIADMK MLA M Paranjothi's 'partner' Dr DP Rani and her two brothers for alleged intimidation and usurping of her properties in Trichy here on Friday.The complaint drew the attention of all when a case filed by Rani against Paranjothi for cheating her is pending with a Trichy court.In a complaint to the deputy commissioner of police (law and order), Trichy, the complainant T Venkateshwari stated that she was married to D Tamilarasu from Trichy in 1993. The couple had two children Manju Baasini and Karthik. Her husband was torturing her since they entered into wedlock. He also took her Rs 1 lakh cash and 30 sovereigns of gold. She had started a beauty parlour in Trichy in 2006, but her husband pressured her to shut it. As she refused, he cancelled the shop agreement with the building owner and made a fresh agreement in his brother D Anbu Chezhian's name. Since then he was running the beauty parlour, she alleged.Venkateshwari later drew Dr DP Rani into the controversy saying Rani was the elder sister of her husband Tamilarasu. She levelled charges against Rani for supporting her husband for his all wrongdoings against her. She said in her complaint that she took up the issue with Rani in February 13, 2012 to get a solution for her problem. But Rani rejected her charges and justified the act of her brother. So, she supported her brothers to torture her and usurp her properties. The complainant also mentioned about the alleged affair between AIADMK MLA Paranjothi and Rani and said that she deliberately took photographs with him to extract money from him. Moreover, she said her husband's family belonged to a backward community, but they, however, obtained Scheduled Tribes community certificate and enjoyed benefits from the government.She said she lodged a complaint in the government hospital police station on November 14, 2011, against her husband. When the police enquired with him, he promised not to torture her. Since then, she separated from him and lived in her brother's house in Dindigul. But when she came to Trichy on August 25, 2012, her husband attempted to kill her. So, she lodged a complaint with the GH police. But they refused to accept the complaint. Then, she returned to Dindigul and demanded that the police take action against them.Reacting to the complaint, Rani told TOI that the charge had been fabricated by MLA Paranjothi as he wanted to dilute the case against him. She said she would face the police investigation and come clean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16404094", "title": "SIC slaps fine on CMC\u2019s chief officer for delay in providing information", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state information commission (GSIC) has slapped a fine of 10,000 on the chief officer of the Canacona municipal council for delay in providing information under the Right to information Act, 2005.In his order, the state chief information commissioner, M S Keny, said that the penalty should be recovered from the salary of the chief officer in three monthly instalments for the months of October, November and December by the directorate of accounts.In the instant case, Ajit Desai of Pansulem, Canacona, filed a complaint to the Canacona municipal council on April 13, 2010, about an illegal compound wall. On the same day, Desai filed an RTI application demanding to know what action the chief officer had taken on his complaint. However, PIO by letter dated May 14, 2010, requested the complainant to remain present on May 19, 2010 for resolving the grievances. The information was subsequently furnished to the complainant on February 16, 2011.During the hearing of the case, the chief officer argued that there is a procedure prescribed under the Goa municipalities Act for taking action against illegal constructions and that \"no action can be taken against any illegal construction by the chief officer without following the procedure of law.\" The chief officer pleaded ignorance about how Desai imagined that the chief officer should take action against the alleged illegal construction at the very same moment the application was moved. After hearing the arguments, the commission noted that that \"PIO could dispose the same on the very day\" and that \"admittedly there is delay\".The commission further observed, \"Under the RTI Act, delay is inexcusable. Public authorities must introspect that non-furnishing of information lands a citizen before the first appellate authority and this commission results in unnecessary harassment of an information seeker/common man which is legally impermissible. Besides, it is socially abhorring. The RTI Act provides (a penalty) of 250 per day. Maximum penalty of 25,000 could be imposed on the PIO, however, there is a letter dated July 26, 2010 where information has been furnished.\"The commissioner said that he is \"inclined to take a lenient view of the matter\" and that \"imposition of penalty of 10,000 would meet the ends of justice. Hope PIOs in general will not be recalcitrant in the discharge of statutory duty in future\".The commission also stated that it cannot overlook the fact that the complainant himself was aware that the information he was seeking was not with the PIO on that particular day. The RTI Act cannot be stretched to such an extent that even if information is not there the same should be created and furnished., the commission added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16404067", "title": "HC slams \u2018frivolous\u2019 Aseem arrest", "text": "MUMBAI: \"We live in a free society,'' reminded the Bombay high court on Friday even as it lambasted the state for \"arbitrary'' and \"frivolous\" arrest of political cartoonist Aseem Trivedi for sedition under the Indian Penal Code's Section 124A.The court said, \"Parameters need to be laid down for application of sedition, otherwise there will be serious encroachment of a person's liberty guaranteed to him in a civil society.\"\"Today you attacked a cartoonist. Tomorrow it could be a filmmaker and then a screenplay writer. We are living in a free society. Everybody has freedom of speech and expression,\" said a division bench of Justice Dhananjay Chandrachud and Justice Amjad Sayed. The court was hearing a public interest litigation urging the court to declare Trivedi's arrest as illegal and bad in law. On September 11, 2012, the high court directed the release of Trivedi on a personal bond.When the matter came up for hearing, additional public prosecutor Jayesh Yagnik objected to the \"maintainability\" of the PIL. Justice Chandrachud snapped, \"Don't take such frivolous objections. First you arrested him on such frivolous grounds. Stop these things. You have arrested a cartoonist on charges of sedition and breached his liberty to freedom of speech and expression.\" He further said, \"We have one Aseem Trivedi who is courageous enough to stand against this action. But what about several others whose voices are shut by the police?\" said Justice Chandrachud.The judges sought to know what the state has to say. \"What is the state's stand? Does the government intend to drop the charge? Someone has to take political responsibility for this. Why didn't the police apply its mind before charging him with sedition?\" asked Justice Chandrachud. Yagnik replied that he has to take instructions and added the assistant commissioner of police investigating the case is consulting Mantralaya to ascertain the maintainability of the sedition charge.The judges pointed out that Section 124A (sedition) is a pre-Independence provision included in the statute books. \"In that era, the government wanted protection from citizens. In the constitutional era, citizens need safeguards against the government,\" said Justice Chandrachud. The judges said in foreign countries, the sedition charge is applied only if someone attempts to topple the government by using undemocratic means. Trivedi's advocate Mihir Desai said, \"In fact, in USA, there is a concept called 'fighting words', which says that unless there is a clear and present danger of violence because of the words, a person cannot be stopped from saying those.\" The judges said from the arrest of Trivedi \"it is prima facie evident that there is arbitrariness with which the matter was handled by the police\".The judges directed Trivedi to be made a party in the PIL. \"We shall file an affidavit substantiating why sedition charges cannot be levelled in such cases,\" said Desai. Directing the state to file a comprehensive affidavit explaining reasons for applying the sedition charge against Trivedi, they posted the hearing to October 12, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16402852", "title": "Sufi film festival in Ajmer from October 4", "text": "AJMER: The international Sufi festival, in its second year, is introducing the Sufi film festival, the first of its kind, to disseminate knowledge about and promote Sufism. The international Sufi festival will begin from October 4.Besides exhibitions and mehfils, sufi films and literature will also form a prominent part of the festival. Ruhanni dar, a film directed by Enosh Kumar and Abhinav Mohan Shrivastav, based on the life of Khawaja Qutubudin Bakiyar Kaki, will also be screened here.\"The fest this year will focus on the mystical side of spirituality including Farsi calligraphy, art, Arabic Islamic antique prints, Rumi paintings, abstract sacred art along with the display of Sufi text, poetry and literature,\" said Gulsha Begum, organizer.The new initiative is aimed at spreading Sufi teachings through film and additionally kabir vani, sufi jugalbandi, nagme and a tribute to Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti will also be showcased.EomAjmer: Sufi traditions of India and the way of the heart are such films that will be attraction in the first Sufi film festival organized in International Sufi festival starting from 4 of this October.Besides exhibition and Mahafil in the festival films like Islamic mysticism and Rum turning ecstatic will we shown. Ruhanni dar a film directed by Enosh Kumar and Abhinav Mohan Shrivastav will show about life of khawaja Qtubudin Bakiyar kaki.The festival is organized to show the journey of a mystic based on real life. \"The concept this time is to show mystical side of spirituality including Farsi calligraphy, art, Arabic Islamic Antique prints, Rumi paintings, abstract sacred art and display of Sufi text, poetry and literature\" said Gulsaa Begum, organizer.The program is to spread the sufi teachings and to know about it and will also have kabir vani, sufi jugalbandi, nagme and a tribute to khawaja Moinuddin Chshity", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16405220", "title": "Railways blames kite strings for train delays", "text": "KOLKATA: The arrival of Vishwakarma Puja has made Eastern Railway officials busy. They are now racking their brains over how to tackle the menace of kite strings, which often get entangled with railway overhead wires and cause power to trip, thus resulting in unnecessary delay and congestion.Also, the officials are now at their wit's end after a test conducted on samples of these strings revealed that they are coated with iron fillings. \"Earlier, kite strings would be coated with ground glass to enable them to cut through the strings of rival fliers. We were shocked to find that nowadays, iron filings are being used to strengthen the strings. This kind of nylon string is reportedly imported from China. The overhead equipment (OHE) comprises two wires. The one on top is known as the catenary and comprises 19 strands. The lower one is the contact wire which is of solid brass. A tension of 1,200 kg is applied to the wires to prevent sagging. When high voltage electric current passes through the wires, they get heated. This also makes them soft. When a nylon wire coated with iron rubs against the catenary, the strands get severed,\" explained Suchitto Kumar Das, divisional railway manager, Sealdah.With a large number of encroachments along the tracks in the Sealdah division, the OHE is at greater risk than elsewhere. Kite enthusiasts move on to the tracks during kite-flying and the strings get intertwined with the electric wires overhead. Some times, the strings get intertwined with the pantographs of trains, resulting in damage.\"The strings, particularly when wet, act as conductors. One end remains in contact with the live wires while the other end hangs loose. Power trips when they come in contact with the roof of an EMU local or an OHE mast. If power trips in Titagarh, the entire stretch up to Durganagar, the Sealdah carshed and the Circular Railway gets affected. The exact location of the tripping has to be isolated before power can be restored to other parts. While isolation takes about 3-4 minutes, the entire restoration can take up to 10 minutes. By this time, 20 trains can get stuck midway. Some times, the string has to be removed from the wires physically before services can resume,\" Das said.Power tripping due to kite strings is common in places like Nungi and Baruipur. Awareness campaigns have been launched by the Sealdah division to keep kite fliers away from the tracks. People living along the tracks are also being told of the risks involved. In the recent past, several people have been run over while flying kites on railway tracks. Most such cases happen around Saraswati and Viswakarma Pujas, when kites are flown as a sort of ritual in this part of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16405236", "title": "China ready to accept woman as Dalai Lama's successor?", "text": "BEIJING: China is prepared to accept a woman as the next Dalai Lama if the Tibetan spiritual leader's successor is selected according to the Chinese law, a top official known to reflect the views of the country's top leaders has hinted.\"The central government will definitely support the Dalai Lama's successor if he or she is selected according to Chinese laws and historical rules, and the Tibetan people's will,\" said Xu Zhitao, an official with the United Front Work Department (UFWD) of the Communist Party of China's Central Committee. This is the first time that the next Dalai Lama has been referred to as \"he or she\". UFWD overseas the affairs of minorities like Tibetans.China wants to ensure that the next Dalai Lama is chosen among the residents of China unlike the present spiritual leader, who lives in India. Beijing earlier issued rules saying that the central government must approve the selection of all \"Living Buddhas\" in the Tibetan monk system including the Dalai Lama.Xu on Thursday criticized the Tibetan leader's announcement that he has given up his political role and thus changed an age-old tradition that gave Lama both political and religious roles. \"It's ridiculous for the Dalai Lama to say he changed the centuries-old tradition, because the tradition was already changed in 1959,\" Xu told state-run Global Times. He said China had taken away his political position when the Tibetan leader left for India that year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16408017", "title": "My album speaks about my life: Priyanka Chopra", "text": "Priyanka Chopra is busy receiving compliments for her enduring performance in Anurag Basu's Barfi!However, the actress claims that she is nervous when it comes to her International Music Debut first single ' In My City '.\"For past few days I am busy promoting Barfi! and also my album. We have tried to do something different in it. My biggest intention is to make people proud. I am tired, exhausted and nervous, but constantly hoping that people like it,\" expressed Priyanka.What importance does music holds in your life? \"Music for me is a huge part of my life. I have grown up with it. My father is an incredible singer. Music is massive for me though I never thought I would sing,\" answered Piggy Chops.Listen to Priyanka's song 'In My City' on gaana.com\"My album speaks about my life. It's a big song and the album for me is like my biography,\" concluded the actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16403399", "title": "DND toll rates not to be hiked", "text": "NOIDA: Offering respite to hundreds of motorists using the DND Flyway every day, the Noida Toll Bridge Company Ltd (NTBCL) has denied reports of any hike in the toll rates in the near future. Sources said that while NTBCL had made a \"routine annual\" proposal to hike the toll charges, it was not approved by the Noida Authority.According to Noida Authority officials, the fee revision committee of NTBCL, in a \"routine correspondence\" to the Authority had proposed a 20% hike in the toll rates. However, keeping the \"public interest\" in mind and considering that the toll charge was hiked by 20% in November last year, the Noida Authority quashed the proposal.The Noida Authority CEO is one of the directors of the DND flyway board and hence, such proposals are sent to him annually. \"The fee revision committee had an internal meeting two months ago in which a hike in the toll charges on the flyway had been discussed. This proposal was forwarded to the Authority,\" said Noida CEO, Sanjeev Saran. \"However, commuters can rest assured that they will not have to pay any extra amount from tomorrow,\" he added.In November last year, after much contemplation, the Noida Authority had rejected NTBCL's initial proposal to hike the toll charges by 25%.However, it allowed the company to implement a toll hike of 10% raising the charges to Rs 22 for four wheelers from the then charge of Rs 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16404318", "title": "Ring road turns fatal for riders", "text": "HYDERABAD: Absence of street lights and speeding heavy vehicles have turned the Chandrayangutta-Aramgarh stretch into a deathtrap during night, especially for two-wheeler riders.Figures obtained show that under Falaknuma traffic police station limits, between I S Sadan and Mylardevpalli, 81 accidents took place until August this year involving 11 deaths. Last year witnessed 99 accidents with 14 people dying in accidents.Residents and traffic police officials blame speeding heavy vehicles for the increasing number of mishaps. Lorries that travel from surrounding districts use the road which was earlier recognized as part of Kurnool highway. As the road also connects traffic from the eastern end of the city to the airport, speeding cabs pose serious threat to two-wheeler riders. In the last week of August alone, four accidents were reported.Pir Shabbir Ali, a resident of Hafiz Baba Nagar, rued the delay in completion of nala widening work by GHMC and road laying works by R&B; department.\"We have to endure dust during the day and threat of accidents looms large during night. In absence of cops around the dug up area, untoward incidents have become unavoidable. For motorists who are not familiar with the road, it is very risky,\" he said.Lack of adequate lighting is another reason, point out motorists. \"The lighting on the road beyond the Chandrayangutta flyover till the Aramgarh crossroads is not adequate. To top it, two wheelers are blinded by lights of heavy vehicles coming from the opposite direction,\" said Shoeb Khan, a resident of Falaknuma who travels to Budvel for work every day.In June, TOI had reported about inadequate lighting on the stretch. A GHMC official had then said that installation of poles was taking place in Kattedan division.But residents now say that there has been no improvement in the last few months. When contacted an official said that work is now happening at a faster pace keeping in view the upcoming CoP-11.Traffic police officials say they are helpless as regulation of speed is difficult on the road. \"The road is now part of the Inner Ring Road. Though the functioning of the Outer Ring Road has reduced traffic volume considerably, speed regulation is still not possible,\" said Falaknuma traffic inspector D Venkanna Naik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16404436", "title": "Congress challenges Narendra Modi for a public debate", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Pradesh Congress called upon the chief minister for a public debate on assistance provided by the Central government to the state.Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee president Arjun Modhwadia while talking to reporters called chief minister Narendra Modi a liar and dared him to have a public debate to dispel his lies.\"We challenge Modi to join us in a public debate on his blatant lies on the pretext of injustice to the state by the Central government,\" said Modhwadia.He was referring to the state government's advertisement accusing the UPA government of being unjust to Gujarat. Modhwadia said Modi had resorted to spreading lies to cover up his mismanagement during the 17 years of BJP rule in the state.\"Let him come on an open platform on a day of his choice by September 22, in presence of leading intellectuals, journalists, experts from different fields, the Congress party is open for debate on the issues he has been raising in the name of injustice,\" said Modhwadia.\"Modi is using such language for the Central government, which even India and Pakistan do not use against each other. The language that Modi uses is as if the Centre and Gujarat are at war,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16405002", "title": "Bus strike hits long route passengers", "text": "HUBLI: The indefinite strike launched by the Karnataka State Road Transport Employees' Association that entered the second day on Friday did not have much impact on passengers travelling short distance where as those who had to catch long route buses had to face the heat over delay in bus services.Bus service from Hubli to Dharwad, Gadag, Haveri and Belgaum was as usual and passengers did not face any inconvenience. However, people going to Bangalore, Davanagere, Tumkur, Sirsi, Karwar and other long routes had to bear the brunt of the protest as they waited for a long time on Friday afternoon for buses. Manoj Jain, MD of NWKRTC said that around 90 per cent buses were plying on the roads. \"Passengers in this region did not face any problem except in Uttar Kannada district. Bus servicee are not available to some places in Uttara Kannada,\" he said.There was a huge rush at Hubli railway station as people travelling to Bangalore chose to avoid buses and instead were seen trying their luck for seats in the Jan Shatabdi Express, Intercity and other trains. There were stray incidents of stone pelting reported in some rural areas of Hubli, Haveri and Bellary, police said. However, it was not clear whether those who hurled stones at buses were protesters or some miscreants, police added. As a preventive measure, about 60 people were arrested from Gadag, Dharwad, Haveri, Belgaum and Sirsi and 28 employees were transferred.Permits to pvt vehicles in ChitradurgaThe district administration made alternative arrangements for public and students by issuing permits to private bus operators and owners of maxi cabs on Friday to run their vehicles in the district. Deputy commissioner VP Ikkeri, presiding over a meeting of office-bearers of the private bus owners' association, said that 774 buses have been allowed to run in different parts of the district. As many as 1,023 maxi cabs, 200 Omni buses owned by various schools and colleges, 45 private mini buses and 23 tourist vehicles have also issued permits to ply. 60% buses ply in Bijapur The intensity of the strike reduced in Bijapur on Friday, with nearly 60 per cent of buses plying on roads. Bijapur divisional controller Basavaraju said buses belonging to Basavana Bagewadi, Bijapur 1 &amp; 2 and Mudebihal depot started plying, but bus service from Indi, Sindagi and Talikot depot was yet to begin. The average turnover of the division is Rs 40 lakh per day, but the exact loss is yet to be ascertained\" he said. According to AA Mulla, working president of Karnataka Rajya Raste Sarige Noukarana Sangha, Bijapur division, some employees who feared the management and the government action under ESMA, reported to duty. As for passengers they were a happy lot with the commencement of bus service from Bijapur central bus stand. Auto business thrives in Belgaum The state transport commission employees came on the streets and staged protest in front of the bus stand. Police arrested some protesters and later released them. Many of the buses to Bangalore were cancelled and passengers were stranded in the bus stand. Autorickshaws and private buses had a thriving business ferrying passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16404748", "title": "Scientists counter govt dengue claim", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Scientists at Regional Medical Research Centre (RMRC), a constituent institute of the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), have faulted the state government's dengue count, which they say is a far lower estimate of the infected.The state government regards someone who is diagnosed positive in NS1 Elisa as a suspect. The government confirms a person to be dengue positive only when the patient tests positive in IgM Elisa test.Rubbishing the method, RMRC director Dr S K Kar said anyone who is positive in NS1 Elisa is confirmed to be infected by dengue. \"In some patients, the infection may not result in serious manifestation of the disease. But those infected may spread dengue infection to others,\" Kar said.According to government figures, the total number of confirmed dengue cases stands at 162. However, the actual number of cases, if both NS1 Elisa and IgM Elisa are considered, the number of dengue cases jump to 285.Dr Kar said NS1 Elisa is an antigen test, which detects dengue virus in the initial days of infection with over 99% accuracy. In IgM Elisa test, antibodies formed by dengue viruses are diagnosed after five to eight days of infection. \"There is no need to repeat IgM Elisa test on someone who tests positive for dengue in NS1 Elisa. That would mean waste of money,\" he said. NS1 Elisa costs about Rs 9,000 for 48 tests.Patients showing symptoms of dengue but testing negative for the disease in NS1 Elisa should be subjected to IgM Elisa after around five days, Kar advised. The total number of dengue patients should be the sum total of those testing positive for dengue in both the methods.Dr Madan Pradhan, nodal officer for vector-borne diseases in the state, defended the government's way of estimating the disease burden. \"NS1 Elisa is an antigen test. It detects the presence of a virus, which may or may not be dengue. Only after the antibodies test (IgM Elisa) it is ascertained that someone actually developed the disease. Presence of virus is no disease,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16404556", "title": "Alert gateman averts rail accident in city", "text": "LUCKNOW: Alertness of a railway gateman averted a train tragedy on Friday. The gateman Om Prakash saw three persons taking out pendol clips from the railway track at around 10.35 a.m. at Sadar gate of the station. The alert gateman informed the station officials immediately. Though the miscreants ran away, railway officials recovered 22 pendol clips, which are used to hold the tracks together, from the spot. \"We immediately stopped the movement of trains on north line,\" said Amitabh Kumar, station manager. The line was restored after 11.10 a.m. The trains on the line were made to run on the south line. Senior divisional operations manager (DOM), NR, Vikas Chaubey awarded the gateman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16405359", "title": "Fridge voted most important innovation in history of food", "text": "LONDON: The refrigerator has topped the list of most important innovations in the history of food and drink, according to a new UK survey.Pasteurized milk and tin cans have come a close second while vital methods for food preparation like the pot, the knife and the spoon came 14th, 15th and 16th respectively, the Daily Mail reported.A team of 45 top scientists from the Royal Society ranked a shortlist of 20 innovations by their levels of accessibility, productivity, aesthetics and health. The group of Royal Society Fellowes, chaired by royal society treasurer Peter Williams, decided two of the top three discoveries were made in Britain \u2014 artificial refrigeration was first demonstrated in Glasgow in 1748, and a British merchant patented the tin can in 1810.However, the first pasteurisation test was completed in France in 1862. The oven has won the 4th place in the survey, irrigation stood at 5th. Threshing machine/combine harvester were voted as the 6th most important innovations while baking came 7th. Selective breeding/strains and grinding/milling ranked 8th and 9th respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16404079", "title": "CM permits barge owners to transport already-mined ore", "text": "PANAJI: In the backdrop of the union government decision to suspend environmental clearances of 93 mines, delegations from the Goa barge owners association (GBOA) and the shipyards association of Goa met chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Friday evening and submitted a memorandum to him.The state government had in an order dated September 10 suspended mining activity in the state in view of the Shah commission report coming down heavily against illegal mining in Goa.GBOA president Atul Jadhav said that suspension of mining activities by the state government will have serious implications on the barge industry as many barge owners have taken loans.The season for barges is from September 16 to May 31. The barges made around 50 trips last season, down from 123 trips the previous season due to the fall in exports from 54.5 million tonnes to 42 million tonnes.Barge owners claim their financial exposure of loans is 500 cr of which 150 cr is owed to Goan cooperative banks. They claim the industry employs 6,000 persons directly as barge crew and 30,000 people indirectly in ancillaries like workshops, jetties, etc.GBOA is seeking that the government advise EDC to take over all existing loans of barge owners, and instruct EDC and other Goan cooperative banks to lower interest rates of the loans.They also sought waiving of payment of all taxes such as barge tax and port dues payable to the state government. The barge owners also demanded that the government grant an operational subsidy to all barge owners to enable them to pay wages to their crew.William D'Costa, honorary secretary, GBOA, told TOI that the chief minister was sympathetic to the demands of the association and agreed to waive the barge tax for the next quarter. The CM told the barge owners that he will permit transportation of ore that has already been mined prior to the state government. The director of mines will survey the already-mined ore.He told the delegation that the situation would be reviewed after October 15 and that he was confident that a solution on the environmental clearances will be found by the first week of October.The GBOA has convened a general body on September 15 to discuss the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16407805", "title": "Bhopal Gas NGOs hold candlelight vigil", "text": "BHOPAL: About 100 survivors of the Union Carbide disaster in Bhopal held a candlelight vigil to express solidarity with those opposing the Kudankulam Nuclear Power project here on Wednesday. Five organizations of the survivors of the Union Carbide disaster in Bhopal condemned the action of the Tamilnadu police and Rapid Action Force on what they described as 'peaceful demonstrators' against the Kudankulam Nuclear Power project.The organizations stated that over half a million people are still suffering from the damages wrought by the Bhopal disaster of 1984 and the damages caused by a nuclear disaster would be many times greater and would be felt for several generations.Bhopal Gas Peedit Nirashrit Pension Bhogi Sangharsh Morcha, Bhopal Gas Peedit Mahila Stationery Karmchari Sangh, Bhopal Gas Peedit Mahila Purush Sangarsh Morcha, Bhopal Group for Information and Action and Children Against Dow Carbide said that the unsafe nature of the nuclear project at Kudankulam was evident from the government's reluctance to make the \"Safety Analysis Report\" and the \"Site Evaluation Report\" public despite directions from the Chief Information Commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16404419", "title": "Cabinet nod for Rahul Gandhi's pet project", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi's pet project \u2014 construction of an all-weather tunnel connecting Kashmir Valley with Leh \u2014 got the Union Cabinet's approval on Friday. Sources said that he would lay the foundation stone next month as soon as the project is awarded by the Border Road Organization (BRO). The event could be held on October 15, the day financial bids for the project is be opened by the BRO.\"The date for laying the foundation stone would be fixed based on Rahul Gandhi's availability. In fact, he had pushed for the project,\" said a ministry official.In 2011, Rahul had promised to push for construction of tunnels at Z-Morh and Zojila Pass during his visit to Jammu &amp; Kashmir. After he raised the tunnel issue with highways minister C P Joshi, the ministry swung into action to prepare the project's details.The 6.5km-long two-lane twin tunnels between Gagangir and Sonamarg is one of the ambitious and strategic tunnel projects by the road transport and highways ministry. The Z-morh project, to be built over five years, is estimated to cost Rs 2,717 crore.Leh remains cut off from rest of the country for at least six months due to heavy snowfall. The new tunnels at Z-Morh and at Jozila Pass would improve the life of those living in Leh region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16403390", "title": "OPD services at Greater Noida hospital to start by November 30", "text": "NOIDA: Patients across the district will soon be able to get better treatment as the out-patient department (OPD) at the proposed medical college in Greater Noida is to become operational from November 30.The proposed colleges, due to start by August 2013, will be within the premise of the multi-speciality district hospital in Greater Noida.Officials explained that in the absence of a government hospital in Greater Noida, there is increased pressure on the multispecialty Ambedkar hospital in Noida. \"Over 2,000 patients come in every day in the district hospital; many of whom are from Greater Noida. The Noida hospital isn't equipped to deal with such pressure,\" said an official of the district hospital.The under-construction Kanshiram Hospital in Greater Noida is spread across 25 acres. According to the hospital's blueprint, it will have more than 16 departments, including pulmonary, endocrinology, diabetic, neurology, nephrology, skin allergy, psychiatry, cardiology, ophthalmology, orthopedics, etc. To cater to the surgical needs of patients, 16 modular operation theatres and eight intensive care units would be built. Considering its strategic location, near NH-91, a trauma centre has also been approved for the hospital. According to officials, the hospitals would have all world-class equipment which is being imported.\"The OPD in the hospital is going to open on November 30. We hope that this decreases the pressure on the Noida district hospital. This will also greatly benefit residents of Greater Noida,\" said Rama Raman, CEO, Greater Noida Authority.The existing government medical centres in Greater Noida are in a very bad shape. For instance, the medical centre in Jewar Tehsil in Greater Noida has no doctors. \"There is no physician in the medical centre, so incompetent pharmacists offer us medicine without any check up,\" said Ramender Nagar, a villager from Jewar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16405212", "title": "Muslims' body to make JD(U) rally a success", "text": "PATNA: All India Pasmanda Muslim Mahaz's majlish-e-shura (state committee) met here on Friday to review preparations to ensure large-scale participation of pasmanda (backward) Muslims in the forthcoming 'Adhikar rally' of the Janata Dal (U), to be held in Patna on November 4, to press the demand for special category state status to Bihar. The meeting was presided over by Mahaz's state president Tajuddin Mansuri.While terming the ongoing struggle for special status to Bihar as a \"genuine battle,\" the Mahaz's national president and JD (U) MP Ali Anwar said it was the duty of all residents of Bihar to make this struggle a grand success. \"Till Bihar remains pasmanda (backward), the entire Hindustan will be termed as pasmanda,\" he said.Anwar said in his address that the entire nation was today looking towards Bihar CM Nitish Kumar with great expectations. \"The way ... Kumar has given a befitting reply to the political leaders doing politics of hatred in the name of caste and religion, it has given him (Nitish) an image of 'rashtra nayak',\" Anwar told the 101-member majlish-e-shura.He said leaders like Raj Thackeray were trying to break the country in the name of religion and regionalism. People like Afzal Guru (one of the attackers on Parliament) were doing the same. Their designs to break the unity and integrity of the nation should be foiled at every cost, he said.In a resolution passed at the meeting, the Mahaz demanded division of the Other Backward Classes (OBCs) in two parts - extremely backward classes and backward classes - on the pattern of Bihar. It also demanded reservation in promotion for the employees of extremely backward classes in government jobs on the lines of members of the scheduled castes/scheduled tribes.Other prominent Mahaz leaders namely Abdul Karim Ansari, RR Sakri, Mokhtar Ansari, Saphiya Akhtar, Mehmood Alam and Israel Ansari also addressed the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403672", "title": "Senior citizen held with gold worth Rs 30 lakh at airport", "text": "MUMBAI: Air Intelligence Unit (AIU) officials arrested a 60-year-old man at the city airport, trying to smuggle in gold in his vest on Friday. This is the third arrest in the past three days.After landing from Dubai , Haresh Satikumar was intercepted while passing through the green channel. He was found to be carrying undeclared gold ornaments worth Rs 30 lakh. AIU officials said Satikumar was wearing a vest with a zip. \"On opening the zip, we found gold ornaments wrapped neatly in plastic covers,\" an official said. Satikumar was reportedly promised Rs 3,000 by the smuggler. The AIU has also arrested Shailesh Soni, who came to the airport to take the consignment.The AIU is also probing the possibility of the involvement of an airport official in Wednesday's case when a teenager was arrested with Rs 72 lakh and iridium powder worth Rs 30 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "16404817", "title": "Govt eyes 700 acres for Posco amid opposition", "text": "KENDRAPADA: The state government is planning to acquire 700 acres of land, including betel vines, in Gobindapur village under Dhinkia gram panchayat in Jagatsinghpur district for the proposed steel plant by Posco, even as villagers continue to oppose the move.Jagatsinghpur district collector Satya Kumar Mallick, who along with SP S Bhoi visited Noliasahi, Polanga, Nuagaon and other villages in the proposed steel plant site on Wednesday, said the administration is waiting for the state government's nod.\"We are waiting for the green signal of the state government to acquire 700 acres of land in Gobindapur. Large numbers of villagers are in favour of the establishment of a steel plant in these areas,\" the collector told TOI.\"The authority will also organize a Rehabilitation Periphery Development Advisory Committee ( RPDC) meeting shortly in Jagatsinghpur to sort out land acquisition, compensation, rehabilitation and other issues for Posco's proposed steel plant in these areas. The authority has already acquired 2,000 acres of land in Nuagaon and Gadakujang gram panchayats. The authority will also build a 15-kilometre-long road from Balimara to Earasama for the proposed steel plant,\" the collector said.Security was tightened in the steel plant site areas on Wednesday during the visit of the officials as anti-land acquisition villagers in Gobindapur and Dhinkia sealed all entry points and guarded the wooden barriers on Wednesday afternoon, preventing officials from entering those areas.Last year also police and officials had failed to enter Gobindapur to acquire land as hundreds of women , children and others prevented their entry by forming a human shield.The anti-Posco brigade said the move will be opposed again. \"The National Green Tribunal (NGT) scrapped the environment clearance to Posco on March 31. The officials have no right to do anything in favour of Posco in these areas,\" said Sishir Mohapatra, general secretary of Posco Pratirodhaka Sangram Samiti (PPSS).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403087", "title": "Woman ends life, mom-in-law held", "text": "MUMBAI: A 27-year-old woman hanged herself at her matrimonial home in Vasai (W) allegedly due to harassment by her mother-in-law for dowry. Jyoti Pinto was at home with her five-month-old son when she took the extreme step. Her mother-in-law Maria has been arrested for abetment. Jyoti was married to Felix, a marine engineer.In another case, a 26-year-old woman, Darshana Bhoir, hanged herself at her flat in Virar (E). Darshana's family said she was asthmatic and took the extreme step due to her deteriorating health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16405293", "title": "Diesel price hike protested", "text": "VARANASI: The hike in diesel price and limitation on subsidised LPG cylinders led to massive protests across the district on Friday. While members of the Samajwadi Yuvajan Sabha stopped the movement of the Sultanpur-Lucknow passenger train at Cantonment Railway Station, members of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) held protest against the Central government in Godowlia area.Local traders, including Varanasi Biscuit Manufacturers Association, burnt an effigy of inflation at Sigra area and staged a dharna in the area, seeking rollback of the hike. While the hike in diesel prices has burnt a hole in the pocket of traders and vehicle owners, housewives were also left distraught by the decision.Activists of India Against Corruption and several other organisations also staged protest in different areas of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16407729", "title": "Maharashtra government allocates Rs 81 crore to mitigate drought crisis", "text": "MUMBAI: In a boost to state's effort to mitigate drought crisis in the state, the state government said on Friday that funds worth Rs 81 crore had been approved for various mitigation measures.An official press communication said that an amount of Rs 31 crore was approved for dryland development programme under the National Agriculture Development Scheme. Another Rs 25 crore funding was sanctioned for construction of cement check dams.The remaining 25 crore fund was approved under the Mahatma Phule Jalbhoomi Abhiyaan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16405543", "title": "\u2018Roll back cap on subsidized LPG cylinders\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Subsidy on only six LPG cylinders (for domestic use) per year has infuriated homemakers, who are already reeling under rising household budget.Navneet Kaur, a homemaker of New Model Town, said, \"The cap on subsidized cooking gas cylinders is not a good decision. We use one cylinder every month... the limit will swell our cooking fuel bill.\"Terming it \"anti-people\", Priyanka Kapoor of BRS Nagar said, \"The government should take back its decision. There are other ways too through which it can cover up its deficits. Why make the common man suffer? Already the diesel price hike will make everything costlier.\"Bindiya Sood, a dance teacher of Shakti Nagar, said, \"A subsidized LPG cylinder too costs high -- around Rs 417. Six cylinders will be used in six months and the rest of the year we will have to shell out almost double for it. The decision has only increased our kitchen budget manifold. The government should do something to rein in inflation.\"The cap will, however, have no impact on hotels as they use commercial cylinders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16405047", "title": "Mumbaikars opt for carpool, buses to beat diesel hike", "text": "MUMBAI: Fewer joyrides, more carpooling and AC buses are how Mumbaikars plan to deal with the diesel price hike. Saki Naka resident Amir Lakdawala travels 28 km to his Parel office daily in his SUV. His two-way journey and a handful of assignments costs him nearly Rs 7500 per month for fuel, which he says may cross Rs 8 500 after Thursday's hike. \"We visit nearby destinations every weekend which will be a thing of the past. On days when I have no assignments , I plan to travel by AC bus to office,\" he says.Frequent price hikes have also encouraged Mumbaikars to opt for carpooling . Goregaon resident, senior media executive Gaurav Kapoor, and three of his colleagues recently started carpooling to their Lower Parel office, which helps them save close to Rs 2,500-3 ,000 each. \"The 40-minute drive not only saves us money but we also avoid adding to congestion and pollution ,\" Gaurav said. Chembur resident Rajeev Jha, a senior executive with a financial firm in Goregaon, and his colleague Vinay Dhareshwar, use their cars alternately to drive together to work. Their colleague Prashansa Jain, who travels with them, contributes to the total monthly fuel expenses . \"We started this practice a few months back to battle rising fuel prices,\" he said. \"We all have to contribute only around Rs 500 towards monthly fuel expenses and save Rs 2,000 each. The carpool helps us enjoy a comfortable commute to work,\" said Jha.Belapur resident Charuhas Satam said he travels 80 km daily in his SUV to his Andheri office and spends nearly Rs 16,000 on fuel a month. \"My expenses will touch Rs 22,000 with this hike. I will have to check it by reducing joyrides and by scheduling field and office work on separate days to avoid multiple journeys,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16405565", "title": "Ghazal singer Handiganur passes away", "text": "HUBLI: Ghazal singer Ravindra Handiganur, 58, died of heart attack at his residence in Saibaba Layout on Thursday in Gadag. He was a disciple of Pandit Puttaraj Gawai. Born in a family with music background at Handignur village, Ravindra was trained in traditional music and later took to hgazal singing and sang for many audio cassettes and gave several stage performances across the country.He also worked as a music director for some Kannada movies. He was honoured with several awards including Karnataka Rajyotsava award.His obsequies were performed on Friday at Handiganur village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16405316", "title": "Rs 9,394 crore for AIDS fight in 12th Plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's anti-AIDS fight is all set to receive the highest increase in fund allocation for the 12th five-year Plan.At a time when the adult HIV prevalence at the national level has continued its steady decline from estimated level of 0.41% in 2000 through 0.36% in 2006 to 0.31% in 2009, the department of AIDS Control is all set to see a 626% increase - from Rs 1,500 crore in the 11th Plan to Rs 9,394 crore for 2012-17. The estimated number of new annual HIV infections has declined by more than 50% over the past decade. It is estimated that the nation had approximately 1.2 lakh new HIV infections in 2009 as against 2.7 lakh in 2000.The overall health budget will see a 333% increase \u2014 from Rs 84,339 crore to Rs 280,551 crore \u2014 according to the latest paper sent by the Planning Commission to the health ministry.Interestingly, the Indian Council of Medical Research has not been allocated a single penny.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16404794", "title": "En masse cancellation of coal blocks unlikely", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite intense opposition pressure and questions raised by the Supreme Court, the government is resisting calls for en masse cancellation of coal blocks which it strongly feels will endanger efforts to pep up a stalling economy.A review of 57 coal blocks that forms the basis of the Comptroller and Auditor General's finding that opaque allocation procedures cost the exchequer Rs 1.86 lakh crore is expected to result in action against private operators deemed to be basket cases.Queries on allocation of coal blocks to entities connected with politicians and their kin and leverage enjoyed by some business groups has sharply raised UPA-2's discomfort levels but the government sees scrapping allocations as a loss-loss option.Not only will this, in one stroke, lend credibility to the opposition charge that the screening committee decisions were deeply flawed and even tainted by graft, it will hurt investor sentiment as was seen to be the case with the court-driven cancellation of 2G licences.Battling to convince sceptics that it has not lost the will and ability to arrest a sliding economy, government finds harsh action against allottees a fraught task. As it takes on allies over decisions to attract foreign investment, push disinvestment and trim subsidies, cancelling coal blocks can mean an added risk.The allocation of coal blocks across a spectrum of influential business groups does not make the de-allocation process any easier either as affected entities command considerable fire power.Sources said delays in operationalising auctions has cost the government dearly, but argued the July 2006 law ministry advice that bidding could be implemented by administrative fiat was flawed. \"The changes impact rights of states. It could not have been an administrative order,\" they said.The same advice also said if auctions were embedded in amendments to the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, they would be on a \"sounder footing\". CAG has referred to the administrative option while the government points to the other part. \"The advice could have been improved on,\" admitted sources.Once the government decided to amend the MMDR Act in mid-2006, it took till 2010 for the law to be changed and the delay saw more allocations by the screening committee route. This is now seen to be difficult to defend although part of the delay is ascribed to factors beyond the control of the executive.Those familiar with the 2G scam point to senior ministers opposing cancellation of licences on similar grounds. With Prime Minister Manmohan Singh facing flak for allocations made during his tenure as coal minister, Congress is stoutly defending the government against the charge of largescale malfeasance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "16404209", "title": "Matoli gives a seasonal floral welcome to Lord Ganesh", "text": "KERI: The tradition of making a matoli, which is an integral part of Ganesh Chaturthi celebration in Goa and Konkan, gives a seasonal floral welcome to Lord Ganesh.The clay idol of Ganesh is installed only after the matoli, a wooden canopy containing seasonal flowers, fruits, roots, leaves and creepers, is kept in place over the head of Lord Ganesh.The fourth day of the fifth month of the Hindu calendar Bhadrapad is the first day of the Ganesh chaturthi festival. The clay idol of Ganesh is installed only after the matoli is decorated with the seasonal flowers, fruits and other floral diversity. The matoli depicts various elements of seasonal floral wealth available in the locality. Families residing in the foot hills or in the lush green forests of Western Ghats, try all the possible attempts to decorate their matolis with a variety of seasonal flowers and fruits.Mahadev Gaonkar, an agriculturist from Talewada-Neturli of Sanguem said, \"We decorate our matoli mainly with flowers and fruits, creepers and leaves brought from the jungle. Threads made from the bark of kevan shrub are used specially for tying the floral element. Every year I make use of Chavarmando bark for the outer border of our matoli.\"Mahendra Phaldesai, a folklorist from Canacona said, \"In matoli, cultivated as well as wildly grown fruits, flowers are tied. In the hilly areas matoli is decorated with biological wealth that is available in forests. In the areas of Ponda flowers and fruits predominantly available in Kulagar (horticulture grove) are used.\"Rama Gaonkar from Satre-Sattari, living inside the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary has already achieved a hat-trick at the State level matoli competition organised by Directorate of Art and Culture. Last year he has exhibited more than 300 items.\"We are living in a forest, the love for nature and environment is in our blood. For a fortnight before the festival we make attempts to collect required fruits, flowers, roots, tubers, creepers and roots. Though our house is situated in the remotest area, people make it a point to visit it to see the matoli every year,\" said Gaonkar.Devotees have strong belief that by tying various elements of floral diversity in the matoli, the lord blesses them with bounties of natural wealth.Subhadra Arjun Gawas, a folklorist says, \"The elephant headed Lord Ganesh is the symbolic representation of nature and environment. By decorating the matoli, our ancestors have given us a feeling of forest through the tradition of matoli. Knowledge of ethnobotany is being transmitted from one generation to another.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16404319", "title": "Protests against film pass off peacefully", "text": "HYDERABAD: Protests planned in Saidabad and Dabeerpura against the controversial American film 'Innocence of Muslims' went off peacefully with security beefed up around the areas. While text messages were doing the rounds since Thursday inviting people to join the protest against the 'insult of Muslims and Prophet Mohammad', the turnout was poor.The Youth of Saidabad led by Moutasim Billah organised a protest at Masjid-e-Ujale Shah in Saidabad at 2 pm. The American flag was laid on the ground for people to walk over it, but only a handful obliged. The flag was later burnt amid anti-American sloganeering. \"We strongly condemn and will not tolerate the slandering of Prophet Mohammad.\"When asked if he had watched the film, Billah replied in the negative. In another protest planned at Dabeerpura at 4.30 pm, Azampura division corporator and Amjadullah Khan battered an effigy of the film maker Sam Bascile. \"We demand that the Indian government instruct Google to take the video off YouTube. Otherwise we will stage a dharna at the Google office in Madhapur.\"According to East Zone DCP Y Gangadhar, as part of the bandobast at the mosque, RAF was deployed but no arrests were made. However, security in the South Zone was beefed up with an additional 36 pickets being set up along with an increase in the number of patrolling parties across the Old City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16402534", "title": "Yuki gives India lead in Davis Cup", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The sun shone on Yuki Bhambri as India pinched a five-set win in the opening rubber of the Davis Cup Asia-Oceania zone Group I relegation play-off tie against New Zealand at CLTA Stadium on Friday.Outplayed in the first two sets by New Zealand's Daniel King-Turner in cool and cloudy conditions following a two-hour rain-delayed start, Yuki got out of his slumber once the skies cleared to take the match 3-6, 0-6, 6-2, 6-4 6-2 in three hours and 15 minutes of pretty mediocre tennis.Vishnu Vardhan came out all guns blazing and dominated Jose Statham before insufficient light halted the day's proceedings. Vishnu had just won the third set to nose ahead 6-2, 6-7 (5-7), 6-4 when the New Zealanders wanted the match stopped. The lights were on, but two of the bulbs had gone off and Spanish referee Javier Sansierri, after consulting with both teams, decided that play would resume at 10am on Saturday, with the doubles rubber to follow the unfinished second singles.\"We could have played another set today, but New Zealand were not willing,\" said Indian captain SP Misra. Vishnu will play the doubles unless his match with Statham goes the full distance, in which case Sanam Singh will team up with Divij Sharan.Talking of Yuki, he moved around the court like a zombie. He had no control over what was happening around him or what he was supposed to do to change things.The 28-year-old Turner-King did nothing exceptional and yet found himself in the driver's seat.The Indian, ranked 200 places above his opponent, missed three break points in the fourth game before dropping serve twice on the trot to hand King-Turner the opening set.The second set was a blur for the struggling Indian and King-Turner, volleying with precision and taking every chance coming his way, ran away to a two sets to love lead.Humiliation beckoning, Yuki did well to get on board first up in the third set. The rhythm in his swing seemed to be returning but more importantly, humidity in the air was rising too.Vishnu was far more impressive. The serve is the key to his game and on this day, the Hyderabad lad put in his deliveries fast and furious. He didn't let the more experienced Statham have a sniff at a break point while pocketing the first set in 33 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403089", "title": "Activists plan to relocate Hill Road hawkers", "text": "MUMBAI: The H (West) Citizens' Trust in Bandra will undertake up a pilot project to shift the hawkers from Hill Road. Currently, there are only 37 licensed hawkers and 75 unauthorized vendors.\"Hawkers clash with residents and shopkeepers on Hill Road. We keep getting calls to help. There could have been a communal problem,\" said Anandini Thakoor, chairperson of the trust.\"We managed to resolve the matter with the help of police. Last month, local resident Valerie Fernandes was assaulted by bike-borne hawkers. They also indulge in eve-teasing and all sorts of notorious activities,\" she added. Thakoor said the trust plans to carry out a pilot project on Hill Road. \"We aim to rehabilitate them. We want to shift them to Reclamation or Almeida Park and will take them into confidence,\" she said.\"We want to have an amicable understanding,\" Thakoor added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "16407076", "title": "KS Sudarshan, former RSS chief, passes away", "text": "RAIPUR: Former RSS Sarsanghchalak, KS Sudarshan (81), died here this morning at about 6.30am after suffering a heart attack. His cremation will take place at Nagpur, the RSS headquarters, on Sunday evening at 3pm.Sudarshan, who led the right-wing Hindu organization from 2000-2009, had arrived in the city on Thursday from Jabalpur and was staying at the local RSS office, Jagriti Mandal, Pandri. According local RSS workers, the former sarsanghchalak had come here to release the book of Chattisgarh Rajya Sabha MP, Gopal Vyas. The book release function was held on Friday evening.A RSS worker who was present at Jagriti Bhawan this morning said Sudharshan apparently suffered a \"massive heart attack\" and died within few minutes. \"He complained about chest pain at about 6am and we immediately called a cardiologist. However, the doctor, who came at about 6.30am, pronounced him dead\", he said. Sudarshan was reportedly a heart patient and had undergone a bypass a decade ago.The RSS chief was slated to leave for Nagpur on Sunday morning. RSS sources said that his body would be taken to Nagpur on Saturday afternoon at about 2pm and will be kept at the party's headquarters for people to pay their last respects.Though Sudarshan had been staying with his family in Mysore for quite some time, he was born in this very city on June 18, 1931 in a Sanketi Brahmin family. He did his Bachelor of Engineering in Telecommunications (honours) from Sagar University.He joined RRS Shakha at a young age of nine years and became a prachark in 1954. He went on to become the prant pracharak of Madhya Bharat in 1964. He also the headed the RSS think tank, Boudhik Cell, and in 1990 he became the joint general secretary of the organisation and later he became the Sarsanghchalak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16404773", "title": "4 gold chains worth Rs 1.96 lakh snatched", "text": "PUNE: Four gold chains worth Rs 1.96 lakh were snatched in three separate incidents at Bavdhan, Walhekarwadi and Bibvewadi on Thursday.Around 8am in Bibvewadi, Rajeshwari Punaru (29) of Hastipuram society was walking home after dropping her children to school. Two men approached her and snatched her gold chain worth Rs 1.5 lakh and fled. Assistant police inspector of the Bibvewadi police station B R Naikwadi is investigating the case.Around an hour later at Bavdhan, two unidentified persons on a motorcycle snatched two gold chains worth Rs 16,000 from Lata Chandole and fled. Chandole was returning home after work.Sub-inspector of Hinjewadi police station P D Palande is investigating.Around 1pm at Walhekarwadi in Chinchwad, Prajakta (26) was returning home from work when two motorcycle-borne men snatched her gold chain worth Rs 30,000 and fled. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "16405025", "title": "Uttarakhand cloudbursts: 33 killed, 35 missing", "text": "DEHRADUN: A series of cloudbursts struck Uttarakhand since last night triggering landslides and flash floods that left 33 dead, 35 missing and several injured in parts of the hill state.Ukhimath area in Rudraprayag district was the worst hit as a cloudburst in the wee hours flattened dozens of homes in eight villages killing at least 29 people in their sleep. Over 35 people have gone missing in the disaster and 15 were injured.\"29 bodies have been recovered so far and 35 persons are still missing,\" Piyush Rautela Executive Director of Disaster Management and Mitigation Department (DMMD) here said.Villages like Chunni, Mangoli, Kimana, Sansari, Giriya, Brahmankholi, Premnagar and Juatok in Ukhimath area were the worst hit, he said.As the calamity struck the region, authorities launched rescue and relief operations with the help of the army and ITBP personnel. However, intermittent rains hampered relief and rescue operations, Rautela said.Around 120 army and ITBP personnel were pressed for rescue operations. A helicopter has been kept on the standby for evacuation.Communication and power lines were disrupted and traffic along several roads, including national highways in the area, was affected, DMMC officials said.Rishikesh-Badrinath and Rishikesh-Gangotri highways have been closed due to landslips triggered by incessant rains.Expressing shock over the tragedy, Chief Minister Vijay Bahuguna asked the District Magistrate to ensure relief and rescue operations on a war footing and sanctioned Rs 10 crore for the purpose.Four persons were killed in flash floods triggered by a cloudburst in Bageshwar district last night. A couple was swept away in Kapkot area of the district. In two other incidents, two persons including a woman, were killed in Jagthana and Kharak Tanatoli villages in the district.A similar tragedy in Uttarkashi district last month had claimed 28 lives and left 6 missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16405826", "title": "BCCI justifies decision to terminate Deccan Chargers contract", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BCCI on Saturday sought to justify the decision to terminate the IPL contract of debt-ridden Deccan Chargers, saying it was compelled to take action after the beleaguered franchise claimed that it had not committed any breaches and threatened to take legal recourse.The BCCI said the decision to terminate the IPL contract of Deccan Chargers was taken after \"careful deliberation\" and only due to the absolute inability of the franchise to effectively run the team.In a late night development on Friday, the BCCI cracked the whip on the cash-strapped Deccan Chargers by terminating the contract, ending the suspense on the fate of the beleaguered franchise. The decision was taken at an emergency Governing Council meeting of the IPL in Chennai.\"BCCI was compelled to hold an emergency meeting of the IPL Governing Council late Friday evening to discuss certain developments due to the Deccan Chargers' defaults,\" Board secretary Sanjay Jagdale said in a press release.\"This evening (Friday), BCCI has received a lawyers notice invoking arbitration from the franchise stating that it had not committed any breaches and even if such breaches were committed, the BCCI should not act to terminate the franchise till Yes Bank Ltd furnishes sufficient finance to cure the breaches.\"By this, Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd has clearly admitted its inability to cure its breaches within the time stipulated in the BCCI notice despite every bit of assistance from the BCCI. Since the month of May, BCCI has received repeated assurances that the overdue player fees would be paid; all of these promises have been unfulfilled,\" Jagdale said.Jagdale said the BCCI made every effort to save the beleaguered franchise which also rejected the sole bid that was received at the auction.\"Despite the Bombay High Court appointing a court officer to act as Observer at the opening of the tender, which was conducted under the aegis of the BCCI to save the beleaguered franchise, Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd rejected the bid that was received in the amount of Rs 450 crores cash and an equal sum in convertible debentures. This was despite the bidder meeting the eligibility criteria of the BCCI,\" Jagdale said in the release.Jagdale said The Governing Council took note of the sudden change of stance by the franchise and also the fact that any further extension of time would seriously prejudice the interests of the players.\"Considering the stated position of the Deccan franchise to refuse to rectify the various defaults including payments to players, foreign Boards etc, as also the deleterious effect such conduct would have on the reputation of the IPL and the franchise itself, a decision was taken to forthwith terminate the Deccan Chargers franchise\".\"The BCCI is completely justified in this action which was taken with careful deliberation and only due to the absolute inability of the franchise to effectively run the team,\" he said.The termination of charges means that they will get no money and the BCCI will be entitled to encash the bank guarantee and make the necessary payment to the players and other stake holders. A similar thing has happened when the contract of Kochi Tuskers Kerala was terminated.According to a top BCCI official, the Board will now explore the option of floating a fresh tender for a new IPL team for the sixth edition next year. The matter will be discussed at the IPL Governing Council meeting and the Working Committee meeting in Chennai.\"This option would be discussed when the governing council meets as we want nine teams to take part in the next edition of the IPL,\" the official said.The BCCI, it is learnt, also took legal opinion before deciding to terminate the Deccan contract mainly on the ground that it mortgaged the team to a consortium of banks which was clearly a breach of contract.The Deccan Chargers owned by Deccan Chronicle Holdings, was hoping to resolve its financial problems by selling the team but it rejected the sole bid it received at the auction in Chennai on Thursday.PVP Ventures Limited, the Hyderabad-based urban infrastructure and film production company, had offered Rs 900 crores but Deccan rejected it finding the terms of payment and the amount unacceptable.It is said that the banks were primarily unhappy with the mode of payment which ultimately led to the deal falling through.Deccan Chronicle Holdings purchased the Hyderabad franchise for Rs 428 crore in 2008. At the auction, the base price was said to be around Rs 750 crore.The winning bidder had to meet BCCI's eligibility criteria and other requirements. This was the first time an entire IPL franchise has been put on the block by its owners, although Rajasthan Royals sold a small stake in 2009 to the actress Shilpa Shetty and her husband Raj Kundra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16405591", "title": "I've earned my post, won't quit JD(S): Pooja", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as JD(S) state president HD Kumaraswamy is furious at BJP MP Ayanur Manjunath's remark likening the JD(S) to the infamous Dandupalya gang with actor Pooja Gandhi as its queen , she is unfazed by the brouhaha. She told TOI here on Friday that such comments have not deterred her decision to stay on in the party.Has party president Kumaraswamy's suggestion to quit the JD(S) in the wake of comments by Ayanur Manjunath hurt you? I'm not hurt. Kumaranna is a big leader. He has not asked me to quit the JD(S). He was concerned about me and felt bad about Manjunath's statements. The latter has no right to comment on my movie role. Why does he refer to my role in 'Dandupalya' and not 'Mungaru Male'?So, you're not going to leave the JD(S) which you joined in January 2012? I'm a strong person. I won't leave the party. I'm the working president of the JD(S) state youth wing. But a woman won't tolerate such comments. I've got a lot of respect from the party. This post was not given to me just because I'm an actor; I've earned it.Kumaraswamy is categorical he doesn't need the support of any film star to build his party as he can do so on his own. He doesn't want to share the platform with you in future... Anna is right. He's the crowd-puller, not me. I may be a film star, but people come in lakhs to see him. I have seen how helpful he is to people when he stops his car by the roadside and asks about their problems.Do you plan to file a defamation suit? !I'm not really bothered about Manjunath. I'll only tell him he shouldn't make such lewd remarks against not just me but other women in the film industry too.It was an emotional outburst: HDK JD(S) state president HD Kumaraswamy on Friday said his advice to Pooja Gandhi to quit the party was an \"emotional outburst and it is a closed chapter now\". \"She is free to remain in the party. But I will ask her not to participate in my programmes. Else, cheap minds will continue talking,'' he told TOI. \"In my experience, I don't think actors can be serious politicians. The best example is actor MH Ambareesh. You can't see (in them) the commitment and responsiveness required in a public representative or a leader,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16404484", "title": "State seeks pvt investors help for maintenance of monuments", "text": "KOCHI: The state government has invited private investors to fund the maintenance of ancient monuments in the country.Calling on private investors to come up with proposals to work jointly in preservation of monuments, state minister for culture K C Joseph said that private groups could fund the cleaning and maintenance of monuments which will also give them branding opportunities.He said that under the Kerala Heritage Signage project, private parties can apply for taking up different projects. Under the project, signages are proposed on highways and roads to destinations. As far as possible, internationally accepted and recognized symbols and colour codes will be used. The project will include setting up of detailed destination signage system.The director general of the Centre for heritage studies (CHS), Dr M G S Narayanan said that the Muziris project needed to be intensified. One of the biggest project that is being proposed is the setting up of the international rock art museum at Azheekkal.A comprehensive village to village survey of heritage sites has also been floated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16404790", "title": "Suspected rebel held for \u2018rape\u2019", "text": "BERHAMPUR: A 62-year-old suspected Maoist has been arrested from Katma village in Gajapati district's Adava police station on charges of raping at least four tribal girls in the last six months.Four rape victims, all aged between 13 and 25 years and all from Katma village, have lodged police complaints against Mukunda Paricha. The latest victim was a 13-year-old Class VIII tribal girl, who, according to her complaint, was raped by Paricha on July 13. He was arrested on Thursday.The victims have told police that Paricha identified himself as a Maoist and took them, along with their parents, to nearby jungles in the name of some discussion. After going some distance in the forests, he stopped the parents and took the young girls further inside the jungle, and raped them. He threatened the victims with dire consequences if they divulged the matter. Since the area is a Maoist stronghold, the tribal girls could not dare lodge complaints.SDPO of R Udaygiri S Ch Paricha said, \"We have sent Parichha for medical test and also verifying if he has any link with Maoists.\" Police have already unearthed nine crude bombs from a jungle, based on information got from the arrested man during interrogation.Police officers interrogating Parichha said they suspected he might be involved in a number of Maoist offensives in the district of late. \"We are probing from all angles,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16402787", "title": "Government creates health systems commission", "text": "BANGALORE: The stage seems set for Bangalore University vice-chancellor Dr N Prabhu Dev's exit from the varsity. The government on Friday created a new department of which the controversial VC will be chairperson if medical education minister SA Ramdas approves the proposal.Sources from the health &amp; family welfare department on Friday confirmed the government's approval. \"The government has approved formation of a new department, Health Systems Commission, of which Dr Prabhu Dev will be chairman. This department would work under the medical education department. The final order about Dr Prabhu Dev's appointment will be issued by the medical education minister,\" official sources told TOI.Sources in BU said the government is keen on removing the VC before the assembly elections in 2013. His term is due to end on Feb. 5, 2013. Minister for higher education CT Ravi denied receiving any communication about Dr Prabhu Dev's transfer till Friday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16404947", "title": "MCA for its own T20 league next year", "text": "MUMBAI: After the success of T20 leagues in Orissa, Jaipur and Karnataka, it'll be Mumbai's turn to take the T20 bait and start a T20 league of its own. Newly-elected MCA president Ravi Savant announced the plans of a T20 league on Friday.\"With the introduction of T20, there is additional avenue for cricketers to make good living. MCA intends to start Mumbai T20 Prestige League (MTPL),\" he said at a meeting with MCA's member-clubs.\"However, taking into consideration the legal complications involved with individual sponsors, player commitments and tax exemption of the association, we have to formulate a structure,\" he said, adding that it can be started only next year.\"We have to formulate a structure which will be done as early as possible with a proper legal framework and finding a clear window for the tournament in the new tournament structure of MCA,\" Savant said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16395535", "title": "My wife should support me through thick and thin says Gagan Narang", "text": "Gagan Narang had taken to shooting as a pastime. He never imagined that it would one day lead to his name being included in the excellence list of sports. It's been a month since Gagan won the bronze medal at the Olympics and he's already aiming to better his score in Rio next Olympics.\"I am so happy with all the admiration and love I have got from the country. I want to promote shooting at the grassroot level. Talent should be identified right from school. We have just scraped the surface; there is a long way to go,\" he says.The ace shooter also believes that Indians are good at mind games. \"Take any game like chess, snooker, billiards - we have proved our mettle,\" says he.As a kid, Gagan wanted to be an air force pilot. \"After trying my hands at almost every sport, I gave shooting a shot. If the government and corporates support me, we can create world champions,\" says he. He's thrilled with the current spotlight on sports.\"Earlier, there was a saying 'padhoge, likhoge, banoge nawab'. But now, it is the other way round - 'kheloge, kudoge, banoge nawab,\" he adds with a smile. He also admits that the film industry has played a major role in promoting sports. \"Sanjay Leela Bhansali is making a film on boxing champion Mary Kom.Plus, a lot of Bollywood stars like Shah Rukh Khan are associating themselves with sports. Nana Patekar too is an ardent shooter. I will be more than happy if a film is made on the life of a shooter. It can portray the struggle and efforts which go into the making of a shooter,\" he says.His life hasn't been devoid of struggles. \"There was a time, when my parents sold the land where they were planning to build a house, to buy me a rifle. We lived in a rented house for 15 years. I am lucky to get the right kind of support. The effort of my parents has made me what I am today,\" he adds.Gagan, who is often in Pune as he has a shooting academy here, has been receiving a lot of marriage proposals. But this eligible bachelor says, \"My parents are looking into that matter. Right now I want to devote my time to the sport.\" Does he have anyone in mind? \"I don't have a dream girl.A sportsman goes through a lot of ups and down in their career. She should be able to support me through thick and thin,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407710", "title": "I'm excited to be performing at the Le Club Musique: Adnan Sami", "text": "Talented singer Adnan Sami is all set to enthrall the audience, at the Le Club MusiqueYou are now associated with Le Club Musique, What are your views about this platform initiated by Lucky Morani and Bina Aziz?It is a fantastic platform indeed. I quiet like the idea of bringing the music lovers and fans up and close. I have performed in front of large audiences before, but Le Club Musique gives us an opportunity to perform in front of exclusive audience in an extremely intimate environment. It's all about performing in front of your colleagues and other musicians. I have attended earlier concerts of Le Club Musique; you get to see a lot of spontaneity. It's a unique atmosphere.At the Le Club Musique- Bheegi Bheegi Raat Mein Concert, What are you looking forward to? This concert is about singing songs of other artists as well, which is your favorite artist, whose song you would sing?I would be singing my songs of previous albums, all my popular albums and Bollywood tracks as well. I am a pianist so you will be seeing some piano action too, a cross-section of all my hits.You are used to performing for thousands of people. The Le Club Musique event, will be for a much smaller select audience. Will it make a difference to you? Will you deal with this differently?It is not a question of quantity but quality that matters. Yes, I can't deny the fact big arena and concerts have a thrill. But what Le Club Musique has created is a special thrill altogether, performing for the audience comprising of your colleagues and fellow musicians. It is a different tone. I am pretty much excited about it.Tell us about some fond memories associated with your song (or video) Bheegi Bheegi Raat Main or Tera chehra.Bheegi Bheegi Raat Mein was written during the monsoons of Mumbai. The song has characteristics of rains. I created the rattle in the song signifying the rhythm of rains. And the song Tera Chehra I wrote the mukhda of the song in flat five minutes. Music just naturally happens to you and you don't even realise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "16406046", "title": "KS Sudarshan, former RSS chief, passes away", "text": "RAIPUR: Former RSS Sarsanghchalak, KS Sudarshan (81), died here this morning at about 6.30am after suffering a heart attack. His cremation will take place at Nagpur, the RSS headquarters, on Sunday evening at 3pm.Sudarshan, who led the right-wing Hindu organization from 2000-2009, had arrived in the city on Thursday from Jabalpur and was staying at the local RSS office, Jagriti Mandal, Pandri. According local RSS workers, the former sarsanghchalak had come here to release the book of Chattisgarh Rajya Sabha MP, Gopal Vyas. The book release function was held on Friday evening.A RSS worker who was present at Jagriti Bhawan this morning said Sudharshan apparently suffered a \"massive heart attack\" and died within few minutes. \"He complained about chest pain at about 6am and we immediately called a cardiologist. However, the doctor, who came at about 6.30am, pronounced him dead\", he said. Sudarshan was reportedly a heart patient and had undergone a bypass a decade ago.The RSS chief was slated to leave for Nagpur on Sunday morning. RSS sources said that his body would be taken to Nagpur on Saturday afternoon at about 2pm and will be kept at the party's headquarters for people to pay their last respects.Though Sudarshan had been staying with his family in Mysore for quite some time, he was born in this very city on June 18, 1931 in a Sanketi Brahmin family. He did his Bachelor of Engineering in Telecommunications (honours) from Sagar University.He joined RRS Shakha at a young age of nine years and became a prachark in 1954. He went on to become the prant pracharak of Madhya Bharat in 1964. He also the headed the RSS think tank, Boudhik Cell, and in 1990 he became the joint general secretary of the organisation and later he became the Sarsanghchalak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16404423", "title": "Politicos face citizens ire over Ahmedabad's traffic conditions", "text": "AHMEDABAD: What was supposed to be a meet with the public to resolve traffic issues turned into a public display of angst on Friday. Facing the brunt of public ire were politicians who may have hoped to capitalize on this opportunity to mix traffic and politics.Irate citizens, armed with a plethora of complaints, literally stopped politicians from hogging the limelight at the meet. This was the first public meet to discuss city's traffic issues at Town Hall on Friday afternoon, was organized by additional chief secretary (home), S K Nanda. More than 500 citizens participated in the event which was attended by senior officials from Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) and city and state police.Municipal commissioner, Guruprasad Mohapatra, first spoke about AMC's initiatives to resolve traffic troubles in the city. The focus then shifted as four city MLAs - Mohammed Farooq Shaikh of Congress, Bhushan Bhatt, Rakesh Shah and Geeta Patel of BJP - were asked to share their views on traffic conditions and suggest means to improve them.Shaikh and Bhatt could make their speeches but when Shah got up to speak, the public lost patience and demanded that no political speeches by delivered from the dais. Shah had to hurriedly cut short his speech and had to hand over the platform to citizens who proceeded to vent their anger at the system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "changzhou", "code": "16408418", "title": "Fighter PV Sindhu bows out of China Masters", "text": "CHANGZHOU: Rising Indian shuttler PV Sindhu's giant-killing spree came to a halt after she went down fighting to world number nine Jiang Yanjiao in the women's singles semifinals of the Li Ning China Masters Super Series badminton tournament on Saturday.The 17-year-old, who created a flutter on Friday by beating Olympic champion Li Xuerui in the quarterfinals, lost 10-21 21-14 19-21 to home favourite Yanjiao in an hour and six minutes.The first game lasted just 14 minutes and Sindhu was thoroughly outplayed with Yanjiao reeling off seven consecutive points to clinch the initiative.There weren't too many smashes or delicate net volleys on display in the opening game as the two players relied on each other's errors to score.In the second game, Sindhu roared back by taking a 6-0 lead first up. It was a marked change from the first game as Sindhu seemed more confident in her stroke-play whether it was the baseline or closer to the net.The Indian took 23 minutes to eventually prevail 21-14, which included five smashes and an equal number of winners from the net.The deciding third game went neck and neck to start with before Yanjiao took a slender lead owing to some unforced errors committed by Sindhu.But the Indian came right back with a couple of powerful returns that took Yanjiao by surprise. From being 5-7 down, Sindhu took a 10-8 lead as Yanjiao showed signs of exhaustion in her stroke-play.However, the home favourite was still 11-10 up at the change of ends as she exploited Sindhu's net game, which was a shade weaker than her.The Indian seemed more comfortable playing out long rallies from the baseline.Egged on by the partisan crowd, Yanjiao overcame exhaustion pretty well to take a 16-13 lead.But even though the Chinese was on top when it came to dictating the pace of the game, Sindhu showed that she had it in her to fight the tactical battle.The teenager made it 18-18 but the experienced Chinese raised her game at crucial junctures to eventually prevail 21-19 in the deciding third game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16404709", "title": "Homemakers at a loss over LPG use bar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Homemakers in the city are angry over the cap on the maximum number of subsidized cooking gas cylinders at six while bus and truck-owners have threatened to go on strike in protest against the diesel price hike. \"We need at least 8 to 9 cylinders a year even if we use electricity-run rice cookers and induction heaters and eat out twice a month. The limit should be at least eight cylinders. Otherwise, the kitchen budget will go haywire,\" said Anusuya Sahoo, homemaker of a nuclear family comprising her husband and a three-year-old son. Two additional cylinders mean an extra annual budget of around Rs 800.LPG distributors, however, have welcomed the government move limiting number of cylinders. \"Putting a cap on number of subsidized cylinders will prevent black marketing,\" said Pramod Panda, secretary, All Odisha LPG Distributors' Association.Reacting to the hike in diesel price, the Odisha State Truck Owners Federation has threatened to launch an agitation. \"Despite a high-level technical committee recommending hike in minimum freight charges from Rs 21.35 per km to Rs 29.65 per km in 2011, the government did not increase the rate. With the latest diesel price rise, it will be difficult to operate. The government should either roll back the hike or increase freight charges. Otherwise, we will be forced to call a strike,\" said federation general secretary Rabi Satapathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16413840", "title": "I am too young to marry: Prabhas", "text": "Actor Prabhas is not known to talk too much at public events and the star prefers to keep to himself. But last night the reclusive actor seemed to be in an outgoing mood. The actor opened like never before when he took the stage at the audio launch of Rebel. He made a rather long speech addressed to the hordes of audience and fans assembled at the Shilpa Kala Vedika, the venue of the music launch.As the strapping actor was speaking on stage somebody from the audience popped the marriage question much to the amusement of the actor. But Prabhas it seems is in no mood to let go off the bachelor tag. \"Well I am still too young to get married man. Let me find a suitable girl first, then I will think of marriage,\" said Prabhas. Well the actor is in his early thirties but how does that matter. Guess they call him \"Young Rebel Star\" for a good reason. We are sure his female fans are not complaining about his single status.Getting back to the movie, Rebel will hit the screens on September 28 th amid huge expectations. Tamannaah is playing the female lead in the movie directed by Lawrence. Now that the movie is finally releasing after being under making for so long, that's a reason for celebration in itself. What say Prabhas?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407573", "title": "Barfi! with Ranbir was like a workshop: Sumona Chakravarti", "text": "Sumona Chakravarti, who grabbed eyeballs with her effective portrayal of Natasha Kapoor in Bade Achhe Lagte Hain shares screen space with Ranbir Kapoor in Barfi!The actress claims that she wasn't star struck by Ranbir's presence, but he definitely taught her a lot by essaying a mute character so effortlessly. \"Ranbir is like a workshop. I observed him so much and he is a marvelous actor. I am not star struck by him, but when he was shooting for the film, he was Barfi and not Ranbir,\" said Sumona.Girls go gaga over the Kapoor boy, but Sumona says that he is just like any other guy. \"Ranbir is very simple. He is a regular guy. When we all went for screening, I remember him getting nervous as anyone else,\" added the actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16404275", "title": "Phase I engg admissions end; no takers for 42% seats", "text": "HYDERABAD: Indicating a largescale migration of students to other states and glut of seats, nearly 42% of the seats in the state's engineering colleges remained vacant at the end of the first phase of admissions on Friday. While 26 colleges had seen up to 10 admissions in them, six colleges have not had a single enrolment. In 2011, only two colleges had recorded zero admissions. A total of 1.3 lakh seats out of 2.3 lakh convener quota were filled up at the end of Eamcet counselling on Friday.At a conference on Friday, Ajay Jain, commissioner, technical education, said the six colleges with zero admissions were in rural areas. Adusumalli Vijaya Institute of Technology and Residential Centre, Bommalaramaram, Gokul Group of Institutions, Bobbili, Lumbini Group of Institutitions, Bhognir, Matrix Institution of Technology, Chikatimamidi, Sri Padmavathi Engineering College, Kavali and TRV College of Engineering and Technology, Alampur had no takers. \"The state government has to decide whether colleges where just a handful of students took admission should be allowed to function,\" Jain said. Meanwhile, Eamcet camp officer G Ranghunath said seats in all the 31 government engineering colleges were snapped up. Nearly 114 private engineering colleges have recorded 100 per cent admissions.Among the hot favourite streams were Electronic and Communication Engineering (ECE) and Computer Science Engineering with 38,912 and 27,705 admissions respectively. Mechanical Engineering and Civil Engineering were also preferred by many students this year.The last date for students to report to allotted colleges in which seats were allotted to themis September 20. The colleges will then put up the final list of students who have taken admission on September 24.The second phase of counselling for the leftover seats will be held from September 26 to 29. Officials announced helpline numbers, 1800-42-58368 or 040-23313085, for students who want to take admission in the second phase.Officials said students from weaker sections who are eligible for full reimbursement under the fee reimbursement scheme will have to avail the same approaching the helpline centres. As per the government order, students who have studied in rural colleges or those who have previously availed government scholarships under welfare schemes will be eligible for full reimbursement. They will have to submit proof of the same at the helpline centres. The full reimbursement is applicable to admissions in 87 colleges where fee ranges from Rs 50,800 to Rs 1.05 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16404598", "title": "Ganesha idols made here cross seas", "text": "MANGALORE: Come Ganesh Chaturthi, this household in Mangalore will be buzzing with activities. They have been making eco-friendly Ganesha idols for devotees without charging a penny for the past 83 years.Brothers Prabhakar Rao, Ramachandra Rao and Sudhakar Rao, took over the tradition from their late father Mohan Rao and make Ganesha idols without using moulds, oil paints, plaster of Paris or any other chemical substances .Raos start accepting the orders from the auspicious day of Chitra Nakshatra, the birth star of Lord Ganesha, which comes about two months before the Ganesh Chaturthi. The work commences as and when devotees bring peeta (wooden seat) for the idol. The clay with which idols are made is brought from Sujirkars Tile Factory. \"We use straw and clay to make idols and instead of oil paints, we use lead-free colours that do not contaminate water. The size of Ganseha idol varies between one foot and 12 feet,\" said Prabhakar Rao. The family makes the idols at their home, Sri Ganesh.The family does not charge their customers. However, they accept a Dakshine that the customers give them with 'phala-thamboola' (coconut -beetle nut leaves). \"For us it is not a business. We are just continuing the tradition handed over to us by our father. All of us have our own business. We do not fix a price for Ganesha idols. We accept whatever devotees give us, happily,\" says Ramachandra Rao.This year the family has received 194 orders including one each from the UK and the US.Mulky Panduranga Sharma, a member of Santhana Dharma Kendra Association, San Jose, California has been taking Ganesh idols made by the Raos to the US for the past 18 years. The association celebrates the festival for five days and nearly 500 devotees attend it.For Dr Srisha Shenoy, Ganesh Chaturthi is not complete without the idols made at Sri Ganesh.He keeps the idols at Wrexham Memorial Hall in UK during Ganesh Chaturthi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bhabhua", "code": "16407964", "title": "Train passengers injured, cash and valuables looted in Bihar", "text": "BHABHUA: Armed dacoits looted cash and valuables from passengers of a New Delhi-bound express train and injured eight of them near Gaya railway station in Bihar's Kaimur district, a railway official said on Saturday.A ten-member gang of dacoits boarded the Howrah-New Delhi Express at Gaya railway station and looted cash and belongings of passengers and injured eight of them in six coaches on Friday night before escaping between Kudra and Pasauli stations, central railway chief public relations officer Amitabh Prabhakar said.Eight men and two women passengers who were injured were admitted at Mughalsarai Railway Hospital, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16405046", "title": "CM rules out diesel tax cut, PNG expansion", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbaikars are likely to be hit both on the road and at home. While the state government has indicated it might not be able to cut sales tax on diesel like last year, shortage of gas will scuttle Mumbaikars' plans of shifting to a piped gas connection.Speaking to newspersons on Friday, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said the state might not be able to rescue citizens from the diesel hike this time. Chavan also said the Union cabinet is likely to take a decision on petrol and kerosene prices in the next few days.When prices were last hiked in July 2011, the state cut sales tax on diesel by 2% following Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's missive. \"Any reduction in tax rate impacts the state's revenue income,\" Chavan said.Asked about plans to expand the piped gas network and permissions for new pipelines, he said the core concern was gas shortage. He said even power plants at Dabhol and Uran were performing below capacity due to the gas shortage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "torino", "code": "16408715", "title": "Shiv Kapur shoots 69, tied 14th at Italian Open", "text": "TORINO: Indian golfer Shiv Kapur played out yet a steady second round of three-under 69 that kept him in touch with the leaders at the Italian Open.Kapur, whose five-under 67 on first day put him in tied 10th place, is now tied 14th but is only four behind leader Richard Bland, who has played identical rounds of 66 on both the days.Meanwhile, SSP Chowrasia was done in by a triple bogey as he carded a two-over 74 and crashed out early. Chowrasia had a first-round 71 and his one-over 145 was not enough to keep him for the weekend as the cut came at four-under.Bland birdied the last three holes of his second round to snatch the halfway lead. The 39-year-old Englishman is yet to win on The European Tour despite 10 years of trying but now has a fantastic chance to break through at Royal Park I Roveri after a six-under 66 took him to 12-under overall.Kapur parred the first five holes before dropping a shot on the sixth.But thereafter he was very and birdied the seventh to get back to even for the day. Then birdies on 10th, 12th and 18th ensured a good day at 69 and a total of eight-under for 36 holes.Kapur is currently 136th on the Race to Dubai Order of Merit and needs to get into top-115 to get his card for 2013 and needs to come into top-60 to qualify for the year-ending Dubai World Championships.Chowrasia had five birdies but he also had four bogeys and one triple-bogey in his 74.Bland is one stroke ahead of France's Gregory Bourdy , Spaniard Gonzalo Fernandez-Castano, South Africa's Garth Mulroy and Scot Marc Warren.Bland is also in need of a good week to retain his place on the European Tour for 2013. He currently lies 126th on the Race to Dubai with only the top 115 keeping their cards.Fernandez-Castano admitted the advice of Ryder Cup Captain Jose Maria Olazabal had helped his putting in a round of 65.Bourdy's eight birdie 64 was the best round of the day, while Mulroy and Warren carded 67 and 65 respectively.Martin Kaymer is the best-placed of the three Ryder Cup players in the field after a 66 left him eight under, one ahead of Francesco Molinari and two clear of Nicolas Colsaerts.Meanwhile, Olazabal made the cut on the mark at four under, as did defending champion Robert Rock .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16404972", "title": "One expressway, many problems", "text": "The run-up to the 32-lane toll plaza has several bottlenecks which add to the pile-up on the expressway. Flyovers, underpasses and foot overbridges need to be built to make the journey smoother and safer32-LANE TOLL PLAZA During peak hours, long queues of vehicles stretch to Gurgaon's IFFCO Chowk and Delhi's Rajokari flyover . Gurgaon motorists get stuck in this chaos if they want to go towards Ambience MallSOLUTION: Increase number of toll gates. Start staggered lanes. Encourage tag users. Build a clover leaf flyover to separate traffic from Udyog Vihar to Ambience MallSHANKAR CHOWK Packed during rush hours, even through it's signal free. Merging traffic from IFFCO Chowk, Cyber City, DLF phase III and Udyog Vihar causes congestionSOLUTION: Exit point from expressway to service lane just after Udyog Vihar flyover . DLF phase I and II-bound traffic will take this route. Opening of a road leading from Udyog Vihar Phase III near 32-lane toll plaza will take off burden from Shankar ChowkIFFCO CHOWK Busy intersection. Hawkers , autos encroach upon slip roads leaving only a sliver for carsSOLUTION: There's a proposal to build an underpass here. Traffic police must clamp down on encroachersSIGNATURE TOWER Heavy traffic makes this stretch difficult to negotiateSOLUTION: There's a proposal to build an underpass here. Need to widen slip roads. Police plan to make stretch signal-freeHERO HONDA CHOWK Traffic snarls and waterlogging common. Service lanes damaged. There's no underpass, flyover or foot overbridge. This inconveniences motorists and workers who cross the roadSOLUTION: HUDA with DGSCL, NHAI and Haryana govt need to solve the flyover construction issue. They also need to address water logging problemRAJIV CHOWK Traffic from four sides clog crossing. Added burden of traffic moving in wrong direction on both sides of carriageway. This is because there isn't any U-turn between Rajiv Chowk and Hero Honda Chowk - a stretch of nearly six kmsSOLUTION: Underpass or flyover at Hero Honda Chowk. It will solve problem of having to drive up the wrong way to reach the other side of the road. Traffic lights at Rajiv Chowk will help, also a slip road from Sector 38 to Sohna Road.KHERKI DAULA Like the 32-lane toll plaza, there's a congestion problem here. Given the real state development around Manesar, traffic volume here is bound to increaseSOLUTION: Widening of toll plaza with creation of more lanes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16404189", "title": "Kandolkar lashes out at Azgaonkar", "text": "PANAJI: Goa state horticulture corporation chairman Kiran Kandolkar on Thursday lashed out at former sports minister Manohar 'Babu' Azgaonkar, saying that Azgaonkar's tirade against the corporation is for political reasons and to favour non-Goans.Kandolkar said that Azgaonkar took out a morcha in Margao complaining that the outlets of the GSHC are violating a High Court order and are doing injustice to Goan farmers. Kandolkar said that Azgaonkar has written to the chief minister and the director of agriculture demanding that the government should not allow any more new outlets.Kandolkar said that the horticulture outlets do not violate any high court order and that they are completely legal.\"We have had these outlets for the last five years when he was the minister in the government. Why did he not realize this then? He is playing these political games along with non-Goan vendors from Gandhi market. If he wants to resurrect his political career, he should fight for the right of Goans,\" Kandolkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16403713", "title": "K-factor alone could cut tally of Narendra Modi to 100", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Till about three months ago, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi was targeting a lofty 150 seats in the assembly elections due in December. He wanted to break the record of former chief minister Madhavsinh Solanki who had won 149 seats for the Congress in 1985.Modi had another point to prove. He wanted to achieve the near three-fourth majority which his bete noire Nitish Kumar had secured in the last Bihar elections, fighting jointly with the BJP.Today, even BJP's die-hard leaders can only muster enough confidence to say that Modi would certainly not slip below the 100-seat mark in the 182-member House. The sharp downward revision in the estimate is thanks largely to a resurgent Congress and, more importantly, what is being described as the 'K-factor'.Keshubhai Patel's presence in the electoral arena as a potential third force is an extremely disturbing prospect for the BJP camp, going by past poll arithmetic, because he will directly eat into the BJP vote-bank.Modi won 117 seats in the last elections in 2007. The subsequent by-elections have raised the BJP's tally today to 121.An analysis of the 2007 elections shows that exactly 21 seats were won by the BJP by margins of less than 5,000 votes in close contests. If one presumes that Keshubhai's Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) would be able to muster at least 5,000 votes per seat in 2012, this brings the BJP's tally down to barely 100 seats, which is too close for comfort.Significantly, of the 21 seats which the BJP won by less than 5,000 votes, 10 are in Saurashtra where the GPP will inflict maximum damage. The last time a third party had upset the bi-polar politics of Gujarat was in 1998 when Shankersinh Vaghela's Rashtriya Janata Party (RJP) secured 11.68% votes and bagged four seats.But the RJP had cut both ways and, despite being a splinter group of the BJP, it had damaged the Congress more than the BJP by splitting the OBC vote.Though it is difficult to hazard a guess if GPP will better the bench-mark set by the RJP, the Modi camp is certain that the loss will be borne almost entirely by the BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16405475", "title": "No surplus water to fill Sukhna Lake: Administration", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after Punjab and Haryana high court asked the Chandigarh administration to explore the possibility of diverting surplus water from the city to Sukhna Lake, which is drying up due to reduction in the water level, the administration on Friday informed the court that Chandigarh does not have surplus water for this purpose.Hearing this, HC has asked the UT administration to file an affidavit stating the requirements of water in city and its source. Court also asked UT to explore the possibility of supplying two feet water into lake from check dams. Now the case has been fixed for hearing on September 19.When the PIL pertaining to saving the lake came up for hearing on Friday before a division bench headed by acting chief justice Jasbir Singh, counsel for UT administration submitted that a total of 80 MGD water is available with the administration, while during summer the demand of water rises to 160 MGD, thus it is not possible for the administration to feed water into the Sukhna lake. He also added that out of the total available water of 80 MGD, 67 MGD is taken from canal and the remaining is extracted from tube wells.The matter had reached before the bench of chief justice of the HC following a letter written to the chief justice by a local resident against the deteriorating condition of Sukhna Lake and apathy of the administration toward its maintenance. Taking sou motu cognizance of the letter, the HC had impleaded the Chandigarh administration, Punjab and Haryana and asked them to respond on the issue. The HC has already stayed all kinds of constructions in the forest zone and the catchment area of Sukhna Lake falling within the areas of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16405446", "title": "`One spell of rain and Chandigarh goes powerless'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After rain lashed the city on Friday morning, many sectors remained powerless for the entire afternoon. Ranging from a minimum one-and-half hour cut to a maximum of four hours, thousands of people had to face inconvenience.A resident of Sector 51, Manoj Minhas, said, \"Usually during monsoon, power demand is less and supply is more. Then why was the supply snapped for four hours?\"Like him, Sunidhi Sharma of Sector 38 West too was upset. \"I wanted to watch a programme on TV, so I finished all my work well before time, but by the time I switched on the television, the power went off,\" said an exasperated Sunidhi. \"Last monsoon had lesser power cuts, but now the situation seems to have gone completely out of hand,\" she added.\"My child was sleeping, but he woke up as soon as the power supply was snapped. And he remained cranky the entire day. It's sad that all the tall claims of uninterrupted power supply have fallen flat this year,\" said Reema Negi of Sector 27.But on the other hand, all superintending engineer of the UT electricity department M P Singh could say was, \"I don't know the reason behind power cuts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16403213", "title": "Rain likely to continue for next few days", "text": "NEW DELHI: Moderate to heavy rain in different parts of the city through Friday brought down the temperature by two degrees Celsius. The weather office has forecast continued rain over the next two days.The Met department recorded 19mm rainfall at Palam, 15mm at Pusa and 9mm at Safdarjung between 8.30am and 5.30pm. The minimum temperature was 27.7 degrees Celsius while the maximum was 32.6 degrees Celsius. Met officials said humidity levels were between 78% and 89%. \"The rainfall on Friday was moderate. It is likely to rain in the next two-three days also,\" said an official.Heavy showers that started around 11.30am lasted nearly an hour, especially in South Delhi. There was a massive traffic jam on Ring Road and Outer Ring Road. Evening showers in the NCR affected vehicular movement. Traffic moved slowly on NH-8 (Delhi-Gurgaon) and the UP link road. \"It took me more than an hour to reach Dhaula Kuan from the toll plaza. Then I got stuck in a jam near Lajpat Nagar. It was a bad day,'' said Naveen Sharma, an IT professional.Traffic snarls were reported from various areas, including Laxmi Nagar, Bhogal, Mori Gate, Dhaula Kuan, Moti Bagh, Badarpur, Ashram Chowk, Saket etc. Thankfully, there were no reports of massive waterlogging in the city. But the brief spell of rain in the evening did affect the peak hour traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16405296", "title": "4 miscreants in custody as preventive measure", "text": "NASHIK: Four persons accused of damaging vehicles on Thursday night in the Cidco area have been taken into custody as a preventive measure after they were released on bail on Friday.The four accused- Yogesh Thombare (26), Ajay Thakur (20), Mangesh Gaikwad (20) and Deepak Narole (21)- were picked up late on Thursday after a complaint of rioting was lodged against them and two others, Raj Ratna Nagar, Cidco, by Gauri Koshti of Datta Chowk, Cidco.On Wednesday, two groups clashed in the Cidco area. , and on the same day, the Ambad police picked up a few criminals for preventive action against them.A few members of the Tipper gang suspected that one Rakesh Koshti was giving police information about their gang members, following which the cops were targeting their gang. membersTo avenge this, Yogesh Thombare alias Yogesh Tipper, Ajay Thakur alias Ajay Panwala, Gaikwad, Narole and a few others went to Koshti's house on Thursday night and began hurling abuses at him.The Ambad police said that the accused also banged Koshti's house and threatened Koshti of dire consequences. They further damaged a motorcycle parked outside Koshti's house and also damaged a Maruti car of his neighbour parked there.Cops The Ambad police said that as soon as they got the information about the incident, they rushed to Koshti's house at Datta Chowk and took control of the things. Meanwhile, after the names of the culprits in this case were identified, The accused have been charged with picked up from their residences and their regular hangouts and charged them with rioting.The accused were produced in a court on Friday where their bail plea was accepted. Meanwhile, on Friday the accused were produced in a local court, which accepted their bail plea.The Ambad police, however, said that they have taken the accused into their custody ahead of the considering that they may again indulge into illegal activities during Ganesh Festival. They would also be picking up other suspects as preventive action.With the Ganesh festival just days away, On backdrop of the ensuing Ganesh festival, the city police has begun taking preventive action against elements with criminal record. While some are being slapped with externment notices on why they should not be externed from the city limits during the Ganesh Festival, given their criminal past, the city police are also taking bonds from anti social elements for good behaviour, under the Bombay Police Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16404197", "title": "Aam aadmi braces for cash squeeze", "text": "HYDERABAD: The aam aadmi's wallet seldom cares for decisions made citing sound economics. The Rs 5 per litre hike in the price of diesel may make economic sense for the government but, for the average householder in Hyderabad, like in any other city in the country, reining in the monthly budget is all set to become an even more difficult task.On Friday, a day after the hike was announced, some radio cabs in the city announced a Rs 2/km hike in fares even as supermarket managements commented that the rates of all staple food items would be impacted since most of the commodities are sourced from outside the state. Autorickshaw drivers, who do not really wait for a reason to demand a fare hike, had already started quoting higher fares on Friday itself. Rythu bazaar officials said that a hike in vegetable and fruit prices would depend on the fares of APSRTC buses.But it's the price of the humble dal-roti, literally, that is going to become the biggest concern in the days to come. \"Since staple items come from different states, there will be a bigger impact on their prices,\" said AR Rajan, head of purchase and merchandising with the More retail chain.Speaking of supermarkets in general, he said that 30% of their business comes from items like pulses, oils, rice, flour etc. which will suffer a direct increase in rates in the wake of the hike in the price of diesel.Since many manufacturing units are located in states like Himachal Pradesh and Assam which extend tax subsidies to units based there, the cost of transportation to Hyderabad will be that much more. While bulk buying happens from southern states as well as central Maharashtra, retailers say that there is no way of discounting the transportation cost which would eventually reflect on prices. \"It's not just Himachal, Assam or Gujarat, but products, like the fruit juice manufactured by a health food major, are sometimes even sourced from Nepal . Except for fruits and vegetables, 90%-95% of FMCG stocked in supermarkets are sourced from outside Hyderabad,\" said Sandeep Agarwal, co-promoter of the Ratnadeep supermarket chain.RN Sarma, a government employee, says that the hike in diesel price would not change his joint family's monthly consumption but would hugely impact his pocket.If he had been keeping aside Rs 25,000 for monthly groceries, of which 30% is spent on staples, he now believes that figure would go up by at least 15% if not more. How much families spend on food will also depend on decisions that the state transport authorities take. M Alexander, estate officer, Rythu Bazar, Erragadda, said: \"A lot will depend on the APSRTC fares because many farmers bring their goods by these state buses. If they increase their fares, the farmers are sure to increase their prices. Many farmers from villages on the outskirts of the city also use diesel-run trucks to transport vegetables; these farmers may now be forced to sell at higher prices. Some vegetables, like onions, which are bought in bulk from other states, may see up to a 10% increase in prices depending on the distance. But the exact situation would be clear in about 10 days.\"Cab operators in the city, too, said that they had no choice but to increase fares. Sunil Kumar, CEO, Orange cabs, said: \"We will increase the tariff by Rs 2/km. We have not hiked car rentals for the past two years; but since the diesel prices have increased, we are going to go for a fare hike now.\"Meter-less autos and mini taxis which run on diesel and ply on the outskirts of the city are already charging higher fares.B Venkatesham, general secretary of the autorickshaw drivers' union, said: \"Minimum meter charges were only recently increased; hence, the meter-less or share autos will increase their fares as most of them run on diesel. Their fares will see a hike of about 10%-20%\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16405249", "title": "Even in reform rush, Congress keeps allies\u2019 interest in mind", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was not a wild lunge at economic reforms on display even if the big bang decisions betrayed a certain recklessness from a desperate government.While the government allowed FDI in multi-brand retail and civil aviation and okayed disinvestment in PSUs \u2014 Hind Copper, Oil India, Nalco and MMTC \u2014 enough care was taken to withdraw proposals that could have inflicted more pain on allies like Trinamool and DMK.After the hike in diesel price on Thursday, the follow-up with FDI marked a test of the patience of regional parties crucial to survival of the UPA government. But after going where it had previously feared to tread, the government seems to have taken care to assuage the partners.It dropped the proposal to divest 5% stake in Neyveli Lignite Corporation, a direct provocation for DMK. Likewise, the Cabinet also accepted Trinamool's proposal to revoke the earlier decision to offload 10% shares in railways undertaking RITES, even when it went against the grain of the current reforms boldness.There are also indications that the bitter pill for Mamata Banerjee may be sugarcoated with a financial package for West Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16403235", "title": "TMC meet on Tuesday to decide strategy", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress appears to be firm on the decision to let in global retail giants, raising the prospect of tension with Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee just when she appeared to have mellowed. The TMC chief has called a meeting of her party leaders, including all her MPs, in Kolkata on Tuesday to take a call on whether to withdraw from the government.An infuriated TMC chief is of the opinion that \"this is not a majority government of the Congress that it can take unilateral decisions\".Railway minister Mukul Roy was absent from the meeting of the Union Cabinet on Friday. Although this was because he had to be in Kolkata for President Pranab Mukherjee's first visit to his home state after he moved to Rashtrapati Bhavan, the absence served the political purpose of distancing Trinamool from the FDI decision which goes against the party's stand and has since been seized upon by her arch rivals, the CPM, to launch a political campaign.Banerjee has been opposed to taking any anti-people move like raising train fares and had even sacked partyman Dinesh Trivedi for hiking fares in the last rail budget. She has also publicly opposed FDI in retail and civil aviation.Reacting angrily on Facebook, Banerjee said on Friday, \"In a federal structure, Centre is the supremo -- they make policies and impose taxes. At the same time, the Centre takes away about 70% of the tax proceeds collected from the states and leaves behind a meagre 30% for utilization by the states. As per the present formula, our state receives only 2.3% of the total taxes collected by the Centre.\"In her post, the CM said, \"My state is willing to provide full relief to the common people and farmers affected by the increase in prices of domestic LPG and diesel. But at the same time, Centre must allow state to collect all taxes, now taken away by the Centre. This will enable the state to provide full relief and subsidy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16404901", "title": "Notices to 23 absentee docs at Maharaja Yeshwant Hospital", "text": "INDORE: Twenty-three doctors of Maharaja Yeshwant Hospital (MYH) were served notices for being absent from the duty on Friday. Earlier in the day, SDM had conducted surprise inspection of the hospital wherein doctors were not found present on duty.Dr Sanjay Dixit of MYH said officials of the district administration paid a visit to hospital thrice at 8.30 am, 9.00 am and 9.30 am and on they found all doctors absent.Divisional commissioner had held a meeting of collector, dean and all HODs of hospital to review the working of hospital. After the meeting, the hospital staff was told to stick to self-discipline or else they should be ready to face the action. At the meeting, it was also decided that all wards of MYH from now onwards will have to display board with name and number of people right from doctors to health workers on duty so that patients can get in touch with the staff present on duty to get their grievances redressed.The meeting was held to address the problem related to loopholes in the functioning of the one of the biggest government hospital of the state.The commissioner has instructed the dean of MYH to put a display with name and contact number of all the person right from doctor to sweeper on duty in every ward so that patients can contact them in case of any problem. \"We have asked to maintain a roster of people and duty and display it in every ward,\" said Prashar adding that till now roster was kept in dean's office and patients use to have no clue, who is on duty leading to inconvenience and lack of accountability. The new system will bring accountability.It is to be noted a surprise visit was paid by the senior official of district administration on Friday morning and once again they found that large number of doctors were absent from their duty.After the meeting commissioner has instructed to adopt self discipline and take measure to improve the working of the hospital or else be ready to face the action. ADM Alok Singh said that hospital administration has been asked to develop self discipline and ensure that people are present on duty, or else they will have to face action.He further said that during their inspection it has come to fore that people face problem in getting medicine. Now it has been decided that every floor of the hospital will have medical distribution centre so that patients can get medicine on time. As of now there is only one medical store at ground floor and nurse use to distribute it.In addition to this commissioner also expressed his displeasure over lack of cleanliness in the hospital. Right now hospital has outsourced the cleanliness work and contractor has hired 60 people but instead of performing cleanliness thrice in a day they are doing only once. Beside this 130 staff of ward boys are also not taking care of cleanliness. \"Hospital has asked to ensure cleanliness thrice in a day,\" said Singh adding that hospital has also been asked to renew the maintenance contract.\"We found out the air-condition of the hospital is not working for last one and maintenance contract for it has lapsed several months back,\" said Singh adding that hospital has been asked to take care of maintenance work and ensure that all the machine and other facilities are working properly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16404747", "title": "15 names for judge posts withheld", "text": "CHENNAI: The names of 15 of the 185 candidates provisionally selected for appointment as judicial magistrate/district munsif have been withheld by the state government since criminal cases are pending against them.A September 10 government order contains 185 serial numbers but only 170 names. The numbers of the 15 candidates facing criminal cases have the 'X' mark printed by the side.The decision to leave out these candidates followed a consultation with the higher judiciary, officials said. \"Since they could not clear the mandatory police and intelligence verification, the GO contained the 'X' mark against their names,\" said an official.With 184 civil judge (junior division) posts, lowest rung in the judicial ladder, lying vacant, the high court in association with the TNPSC notified 185 vacancies for appointment through written examinations and viva voce. More than 8,000 law graduates and practising lawyers appeared on March 23 and 24.After the court authorities short-listed 560 successful candidates, they sent it to the government to finalise the selection list by applying the rule of reservation and other such criteria. The present list is the provisionally selected candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16404024", "title": "Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority to submit white paper on projects in a month", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has directed the MMRDA to bring out a white paper involving all infrastructure projects by it. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said on Friday that he had directed the agency to submit the report within a month.Observers say the move, which comes in the wake of September 4 mishap at a Metro I site, has a lot of political significance. They say Chavan, who heads the MMRDA, has turned the tables on the NCP by promptly ordering submission of the white paper.The NCP has been on the backfoot over allegations of scams involving departments controlled by it. For instance, the party-controlled irrigation department, which has come under the scanner over multiple scam allegations, is yet to bring out its white paper. Chavan had initiated the demand for a white paper.Later, NCP ministers targeted Chavan over the Metro mishap during a cabinet meeting. Questioning delays and cost escalation in MMRDA projects, home minister R R Patil raised the demand for a white paper.On Thursday, however, the NCP said the party had not asked for a white paper of any department. Party spokesperson Nawab Malik said whatever Patil said was his opinion. Meanwhile, Chavan said he was personally against private parties retaining majority stake in infrastructure projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16404269", "title": "Goa university's new VC to take charge on Monday", "text": "PANAJI: The new Goa university (GU) vice-chancellor Satish Shetye has been relieved of his duties as director of the National Institute of Oceanography (NIO) and is set to assume office at the varsity on Monday. The five-year term of former Goa university vice-chancellor Dileep Deobagkar ended in June this year and Shetye was named the new VC by the chancellor, B V Wanchoo, in the first week of August.Though Shetye was to join Goa university with immediate effect as per the appointment order, the scientist had unfinished business at NIO where he was the director serving an extended term.\"The new Goa university academic council has been formed and the first meeting of the council for the new academic year will be held on September 28. The new VC will be attending his first meeting of the academic council on that day,\" a source said.Professor A V Afonso of the department of social sciences is acting vice-chancellor of Goa university at the moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16404941", "title": "Ravindra Kotiyan impresses", "text": "MUMBAI: Top seed Ravindra Kotiyan of Mumbai Suburban District registered a convincing win to advance to the junior boys semi-finals , in the 3rd Bombay YMCA Maharashtra State Ranking Table Tennis Championship at the University Pavilion, Marine Lines on Friday.Jr. boys (Quarterfinals ):1-Ravindra Kotiyan (Mumbai Sub) bt Siddhesh Pande (Thane) 11-8 , 11-9 , 8-11 , 11-5 , 11-4 ; 4-Chinmay Datar (Pune) bt Shaun Rebello (Mumbai Sub) 11-7 , 11-6 , 11-1 , 11-6 ; Shubham Ambre (Mumbai City) bt Sharan Lekhi (Mumbai City) 10-12 , 11-5 , 11-7 , 9-11 , 9-11 , 11-6 , 11-7 ; 2-Nishaad Shah (Mumbai Sub) bt Arbaz Sheikh (Thane) 11-9 , 11-6 , 11-6 , 9-11 , 11-8 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16405338", "title": "Rs 152cr water plan for Kumbh", "text": "NASHIK: The water supply department of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has prepared a budget plan of Rs 152 crore to meet the city's water requirements during the next Kumbh Mela scheduled in 2015.The population of the city in 2015 is estimated to be 18 lakh while the number of visitors, including pilgrims and holy men, visiting the city during the Kumbh is expected to be 40 lakh.To support the estimated population increase, the water department has pegged water estimates at 410 million litres per day (MLD) and 160 MLD for 40 lakh vistors, taking the total demand for water to 570 MLD. The water purification capacity of the NMC's purification plant is 404.5 MLD. Considering this, the water supply department put forth suggestions for its action plan in preparation of the mega event.Suggestions have been made to increase the capacity of the water purification plant at Nashik Road by 18 MLD and to construct a water supply plant of 50 MLD capacity at Panchvati Nilgiri Baug. The additional 68 MLD capacity water purification plants are expected to increase water purifying capacity to 472.5 MLD per day.The water supply department said that from these filtration plants excess capacities of 20% can be generated. Considering this, the water department believes that the target of 570 lakh litres of water can be achieved.Proposals for constructing an additional 10 water tanks plus an independent 20MLD capacity tank at Lunge Mangal Karyalay in Sadhugram for 24-hour water supply to this area during the Kumbh, were also made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16403405", "title": "2nd hi-tech van put in service for power faults", "text": "NOIDA: To locate faults in underground electricity cables in Greater Noida during tripping of power supply, the distribution company has requisitioned for a second fault-finding mobile van. German-made equipment on the van would identify power cables from others laid down by telephone companies and pinpoint the exact location of the fault.The first fault-finding van was put into service by Noida Power Company Limited (NPCL) three months back. \"As all urban sectors are now being supplied power through underground cables, it has become necessary to avoid the conventional technique of digging up locations to detect faults,\" said an NPCL official.The discom claims that inconvenience caused to residents through digging and accidental damages caused to other cables have gone down considerably after the first mobile van was deployed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16402865", "title": "Aarushi case: Driver refuses to identify golf sticks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Central Bureau of Investigation faced embarrassment in the Aarushi-Hemraj murder case on Friday as its witness Umesh Sharma, who works as a driver with Dr Rajesh Talwar, changed his statement. Sharma also told court that he was \"slapped by the CBI investigating officer AGL Kaul in 2009, and had to be treated in hospital for a damaged ear\".Sharma is one of the 13 material witnesses and CBI was banking upon him to identify the golf club reportedly used to hit the victims. On Thursday, the agency had refused to examine the Talwars' former help Kalpana Mandal, saying she had been influenced. CBI has throughout held the Talwars may influence witnesses.On Friday, Sharma did not identify the two golf clubs that he is supposed to have kept in the servant room of the Talwars' house before the murders. The identification memo dated August 9, 2010 states Sharma transferred \"golf sticks numbered 4 and 5 from a Hyundai Santro car as it was to get serviced 10 to 15 days before the murder\". The memo also notes the statement was re-read to the witness in Hindi. It bears Sharma's signature.CBI claims: \"The contours of golf club no. 5 match the injuries to the heads of Aarushi and Hemraj\". When Rajesh Talwar's 12 golf clubs were exhibited before court, Sharma said he had kept the clubs in Hemraj's room but could not identify the \"numbers on the sticks\". He added: \"I transferred these from the car to the servant's room not 15 days but three months before the incident. I cannot tell if they were no . 4 and 5.\" CBI then requested the court to term Sharma hostile.During cross-examination, Sharma said: \"The identification memo was not re-read to me in Hindi. My ear was hurting and I could not hear. AGL Kaul had slapped me during investigations in 2009 and burst my ear drum. I had to go to LNJP for treatment. I signed the memo in 2010 at the CBI office as I was afraid of Kaul.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16404420", "title": "Man gets bail after agreeing to pay victim's family", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court granted bail to a bus driver, who had fatally knocked down a pedestrian, after he agreed to pay compensation to the deceased's wife.\"Considering the nature of offence and the intention of the applicant to resolve the issue by paying compensation to the wife of the deceased, I am of the view that the applicant is entitled to be released on bail, during pendency of the case,\" justice Madan Tahaliyani observed, while hearing a criminal revision appeal filed by Juberoddin Sagiroddin from Buldana.The court released him on bail amount of Rs 10,000 and two sureties of Rs 5,000 each. Rajendra Daga was counsel for the petitioner.According to Daga, Juberoddin, who was driving a luxury bus, lost control of his vehicle due to negligence and dashed into pedestrians along side the road. The mishap happened on January 1, 1999. One of the pedestrian Subhash Nagulkar, resident of Mehkar, got critically injured and died on the spot. Nagulkar was a construction worker.The petitioner was later chargesheeted by Buldhana police for culpable homicide and negligent driving.Mehkar judicial magistrate first class ( JMFC) held him guilty and awarded 18 months of rigorous imprisonment. He challenged it in Buldhana session court, but it also upheld JMFC's verdict. He finally filed a criminal revision application before the Nagpur bench.During the hearing Daga told the court that Juberoddin was trying to resolve the dispute through amicable settlement and was ready to pay compensation to the deceased's wife. He added that Nagulkar's wife had already received compensation from the accident tribunal and Juberoddin's amount would further help her in securing her future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16408149", "title": "No relief for Iranian couple from HC", "text": "MUMBAI: An Iranian couple, facing trial in a cheating case, got no relief from the Bombay high court on their petition challenging restriction of their movement as well as their children within Greater Mumbai limits.A division bench of Justice A M Khanwilkar and Justice A R Joshi heard a petition filed Reza Saboonchi (62) and his wife Simeen (54) challenging June 7, 2012 order passed by the Foreign Regional Registration Officer which also put restrictions on their employment saying they would lose their bread and butter.The couple contended that they were born, brought up, educated, married and well-settled alongwith their family members in Mumbai and also have several immovable properties, institutions and a private family trust. They admitted that when they were minor , their parents had obtained Iranian passports which have been renewed from time to time. They informed that they have applied for registration as Overseas Citizens of India.The judges said considering the admitted position that as the nationality of the petitioners is Iranian, they cannot claim rights guaranteed to a citizen of India and any relief contrary to their visa which bars employment. They noted that the Saboonchis chose to continue with the same dispensation and renewed their passports and visas from time to time. The judges said their present status is that of foreigners and the competent authority has absolute and unfettered power to pass movement restriction order. At best, they have taken their claim for registration of Overseas Citizens of India. Whether they succeed in that claim or not will be decided in the said proceedings,'' said the judges, dismissing their petition as devoid of mertis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16405708", "title": "Government, PSUs, Cial to hold 26% Air Kerala shares", "text": "KOCHI: The government, public sector institutions and the Cochin International Airport Ltd (Cial) together will hold 26% of shares of Air Kerala, the company that will execute the dream project of Kerala to launch an airline of its own.The remaining shares will be mobilized from the public, mainly from overseas Keralites, chief minister Oommen Chandy who is also the chairman of Air Kerala, told reporters here after the maiden director board meeting of the company on Friday.The company would require Rs 200 crore initially and each shareholder is expected to chip in a minimum of Rs 10,000. The face value of the shares will however remain Rs 10, but each investor is expected to purchase at least 1,000 shares.The director board decided to request the Centre for an early waiver for Air Kerala from the conditions that only the airlines with five years of domestic flying experience and owning a fleet of 20 aircraft would be permitted to launch international flight operations.But sources in the company said Air Kerala might soon start domestic flights without waiting for the waiver from the Centre to operate international services. The consultant, Ernst and Young, has been asked to prepare a feasibility report within three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407479", "title": "Add-on advantage", "text": "Kamla Nehru College has introduced a series of add-on courses. Vatsala Shrangi reportsDelhi University's Kamla Nehru College (KNC) has introduced a series of add-on courses in the middle of its ongoing session, to give an added advantage to students apart from classroom learning.The new courses introduced in the college include art appreciation, environment and adolescent mental health. A number of students with varied interests in subjects like environment, art, etc, have enrolled for these courses. The sessions schedule has been planned in such a way that students do not have to miss their regular classes.According to Geetesh Nirban, assistant professor, department of philosophy, and spokesperson of the college, response to the courses has been good.\"These courses are interdisciplinary and can be opted by students from various streams and by students of few other colleges too. Since these are certificate courses, students have a great chance to update and enhance their skills and employability quotient,\" says Nirban.The course in art appreciation is an introductory certificate course, which engages in the exploration of the visual arts through art theory, media, art history and cultural contexts over approximately 20 lectures. The course explores the meaning, understanding and development of art primarily in the West, and engages with aspects of modern Indian art.Explaining the module of the course, she says, \"For the English literature student, who is the primary target audience of this course, it attempts to broaden the cultural ambit of their curricular texts dealing with the Egyptian, Hellenic, renaissance, romantic, modernist, and Bengal Renaissance period. The course aims to facilitate an understanding of art and how artists develop artwork within cultural and personal contexts. It encompasses examination of the concept of art \u2014 Egyptian, Greco-Roman art, European movements, etc.\"Meanwhile, the course in adolescent mental health, organised by the psychology department of the college aims at introducing the knowledge-base, skills and attitude that are necessary for enhancing mental health and emotional well-being in children and adolescents.According to Nirban, the course introduces students to understand the roles and responsibilities of various professionals in a comprehensive child and adolescent mental health (CAMH) services. \"The course is hands-on and the main tools of learning include presentations, case studies, role-plays, movie clips and interactions,\" she says.Spread over 10 weeks, the course on environment is being conducted by the eco-club \u2014 'Green Beans Society' of the college under the aegis of department of environment, government of Delhi. It covers themes like ecosystem, wildlife, environment policies, standards, laws and technologies.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16402840", "title": "2 raped by acquaintances in separate incidents", "text": "JAIPUR: A spurt in the number of sexual crimes is being witnessed in the city. Two such cases were reported in the Brahmpuri and Lalkothi police station areas on Friday.In one case, a woman was drugged and then raped by a distant relative who blackmailed her with her obscene photos. In the second case, a college girl alleged rape by two youths. In both the cases, the accused were known to the victims.According to the police, a 30-year-old married woman lodged an FIR with the Brahmpuri police station saying that she was drugged and raped by her brother's brother-in-law, Tejram.\"The victim said she had gone to Dausa to purchase a property. There she and her husband stayed at Tejram's house. She said Tejram drugged her and then raped her. He also clicked some photographs showing her in a compromising position,\" said a police officer.The officer said that Tejram threatened to make the photos public if she told anybody about the rape. \"When she returned to her home at Jaipur, Tejram visited her house several times and blackmailed her,\" said the officer.The woman finally told her husband following which an FIR was registered. \"We have arrested Tejram from Dausa. We are now trying to seize the photographs which he used to blackmail the woman,\" said the officer.In another case, a college girl, a resident of Shanti Nagar in Lalkothi police station area, alleged one Vinod, whom she knew, took her to Alwar and Sikar against her wish and raped her.\"The girl says that Vinod and his brother Manoj repeatedly raped her. They were taking her to Mumbai when she escaped from the Jaipur railway station on the pretext of going to toilet,\" said the officer. He added that further investigation was on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "16405175", "title": "Bank shut down after TMC men assault staff", "text": "MALDA: The manager of the State Bank of India Sujapur branch was allegedly beaten up and threatened at gunpoint by the aides of a senior Trinamool Congress leader on Thursday evening after his loan application was denied. Panic-stricken officials of the bank closed down the branch on Friday. The SBI Officers' Association has decided that the employees of the Sujapur branch will not work till the culprits are arrested.Bank officials say the Kaliachak police seemed reluctant to accept their complaint against Billa Sk, the brother-in-law of Trinamool zonal president Sohrul Biswas. Biswas has denied the charges, accusing the bank officials instead of not doing their job.Sources say that Billa and an armed goon stormed into the bank around 4.30pm and started beating up an employee, taking him for manager Dibakar Sinha. When they realized their mistake, they sought out Sinha and dragged him out at gunpoint, says the complaint. The duo allegedly thrashed Sinha and threatened him for \"ignoring their leader Sohrul Biswas\". The assault lasted a half-hour.Sinha's colleagues were shocked and angered by the attack and filed an FIR at Kaliachak police station, naming Billa. Officials say that it took a lot of coaxing for police to accept the complaint and that police turned down their request for security. Bank employees allege that a month back Biswas himself came to bank and threatened officers after his loan application was denied. \"Biswas had approached the bank for a loan. We asked for the requisite papers but he refused to give any,\" said an SBI official.SBI regional manager Jayprakash Mishra said, \"Our workers are scared after they were assaulted in the branch. I have appealed to them to resume work and we seek police protection.\" Malda SP Jayanta Pal said they are looking for the accused. \"We have decided to post a police picket at the branch,\" he said.Biswas has denied all the allegations against him and Billa. \"The bank employees were not attacked or threatened. No such thing happened. It's a fabrication to tarnish the image of our party. In fact, bank employees are trying to cover up their failure to serve the people,\" he said.However, Biswas' party colleague, district leader Chaitali Sarkar, condemned the attack on bank employees. \"The offenders should be punished,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16403259", "title": "Illegal mall body faces fraud charge", "text": "GURGAON: The office-bearers of the Central Plaza Mall Owners' Welfare Association have been booked on charges of cheating and fraud. The rival association, Central Plaza Mall Occupants' Welfare Association (CPMOWA), has accused it of embezzlement to the tune of Rs 9 lakh in an FIR registered by the Sushant Lok police. The mall is located off the Golf Course Road in Sector 53.According to police, in the first week of March a three-year legal battle between two shopowners' associations of the Central Plaza Mall in Gurgaon finally came to an end, with a city court order in favour of the registered body. The unregistered association, allegedly supported by the mall developer, has been maintaining the facilities and charging fees from occupants despite protests by the registered body, CPMOWA. The Central Plaza Mall Owners' Welfare Association is unregistered.According to police, the registered body's president, Ambeek Khemka, and member Chandroop Singh have lodged a complaint with the Gurgaon police commissioner. They alleged that after the court verdict, the district registrar (societies) had informed HDFC Bank and another bank that the account has been frozen. It was alleged that Rs 9 lakh of the registered body had been embezzled by the unregistered body.\"On the basis of the complaint, we have lodged an FIR against Varun Thaman and Manish Raheja of Central Plaza Mall Owners' Welfare Association,\" said Gaurav Phogat, SHO, Sushant lok police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16405130", "title": "'Discharge of effluents polluting Meghalaya'", "text": "SHILLONG: The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board has revealed that about 80 per cent of the pollution in Meghalaya is caused by \"indiscriminate discharge\" or disposal of domestic sewage, trade effluents, urban solid wastes, bio-medical wastes and burning of domestic fuel and vehicular exhaust emissions.Since industrial development in the state has been slow, pollution from industrial sources has not been \"that significant\", the latest report of the board said, adding in recent years, the growth of industries has increased to a certain extent from small-scale stone crushing units to large-scale cement plants, leading to ecological imbalance.The report cited rapid population growth and fast urbanization as other reasons for increase in pollution. \"Exhaust emissions from vehicles are the major contributors to air pollution since road transport is the only mode of transport in the state,\" the report tabled in the state assembly read.\"Mining activities are mostly in private hands and as such coal and limestone are being exploited in an unscientific and unplanned manner without any measures for reclamation of mined areas,\" the report noted. \"Such mining activities have been causing severe water pollution and environmental degradation in the mining areas,\" it pointed out.The board has identified 1,181 polluting industrial units and establishments in the state, most of which are small units. However, the report said 11 of these are cement plants under large-scale industrial sector, which also fall under the 17 categories of \"highly polluting\" industries.The report brought to light that most of the lime calcinations units in the state are coal-fired and kilns are of \"traditional type\", which do not have hoods and chimneys venting out smoke. \"So far, no cost effective pollution control system could be suggested for such units due to the peculiar nature of the kiln structures, type of coal used and climatic condition at places where these are located,\" it said. The report said the board was regulating discharge of effluents and air emissions from industries through issuance of 'consents to establish/operate' under Water and Air Acts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16405339", "title": "Gutka worth Rs 6.4L seized", "text": "NASHIK: Food and Drug Administration (FDA) confiscated gutka worth Rs 6.48 lakh in Kalwan tehsil in the districtTimes News NetworkNashikThe Food and Drug Administration (FDA) confiscated gutka worth Rs 6.4 lakh from a godown in Nivane, Kalwan tehsil. Acting on a tip-aoff, a team of FDA officials laid a trap on Thursday and raided the godown which belonged to Girish Somnath Malusare. 3.24 lakh sachets of gutka were seized in the operation. confiscating 3.24 lakh sachets of gutka worth Rs. 6.48 lakh. A team of FDA officials including Food Safety Officers M M Sanap and S S Deore participated in a raid.The state has imposed a one-year ban on the sale and consumption of gutka since July 20, 2012. Accordingly, Nashik divisional office of FDA has started a drive against gutka since then in Nashik division, which includes five districts- Nashik, Ahmednagar, Dhule, Jalgaon and Nadurbar. So far, FDA has confiscated 36.71 lakh sactets of gutka worth Rs. 63 lakh from 261 locations across Nashik division", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16405079", "title": "Assam disaster management body opens office at secretariat complex", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam State Disaster Management Authority has set up its office at the secretariat complex here on Monday. The office, inaugurated by chief minister Tarun Gogoi, will have GIS facility and video conferencing arrangement as a part of an exercise to strengthen infrastructure capacity for disaster management in the state. Revenue and disaster management minister Prithvi Majhi, chief secretary N K Das and other officials of ASDMA were also present.ASDMA had earlier organised a slogan writing competition on flood and earthquake preparedness where a total of 201 entries were received.Manoj Saha of Ulubari won the best entry in the slogan writing competition on 'earthquake' (English), while Pallavi Gogoi of Krishna Kanta Handiqui State Open University won the best entry in the slogan writing competition on 'urban flood preparedness' (English). Mehgna Choudhury of Mathura Nagar, l, Dispur, won the best entry in the slogan writing competition on 'urban flood preparedness' (Assamese).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bhubanewar", "code": "16404720", "title": "Diesel price hike fuels protests", "text": "BHUBANEWAR: The Odisha government on Friday strongly opposed the Centre's decision to hike diesel price and restrict annual allotment of subsidized LPG cylinders to six per household, with chief minister Naveen Patnaik demanding immediate rollback of the decision.\"Price hike will affect everyone, the poor people in particular,\" Naveen told mediapersons. \"This shows the breakdown, failure of the economic policies of the government of India.\" Describing the price increase as \"steep\", Naveen noted that the price rise will hit essential commodities like food and transport costs would also go up. In Bhubaneswar, the cost of a litre of diesel has jumped from Rs 43.77 to Rs 49.73, industry sources said.\"The steep price hike should be rolled back immediately,\" he pressed, even as activists of the ruling BJD took a rally from Sishu Bhavan Square to Raj Mahal Square in the city and burnt effigies of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi protesting the Centre's decision to raise the diesel price by Rs five per litre exclusive of taxes. BJD supporters also held rallies at other places like Berhampur in the state.The state units of BJP, CPI, CPM, SP and SUCI (communist), among others, also resisted the price hike. BJP workers, including women carrying LPG cylinders on their heads, held a demonstration near Ram Mandir here, while CPI activists took out a protest procession from their party office in Ashok Nagar to Raj Mahal Square.Condemning the price hike, BJP traders' cell chief Umesh Khandelwal said it would hurt millions of Indians. \"This has been done to divert the attention from the coal scandal. The Centre is acting in the interests of the corporate and foreign investors. This move will prove fatal for small and marginal traders and farmers,\" he added.CPI state secretary Dibakar Nayak said the UPA government has no mercy for the poor people and demanded a rollback. CPM state secretary Janardhan Pati and state Samajwadi party president Rabi Behera also sought withdrawal of the hike.State Congress president Niranjan Patnaik admitted the diesel price rise will hit the common man, but said the Centre had no option but to go for an increase. \"To offset the effects of the price jump, the state government should reduce the rate of sales tax on diesel,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16406626", "title": "Bollywood goes gaga over Priyanka Chopra's singing", "text": "Barely 24 hours have passed since the launch of Priyanka's much-awaited music single and it has already become the talk of B-town. Many A-list stars like Shah Rukh Khan, Salman Khan and Ranbir Kapoor amongst many others from the industry are stunned to hear her voice which sounds nothing less than an international pop artist.Her song started trending instantly on twitter as people were hearing it live from the event. According to industry sources and music buffs, the song is so powerful that people all across the globe instantly liked it and were tweeting about it making Priyanka's song among the top three trending topics in India.Salman Khan said on twitter - Omg! Just heard Priyanka Chopra's English track 3 times bak to bak, called in my city. Its fab, outstanding! SALAAM miss chopraRanbir Kapoor, her co-star in Barfi! who was among the first ones to hear the song has been heard saying in all press meets that Priyanka Chopra is better than most international artistes he has heard. \"Priyanka is going to make India very very proud. I have heard the song and absolutely love it,\" said Ranbir. In fact he knows and remembers the lyrics too.To top this star studded list of appraisals, Shah Rukh Khan himself wished PC luck for her music launch and said that she would make India proud on an international front. During his interviews Shah Rukh was heard saying, \"Priyanka has the capacity and talent to become the first crossover star from India, our first creative export. She has a super team backing her and she is truly an international brand and will make India very proud.\"Listen to Priyanka's song 'In My City' on gaana.comPriyanka launched her maiden song on Thursday, but she was \"feeling the jitters\". She said that her voice is \"completely lost\" due to back-to-back interviews for her forthcoming film Barfi. \"But all said and done, I feel like my first film has just released,\" she said. \"Forget singing professionally, I never felt that I could even sing well,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16404485", "title": "A priest who meant business", "text": "KOCHI: A man in cassock stands out among men in business suits. But Fr Abraham Mulamoottil, chairman and chief executive of Pushpagiri Group of Institutions, knows how to talk business. He moved around at the B2B venue, interacting with investors from India and abroad, drawing curious glances from other delegates.At the meetings with the UK embassy team, he presented proposals for tie-ups with agencies in Britain in the field of education and research. Since the group has 12 institutions including a medical college hospital and a research centre, he evinced interest in projects that brought international standards \"We are holding talks with the US team. There is no point in following a conventional system of teaching and working. We have associations with overseas agencies in certain sectors. We would like to improve our facilities and widen the scope of medical education,\" said Fr Mulamoottil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "16405103", "title": "Barak Valley tea garden workers seek 20% Puja bonus", "text": "SILCHAR: With Durga Puja around the corner, workers of 104 gardens across the Barak Valley are excited about the quantum of bonus they will be give by the planters this year. Barak Cha Shramik Union (BCSU) has made it clear it is not ready to accept anything less than 20 per cent this year.The Intuc-affiliated tea workers' union said the health of tea industry in the three districts of Barak Valley is at an all-time best for the last two years. \"There were no floods, production was excellent due to favourable weather and the companies received good price. It's a golden period for the tea industry in this valley,\" assistant general secretary of BCSU Dinanath Baroi said on Friday.Last year, some tea estates gave up to 20 per cent bonus which was the maximum. \"As all is well with the planters, this year we seek a minimum of 20 per cent bonus based on earnings and not attendance,\" added Baroi. He said bonus should be distributed three weeks before Puja. The BCSU leader said the owners of the tea gardens should abide by the provisions of the Bonus Act, 1965.Recently, Putni Tea Estate authorities reopened their factory after a long gap. Ghambhira TE also started its new factory. These are good signs for the tea industry. Workers are also feeling encouraged. Therefore, given the circumstances, workers deserve a good bonus. \"This year, owners have no plea for flood and other calamities, a habit they made over the years during the course of disbursement of bonus,\" said the BCSU leader.Sources said in comparison to their counterparts in the Brahmaputra Valley, tea workers in the Barak Valley are an exploited lot. Here, permanent workers get Rs 55.20 a day and casual labourers get only Rs 41, whereas the minimum wage specified for the state is Rs 100 for unskilled workers and Rs 120 for the skilled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16408692", "title": "Standing ovation for 'English Vinglish' at Toronto Film Festival", "text": "English Vinglish which premiered at a completely housefull and sold out crowd at Roy Thompson Hall at Toronto on September 14th 2012 has got a massive response from people world over.The global audience sitting for the premiere loved it so much that the film got a standing ovation at the premiere where people were applauding for at least 10 minutes. They loved the film so much that just applauding the film wasn't enough.The global press has given amazing reviews to the film and everyone there is of the opinion that English Vinglish will stand as a pillar in the changing face of Indian cinema. Many believed that English Vinglish breaks away from the studio structure and sing-dance format of Bollywood that India is known for.They loved the film so much so as to give it a long standing ovation because they loved the film for being authentic and having such a universal subject at the core which everyone can connect to.Sridevi who has made her comeback to films after 15years has sent shivers and ripples already in the world. Not just India but the global audience is in awe of Sridevi. Sridevi who completely relates to the character of the film English Vinglish as the character's struggle with the language resonates with her personal struggle with the language says, 'As a mother and as a human being, I could really relate to the character. I've done several languages [in film] without knowing the language: Malayalam, Kannada and Hindi.'After the brilliant buzz English Vinglish has created on foreign ground, the countdown for the release of the film in India has just got more exciting!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16404597", "title": "Deep sea currents hit fish catch", "text": "MANGALORE: Strong currents in the deep sea has resulted in lower catch of fish keeping the market rates almost at the same level when fishing ban was in force in the July and August.From the past three days, about 10% of the 69 purse-sieners fishing in deep sea about 15-20 nautical miles off the Mangalore coast have been getting a bumper catch of mackerel and carangid, but rest of the boats have been either returning empty or catch just enough to recover fuel cost.Fisheries deputy director Suresh Kumar Ullal told TOI that strong currents are prevailing at deep sea as the monsoon has just ended and only experienced fishermen get a good catch. \"The currents will slow down within a fortnight and there should be good catch to bring down fish prices in the retail market,'' he added.Three days ago, a purse-siener had a mackerel catch worth Rs 5 lakh and topped it with a Rs 10 lakh catch the next day. \"On an average about five to six boats have been getting a catch valued at Rs 2 to Rs 3 lakh per day. Rest get less than Rs 1 lakh and many have even returned empty,'' said Suresh Kumar.Apart from mackerel, the boats have been getting a good catch of carangid, a fish of the family Carangidae which has more than 200 species of marine fishes. These are mainly consumed in Kerala and the landing price per kilogram is Rs 40.Fisherman Harish Karkera whose boat got a good catch on Thursday said the landing price of mackerel was steep at Rs 125 per kilogram (big size) indicating that the fish landings were less. \"It should improve in another fortnight bringing the price of mackerel to a realistic Rs 65 to Rs 100 (depending on size),'' he said. Harish said high-value fish like seer and pomfet will arrive only after strong currents subside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16402856", "title": "State admin, police should expedite matters related to SCs: NHRC", "text": "JAIPUR: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has directed the administration and the police to expedite cases related to atrocities on Scheduled Castes.After two days of open hearing on atrocities on Scheduled Castes, the NHRC on Friday said that in most cases of land grabbing, the administration does not act with alacrity which is expected of it. The commission also observed that the police also does not act with the care and sensitivity that should characterize investigations.The NHRC officials met state government officials including chief secretary CK Mathew and DGP police Harish Meena. The NHRC also held a meeting with various NGOs and they raised several issues. The commission took up the issues raised by NGOs in the meeting with the government officials.\"All these issues were taken up with officers of the state government. The state government was apprised of the problems which came to the commission's notice and we have been assured by the state government that all these issues shall be taken care of,\" the NHRC said.On Rajasthan reporting highest rate of crime against Scheduled Castes at 7.6% in India in 2011, NHRC chairperson justice KG Balakrishnan said, \"The explanation the state government officials are giving is that they register all the cases of SC atrocities coming to them, while in the other states it is not so.\"In the two days of open hearing, the commission heard 114 complaints from the state and 89 cases were closed after hearing. The complaints raised various issues like land grabbing by upper castes, partisan and indifferent attitude of police, discrimination against SC children in schools, non-involvement of NGOs in the implementation of various socio-economic programmes of the state government and untouchability in different forms, Balakrishnan said.The NRHC praised the state government for submitting reports in all the 114 complaints from Rajasthan. \"In almost all the cases, the state government submitted reports. For its quick response the state government deserves appreciation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16404293", "title": "Pugalia says Ahir involved with coal mafia, wants CBI probe", "text": "NAGPUR: Former MP and Congress leader Naresh Pugalia from Chandrapur, who was defeated in last Lok Sabha election by Hansraj Ahir of BJP, has accused the latter of being involved in illegal coal business for decades and has demanded a CBI probe into it. The Congress leader's allegation come just as Ahir is being hailed as a hero for having exposed the massive scam of private coal mines allocation that CAG and CVC have also taken note of and the CBI has started investigations.\"In my letter to prime minister Manmohan Singh on Thursday, I have given details of how Ahir was part of the conspiracy hatched by Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh and the BJP to target three top Congress leaders - Singh, party President Sonia Gandhi and P Chidambaram - by cooking up false and baseless allegations of corruption,\" Pugalia told a news conference here on Friday.Pugalia said RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat hailed from Chandrapur and the RSS, on July 23, 2011, held a secret conclave of its top leaders and functionaries from all over the country where No 2 in RSS hierarchy Bhaiyyaji Joshi told those present to work meticulously for maligning the image of top Congress leaders so that the BJP could hope to win power at the Centre. The day-long meeting was held at Mahesh Bhavan in Chandrapur and no outsiders were allowed, neither was the media given any information about it. Pugalia said he came to know of the secret meeting from a source involved in making arrangements.He brought this to the notice of Sonia Gandhi by e-mail on July 28 and later briefed her personally when she invited him to Delhi, he said. Pugalia also claimed that immediately after the secret meeting, a defamation campaign of Congress leaders and Manmohan Singh government began. \"Ahir being from Chandrapur, was used by the BJP in this hate campaign. A person who was vending tea some years ago and is known in this city for his involvement with coal mafia should have desisted from making false allegations against the high office of the prime minister,\" said Pugalia.The Congress leader said the coal mines allocation to private parties was initiated in 1993 and several governments, including A B Vajpayee-led NDA, were part of the process. \"There is per se nothing wrong in the policy. It was thought giving access to coal to core sectors of power, cement and steel would boost the economy. Some unscrupulous people took advantage and are being punished for the wrongdoings,\" said Pugalia.Asked for reaction on the serious allegations leveled against him, Ahir said he would consult party president Nitin Gadkari before replying. \"I am ready to face CBI or any probe as I have nothing to hide,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16405442", "title": "Cheats deal man bricks for laptop", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The lure of buying an imported laptop for a down payment of Rs 5,000 made a 70-year-old get a bag full of bricks. The accused even snatched Rs 53,000 from him before fleeing.The incident took place near Manimajra on Friday when Subhash Khurana, a retired government official, of Mansa Devi Complex (MDC), Panchkula, was going to meet one of his relative in his car around 10.45am.Two unidentified youths, one in mid 30s and another a teenager, came on a grey scooter and touched Khurana's feet. They started talking to him as if they had met him a long time back.Police said one of the youths told Khurana that he has started a business and deals in cellphones, laptops and showed him an imported laptop. Meanwhile, the youth lured the gullible elderly man to give him in Rs 5,000 saying that he will collect rest of the amount from his house in the evening.In his statement to police, Khurana said when he handed over Rs 5,000 to one of the youths, he snatched Rs 53,000 from him before fleeing. Later, when he opened the laptop bag, he found bricks and soaps in it.Police station, Manimajra, SHO Yashpal Vinayak, said the sketch of one of the suspects has been prepared. The nearby district police, Panchkula, has also been alerted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16405150", "title": "Send us your words, build a bridge to peace", "text": "Words can work miracles. They can heal broken hearts. They can give wings to a million dreams. And they can nourish ravaged souls. Now under the Aman ki Aasha umbrella, millions of television viewers will also have the opportunity to use words as bridges to build peace and friendship between India and Pakistan.An Aman Ki Asha Sur-Kshetra contest will be held on Colors television channel in the ongoing popular musical show Sur Kshetra. Anchor Ayesha Takia will ask for shers/couplets/slogans woven around the idea of how to bring the two countries closer. Participants will be asked to come up with a word, an expression, or even a couplet that travels beyond borders and builds bonds. Kya aapke paas hai woh shabd, jo mitaa sakey dilon ke beech khinchi sarhadon ki lakeerein?The best slogan/shers/couplets will fetch the winner a grand opportunity to fly to Dubai to watch the Sur-Kshetra Grand Finale. So just gather your thoughts and let the words flow.Sur Kshetra is being telecast on Saturday and Sunday at 7:30 pm on Colors and Sahara One since Sept 8. The programme has some of the biggest names from Indian and Pakistani music industry judging and mentoring 20 contestants from the two countries. The 10 singing stars from India are captained by Himesh Reshammiya whereas Atif Aslam is the captain of the Pakistan team. These 20 contestants are being judged by icons from India(Asha Bhosle), Pakistan (Abida Parveen) and Runa Laila (Bangladesh). Apart from these judges, guest judges like Suresh Wadkar, Ismail Darbar, Alka Yagnik, Ghulam Ali, Sajjad Ali, Hadiqa Kiani will also make their presence felt on the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407901", "title": "A do for a cause", "text": "This was a fresher's bash with a difference. Senior students of National Law University utilized the occasion to spread the message of environmental conservation among their peers. Girls walked down the ramp draped in saris which made the people aware of factors affecting the environment adversely. However, this was not all. The do also had its share of fun as students presented some dance performances. Apoorva and Saumya's retro act on the track Aaj kal tere mere pyar ke charche made the crowd erupt in applause. The taalis, ceetees and cheers visibly increased the morale and tempo of the dancing duo. When we asked why juniors are only asked to wear saris in fresher dos, Saurabh floored Rupsha when he said with a wink, \"I think girls look elegant in them.\" There was no stopping the students once they hit the dance floor and let their hair down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16405540", "title": "Protesting weavers held in Hubli, freed", "text": "HUBLI: Several members of Akhila Karnataka Kaimagga Nekar Sangha of Hubli were arrested by police on Friday when they tried to stage a dharna in front of the chief minister's residence in Madhura Estate here on Friday.Hundreds of handloom weavers gathered at the CM's residence to stage a dharna demanding the fulfillment of their long pending demands under the leadership of N G Malavade.Police took the protesters into preventive custody.There are 40,000 weaving families in the state, and the government has not bothered to provide jobs for een 10,000 families, they claimed. A R Badiger, ACP, Hubli North, said that around 80 protesters were taken into custody and later released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16403106", "title": "Cluster 2 buses hit road, all to ply by December", "text": "NEW DELHI: The chief minister on Friday launched the services of cluster 2 of the bus cluster scheme on routes 405 and 405A. However, with only eight buses becoming operational on the two new routes, the launch will not bring immediate relief to Delhiites. The good news is that DIMTS has announced that all 232 buses under this cluster will start plying by December. The announcement comes as a much awaited boost to cluster services, which has only 300 buses at present.The DIMTS spokesperson said, \"Operation on these two routes will be followed by the rollout of route number 460 (Badarpur Border to Minto Road terminal adjacent to New Delhi railway station Gate II) with 20 buses next month.\"There are 37 routes under this cluster, one of the widest networks in the 17 clusters under the bus cluster system of Delhi government. Till now, only clusters 1, 3, 4 and 5 were operational. Clusters 6 to 9 are in pipeline. The Delhi government proposes to launch 1,000 buses by December-end.Route 405 covers Badarpur Border to Mori Gate via Ashram, Hazrat Nizamuddin, Delhi Zoo, Pragati Maidan Metro station, ITO, Delhi Gate, Jama Masjid and Red Fort. Route 405A covers Badarpur Border to Old Delhi railway station via Ashram, Hazrat Nizamuddin, Delhi Zoo, Pragati Maidan Metro station, ITO, Delhi Gate, Jama Masjid and Red Fort.\"Buses on these routes will also provide connectivity with the Metro stations at Badarpur, Tughlaqabad, Mohan Estate, Sarita Vihar, Jasola-Apollo, Pragati Maidan, Chandini Chowk and Kashmere Gate, \" the DIMTS spokesperson added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403765", "title": "Gunmen of ATM-filling firm vanish", "text": "MUMBAI: The Government Railway Police (GRP), probing an arms haul case, were startled to discover on Thursday that over two dozen gunmen working with an ATM replenishment firm at Vikhroli had vanished. On Wednesday, seven men had been arrested by the GRP from Kurla for selling fake arms licences and rifles to aspiring security guards to enable them to get a better pay package. Some of the gunmen employed at the Vikhroli firm had procured arms licences from the accused, police said.\"We have posted our personnel at Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (LTT) to look out for the missing gunmen,\" a senior official said.One of the seven accused, Umashankar Singh, was found to have a criminal record. Singh had been arrested on charges of 'attempt to commit murder' at Narpoli in Thane district. Before his arrest, he was employed as a gunman with a security agency. \"We found that Singh and his aides had provided arms licences to gunmen working with security agencies in Ghatkopar, Vikhroli and Kandivli. When we visited the Ghatkopar and Vikhroli agencies for making inquiries, they were shut,\" an official said. The GRP team also visited a shop at Thane from where the accused had purchased rifles. \"We will be questioning the shopowner as to how he provided weapons to the accused without any verification of documents, \" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16404856", "title": "Dasara song promises to get youth rapping", "text": "MYSORE: A song on the city's connection with Dasara festival 'Namma Dasara Nammoora Dasara' will soon be the new youth anthem on the Nada Habba.Four students from different colleges in the city have come together to record a song on Dasara. The music has been composed by Phalgunn Maharishi and sung by Sheetal KP, Arpita MS and Apoorva Somaiah.Two years ago, on the 400th year celebration of Dasara in the city, Phalgunn's granny, novelist Mangala Satyam had written a poem about Dasara, its grandeur and the city. Said Mangala: \"After reading my poem, he said he would compose music for it. I feel proud and happy that my grandson has given life to my poem.\"Born and brought up in Mysore, Phalgunn knew everything about the festival and its significance for the city. He felt it deserved a song, as did Mysore, and went about putting tune to lyric. In his childhood, Phalgunn had learnt Carnatic classical music from his mother Mandara Maharishi.Music of instruments like the drums, tabala and sitar has been synthesized on the keyboard, while Phalgunn will strum the guitar. \"The music is of pop rock genre with a blend of Indian classical music. It has all the elements to attract youth,\" he said.Phalgunn has sung the lyrics, and the song has alapas of Indian classical music. The recording was held at Phalgunn's mini workstation at his home in Vivekanandanagar.The song will be released in the last week of September. \"We will release it on YouTube and other networking sites. The MP3 version will be mailed to anyone who asks for it,\" said Phalgunn. A year ago, he and his cousin had composed a song 'Alaram' about the anti-corruption movement, in support of Anna Hazare .UoM first-year MA student Apoorva Somaiah, who has sung four lines of the song, said: \"This is a proud moment that my debut recording is about our heritage city and its association with the world-famous Dasara. It will be liked by both young and old.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16404307", "title": "Telecom shoots past other engineering streams for students", "text": "PANAJI: The process of admissions to professional degree courses in Goa for the academic year 20012-13 came to an end on Friday.The directorate of technical education, which conducts the Goa Common Entrance Test (GCET) and the admission process, saw students thronging to join the electronics and telecommunications stream of engineering, as has been the trend over the last couple of years.The stream is offered at all the five engineering colleges in Goa-Goa Engineering College (GEC) at Farmagudi, Padre Conceicao College of Engineering (PCCE) at Verna, Shree Rayeshwar Institute of Engineering and Information Technology (RIEIT) at Shiroda, Don Bosco College of Engineering (DBCE) at Fatorda and Fr Agnel College at Assagao.There are 60 seats available at each of the colleges, yet the list of aspiring students spilled over.The second most popular stream turned out to be mechanical engineering, for which, too, there are 60 seats each at GEC, PCCE, Don Bosco and Fr Agnel institutes. Computer engineering emerged as the third favourite.\"At the end of the third round of admissions, seats at all the professional colleges are full. Only a few seats in information technology at RIEIT are vacant,\" said Pradeep Kusnur, deputy director, technical education.He said the interest in the IT stream appears to have gone down as students prefer electronics and telecommunications, where IT is part of the curriculum. \"This widens the job market potential for students,\" said Kusnur.He said the demand for civil engineering seats was up this year, again, after the stream witnessed a slack over the last few years.\"With a lot of construction activity, there is a renewed interest in civil engineering,\" said the deputy director.He said a few students have received placements even though they are yet to clear their final-year papers.\"The 60 seats each at GEC and Don Bosco have been taken and for most of the students the stream is a first preference,\" Kusnur said.About the medicine and dentistry seats, he said, \"All seats are taken for now. But as there was an increase in medical seats in Goa this year to 150, the all-India quota has also gone up to 23.\"He said there are another six all-India seats available in dentistry. \"By September 30, we will be notified of the vacant seats from this all-India quota, and some more seats could be available to Goan students in medicine and dentistry,\" said Kusnur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16414544", "title": "Yami Gautham injured", "text": "Actress Yami Gautham, who is playing female lead with debutante actor Allu Sirish in a Tamil/Telugu bilingual movie titled Gouravam, is injured while shooting a song sequence for the movie.While the entire Gouravam team is involved with their assisted works and the shot was ready, Yami happened to slip from the bicycle, while performing for a cycling ride scene that resulted in the leg injury. Source reports, \"While everyone in the set are panic about this serious injury, Yami Gautham has taken necessary medication and painkillers and resumed shooting with in two hours, as she doesn't want to skip the shoots for the day.\"Radha Mohan is wielding the megaphone for Gouravam under the production of Prakash Raj's Duet Movies banner. Gouravam shooting is taking place in full swing from past few months and the unit has completed a couple of schedules for the film and recently headed to Rajahmundry to shoot some of the important scenes along with some song sequences.Source:way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "16403173", "title": "Court orders to book ASI", "text": "GARHWA: The court of judicial magistrate first class, Janardan Singh has issued an order to Ramuna Police Station officer in-charge, asking him to lodge an FIR against an ASI of the same police station in Garhwa district, in a case in which a married woman had accused him of sexually assaulting her.The woman had accused ASI Binu Oraon of Ramuna police station of sexually assaulting her since the last two months and also threatening to implicate her husband in false cases. tnnOn the night of August 31, Binu Oraon was beaten up by the villagers of Tandawa under the jurisdiction of same police station, after he was caught waiting for the woman at a deserted place. \"Oraon is notorious for his illicit relation with the daughter in-law of a fellow villager Ram Prasad Ram,\" said a villager.Injured Oraon was rushed to RIMS in Ranchi for treatment, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407773", "title": "I like Ranchi\u2019s serenity: Chandraprakash Dwivedi", "text": "Chandraprakash Dwivedi, director and actor of the critically acclaimed television serial Chanakaya, was in city for the Ranchi Film Festival. TOI got him to speak on Indian cinema, his upcoming projects and his fondness for epic and literary works.You were a medical professional once. Yet your projects clearly show your inclination towards historical and literary subjects. How did this change happen? Yes, people ask me why I make only period cinema but the fact is everybody is doing period work, be it contemporary or ancient. I like recreating time-frames which are often larger than life, beyond one's experience and imagination. I am fascinated by such work. But it never is an easy task as it requires a whole lot of research, time and money. Your national award winning film Pinjar was based on a novel. Your next flick, Sunny Deol starrer Mohalla Assi is again based on a novel. How easy or difficult is it to make films based on literature? It is both easy and difficult. Like a ploughed land is required to cultivate crop, a base for your project makes the job easier. On other hand, there is a whole lot of expectation from people who have already gone through the written content. Cinema is an independent art form, its transformation from literary work requires some changes and I find them obligatory. Apprehension always looms over its acceptance by the audience since they come with a certain mind-set. It's not always easy to convert written word into visual experience. How do you convince big shots from Bollywood for projects that are much different from the usual Bollywood fare? It was and still is difficult. Actors have their comfort zone and they are caught in certain image that audience wants to see them as. So they do hesitate in getting out of that image. I remember while I was casting for Pinjar, I approached a famous actor who declared the movie as complete flop. People want to work on tried and tested formula overlooking the creativity needed in filmmaking. Was Sunny Deol always a one point choice for Mohalla Assi? Not exactly, but he was the most befitting actor in the role. We know each other for a decade now. When I narrated the script to him, he immediately said yes. People know him for an action hero but it will be interesting to see him donning the look of pundit from the ghats of Benaras. He is looking the part in dhoti, kurta, gamcha and Kolhapuri chappals. The sentence construction of dialogues in the film is very difficult. Sunny had to work hard to mug up Sanskrit shloks just like a student of primary class. Kabhi-kabhi toh unki aah nikal jaati thi. He used to say itna badaam khata hoon fir bhi yaad nahi hota. The movie was about to release in August 2012. Why was it delayed? The movie was complete a year back, in March 2011, and was slated to release in October 2011. The marketing is proving a bit time consuming but it will release in the next two months. We intend to come to Ranchi for its promotion. This was my second visit to city and I like its serenity. Your upcoming projects? My next film would again be based on a novel by Kashinath Singh. It would also be shot in Benaras as the holy city has a special space in my heart. I have heard many stories from my father about the place who used to stay there in 1936 to learn Sanskrit. It seems Kashinathji would be inspirational source for my other upcoming projects as well. Tell us any interesting episode while shooting for the film There is a character in the movie who portrays himself as Lord Shiva and fools devotees. To convey the message we made the character sport funky and colourful canvas shoes. While we were shooting in Benaras, a person got very angry seeing the 'funky Shiva' strolling on the ghats. We had to employ all means to calm him down and avoid chaos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16408654", "title": "Davis Cup: Vishnu gives India 2-0 lead against New Zealand", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Vishnu Vardhan registered a comfortable victory over Jose Statham in the second singles to give India a commanding 2-0 lead in the Davis Cup Asia Oceania relegation play-off tie against New Zealand on Saturday.Up by two sets to one in the match, which was stopped on Friday due to fading light, Vishnu dominated the proceedings on Saturday as he took just 31 minutes to complete the win.Vishnu served as well as returned extremely well to beat the Kiwi number one, who is ranked 55 places below him at number 317, 6-2 6-7(5) 6-4 6-2 in a match that lasted a total duration of two hours and 57 minutes.After missing out on a break chance in the very first game of the day, Vishnu hardly gave his opponent any chance.The set was locked 2-2 when Vishnu fired a backhand service winner and Statham erred on a backhand return to give the Indian two break points.The pressure got to the Kiwi and Statham committed another backhand error, putting Vishnu up by a break.Vishnu then sent down two aces to earn three match points. He sealed the victory with a forehand winner.He will now combine with Divij Sharan to play the doubles against Michael Venus and Artem Sitak.On Friday, world no. 262, Vishnu made a dominating start as he straightaway took a 4-1 lead with a break of serve and comfortably pocketed the opening set.The Indian had faced just one breakpoint in the unfinished contest yesterday.Statham though put up a gallant fight and a baseline slugfest began in the second set. With the two players holding serves, the issue was decided through the tie-breaker, which was won by the Kiwi after reeling off four straight points while trailing 3-5.After being locked 4-4, Vishnu got the crucial break in the ninth game and served out the set in the next.Expected Statham did not want to continue and the officials accepted his plea considering insufficient light.Earlier, Yuki had won the first match of the tie against Daniel King Turner to put India ahead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16403480", "title": "Chinese fighter jets manoeuvre close to Indian border", "text": "BEIJING: The Chinese Air Force recently carried out three different manoeuvres over the Himalayas close to the Indian border. This included an exercise involving fighter jets carrying live ammunition over the mountain ranges, it's reliably learnt.People's Daily Online, which is controlled by the Communist Party , published a series of photos of the fighters in operation. The portal did not carry any report along with the captioned photographs under the headline, 'PLA heavy fighters cruise with live ammunition over Himalayas'.China also deployed a set of new generation fighters for the purpose of \"emergent training\" at night in Yunnan province, which is part of the Himalayan range bordering Myanmar. The purpose was \"to improve troops' emergent combat effectiveness\", said the official media while publishing the photographs.The night training on Qinghai-Tibet Plateau was carried out by a batch of PLA soldiers under the Chengdu Military Area Command.The media also reported another air force drill on the use of surface-to-air missiles without indicating where it took place. It involved \"live-fire drill under conditions of positive interference\". The missiles shot down the target accurately, it said.\"Photographs are enough for a military expert to judge the capabilities of an armed force. China is clearly sending out a signal to neighbouring countries by publishing the photographs of its fighters doing manoeuvres,\" an observer of the Chinese military scene told TOI.Observers are wondering why China is opening up multiple fronts instead of dealing with one neighbour at a time on its territorial issues. Some analysts say Chinese leaders feel they are capable of dealing on different fronts because of China's vast economy and size, and the distance and comparative weakness of the United States.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16404311", "title": "Joint families cry foul over six cylinder norm", "text": "NAGPUR: The decision to provide only six LPG cylinders at subsidized rates a year will hit joint families hard, said 69-year-old Sunita Agarawal, a resident of Shanti Nagar. With 15 members in the family, the Agrawals need one cylinder every 20 days.Referring to an Indian Oil survey report, Prem Nagar resident Himmat Bais said that a family six consumes one cylinder every 25 to 28 days on an average. If this is true, a family would need at least 13 cylinders a year, and since LPG refills beyond the first six cylinders would not be subsidized, the cooking fuel bill will burn a big hole in their pocket.\"It seems that the government took this drastic decision considering only nuclear families,\" said 60-year-old Rajshree Nayse of Somalwada. There are 13 members in the Nayse family. \"Most joint families have more than 10 persons. The cap on subsidized gas to six per year will have an adverse impact on the monthly budget,\" she said.City Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta - who has an 18-member family - too endorsed Nayse's view. He said, \"The cap on subsidized domestic gas is not logical. Subsidy should be based on the number of family members and the family income. Many households still have joint families in India. The requirement of cooking gas varies according to family size, and has a huge impact on the family's monthly bill.\"Ramesh Nagre, who also belongs to a joint family with 12 members, said that the decision will give rise to more black marketing. Citing an example, Nagre said, \"If your maid is using only three cylinders a year, then you can use her remaining three subsidized LPG cylinders by paying her little extra money. This kind of activity will start now.\"Nagre suggested use of electrical appliances like induction cookers, microwave oven etc, because electricity may end up being cheaper than LPG.However, there are many who welcomed the decision. Sangeeta Solanki, a housewife, said that it's a good move to limit each household to six subsidized cylinders per year. The move will check a family's consumption and minimize wastage, pointed out Solanki.Most people said that there should some annual income criteria for subsidy, and unlimited subsidy should be given to the needy only. However, they said the policy to ration subsidized gas cylinders was not rational.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16405470", "title": "Management students get sweet lessons", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A workshop on \"sugar work\" was organized on Friday, at the University Institute of Hotel Management and Tourism ( UIHMT) for the budding chefs of the institute. Chef Ashish Nikhanj guided the students with the basics and technicalities of sugar work as adopted by various hotels all around the world.During the workshop, students were taught about different types of sugar - their boiling points, process of crystallization and melting sugar at various temperatures. Knowledge of all these is necessary to undertake sugar work, the expert said. Various sugar models were made out of the melted sugar by the students under chef's supervision.The session ended with creation of \"Croque-en-Bouche\" which is a classical desert from France.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16404365", "title": "Downpour triggers civic woes", "text": "LUCKNOW: Heavy overnight rain which continued till Friday afternoon resulted in chaos and traffic jams across the city. Commuters complained that rain not only disrupted the traffic flow but also made driving miserable. Rail traffic and power supply were also adversely affected while waterlogging was reported from many localities of the city.From old city areas to posh and VIP localities, poor drainage system led to waterlogging at most places. Many localities in Aminabad, Chowk, Khadra Najirabad, Wazirganj, and Mawaiyya saw knee-deep water. Situation was equally bad in Jankipuram, Aliganj, Mahanagar, Chandganj and some localities of Indiranagar. Waterlogging was also reported from Aashiana, Sultanpur Road, LDA Colony, Bangla Bazar, Alambagh and Amausi. The posh areas of Gomtinagar, Rana Pratap Marg, Hazratganj and Dalibagh also witnessed knee-deep flooding. VIP localities like Mall Avenue and area around the Annexe was also waterlogged for a better part of the day.Residents of the Old City and Jankipuram complained sewer water entering their houses due to backflow. A prominent school in Indiranagar declared three-day holiday as a precautionary measure after water flooded the basement, posing threat to the building.Waterlogging also led to massive traffic jams in many localities including Mawaiyya and busy Nishatganj-Charbagh stretch. \"I was stuck in the traffic jam for more than an hour,\" said Ajay Sinha, a resident of Mahanagar. Many commuters got late for their offices and colleges due to the jam. The similar problem was evident at Polytechnic crossing in Gomtinagar. Traffic jams were also reported from Hazratganj, Rana Pratap Marg, Manoj Pandey intersection in Gomtinagar and Alambagh intersection. \"The problem of traffic jam has become a regular feature in the rains,\" said Maitrei Mishra, a student. Another commuter, Chhavi Bhagwani, an interior designer, complained that it was difficult to drive on pot-holed roads.Prolong power cuts were also reported from over two dozen localities due to snapping of electricity wires and problems in the transformers due to heavy rains. Mahanagar, Aliganj, Sitapur Road and Kursi Road reported 2-3 hour power breakdown during the day, while power outages of 6-10 hours were reported from the old city areas and Jankipuram.Several trains are running late due to rains. In fact, rail traffic has been affected by flooding of tracks in the outskirts of the city. A couple of flights were also delayed due to rains in the morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi/hyderabad", "code": "16404212", "title": "Cong cool to KCR's overtures", "text": "NEW DELHI/HYDERABAD: The Congress high command is playing cool to the merger overtures being made by TRS supremo K Chandrasekhar Rao, and is unlikely to grant him an audience with party president Sonia Gandhi.KCR has been camping in Delhi for the last one week but has been unable to meet any top Congress leaders beyond AICC functionaries Vayalar Ravi and Oscar Fernandes. Sources said the TRS chief is making the offer to the Congress that he would merge his party the moment a positive decision on Telangana is announced.On Friday, KCR and his son K Taraka Rama Rao met with Vayalar Ravi in the morning and reportedly sought an appointment with the Congress chief. After the meeting, Ravi drove down to 10 Janpath and briefed Sonia about the talks he had with the TRS leaders. Subsequently, the Congress chief held a meeting with senior party leaders Ghulam Nabi Azad , Digvijay Singh and Rajya Sabha MP Renuka Chowdhary. This immediately triggered speculations that the Congress is at last moving forward on the Telangana issue.However, according to AICC sources, Sonia was advised by the leaders not to meet KCR at this juncture as it would lead to wild speculations about Telangana. \"Such a meeting may be misconstrued by Seemandhra leaders and may even ignite passions in the area,\" AICC sources told TOI. While KCR is trying for an appointment with Sonia, KTR is seeking one with AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi. \"Circumstances being such, both are unlikely to happen,\" the sources said. KCR and company are expected to stay put in Delhi for a few more days in the hope of getting a call from 10 Janpath.Meanwhile, the meetings of Seemandhra leaders in which MPs KVP Ramachandra Rao and KS Rao played key roles, seem to have had a salutary effect on the Congress leadership in Delhi. The Seemandhra leaders reportedly warned the partythat they would resign from the Lok Sabha en masse if the Congress makes a pro-Telangana statement. The silence by TRS on T- demand has also emboldened the party to shelve the separate state issue for the time being. \"The prolonged silence in the regioncoupled with the emergence of YS Jaganmohan Reddy as a political force have changed the Centre's attitude towards the Telangana issue. They feel that there is no urgency to take a decision on it now,\" a T Congress MP told TOI.He said certainly there would be no T statement in the near future. \"The party is now curiously watching T-JAC's attempt to revive the movement after a gap of one year. Revival of the movement is the only way to force the leadership to take cognisance of the issue. Otherwise, it will be postponed indefinitely,\" the MP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16402882", "title": "BJP's dharna against coalgate, price-rise", "text": "JAIPUR: Following in the footsteps of the high command, the state BJP on Friday took to streets against the UPA government over the irregularities in the allocation of coal blocks.While senior party members and public representatives participated in the dharna at Ambedkar Circle, the absence of Parliamentarians was conspicuous. Of the 9 BJP Parliamentarians in the state - 4 in Lok Sabha and 5 Rajya Sabha members; only one - Arjun Ram Meghwal - was present. Even as others lashed out at the UPA and senior Congress leaders including AICC president Sonia Gandhi , AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi and demanded the resignation of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , the absence of leader of Opposition in the Rajasthan Assembly Vasundhara Raje raised eyebrows.The leaders vowed to take the issue to the masses and expose the 'corrupt' Congress. The Opposition also used the platform to criticise the UPA over inflation and the recent price rise for diesel and LPG. State president Arun Chaturvedi cycled his way to the venue as a mark of protest.The party's state president accused the Congress of being 'shameless' and stealing from the common man and the poor in the country. The Congress has only learnt to swallow away - be it coal, iron, sugar or anything else. We will continue with the agitation till the Congress is voted out,'' he said.Senior BJP legislator Gulab Chand Kataria hit out at the UPA and Congress for accusing the BJP of not allowing a debate on the multi-crore Coalgate scam, saying that a debate does not yield discussions. \"The BJP agreed for a debate on black money and 2G scam but the result of the debate was a big zero. The UPA did nothing about the corruption scandals, the law took its own course and put the guilty behind the bars,'' said Kataria, addressing the gathering of BJP members.Deputy leader of Opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari said that the warning bells had rung for the UPA government and that the coalgate scam would ensure that the Congress is voted out of power. He blamed everybody from the UPA chairperson to her son and the entire Congress for scams like coalgate and 2G. Hitting out at the UPA for the recent hike in the diesel and LPG rates, he said that Mamata (Banerjee) and Mulayam (Singh) were equally responsible, though they publically opposed the UPA over such decisions, they extended support behind the doors.State party incharge Kirit Somaiya alleged that while only six names of political leaders had cropped up in the coalgate scam, speculations were rife about involvement of two dozen leaders. \"I have the names of 12 leaders who were involved,'' he claimed, adding that most Congress leaders would soon be going to Tihar Jail over corruption charges.eomJaipur: Following in the footsteps of high command, the state BJP on Friday took to streets against the UPA government over the irregularities in the allocation of coal blocks.While senior party members and public representatives participated in the dharna at Ambedkar Circle, the absence of Parliamentarians was conspicuous. Of the 9 BJP Parliamentarians in the state - 4 in Lok Sabha and 5 Rajya Sabha members; only one - Arjun Ram Meghwal - was present. Even as others lashed out at the UPA and senior Congress leaders including AICC president Sonia Gandhi, AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi and demanded the resignation of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, the absence of leader of Opposition in the Rajasthan Assembly Vasundhara Raje raised eyebrows.The leaders vowed to take the issue to the masses and expose the 'corrupt' Congress. The opposition also used to platform to criticise the UPA over inflation and the recent price rise for diesel and lpg. State President Arun Chaturvedi cycled his way to the venue as a mark of protest.The party's state president accused the Congress of being 'shameless' and stealing from the common man and the poor in the country. The Congress has only learnt to swallow away - be it coal, iron, sugar or anything else. We will continue with the agitation till the Congress is not ruled out,'' he said.Senior BJP legislator Gulab Chand Kataria hit out at the UPA and Congress for accusing the BJP of not allowing a debate on the multi-crore Coalgate scam, saying that a debate and discussion does not yield discussions. The BJP agreed for a debate on black money and 2G scam but the result of the debate was a big zero. The UPA did nothing about the corruption scandals, the law took its own course and put the guilty behind the bars,'' said Kataria, addressing the gathering of BJP members.Deputy leader of opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari said that the warning bells had rung for the UPA government and that the coalgate scam would ensure that the Congress is voted out of power. He blamed everybody from UPA chairperson, her son and the entire Congress for the scams like coalgate and 2G. Hitting out at the UPA for the recent hike in the diesel and lpg rates, he said that Mamta (Banerjee) and Mulayam (Singh) were equally responsible for though they publically opposed the UPA over such decisions, they extended support behind the doors.State party in-charge Kirit Somiya alleged that while only six names of political leaders had cropped up in the coalgate scam, speculations were ripe about involvement of two dozen leaders. I myself have the names of 12 leaders who were involved,'' he claimed, adding that most Congress leaders would soon be going to Tihar Jail over corruption charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "16403837", "title": "Government urged to punish those behind suicide of Sattari boy", "text": "KERI: Narayan Mainkar and his wife Laxmi, from Morlem, Sattari, have urged the Goa government to punish those persons who were responsible for driving their only son Arjun, studying in TYBA, to commit suicide on August 5.Speaking at a press conference organised in their residence at Bagwada, Morlem, on Thursday evening, Mainkar was in tears when he said, \"My son had already admitted to his misbehaviour and had given an affidavit in writing to marry the victim girl. But, in spite of this, he was mentally tortured. He was even threatened with death by relatives of the girl and this prompted him to commit suicide.\"He further added, \"He was good in his studies and a hope for our family. But when he was threatened that his sister would be raped and he would be exposed publicly, he lost his peace of mind.\"Arjun had committed suicide by hanging himself with the help of a nylon rope behind his residence at Morlem early morning of August 5.Before committing suicide he had sent a message on his mobile phone to one Sushant Paste on August 4. In the suicide message, he asked Paste to take care of his father, mother and sister. He also asked Paste not to allow persons who ruined his life to go scot free.His maternal uncle Laxman Narvekar from Baherilwada-Keri said, \"One month has passed since the suicidal death of Arjun. But no one has been arrested or punished by the police, who are investigating very slowly.\"Nikita Mainkar, Arjun's sister studying in XIth standard, said, \"My brother loved me very much. His death is a sudden shock for us. We are living presently in pain and despair.\"Valpoi police inspector Ramesh Gaonkar, who is investigating the case, said, \"We are investigating Arjun's suicide case. His suicidal note has been sent for confirmation with his handwriting. After cross-checking the police will take the necessary steps.\" Arjun's classmates were interrogated on September 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16404421", "title": "Clubs pay price for AIFF's folly", "text": "PANAJI: The All India Football Federation's decision to move the Federation Cup out of Ranchi less than a week before kickoff has invited ridicule from participating clubs who have not only been inconvenienced but also suffered financial losses.The Federation Cup was originally scheduled to be held in Ranchi but the AIFF shockingly discovered that the ground was not in a \"playable condition\" despite one of their vice-president personally inspecting the venue. The JRD sports complex in Jamshedpur and Keenan Stadium -- some 150 kms away from Ranchi -- have now been finalized as the venues to host two of the four groups.\"The AIFF is thinking of organizing the under-17 World Cup but here is an example of just how bad they can be with organization. How can you shift the venue less than a week before,\" asked Salgaocar Football Club president, Shivanand Salgaocar.Salgaocar are the defending champions and the club chairman wondered if the ground, even at the JRD sports complex, would be in perfect condition.\"They are having the qualifiers at the same venue. Matches are being played every day. I don't know how good it will be,\" said Salgaocar.Dempo Sports Club secretary-cum-coach Armando Colaco had warned the AIFF that the Ranchi stadium needed to be \"inspected closely\" before giving it the nod. Shockingly, his plea fell on deaf ears.\"Some of my friends (in Ranchi) had told me that the grounds are not fit to host the Federation Cup. I immediately wrote to the AIFF general secretary asking him to do an inspection. If the AIFF had listened to me, we would not have had to undergo such trouble now,\" said Armando.Armando said the change in venue will upset his team's calculations especially since they now have to make the difficult four-hour long road trip from Ranchi to Jamshedpur and also forego an advance paid to a hotel in Ranchi.\"There should be some co-ordination. The change in venue has caused us a lot of inconvenience,\" admitted the Dempo coach.Pune FC coach Derrick Pereira, too, has had to change training and travel plans to meet the new requirements at Jamshedpur. \"I know for sure that the Jamshedpur venue is good and the facilities are excellent but what about our bookings at Ranchi,\" asked the Pune FC coach.Other teams who will be affected by the change in venue include Prayag United Sports Club, Mumbai FC and Baichung Bhutia's United Sikkim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16405525", "title": "Drug peddlers nabbed with Rs 30L heroin", "text": "LUDHIANA: A drug peddler, Naseem Shafi, was apprehended by police in Gopal Nagar on Thursday evening along with accomplices Jagtar Singh and Mandeep Singh alias Deepu.Police recovered 60g heroin worth Rs 30 lakh and Rs 4 lakh cash from Shafi, a proclaimed offender. Jagtar Singh, a resident of Sarai Amanat Khan in Tarn Taran and Tibba Road resident Mandeep were on a motorcycle with Shafi when arrested.Assistant commissioner of police (ACP), East, Naveen Singla said the cops had laid a check post in the area and stopped the accused when they found their activity suspicious. They were arrested when the police recovered the drug from them.Preliminary investigation revealed Shafi had cases registered against him in past, including a case of possessing one kilogram opium registered at Rajpura police station and a case of drug peddling in 2011 at Division No. 7 police station, said additional deputy commissioner of police, Zone 4, Sushil Kumar.Kumar said Shafi was also booked in a case of possessing fake currency notes worth Rs 3.5 lakh.\"He told us he has been peddling the drugs he procured from Jagtar for a long time. We are now questioning Jagtar to know the source from where the drug is circulated in the city,\" added the ADCP.Police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403084", "title": "HC rejects Nooria\u2019s travel plea", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday dismissed a petition by US national Nooria Haveliwalla, who was involved in an alleged drunk driving accident in which two persons had died, and upheld the state's apprehension that if she returns to US, there is no way to secure her presence if she fails to return.A division bench of Justices A M Khanwilkar and A R Joshi gave their verdict on Nooria's challenge to the October 13, 2011 order of the foreign regional registration office restraining her travel beyond Mahim. Nooria said as a beautician with investments located outside Mumbai, she has to travel. The judges said the competent authority has \"absolute and unfettered\" powers to impose restrictions \"especially when a foreigner has committed the offence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16404834", "title": "Protest over diesel price hike, cap on LPG cylinders", "text": "BHOPAL: Political parties on Friday burnt effigies, protested against hike in diesel price and limiting subsidy to six LPG cylinders in a year.The Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) Mahila Morcha demonstrated by staging a funeral procession of the cylinders at Peer Gate in old Bhopal.Communist Party of India (Marxist) (CPM) activists burnt effigies of the Union government at the Jinsi crossing protesting the hike. Pramod Prdhan, member of the party, said while the central government provides tax cuts to corporate houses every year, subsidies for common man were being removed ruthlessly.Communist Party of India (CPI) also burnt effigies of the price hike of diesel at the Bharat Talkies crossing on Friday evening. Condemning the move, they demanded rollback in the hike and that one LPG cylinder be provided to families every month.Similarly, semi government employees federation MP also demanded that 12 cylinders be provided to families in a year.Condemning the move. MP Mehnat Kash Mazdoor Morcha in a press release said price hike would mean an additional expense of Rs 10,000 in a year for a family. Also, Rs 2,000 would have to be spent by an average family yearly for the LPG cylinders, which would not be reimbursed by the government. Hence, the move should be rolled back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16404388", "title": "Can UP govt forgo its VAT earnings?", "text": "LUCKNOW: The sharp rise in diesel prices have once again fuelled the debate that whether the Uttar Pradesh government can lower its own taxes to lessen the burden of inflation , which is hitting the common man, especially the farmers, who form the back bone of state's economy.UP government levies 17.53% of Value Added Tax on every litre of diesel sold. This way, if it waives off the tax completely, the price of diesel will come down almost by Rs 7, much to the relief of people, who are already feeling the pinch of high inflation. The sale of diesel in Uttar Pradesh is almost 45 crore litre per month. Prior to the price hike, the government was getting Rs 5 as VAT per litre of diesel. So, mathematically, the state government was earning nearly Rs 2,700 crore every year as VAT from diesel.This is third time since July this year, when the prices of diesel have been upwardly revised. It was Rs 43.12 per litre on July 1, when it was revised to Rs 43.95 on July 25. On August 1, the price of diesel was revised to Rs 44.05 per litre. The steepest rise came on Thursday midnight (September 14) when the price of the fuel shot up to Rs 49.05.Petrol dealers argue that even if the taxes are lowered or at least brought at par with what is being levied by neighbouring states like Delhi where VAT is 12.5%, it would lower the pressure significantly. \"We have been demanding this repeatedly. It is high time that the state government now start thinking on these lines,\" said BN Shukla, president of UP Petrol Pumps Dealers Association.Economists, however, have divergent views on this. \"It is not only the duty of the Centre, but also the state government to see that its subjects are not strained, because of the hike in fuel prices. Perhaps that is the only way to control the sharp rise in inflation,\" said Prof Yashvir Tyagi, of the department of economics at Lucknow University. \"The state government should rather explore some other sources of taxes or at least strengthen its tax collection machinery,\" he added.\"This rise is certainly going to hit not only the middle urban class, but would also dent the morale of farmers, who are heavily dependent on diesel to power their tube wells,\" Prof Tyagi said, and added, \"The government should look at other avenues to augment its own production of fuel, as it is the only way left to support the spiralling demand for fuel.\"However, a section of economists, believe that the state government should not take the burden of other government constituents, the Centre in this case. \"The state government has its own expenditure, which stands devalued because of the inflation. Now if it lessens its taxes, how would it match that expenditure,\" asked economist, Arvind Mohan. \"It is the responsibility of the Centre to see that no such step is taken at this point of time. This rise was absolutely uncalled for. The entire fault lies in the timing of the decision,\" he said. Mohan further says that the Centre's decision comes at a time, when it provided subsidy to the corporate sector to the tune of nearly Rs 4,70,000 crore. \"While the powerful corporate lobby gets benefited, it is the common man, who does not have a say in the government affairs, is being targeted,\" he said.Economists believe that this rise in fuel prices may only be temporary, lasting for only six to eight months, as there will be a global slowdown and then prices would come down once again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16408228", "title": "Goa State Pollution Control Board reconstituted", "text": "PANAJI: The government of Goa has re-constituted the Goa State Pollution Control Board ( GSPCB) under the chairmanship of Jose Manuel Noronha, Chief Executive Officer, Agnel Technical Education Complex, Verna and Assagao with immediate effect.The other members of the board are additional principal chief conservator of forests, director, directorate of Industries, trade and commerce, chief engineer, water resources department, director, directorate of mines and geology, director, department of tourism, Narayan Naik, Pramod Sawant, Vice Chairperson, Goa State Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd., Panaji and Levinson J. Martins is the member secretary.The elected representatives, NGO's and industries representatives of the board are sarpanch, village panchayat of Sancoale, Tony Rodrigues, deputy Mayor, Corporation of City of Panaji, Vasudev Deshprabhu, chairperson, Pernem Municipal Council, Fatima Pereira, Sarpanch, village panchayat of Velsao, Frank Fernandes, sarpanch, village panchayat of Navelim, Shekhar Sardessai, President, Goa State Industries Association, Panaji, Shrirang Jamble, agriculturist, Savoi-Verem, Ponda, Marconi Correia, medical practitioner, Cansaulim, Mormugao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407578", "title": "Licence revoked", "text": "The London Metropolitan University's (LMU) licence was revoked on August 29 by the UK Border Agency (UKBA) due to 'serious and systemic failures,' thus affecting 359 Indian students at the university. The decision affects up to 2,600 continuing international students who will have until December 1 to find an alternative sponsor or face deportation. In a development following the announcement, as updated on the university website, LMU has instructed its lawyers to commence urgent legal action to challenge the revocation of its 'Highly Trusted' status for sponsoring international students, so that its students can return to study as a matter of urgency.Malcolm Gillies, vice-chancellor of LMU said: \"London Met will fight this revocation, which is based on a highly flawed report by the UKBA. The university will continue to give top priority to the interests of our international students who have been so distressed by this action.\"However, a British High Commission spokesperson said, the priority is to help legitimate students affected by this decision to revoke the Tier 4 sponsor licence from LMU to help them to find a new course of equivalent value and to carry over to their new courses the credits they have built up. A taskforce has, therefore, been set up in the UK, according to the spokesperson, to assist genuine students affected by this decision to revoke London Met's sponsor licence. The taskforce comprises the Higher Education Funding Council for England (HEFCE), Universities UK (UUK), the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills (BIS), the UK Border Agency (UKBA) and the National Union of Students (NUS).It is working with London Met to support genuine students to find another education provider with whom to continue their studies.Genuine students currently studying at LMU do not need to take any immediate action. UKBA will write to them after October 1. They will then have 60 days to make a new student application to study at another education institution, or to arrange to leave the UK. The 60 days will start from the date the UKBA contacts the student.Eric Thomas , president of Universities UK, said that the first priority is to support the students affected by this action to ensure that, wherever possible, they can stay in the UK and continue their studies. UUK and the UK HE International Unit will be working with a taskforce that has been set up to mitigate the impact of this decision on students.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16403217", "title": "Corporations ask govt to draw boundaries", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Sheila Dikshit government and the BJP-led corporations are on a collision course over regularization of unauthorized colonies. At the first meeting of the task force constituted to expedite clearances for the 895 colonies notified as regularized, the corporations expressed their inability to make layout plans till the urban development department brings to the ground the boundaries fixed by it with the help of Survey of India maps.The civic bodies also want the RWAs to prepare fresh layout plans based on the notified boundaries and submit them afresh.The constitution of the task force had been justified by the chief minister for better coordination between the urban development department, the revenue department and various agencies like DDA and the corporations. The first meeting of the task force was chaired by the director, local bodies, R K Srivastava.The three municipal commissioners were present. The divisional commissioner is also a member. Chief engineers from DSIIDC, irrigation and flood department and representatives from Delhi Jal Board are also part of the task force, which has to report %the progress made to the %chief secretary on a fortnightly basis.\"Senior officials of the corporation are learnt to have pointed out that it is not the job of the civic body to do ground-level demarcation of boundaries. This is seen to be an important step as it will clearly show the properties that will be out of the colonies and also reveal any discrepancies that may need to be rectified. If the exercise is not done properly, then it can lead to extensive litigation from aggrieved residents and RWAs,\" sources said.The corporations also feel the layout plans submitted by the RWAs in 2007-08 have little relevance and should be made afresh according to the notified boundaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16405425", "title": "Probe indicts forest officials for flawed tree plantation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A vigilance inquiry has indicted seven forest officials, including three IFS officers, for irregularities in the tree plantation programme in Hisar circle of Haryana.The probe has found that only 3,000 saplings out of the 60,000 planted in 2007-2008 survived. According to the inquiry report accessed under RTI Act, the vigilance bureau slammed the seven forest officials, including M M Joshi, V K Jhajharia and M L Rajvanshi, for negligence.The report said that lack of inspection, coordination and proper care had resulted in 85% loss of total funds, amounting to Rs 14.5 lakh, used in the plantation project. It recommended recovery of this amount from four officials - forest range officer Sanjay Bali, block forest officer Jogi Ram and block forest officer Hanuman Dass and forest guard Vijay Kumar. Departmental action has also been recommended against the officials.The report has been sent to the government for appropriate action against the indicted IFS officers.Joshi, IFS, was divisional conservator of forest in Hisar circle when the irregularities occurred. \"Joshi did not inspect the plantation work,\" said the report.Indicting Jhajharia, who is at present divisional conservator of forest in Hisar circle, for negligence, the report said, \"This officer sent a wrong report to the government, saying the 75-78% plantation work was successful.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16405356", "title": "\u2018Deep sleep triggers onset of puberty\u2019", "text": "WASHINGTON: Slow-wave sleep or 'deep sleep' could be responsible for the onset of puberty in children, a new Harvard study claims.According to researchers, deep sleep is intimately involved in the complex control of the onset of puberty and many changes that occur in boys and girls during the phase are triggered by changes in the brain. Previous studies have shown that the parts of the brain that control puberty first become active during sleep, but the latest study shows that it is deep sleep, rather than sleep in general, that is associated with this activity.\"If the parts of the brain that activate the reproductive system depend on deep sleep, then we need to be concerned that inadequate or disturbed sleep in children and young adolescents may interfere with normal pubertal maturation,\" Natalie Shaw, lead researcher from Harvard, said.\"This is particularly true for children who have been diagnosed with sleep disorders, but may also have more widespread implications as recent studies have found that most adolescents get less sleep than they require,\" she said in a statement.In the study, researchers examined pulses of luteinizing hormone (LH) secretion in relation to specific sleep stages in children ages 9-15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "16405550", "title": "2 cops among eight injured in clash", "text": "HISAR: A clash broke out between two groups of dalits in village Bhagana near here during late night hours of Thursday. Eight people, including two policemen, were injured in the clash.The village was in the news recently as about 20 families there had started camping outside the district headquarters at Hisar, protesting against residents belonging to the upper caste, who allegedly ostracized them when a dalit tried to enter a pond belonging to the upper caste.Naveen Kumar, who is also one among the protesters, reached his home at the village from Hisar on Thursday, looking for his family. Meanwhile, Manjeet Kumar, who was reportedly drunk, started fighting with him.Manjeet soon called his friends and started pelting stones on Naveen's house. On getting information, ASP Hansi, Rahul Sharma, tehsildar Atma Ram Bhadu and others reached the spot, along with police force, to control the situation.SHO of Sadar police station, Sukhbir Singh and incharge of local unit of crime investigation agency (CIA), Dilip Kumar, also sustained injuries, who were rushed to the local general hospital for treatment.Heavy police force has been deployed in the village to maintain peace. Police are investigating the matter. However, no case has been registered so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "16405569", "title": "Students walk out at night to avoid ragging", "text": "SONIPAT: The sudden disappearance of around 40 class 9 students of Moti Lal Nehru Sports School at Rai village in Sonipat on Thursday after dinner kept the authorities and police officials on tenterhooks till early Friday.Police found the students, huddled in a shed near Bahalgarh village, a few kilometres from the school, and have started a probe into what is suspected to be a case of seniors ragging.Sources said the students left deserted the campus in protest against alleged harassment and misbehavior by class 12 students. They told the cops that they had brought the ragging and harassment incidents to the notice of school authorities, who did failed to take any notice. \"Some senior students had warned us of harassment on Thursday night. So we decided to escape their wrath,\" they told police.However, once the authorities came to know of it, district officials along with SHO of Rai police station and police personnel, reached the school and started a manhunt.Six police teams were formed. While three were assigned duty within the school premises, the other three scouted adjoining areas. \"Around 2 am, the students were found near Bahalgarh. We listened to their complaints and then persuaded them to return to the school with the assurance that action would be taken against those harassing them,\" an official said.Director-cum-principal V K Verma said he had suspended three 10+2 students, following allegations of harassment by class 9 students. An inquiry has also been initiated into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16407688", "title": "FICCI and ministry of labour and employment jointly organise 5th Global Skills Summit 2012", "text": "The Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry ( FICCI ) and ministry of labour and employment jointly organised the fifth 'Global Skills Summit 2012' from September 6-7, in the Capital with the theme \u2014 'Learner First.'Emphasising on the need to skill people, Kapil Sibal , minister for human resource development, said, \"By 2030 India would have the largest population out of which 400 million would be between the age of 0-14 and about 100 million would be between the age of 14-18 years.The population of India is growing annually at the rate of 1.2 per cent and the rate at which people are entering the workforce annually is 1.7 per cent. The average age of an Indian by 2020 would be 29 years old. We have to make sure that this can turn into a demographic dividend.\"India lags far behind in imparting skill training as compared to other countries. Only 10 per cent of the total workforce in the country receives some kind of skill training (2% with formal training and 8% with informal training). Eighty percent of the freshers entering the workforce do not have the opportunity for skill training.\"If we can ensure that the children can go and work, we can be the most prosperous country in the world. It is also a big challenge because we have to look at how we can implement the ideas through the communities. There is a mismatch between the literacy levels, the expectations of the industry and the academic orientation. We need to have more community colleges. For this purpose, we will be launching 10 community colleges with the Association of Canadian Community Colleges,\" he said.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16404651", "title": "Ranganath Misra cremated at Swargdwar", "text": "CUTTACK: Former chief justice of India Ranganath Misra was cremated at Swargdwar in Puri on Friday. Misra (86), who is undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Bhubaneswar for last few months, died on Thursday night.His body was brought to Cuttack and kept at his Tulasipur residence so that people could pay their last respects. Among the dignitaries who paid homage to Misra were Governor M C Bhandare, chief minister Naveen Patnaik, chief justice of Orissa high court V Gopala Gowda, DGP Prakash Mishra and judges of the high court.\"His death is an irreplaceable loss to India and Odisha,\" the Governor said. \"Ranganath Misra was a towering personality and he will be deeply missed by Odisha,\" said chief minister Naveen Patnaik.A guard of honour was given to Misra and his body taken in a procession to the Orissa high court premises where hordes of lawyers paid tributes to the departed soul. Advocates of Orissa high court and other lower courts abstained from work to mourn his death. Grandson of the former CJ, Ananda Misra performed the last rites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16403349", "title": "Social causes fire up projects of college students", "text": "MUMBAI: Gone are the days when a final year college student would just gather information from the internet and submit a thesis. Students these days are busy taking up social causes and formulating campaigns as part of their projects.While some are launching drives as part of their project, some have just taken up causes to create awareness in different forms, be it on social networking sites, through marathons or just a street play. Students of Bachelors in Mass Media and Management Studies (BMM and BMS) are at the forefront of these drives. Students across city colleges have spent the last few weeks choosing topics ranging from anti-drugs/smoking, cleanliness, female infanticide, molestation, eve-teasing, drunk driving, as part of their projects.'Peeke Mat Chala' (PMC) is a drive initiated by five BMM students from Wilson College to raise awareness about drunk driving. They have a social media campaign on Facebook, Twitter and Youtube. \"We have a light-hearted approach to the cause with our mascot 'Mr P M Singh' (caricature of the PM) who features prominently on our social media posts, advising people not to drive when they are drunk,\" said Shweta Ramesh, one of the students.The 'don't drink and drive' theme seems to be a favourite among students with RD National College also working on the 'Hellcoholic drive'. The students recently held a flash mob activity at an Andheri mall, faking a car accident. Some students of RD National College also launched an anti-drug initiative\u2014'Keep off the Grass'\u2014as part of their college assignment. \"We are targeting drug users and spreading awareness on how drugs drag us down,\" said Tripti Nagpal, one of the students. The students have also associated themselves with Kripa Foundation, a rehabilitation centre. Final year students from the same college had organized a rally at Carter Road against eve-teasing and women's empowerment. As part of the project, they offered free martial arts training to women.The Mumbai University is now trying to garner support from students to spread awareness on the 'Save the girl child' campaign. Kranti Jejurkar, chairperson of the Women's Development Cell, said, \"We have organized a competition at two levels\u2014one open for students from all the affiliated colleges in eight zones of the university while the other one is exclusively meant for BMM students who can show their creativity in campaigns.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16406912", "title": "I will continue doing funny roles: Swapnil Joshi", "text": "Enacting Lord Krishna in the soap opera of 90's Shri Krishna, Swapnil Joshi became a name to reckon with in the telly world. Since then, it has been a long journey for him. Swapnil, who was recently in Ahmedabad to promote his current venture of SAB TV's 'Golmaal Hai Bhai Sab Golmaal Hai'.\"Everytime I come here, I see a lot of improved structural changes. But, what the city holds on to, is its vibrant culture.\" He is often mistaken to be a Gujarati, but he spills the beans when he says, \"I've studied at a Parsi school and most of my friends are Gujarati including producer Vipul D Shah. I can speak Gujarati very well.\"Excerpts from the interview: You seem to be comfortable doing comedy roles (in shows like Comedy Circus, Papadpol and now Golmaal. I have enjoyed doing comedy roles. It is a tough task to make people laugh. As long as the viewers love me in funny roles, I will continue doing them.You have a different image on Marathi television. Yes! My brand image on Marathi and Hindi television are different from each other. I enjoy taking up serious roles on Marathi television and films which is absolute contrast to my fun roles on Hindi GECs. I often keep saying that Marathi TV is my maayka and Hindi TV is sasural.How difficult was it for you to get over the image of Lord Krishna? And how do you feel when you look at other actors playing Lord Krishna? It wasn't that difficult. At that time I was only 16 years old and there were senior citizens who used to touch my feet, couples used to get their new-born babies and say, 'Please, shower your blessings on our child'. I didn't know how to react when they did all this. But now when I look back, I understand that kind of impression. And when I see others playing Lord Krishna's role, I feel nostalgic and proud that people still remember me as Lord Krishna.You have done Comedy Circus for four years. Any other show you look forward to participate? Comedy Circus is very dear to me. I would love to participate in Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa. I was offered Jhalak... in the last season, but couldn't fit it into my schedule then.What keeps you going for so many years in the telly world? The television industry has witnessed a lot of changes. I believe everything in my life should undergo change except family, wife and friends.What keeps me going is, I guess my simplicity and accessibility. I still don't wish to follow a PR driven approach in my professional or personal matters.What are your aspirations from life? I want to start producing Marathi serials as being a Marathi I would naturally be inclined towards Marathi shows. I would also love to direct a show in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16404413", "title": "37 nursing colleges derecognized, 8 from Vidarbha", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra Nursing Council (MNC) has de-recognized 37 private nursing colleges in the state for various deficiencies, including in staffing and infrastructure. The derecognized colleges include eight from Vidarbha.This is the first time that the council has taken action on such a scale. \"We have taken the action after giving them enough time, almost three years or more, to adhere to the norms laid down by the state council and the Indian Nursing Council. I will warn students not to take admission in these colleges,\" said Ramlingam Mali, president of MNC.The list of colleges de-recognized and barred from admitting students for the current academic year 2012-13 includes Dayasagar Samajik Arogya Aani Bahuddeshiya Sanstha's Angel of Mercy Institute of Nursing Science at Akola; Mahesh School of Nursing run by Mahesh Bahuddeshiya Sanstha in Nagpur; Saibaba Mote Sub district hospital, Shegaon in Buldhana district; Sadguru Shri, Gajanan Baba Shikshan Prasarak Bahu Mandal in Buldhana; Nursing School run by Maratha Shikshan Sanstha, Talegaon in Wardha district; Sanjeevani Nursing School run by Adarsha Jeevan Education Society in Chandrapur; Sakshi Deshmukh Nursing Institute run by RST Bahuddeshiya Sanstha at Chincholi in Yavatmal district and Jivan Jyoti School of Nursing run by Savitri Phule Vikas Mandal Bhadravati, Bramhapuri in Chandrapur district.Some of these college are running the General Nursing and Midwifery (GNM) and Auxiliary Nursing Midwife (ANM) courses of 3.5 and 1.5 years respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16405570", "title": "Schoolchildren foster bonds with villagers", "text": "LUDHIANA: Jitender Kaur, a 60-year-old homemaker from Nichi Mangli village near Ludhiana, has a new found joy in life as she has recently started to recognize Hindi and English alphabets. She eagerly waits for her teachers, the students of Ryan International School, Jamalpur, who visit the village weekly to make the villagers aware about issues concerned with environment and health.Jitender is not alone who waits for Ryanites but around 400 families of Nichi Mangli await the young teachers, who have been spreading literacy at the grassroots level.In their effort to serve the country, Ryanites from Jamalpur campus have taken the responsibility of educating villagers of Nichi Mangli while those from Dugri campus do the same job at Gahaur village in the district. The students hold various activities, including plantation drives, health awareness camps and workshops on arts and crafts, rain water harvesting, neighbourhood cleanliness and music. Students consider themselves fortunate to be able to share their knowledge with primary students and residents in the villages.Class XII student from Ryan International School Sirat Kaur says the teachers visit the village prior to students' visit and seek panchayat's permission to bring in students and hold the decided activities. \"We interact with the villagers either at the gurdwara, anganwadi or the primary school. These visits turn out to be heartening experiences as the villagers are always friendly and welcoming\" said Sirat, who resides at Sector 39, Jamalpur. Ryanites have been visiting the Nichi Mangli for past four years. \"But, every visit is a new learning experience for both, the students and villagers,\" says Rajni Pathak, a teacher who resides at Sector 32. \"During our next visit scheduled after exams, we have decided to prepare first-aid boxes for women and children at the village, which will be distributed after informing them about the significance of a first-aid kit,\" said Class XII student Saurav Dode, who resides at Civil Lines.At Gahaur, the volunteers from Dugri campus of Ryan interact with the villagers once a month, and Class VII student Bhvya Jain has garnered a fan following for himself from these monthly visits. The children and villagers at Gahaur await his arrival with the guitar as he entertains them with his mellifluous voice. \"I love the people of Gahaur for their welcoming nature and eagerness to learn whatever one has to teach them,\" says Bhavya.Class VII student Riddham has many friends at Gahaur now after repeated visits to the village. \"I carry books and stationary for my friends at Gahaur whenever I visit the village,\" he says.The schools have initiated this 'adopt a village' project following the vision of founder chairman of Ryan group Dr Augustine Francis Pinto, says Parveena John, principal of the Jamalpur campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16405232", "title": "Elevation for me soon, says Rahul", "text": "LUCKNOW: Breaking his silence over questions surrounding his role in politics and the party so far, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi on Friday said there would be an elevation for him \"soon\".Rahul, on a two-day visit to his constituency Amethi, was speaking to reporters. The Congress leader also faced protests from people who were unable to get to meet him. A delegation of approximately 40 people held a demonstration near the Amethi railway station saying they were not being allowed to meet Rahul or air their grievances before him.They were later appeased by local Congressmen and Rahul met some of the protesting people, promising to take up their issues soon. He also met residents of Chitkapur and Radheypur who turned in requests for installing hand pumps, and also demanded medical facilities, schools and better roads. Following a meeting of Congress workers in Jamo, he then returned to Delhi by evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16404708", "title": "Bell stolen from Theosophical Society found, 4 juveniles held", "text": "CHENNAI: Two days after a huge bell was stolen from the Lord Buddha temple on the Theosophical Society campus in Adyar, police on Friday arrested four juveniles, all from Olcott Kuppam and Oorur Kuppam near Thiruvanmiyur, in this connection. The 50kg bell was found among bushes on the banks of the Adyar. A hunt is on for another juvenile.Special teams led by Adyar assistant commissioner of police N Mohanraj and Sastri Nagar inspector (crime wing) Riazuddin probed the case and made the arrests. \"After security guards said a few juveniles often roamed the area, special teams found the four juveniles there and nabbed them. During interrogation, they confessed to committing the crime,\" Adyar deputy commissioner of police R Sudhakar told TOI.The arrested told police they sneaked in through the porous borders along the Adyar estuary and cut the iron grille using a hack-saw before removing the bell from its hook. \"They carried it to the estuary and tied it to a broken coconut branch before dumping it amid bushes,\" a police officer said.A few years ago, a bell was stolen from the Lord Buddha shrine. Police solved that case, but managed to recover only a portion of the bell. Later, the bell, which was stolen on Wednesday, was brought from Vietnam and installed.Theosophical Society general manager S Harihara Raghavan said, \"The bell has been ringing everyday at 6am and 6pm since December 16, 2002 when then president Radha Burnier concluded the birth anniversary celebrations of C Jinarajadasa alias Brother Raja, a former president.\"The Buddha shrine is located close to the memorial of Colonel Henry Olcott, co-founder of the society.The base of the shrine, with rounded arches and pillars, is modelled on the shrine at Bodh Gaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16408222", "title": "Pam flaunts sexy body in 'Baywatch' swimsuit", "text": "Pamela Anderson seemed to be recreating her 'Baywatch' days, as she slipped into her iconic swimsuit to film a commercial in Rio de Janiero.The mother-of-two looked incredible, as she recreated that dash along the sand for a Brazilian audience.She also shared a kiss with a lucky actor on set, but that was all acting, the Daily Mail reported.The blonde star, who has sworn off men said that she was \"being tested.\"\"It's hard when you have a sweaty man pressed up against you every day. I feel lascivious. But I'm trying, I'm trying,\" she told USA Today .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16403141", "title": "Nagri villagers ask MLAs to join protest march", "text": "RANCHI: Nagri villagers, protesting against the government decision of acquiring land to set up educational hub, have called upon the legislators to join them in \"jan pratirodh march\" on Tuesday. The protesters took the decision at a meeting on the campus of Xavier Institute of Social Service here on Friday. Geetashree Oraon, an MLA of the Congress, was the only MLA who attended the meet.Meanwhile, Jharkhand Dishom Party has called a state-wide bandh on Saturday to press the demand for release of land at Nagri, acquired for constructing IIM and National Law University. The party has also demanded that the government should implement guidelines for domicile policy, give rights to the elected panchayat representatives, and regularize para teachers. JDP president Salkhan Murmu confirmed the bandh. Police have made elaborate arrangements to ensure that no untoward incident takes placeThe Nagri activists claimed that they invited the people's representatives to join their battle against forcible eviction of agricultural land as the leaders showed their backs to the villagers after gaining political mileage. While the villagers protested against the land acquisition by the government, an appeal by the Jharkhand Bar Association has prompted the high court to issue strict strictures to the government to carry out the construction.Key activist Dayamani Barla said although they had faith in the judiciary, they would stop the construction at the site on Tuesday.Accusing BJP MLAs Uma Shankar Akela, Gurcharan nayak, Menka Sardar, Hare Kishan Singh and Barkunwar Gagrai of playing with the sentiments of Nagri villagers, Barla said they had promised to hold talks with the chief minister. \"They should resign from the party if they cannot make their own CM listen to the demands of common people,\" she said.Attending the meet Geetashree Oraon of the Congress said that an appeal would be made to the governor for holding meeting of the Tribal Advisory Council (TAC) and take up the issue of Nagri villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16414324", "title": "Navdeep joins hands with Sushmita Sen", "text": "Actor Navdeep was still in school when Sushmita Sen was crowned Miss Universe in 1994. The actor is all grown up now and is now partnering Sushmita Sen in a business venture. His production house, Raw Production House will be the official event manager for I am She finals to be held in Hyderabad.\"We happy to announce the official collaboration between raw production house owned by mr navdeep and mr rajshekar and i am she. .. Rph is the official event manager for i am she finals in hyd this year and also that rph is coming up with the first ever female beauty pageant exclusively for south indian tv throughout the four south states... Rph will be having auditions in the major south cities and will be selecting ten girls from each city and take them to an exotic location outside india and have a series of grooming and competitive tasks and shortlist two girls from each city for the finals to be conducted back in india. The winner of siah will have a direct entry to i am she 2013 finals which is directly taking her many steps closer to her miss universe dream,\" says Navdeep in his twitter account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "16403165", "title": "125 kg ganja seized in Lohardaga, 2 held", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Lohardaga district police on Friday seized 125 kg ganja being taken to Aurangabad in Bihar from Jhalsuguda in Odisha.Police were alerted by SP Jitendra Kumar Singh who knew about the ganja consignment. Senha police led by OC Anjani Kumar first traced a white marshal van with registration number WB 34 F - 3145 near Senha police station on state highway-8 of Gumla-Lohardaga road.He chased the vehicle full of ganja stored in four plastic sacks, three bags and wrapped in a blanket. Kumar took help of the force headed by Hari Mochi from Shankh River police picket and stopped the vehicle at the picket barrier. Quick Response Team (motorcycle squad) of SP led by Ranjeet Singh and Inspector of Town Circle Narendra Kumar Sinha were also part of the raid team. They seized 125 kg ganja, the vehicle and nabbed driver Sunil Kumar Manjhi and co-driver Anil Kumar .There were similar raids several times on the same route. Since the consignment of ganja was for Bihar and taken from Odisha, the inter-state gang's active involvement in this illegal trade is quite clear. A thorough investigation has been started to find out the headquarters of the racket and the gang heads, SP Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16405497", "title": "Bhullar\u2019s par clipped birdies\u2019 feathers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Peers may beg to differ but only Asian Tour star and Kapurthala lad, Gaganjeet Bhullar, knows what a \"snakes and ladders\" ascent he negotiated. Bhullar is convinced that he made the \"par save of the century\" on the final hole to bag a solo second spot at the $3,95,000 Worldwide Holdings Selangor Masters in Malaysia last week. That par save, which got him ahead of Siddikur Rehman, Javi Colomo and Michael Tran by a stroke, not only ensured a fistful of dollars more but also a decimal-higher ranking points on the Asian Tour and world standings. The trio \u2014 finishing in tied third behind Bhullar \u2014 had all birdied the par 5 final hole to finish at 12-under-par. After birdieing the 17th hole, to stand at 13-under, Bhullar took a 3-wood to the tee as there was a water hazard to the right of the landing area. The ball pitched into a fairway bunker. The bunker lip was high so Bhullar took out a high-loft 8-iron. As he was about to hit, a roar went up from the green ahead as Siddikur birdied the hole. Bhullar got tensed up as any other ordinary club player would. His nervy shot from the bunker sailed into the roughs to the right from where he had to bail out to the fairway as he could not approach the green. Standing in the fairway faced with a very challenging up-and-down from 60 yards to save par, Bhullar checked the scoreboard 10 times. He even double-checked with the rules official as to whether Siddikur was at 12-under-par and still a stroke behind him. His nerves settled down and Bhullar finessed a lob wedge to the flag and made the clutch putt to save par.Priests of honourThe quirks of golfing fortunes have evoked the use of such startling phrases as the game being a `devil's plaything'. But what can explain the hyper-reaction of burra sahebs, who came down like a ton of bricks on the three Shiwalik Golf Course (SEPTA), Chandimandir, caddie boys disqualified from the DLF Invitational Caddie Championship. The championship offered lucrative prizes: a Maruti Alto for the individual winner, Ritz for a hole-in-one, a motorcycle, vouchers worth Rs 30,000 for the winning team, Rs 18,000 for the runner's up and Rs 12,000 for the third-placed team, cellphones, eight wedge irons, golf shoes, bags, caps and balls. These prizes had the illiterate caddies salivating and all kinds of wrong entries were made. Six teams were disqualified from all over India. However, when the SEPTA team members got back to their home club they were greeted with a volley of criticism by the sahebs, who said that they had heaped infamy and insult on the club's fair name. The fault lay with the SEPTA authorities, who selected the team, for not obeying the stringent conditions imposed for entries by the organisers. The irony was, as one lad remarked, that had the caddies won the championship, very few sahebs would have offered praise or doled out rewards for bringing `honour' to the club!A bridge too farA narrow bridge straddles the crossway between the 12th and 17th holes at the picturesque Shiwalik Golf Course, Chandimandir. Entering from the 12th fairway side, a profusion of orange flowers garland the sides of the bridge. Col. (retd) Prem Kumar's fourball came across a juvenile Spectacled cobra which had taken up residence under the flowers. It would hiss at golfers' heels, thundering by just a few feet away, but would not vacate its heavenly abode. Fearing it to be a threat to human life, the senior officers playing with Col. Kumar ordered the jawans to kill the cobra, which was first smashed under boulders, hacked into three pieces with grass scythes and then thrown into the nallah. Col. Kumar's entreaties to spare the cobra's life fell on deaf ears. He sensed the cobra was nervous and ill in some way and was not posing any danger. A question of differing opinions, yes, but therein lies a tale of human evolution. In his younger days as a serving Artillery officer, Col. Kumar did not hesitate a second before jack booting a cobra that had crept under the carpet in the regimental mess. On another occasion while out for a stroll in the Pathankot cantonment, Col. Kumar had come across a cobra which was effortlessly dealt with by his walking stick. But age has deepened understanding of these creatures and introduced empathy for life-forms. The retired gunner says instead of visualising a cobra as death incarnate, he can now intuitively feel the cobra's pain and realise its helplessness.When blondes think hardA man entered the bus with both his front pockets full of golf balls and sat down next to a beautiful blonde. The puzzled blonde kept looking at him and his bulging pockets. After many such glances from her, the exasperated fellow confessed, hoping to put controversy to rest: ``Its golf balls''. Nevertheless, the blonde continued to look at him for a very long time, deeply thinking about what he had said. After several minutes, not being able to contain her curiosity and concern any longer, she asked: ``'Does it hurt as much as a tennis elbow?'' To which, the ardent golfer quipped: ``It certainly would, were you my wife!''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16403078", "title": "Gurgaon development plan changed for Gopal Kanda aides", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana government is silent over the \"circumstances\" in which it hurriedly tweaked the draft development plan of Gurgaon-Manesar urban complex 2031 to include a 40-acre land belonging to business partners of former Haryana home minister Gopal Kanda, now in jail in the Geetika suicide case.Principal secretary of town and country planning department S S Dhillon said the draft was changed only after a debate in the committee. \"If circumstances warrant, nothing in the prevalent law stops us from reframing the plan,\" he said. He, however, refused to say what the \"circumstances\" were.\"The industry department made a reference for further planning, stating that the SEZ is not making any progress and a piece of land has been returned by a developer. The municipal corporation (Gurgaon) wanted certain land to be included in the plan instead of keeping it as an agriculture zone.\"When asked whether only 40 acres of land was included in the revised plan, Dhillon said, \"I don't recall the exact figure. I only recall that after the final draft plan of year 2008, around 2,500 acres of land had been added in the draft plan.\" He said he was not aware who owned the 40-acre land \"because the development plan was not prepared seeing the ownership of the land but keeping in view the requirements of expansion of the city.\"In the first draft plan prepared on June 7, 2012, there was no mention of the 40 acres in Sector 68 of Gurgaon. The land was included in the second draft plan approved on August 29. Purchased in early 2012, its status was changed from agriculture to residential within three months of the deal.Kanda was arrested in connection with the suicide of his former employee, Geetika Sharma, on August 18. Eleven days after his arrest, the state-level committee approved the draft plan for the Gurgaon-Manesar belt.Real estate firm Sarv Realtors Pvt Ltd, which owns the 40 acres, has Navneet Kumar and Tej Prakash as directors. They are partners in Gopal Kanda's other firms. When the land was purchased, Kanda was minister of state for home and holding independent charge of the urban local bodies department.The firm had applied for a housing project to the Gurgaon corporation, which on May 17 replied that every physical development in Gurgaon is to be regulated in accordance with Gurgaon-Manesar development plan published in 2010. The corporation maintained the site was located in an agriculture zone. Later, the government allowed change of land use to add it to the residential zone.The state-level committee, under the chairmanship of chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda , had on August 29 directed the town and country planning department to publish the draft plan after carrying out the amendments in the official gazette for inviting objections. The committee also approved the addition of \"some\" area in Sector 37D and 68 of the residential area.One of the directors of the real estate firm, Navneet Kumar, refused to comment on the issue while another director, Tej Prakash, could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16403036", "title": "Sunday banking by end of current fiscal yr: SBI chief", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The State Bank of India has announced introducing Sunday banking in the state soon. The Sunday banking concept is already in vogue in a few selected cities in India and probably by the end of the current fiscal year the service would be launched in Jharkhand.SBI chairman Pratip Chaudhuri, who was here on a visit to launch a corporate social responsibility (CSR) project of the largest public sector bank in the country, has said Jharkhand is on the list of the states that have been indentified for introducing the Sunday banking model. \"The thought behind Sunday banking is to provide a particular day for banking to the people who otherwise find bit difficulty to take time out of their work (in office and elsewhere) and the model is designed for urban centers (ideally),\" Chaudhuri said here on Friday.Talking to the press after donating the keys of an ambulance to the Family Planning of India Jamshedpur unit-run hospital here, Chaudhri said the bank had planned much for the holistic growth of the state through CSR initiatives. \"We have identified 500 schools in the state for setting up water filter units under the CSR scheme in the current financial year,\" said Chaudhuri adding that his bank would also donate school buses to the deserving institutions in the months ahead. tnnIn the last fiscal year ending March 31 2012, the SBI has earned Rs 11,700 crore profit and 1% of the overall profit has been set aside for CSR projects (for the current financial year), said the Chairman.Chaudhuri also announced recruitment of 2,100 employers by end of 2012 in Jharkhand and Bihar circle. \"Shortage of staff is affecting the business work in this circle (Bihar and Jharkhand). Hopefully, the fresh recruitment will address this matter to some extent,\" said Chaudhri.Batting for the government on the fuel hike, the SBI chairman said international oil market regulated the domestic fuel tariff in the contemporary times. \"Banks have lost nearly Rs 50,000 crore in the past two quarters in running,\" said Chaudhuri maintaining that interest rates would remain higher till inflation stayed up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-15"}
