{"city": "None", "code": "15878071", "title": "Suchitra Krishnamoorthi files complaint against HSBC bank", "text": "Done waiting for HSBC to respond to her legal notice, Suchitra Krishnamoorthi files complaintIn March 2012, peeved with the careless approach of her bankers toward handling her investments, actress-singer Suchitra Krishnamoorthi had slapped a legal notice on Hongkong and Shanghai Bank Corporation Limited (HSBC) for alleged mismanagement of her funds. But the notice sent through her solicitors Dastur Dadhich &amp; Kalambi, failed to generate any response from the bank. Tired of waiting, Suchitra has now sent a written application to the Juhu Police Station complaining about the bankers.When contacted, Suchitra confirmed the news. She complained, \"They have still not provided me with the documents I demanded through my lawyer Kaustav Talukdar six months ago. The bank alleged through their lawyers Bharucha and Company that I had signed documents authorising them to invest on my behalf. This is completely untrue - I have not.\"When contacted, senior police inspector Arun Bhagat, Juhu Police Station confirmed and added, \"We shall conduct an enquiry in this matter.\"Suchitra explained that HSBC follows the practice of obtaining blank LOIs (Letters of Intent) from their clients and filling them up on their own will. \"Often, they don't even inform the client concerned. Obtaining blank LOIs is a clear violation of SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) and RBI (Reserve Bank of India) guidelines, which state that every debit made by the bank on any client's behalf, must have the client's corresponding mandate and signature. Failure to do so is fraud,\" Suchitra said.And thus, when the HSBC officers allegedly juggled her monies without her consent, Suchitra had to end up paying Rs 1.8 lakh as penalty for non-disclosure of her investments. \"My bank account was frozen by the income tax department. In short, I ended up committing an illegal act due to the unfair trade practices adopted by HSBC,\" she told us.Suchitra said she had to suffer losses adding up to a sum of Rs 2.11 crore. \"If I had indeed signed these documents, as HSBC alleges I have, why are they hiding them from me? Their claim that since these documents go back to 2004 and they need time to obtain them is bogus. I had been asking for these documents for the last one and a half years,\" an exasperated Suchitra said.Suchitra initially had a normal savings account with the bank. It was in 2004 that it got converted to a premier account. In 2007, she obtained a large sum of money as part of her divorce settlement. \"HSBC persuaded me to invest it and assured that they would make it grow,\" she revealed.But Suchitra started to suffer heavy losses. \"Every time I complained, they would simply change my relationship manager,\" she alleged. Desperate to fix her finances, Suchitra even appealed to the offices of Naina Kidwai and Douglas Flint, chairman of HSBC PLC. This too failed to get her justice. But Suchitra hasn't given up yet. To TOI she claimed, \"I will not back off till I get justice. I have truth on my side.\"Lawyers for HSBC declined to comment on the matter at this stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15866010", "title": "Miscreants overturn garbage bins to spill filth on roads", "text": "VARANASI: Varanasi municipal corporation is struggling to end the crisis generated after the A2Z stopped its services of disposing the solid waste. The condition is pathetic on roads due to overturning of garbage bins by mischievous elements. The VMC had not succeeded in identifying such elements while the cops are also not utilizing sections under Police Act to put a check on the malpractices of persons causing civic nuisance.The city started facing a serious crisis when A2Z stopped its services of solid waste collection and disposal from August 22. On the first day, many of its employees had staged a demonstration at VMC and overturned the garbage containers on many roads. It is hindering the vehicular movement. On Monday, similar problem was faced on the busy Kabirchaura-Maidagin road and Visheswarganj.Additional municipal commissioner Sachchidanand Singh said that the city health officer had brought the matter to his knowledge. He had sought a report. After getting the report, action would be initiated as per the prescribed law. He gave clean chit to A2Z employees in the overturning of garbage containers and said that they had indulged in such practices on August 22 only.BK Singh, who has been given additional charge of city health officer, said that no sanitary inspector is giving any written complaint in this regard and he was unable to lodge a FIR.SP (city) SK Singh said that the VMC is under pressure, hence initiating any legal action against it as per the provisions prescribed in Police Act to put a check on bid to cause civic nuisance is not feasible. He said that police were helping the agency to ensure that the problem of garbage disposal is solved as soon as possible.Mayor Ram Gopal Mohaley was angry with A2Z and said that the possibility of its employees in creating the nuisance cannot be denied. He said that he had already written a letter to the SSP to initiate stern action against the people found spreading garbage on the roads.The mayor, who also held a meeting with MLAs Shyamdeo Roy Chaudhury, Jyotsana Srivastava and Ravindra Jaiswal and officials of VMC and Jal Sanstan at his office on Monday to find out a solution, said that efforts are being made to procure private vehicles for the early disposal of garbage dumped along roads. It came to light that no owner of private trucks are ready to provide vehicles for garbage disposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15855620", "title": "Another power shocker: Fuel surcharge doubled", "text": "NAGPUR: If you are feeling that rates of electricity have unbearably high then there is more bad news for you. Just a month after the power tariff hike Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) has doubled the fuel surcharge of MSEDCL. The power distributor had been demanding since long that the 10% cap on fuel surcharge should be removed. MERC had proposed to increase it to 25% but due to strong opposition from consumers it has increased to 20% instead. It will come into effect from September.At present the average fuel surcharge levied by MSEDCL was 47.46 paise per unit. Now it can go up to 94.91 paise per unit. MERC has also decided that if any supplier needed more than 20% fuel surcharge recovery in future, it can seek the Commission's approval before charging consumers.So far MSEDCL was allowed to recover fuel surcharge up to only 10% of the basic tariff. This means that if your average basic tariff was Rs 3 per unit, MSEDCL could have levied a fuel surcharge of only 30 paise per unit. With the increase in cap it can now charge up to 60 paise per unit.The actual increase in fuel surcharge will be higher due to 15% electricity duty levied by state government on domestic consumers. On commercial consumers it is 16% plus a tax on sale of electricity (TOSE) is also levied. However, it is not necessary that the fuel surcharge will be up to 20% of the basic tariff. It will depend on increase in prices of coal, oil and gas.Industries will be worst suffers of this decision as a difference of up to 95 paise per unit will wreck their future plans. They are already hit badly due to extremely high power tariff in the state and steel and ferro alloys industries have shifted to Chhattisgarh where tariff is far lower.MSEDCL had recently pointed out to the Commission that it had recover Rs 1483 crore from consumers is six months because of its failure to recover the higher cost of fuel passed on to it by generation companies. This had led to tariff shock for consumers as their tariff had suddenly shot up. MSEDCL had contended that if the increase in fuel cost was recovered from consumers on monthly basis, such a hike would not have been needed.MERC agreed to MSEDCL's demand stating that its analysis of the monthly fuel surcharge since April 2009 had revealed that MSEDCL's requirement had crossed the ceiling recovery limit 17 times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15859455", "title": "SUV runs over kid in Naranpura", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A five-year-old boy, playing near his home in Naranpura, was run over by a speeding SUV on Monday afternoon, killing him on the spot. While the driver fled to escape the wrath of angry local residents, the irate mob damaged the car and also beat up the man accompanying the driver.Police officials said the incident took place at 1.30 pm near Lakhudi Talavdi. Sahil Dantani, a resident of Natubhai ni Chali near Rama Pir temple, was playing on the road near the temple when the SUV came from the opposite direction and honked. Startled, the kid tried to cross the road, but the speeding vehicle hit him and then run over him.\"Sahil sustained severe head injury and died on the spot before he could be taken to a nearby clinic. The driver managed to escape when he saw a crowd build, but the man accompanying him was surrounded. A police team rushed on the spot after hearing that the man was being beaten up,\" said a Naranpura police official. Local residents did not stop beating the man even after the police arrived. Some of them climbed into the police jeep to continue the beating. The SUV was also damaged. The residents alleged that the driver was drunk. \"We have got the name of the driver and have sent a team to nab him. Sahil was the younger of two children of his parents,\" said the police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15852896", "title": "Did Hakim committee goof up on calculations?", "text": "MUMBAI: Instead of a Rs 3 fare hike, you should be paying a rupee less for the minimum distance fare for autos. This revelation came from the Mumbai Grahak Panchayat (MGP), which has found anomalies in fare hike calculations by the Hakim committee.The committee's report, made public last Friday, recommended a hike of Rs 3, from Rs 12 to Rs 15, for the minimum distance. But Shirish Deshpande of the MGP alleged that it was a \"wrong calculation\".Calculations by consumer activists revealed that the minimum fare you should pay is Rs 11 (and not Rs 15), considering parameters taken into account by former Union secretary P M A Hakim.While government officials declined to react and Hakim was unavailable for comment, the MGP plans to petition the state transport department, challenging Hakim's formula. Sources said consumer activists may approach court if the recommendations were accepted without taking them into confidence.\"This is ridiculous. When we went through the 155-page committee report in detail, we found anomalies. The cost of living index was too high for auto drivers and calculations for fixed costs seemed to be on the higher side,\" he alleged.MGP's computation, using the same factors, turned out to be Rs 7.2 for a 1 km distance. Hakim had calculated this to Rs 10.15 per km.According to the activists' formula, the fare should be Rs 11 for a 1.5 km distance, but Hakim suggests it should be Rs 15 for that distance. \"We will ask the committee to clarify and if it can convince us that we are wrong, we are ready to take back our call for a protest. But the transport department should take up the matter seriously in the larger interest of commuters,\" Deshpande said.He has also opposed the minimum distance of 1.5 km and wants it to be 1 km.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "15864418", "title": "Minorities' panel member slams bureaucrats on welfare schemes", "text": "MALEGAON: Alleging that the bureaucrats at the state and local levels are not serious about implementing schemes chalked out for the minorities, a National Monitoring Committee for Minorities' Education (NMCME) member Shafi Dehlvi said that officials have shown negligence.\"The bureaucrats are expected to deliver their services honestly for the development of all sections of society. However most deny minorities the benefits,\" he said during his visit to Malegaon on Sunday.Dehlvi, who is also one of the members of Mapping Committee for Minorities Education constituted by the Union HRD Ministry was here to analyze how effectively funds for minorities are utilized.\"In recent years, crores of rupeeshave been sanctioned for the welfare of minorities and they have also been released to various state coffers. However, looking at the ground level we don't see any change. Where has the amount gone?\" he asked.Shafi Dehlvi was especially critical of what he termed as the 'total failure' of the bureaucrats in effectively implementing the schemes outlined in prime minister's 15-point program for the ninety minority-concentrated districts.He said he suspected that the minorities development funds had either not been properly utilized or had been diverted for some other purposes.\"The bureaucrats try to find out ways to divert the funds for some other purposes, and if not, they just unnecessarily hold them so that they do not reach to the right people\", he alleged.The issue was also raised during the meeting Shafi Dehlvi had with the managements of minority institutions and the local NGOs working for the minority development on Saturday late in the evening. It was alleged during the meeting that the special packages sanctioned in the name of Muslim minorities by the central government were twisted to 'favour' some other purposes at the time of implementation by the district administration.Plea for special status for MalegaonThe people of Malegaon during the meeting with Shafi Dehlvi urged the government to grant Malegaon a special minority status so that the city was benefited from the schemes outlined in the prime minister's 15-point program for ninety minority-concentrated districts.\"There are many schemes in the prime minister's 15 point program that need to be implemented in Malegaon. Hence we demand that the city is granted special minority status so that these schemes are extended to the city\", they said.The ninety minority-concentrated districts listed in the prime minister's 15 point program are selected based on the population where Muslim percentage is more that 20 percent. But since Malegaon, though has about 75% Muslim population, is not a district, it is not included in this list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15861604", "title": "Comunidade staff hopeful of solution to their woes", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa comunidade staff workers are hopeful that the chief minister, Manohar Parrikar , will deliver on his promise of finding a 'permanent solution' to their woes, given that they have not been paid their salaries since March 2012.It may be recalled that after the staff workers went on a week long pen down strike earlier this month, they were called to meet the chief minister and revenue minister in Panaji on August 14.\"We were happy with the discussions held with the chief minister who said he will find a permanent solution and that is what we want as this non-payment of salaries has become a recurrent issue every year,\" said Vivek Naik Desai, comunidade staff worker.The staff workers are still waiting and were hopeful that their salaries would have been cleared last Saturday. The workers have set August 31 as the deadline and will hold an internal meeting to discuss their next course of action if they don't receive their salaries.It may be recalled that the staff workers were last paid their salaries for the month of December (2011), January and February together in April 2012 after the new government sanctioned 20 lakh for the same.Government officials pointed out that similar assurances regarding a provision of a sum of 50 lakh had already been made in the assembly and that the government was looking into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15860474", "title": "It\u2019s brisk business for catering agencies", "text": "KOCHI: With more and more families preferring to stay away from kitchen during the festival days, the food catering agencies in the city are witnessing a boom in their business.They have been flooded with enquiries on Onam feasts like never before.To meet the increased demand, 30-40 caterers have come up tempting offers. While some are offering the complete Onam sadya, others are giving the option to customers to choose the dish they wish to buy. They said that the demand is too high for them to meet.\"We are offering a kit of minimum five meals for Rs 100, which includes 20 items. Of course, rice is not there in the menu as most people prefer to make their own at home. This year, we will be catering to 800 persons,\" said S Krishna Iyer, proprietor, Akshaya Catering, Tripunithura. He said most of the 800 tokens were sold out in an hour.The catering business owners have been doing brisk business owners as the concept of cooking at home during the festive days is slowly dying. \"Who would want to spend the whole time sweating out in the kitchen when we get to see our relatives only once in a while. It is easier to order most dishes and cook some simple items,\" said Rashmi Pillai, a software expert in Infopark.The big players in the business like Vinayaka Caterers have already stopped taking fresh orders. \"We have bookings for 5,500 people,\" said M Anantharaman, owner, Vinayaka Caterers.Apart from these major agencies, there are small operators catering to 40-50 people and even they are doing good business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15863070", "title": "Mamata Banerjee pitches for temporary court", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee will request Calcutta high court to start its circuit bench in Jalpaiguri with immediate effect. She'll lay the foundation stone of the bench on September 1.Chief Justice J N Patel, who had turned down the same proposal in July, is likely to be present in the function as the chief guest .The proposed temporary bench is supposed to be set up at Jalpaiguri dak bungalow. State officials said four rooms were made ready for the functioning of the circuit bench, but high court officials were not happy with the arrangement.The state government wants the circuit bench to start functioning immediately for the benefit of litigants from North Bengal. At present, they come down to Kolkata for hearing of their cases. Earlier, there had been a lot of litigations over the circuit bench as people of Siliguri wanted it in their locality. So the CM now wants to speed up functioning of the circuit bench so that people of North Bengal can get justice at their doorsteps.State law minister Moloy Ghatak hopes the temporary circuit bench will start functioning after the puja. \"There are some technical problems. High court staff has to be transferred to the circuit bench and then there are some procedural formalities, like presidential notification, before the circuit bench starts functioning,\" he said.\"It will cost Rs 100 crore for setting up the new circuit bench,\" Ghatak added. The chief justice of Calcutta high court will inspect the infrastructure and finalize the date to start the temporary court.Mamata is going to Jalpaiguri to lay the foundation stone of the new circuit bench on September 1, Chief Justice of Calcutta High Court J N Patel is likely to be the chief guest in the function. Mamata had earlier promised to the people of Jalpaiguri that she would be inaugurating the circuit bench in August. But the high court is not willing to start the circuit bench on a temporary basis right now.Justice Patel in July had turned down the proposal to start the temporary circuit bench as the new building of the circuit bench will take at least two years time to come up. As, there was infrastructural deficit and the high court was not happy with the infrastructure that was provided to it for running the circuit bench temporarily.The proposed temporary bench is supposed to be set up at a Jalpaiguri dak bungalow, which is not up to the standard according to the high court officials. State officials said that four rooms were made ready for the functioning of the temporary circuit bench, but the high court officials are not happy with it. As a number of court officials had visited the site of the temporary circuit bench.The state government wants the circuit bench to start functioning immediately as it can help the litigants of North Bengal. Otherwise the people have to come down to Calcutta High Court. There had been a lot of litigation earlier on setting up the circuit bench as people of Siliguri had wanted the circuit bench in Siliguri. So the CM now wants to speed up functioning of the circuit bench, so that the people of North Bengal can get justice at their door steps.Moloy Ghatak, state law minister said that they are hoping that the temporary circuit bench will be starting after the puja. He said that there are some technical problems for starting the court. The staff from the high court is to be transferred to the circuit bench and then there are some procedural formalities like presidential notification before the circuit bench starts functioning.Ghatak said that the cost of the new circuit bench will be over Rs 100 crore, as the government had to purchase the land from the Siliguri Jalpaiguri development authority near the National Highway. He said that the chief justice of Calcutta High Court will be inspecting the present infrastructure available and finalise when to start the temporary court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15869181", "title": "City's class act: Many are back to (etiquette) school", "text": "LUDHIANA: An MBA from a leading institute in Gurgaon, 39-year-old Mehul Jain works with a top real estate company in Ludhiana. When he got his management degree, he had never thought there would be a day when he would be back to school. But like many others, Mehul is currently a student at a popular etiquette training school on Pakhowal Road.Ahead of his meeting with a prospective client in Germany, Mehul's employers have sent him to this school so that his table manners are impeccable and there are no embarrassing gaffes.There are many young professionals in Ludhiana who have enrolled in such schools to brush up their manners in this growingly globalized society. While some are learning to sail through a seven or five-course meal, others are acquainting themselves with chopsticks and fork-knife culture. People are also joining to improve their accent and there are many takers for telephone training to handle offshore calls also. Interestingly, there are young girls whose fiance are settled abroad and who want to be at home with foreign culture, dresses, dance and cuisine.\"We have made different module courses for people between the age group of six to 50 years. We are teaching etiquette, table manners, telephone manners, how to dress up and effective communication skills. Many of my clients are youngsters working in MNCs and local businessmen who frequently visit abroad,\" said Roopa Pahwa, who is running her etiquette school at Pakhowal Road. Her school is affiliated with Etiquette School of Manhattan, New York.She added, \"Many are young girls who are going to marry NRI grooms. They are learning how to carry themselves impressively and improve their English. We are using various activities, role plays, audio-video presentations and workshops to teach our students.\" With offshore trips now more common than ever, these institutes come in handy to help people learn more about the etiquette and mannerisms of different countries.\"As distances become shorter, the difference between cultures and mannerisms also blur. To make sure people don't feel alienated when they go aboard, our institute aims at equipping them with the required social ways - be it table manners, conversation etiquette or dressing sense that is acceptable in the other country,\" said Manisha Sehgal, who is heading an etiquette school at BRS Nagar.\"We get queries from people who are shifting to different countries. This demand has increased manifold over the last few years. More importantly, today people are aware and want to make it easier for themselves to reside on foreign soil. They do not hesitate in making a greater effort,\" said Abhay Goel, faculty at one such institute in BRS Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15868281", "title": "Naxalites suffer maximum loss in Jharkhand: DGP", "text": "BOKARO: Director General of Police (DGP), G S Rath on Friday praised policemen saying that although the state has been known for its notorious naxalite activities in country, seized documents from naxalites also revealed that the outfit has suffered maximum loss in Jharkhand.\"Police after going through the recovered Naxalite documents found Maoists accepting that their outfit has been hit hard in Jharkhand. Maoists are facing a tough challenge from the Jharkhand police,\" said Rath while addressing the closing ceremony of Jharkhand State Level Shooting Competition-2012.Rath in his speech pointed out that this time very few police officers have participated in the competition owing to of dearth of officials in the state. \"However this was first time in past 18 years when appointment of SIs in the state has taken place. But still there is a need of more officers. State police requires 1000-1200 sub-inspectors of which few hundred vacancies have been filled up but still 700 more officers are yet to be recruited. There is also shortage of officials in direct DSP ranks. Anyway, despite inadequate manpower our force is doing well,\" said Rath.Rath said that whatever equipments police has got, the criminals or Maoists also obtain it in someway or the other. \"You should have to be professionally competent by knowing what technological advancement taking place around you. You should learn handling modern weapons.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15864826", "title": "Notice to 10 pvt hosps for failure to notify TB cases", "text": "INDORE: Health department has issued notices to 10 major city hospitals for not notifying the tuberculosis (TB) cases to health department despite repeated reminders. The department has warned Ureka Hospital, Synergy Hospital, Sri Guruteg Bahadur Hospital, Indore Cloth Market Hospital, Bhatia Nursing Home, Life Line Hospital, Life Care Hospital, Robert Nursing Home, Gokuldas Hospital and Nobel Hospital under the Clinical Establishment Act 2010 to notify cases, or be ready to face strict action.Dr Ashok Dagaria, Chief Medical and Health Officer (CMHO), said, \"The Union government has made it mandatory for all hospitals and nursing homes to notify TB cases to the health department. Earlier, we were waiting for hospitals to take initiative. Several hospitals have complied with orders, but a number of hospitals are still defying the orders. We have issued notices to such hospitals to submit report or face strict action.\"Nearly a month ago, ToI had reported that only six hospitals out nearly 200 hospitals submitted monthly report on TB patients enrolled with them. Those who were named have started obeying the orders. Nearly 40 hospitals, including nursing homes have started submitting monthly reports. Now, the department officials have issued notices to the hospitals who have been continuously neglecting the orders. The Union government had notified that state government have to submit complete information on all TB cases for effective control, reduce TB transmission and address the problems of emergence of drug resistant TB.Warning hospitals and nursing homes of cancelling registration Dr Vijay Chajjlani, district TB officer, said, \"Response to the circular to report TB cases is cold. We have been repeatedly reminding to submit report but now we will take action. We appeal to hospitals and nursing homes to submit details and support the department to make it a TB-free city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15860979", "title": "Association for new official at Chevayur hospital", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kozhikode branch of the Kerala Government Medical Officers Association (KGMOA) has submitted a memorandum to the director of health services (DHS) Dr P K Jameela to appoint superintendent at the Chevayur Government Leprosy Hospital to resolve the problems at the hospital.The memorandum was submitted two days ago after a doctor working at one of the government hospitals in the district has expressed willingness to take up the post of superintendent.The post has been lying vacant after the district medical officer (DMO) Dr P K Mohanan removed Dr S N Ravikumar from the post following protest by the inmates of the hospital last month.The action was initiated against him after an inquiry found that a tussle between him and the hospital cooperative society and welfare committee has resulted in frequent clashes at the hospital. Ravikumar is now posted at the Olavanna Primary Health Centre. The DMO then appointed Dr Daisy as superintendent-in-charge of the hospital. It is learnt that Daisy has submitted a letter to the DMO expressing difficulty in donning the double role of superintendent in-charge and doctor at the hospital.\"Now the situation is under control as Ravikumar is remove from the post. Appointment of a superintendent is a must for the smooth functioning of the hospital,\" said Dr C J Michael, president of the Kozhikode branch of the KGMOA.The post has been lying vacant after Dr S N Ravikumar was removed from the post following protest by the inmates of the hospital last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15870094", "title": "HRI prof felicitated by atomic energy commission", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Prof Ashoke Sen, distinguished professor at Harish-Chandra Research Institute (HRI), was felicitated by chairman Atomic Energy Commission Dr Ratan K Sinha on Monday.Registrar of HRI, Ravindra Singh said that the DAE Secretary and Chairman, Atomic Energy Commission, Sinha visited HRI to felicitate Prof Sen who has being awarded with the first fundamental physics prize. Dr Sinha also inaugurated the new buildings of the Institute and laid foundation of the new residential building.He further said that the award has been established by a Russian businessman and philanthropist Yuri Milner in 2012 (the richest prize to date) to recognize the tremendous intellectual achievements of theorists making great contributions to fundamental problems in physics. Instituting this prize was essential because very often outstanding contributions in theoretical sciences do not come under the ambit of the Nobel Prize because the Nobel recognizes only those theoretical contributions which have been experimentally verified. This experimental verification of the theory may often not happen in the theorist's lifetime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15851921", "title": "Cops granted bail in drug planting case", "text": "MUMBAI: Two police officers, who allegedly framed Provogue owner Salil Chaturvedi in a drugs possession case in 2005, were granted bail by the Bombay high court on Monday.Justice A M Thipsay granted bail to Subhash Kenjale and Madhukar Gatade on a sum of Rs 30,000 with surety of a like amount. They had moved the HC after the sessions court last week rejected their bail application.Chaturvedi was arrested under Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act in 2005 after 3 grams of cocaine was found at his residence. He was arrested and subsequently acquitted by the court of all charges. Kenjale investigated the case against Chaturvedi while Gatade was senior inspector in-charge of the airport police station in 2005.In his private complaint alleging that he was framed, the NDPS court directed a probe which was subsequently carried out by state crime investigation department.Their advocates argued that the state CID has filed a chargesheet on August 3, 2012, and therefore no custodial interrogation is required. Also, that all offences are bailable except Section 195 of Indian Penal Code which deals with giving or fabricating false evidence with intent to procure conviction of an offenceAdditional public prosecutor Usha Kejriwal opposed grant of bail, pointing out that although Kenjale and Gatade have retired, there is likelihood of them tampering with evidence. Observing that there is no reason to keep the duo in custody, the judge directed them to be released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15857072", "title": "Judicial remand for Abhishek Verma, wife till Sept 10", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Monday remanded alleged arms-dealer Abhishek Verma and his wife, arrested by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) in a money laundering case, in judicial custody for two weeks.ED officials produced Verma and his Romanian wife Anca Maria Neascu before the court after expiry of four days of police custody and the court remanded them in judicial custody till September 10 after the probe agency said that they were not required for further custodial interrogation.\"Both the accused are remanded in judicial custody till September 10,\" said additional chief metropolitan magistrate (ACMM) Gautam Manan.Verma and his wife were arrested on August 22 by the ED after they had moved an application to surrender in the case. The ED had earlier told the court that the case is having \"wide international ramifications\" and a case has been registered under the provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).ED had said that Verma and his wife were involved in the money laundering case of very high magnitude \"running into crores of rupees\".ED's prosecutor Naveen Kumar Matta moved an application and said that both the accused should be remanded in judicial custody as they have interrogated them. The ED had registered a money laundering case against the couple for allegedly receiving money from a Swiss defence firm to keep it out of the Indian government's blacklist.Verma is also an accused in the Naval War Room leak case in which Navy's commercial secrets were allegedly leaked to foreign firms. Ravi Shankaran, kin of former Naval chief Arun Prakash, is also an accused in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15864432", "title": "Union leader, 7 others in judicial custody", "text": "NASHIK: The general secretary of Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU) DL Karad and leader RS Pande, along with six others, have been remanded in judicial custody until September 10 for the attack on three officials of Dindori-based Everest Industries Limited on Friday.The two-day police custody the CITU general secretary and six others ended on Monday. Subsequently, there were produced before a local court which sent them to magisterial custody. The other accused include N C Patil, Nandu Mandalik, Keshav Matore, Deepak Patil and Nitin Kale. - Santosh SonawaneOn Friday, a meeting was scheduled between employees' union and management of Everest Industries of Dindori in the oficer of the deputy labour commissioner near Satpur to settle the issue of employees and their demands. Though both the parties left the premises of the deputy commissioner of labour on a positive note, to meet on Monday, someone who were armed with knives, attacked Deshpande, RR Rameshan and DN Tiwari within the premises, PD Deshpande had said in his complaint on Friday.Deshpande had charged the seven accused of attempt to murder. All the accused were arrested on the same night by the Satpur police. Meanwhile, the atmosphere in the Satpur industrial area has been tense ever since the incident and arrest of the CITU general secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "15867682", "title": "Tribal girl 'held captive' in Bangalore", "text": "ROURKELA: A tribal girl, who had gone to work in a readymade garment unit in Bangalore, is being allegedly held captive and tortured by a group of persons there. Her father has approached the district administration to get his daughter back. The victim, Lalita (18), daughter of Samaru Pradhan, of Sundargarh's Gaikanpalli village had left for Bangalore with her sisters Banita and Kabita on February 5. Lalita, a trained tailor, had got a job in the garment export factory.On August 19, 2012, she did not return home from her workplace. All inquiries by her sister at the factory did not bear fruits till August 24, when Lalita called up. She told her sisters that she was being held captive by four persons, who were also torturing her. But the telephone was disconnected as her kidnappers came and snatched the phone from Lalita, the sisters informed their father, Samaru.He informed the Hemgiri police station on Friday. A copy of his complaint was also submitted to the Sundargarh collector and superintendent of police. \"We are going to send a police team along with some of the family members of the victim to Bangalore,\" said SP (Sundargarh) Sanjib Arrora.The trafficking of tribal girls has become a cause of concern in Sundargarh district. In the last one year, five such cases have come to the fore. The role of several tailoring and other self-employment centres opened in the district has also come under scanner following allegations of trafficking by them.The Adivasi Ekta Mancha (AEM), a forum working for welfare of tribals, has demanded immediate intervention of district administration. \"We will launch an agitation if the administration does not initiate steps to recover Lalita and also take appropriate action to resolve trafficking issues,\" said one the office-bearers of AEM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15856375", "title": "East Delhi Municipal Corporation plans design contest for building", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the construction of a multi-storey office complex, East Delhi Municipal Corporation has come up with an innovative idea. The agency has decided to hold a contest to finalize the design of the new complex. Apart from the contract, the corporation will give a cash prize of Rs 1 lakh to the winner.The 10-storey office complex, which will be built in Shahdara, is expected to boost the corporation's revenue. Spread over 7,132 sq m, the complex will also have shopping space. Officials say the architects will be asked to submit a model of their design along with the financial bid. \"Till now, we used to ask for only the layout. Now, architects will have to submit a model. This will help us visualize how the building will look after completion,\" said S S Yadav, commissioner, East corporation.The corporation has also relaxed the eligibility criteria. Any architect with a minimum five years' experience can participate in the contest. \"This time we are not taking into account the architects' annual income or the firm's turnover. This is a good opportunity for young architects; it will also given us more options,'' said Yadav. Seventy percent weight will be attached to the design and 30% to the financial bid.The corporation will pay Rs 1 lakh each to the top three designs, and Rs 50,000 each to the next two designs worth commendation. \"Architects usually have to spend Rs 40,000-50,000 for making the model,'' said Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15859044", "title": "Suspension of 2 students for playing cards riles parents", "text": "CHENNAI: A city school has suspended two students found playing cards on the campus on Monday. The private matriculation school in Vepery has asked the two students to stay away from school for four days as punishment.Sources said that when the parents of the students found out about the suspension, they protested against the decision of the school management in the evening. School education department officials rushed to the spot to resolve the issue. \"The school head refused to withdraw the decision, saying that when students do something wrong on the school premises it was the responsibility of the school to correct the students and discipline them,\" said an official.Sources said the inspector of matriculation schools and the chief educational officer of the district held talks with the school management and the parents and resolved the issue. \"Parents expect students to be disciplined, but can't take it when the school authorities take measures to teach them the right way, \" said the head of another matriculation school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15850068", "title": "\u2018Adarsh decided to take civilians before Chavan\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A 1999 agreement between Adarsh promoters and ex-MLA Kanhaiyalal Gidwani may provide hope to former CM Ashok Chavan . An advocate associated with the case said Chavan could use the agreement to show that he had no role in the society's decision to allow civilians.The agreement dated June 9, 1999, was signed between former defence estate officer R C Thakur, retired Brigadier M M Wanchoo and Gidwani\u2014all promoters of Adarsh and the main accused in the case. The document was an agreement which allowed Thakur and Wanchoo to bring in 70% of the members, while Gidwani was to bring in 30% of the members to Adarsh. \"Till the date of this undertaking, our proposed society was exclusively for defence personnel from army, navy and air force or persons connected with defence services,'' Thakur had told the judicial commission of Justice (retired) J A Patil and member P Subrahmanyam earlier this month. \"Since we could not get allotment of land, we decided to induct civilians as per (this) agreement. For the first time, we started taking civilian members in the proposed society,\" added Thakur.\"The agreement was made a year before the June 2, 2000, meeting the trio had with then revenue minister Chavan. This could help Chavan to insist that he had no role in Adarsh deciding to include civilians, a major allegation against him,'' said the advocate, who didn't wish to be identified.According to the CBI, it was in the 2000 meeting that \"Chavan reportedly proposed the inclusion of civilians up to a ratio of 40% as members in the society\". The agency has based this on a letter the society wrote to the government which said that they were agreeable to accommodate civilians as discussed in the meeting with Chavan. \"This made room for the entry of civilians in the society,\" the CBI said in its chargesheet, adding that the former CM's intention was to obtain favours for his relatives who were allotted flats in Adarsh.Wanchoo, who initially told the commission that it was Chavan who suggested the inclusion of civilians, had later said he was unsure if the ex-CM had indeed made such a recommendation. He later told the commission that much before the 2000 meeting, the society had already decided to include civilians. Thakur is scheduled to return to the witness stand on August 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15850457", "title": "Metro digest", "text": "15 Somali pirates face murder chargesThe Sewri court framed charges against 15 Somali pirates for allegedly hijacking the vessel Prantalaya 14 in 2011. The accused have been booked for murder and face charges under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, Arms Act and abduction.Boy 'sexually abused'Vikhroli police on Monday arrested Gurmeet Singh (33), for reportedly attempting to sodomize his neighbour's nine-year-old son.Suicide at JJ HospA man, Rafiq Khan (32), committed suicide by hanging himself in a bathroom at JJ Hospital.Rlys releases e-magIndian Railways' first Hindi e-magazine, \"Srujan\", was released on Monday. The magazine is only available online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15868911", "title": "Father escapes after raping minor girl", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Police have booked Bunty Kumar, 32, for raping his 12-year-old daughter in Sector 31 on Sunday. The medical examination of girl confirmed rape allegations and an FIR has been registered at police station in Sector 31. Meanwhile, Bunty, a migrant labourer, managed to escape.The accused re-married after the victima??s mother passed away and his second wife is the complainant in the case. Sources in police said the incident came to light around 4pm when accused locked the minor inside his shanty and she raised an alarm. The second wife of accused heard her cries and came to her rescue, sources added. SHO of PS 31, Jaspal Singh, said the accused managed to escape, taking advantage of rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15862759", "title": "CBI gets sanction to prosecute docs in NRHM case", "text": "LUCKNOW: After several reminders from the CBI and stern orders from the Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court, the UP government finally issued prosecution sanction for 22 doctors and three employees in the state health and family welfare department in connection with the multi-crore National Rural Health Mission scam.Interestingly, the list doesn't include the name of Pradeep Shukla, former principal secretary of health and family welfare department and mission director during the scam period. State health minister, Ahmed Hasan, however, said that the sanction has nothing much to do with the high court order and that the chief minister had cleared the file much before that. P 3After this approval, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) will be free to register cases under various sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) against the accused. While Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav had been sitting over the CBI's request for prosecution of these officials and doctors, the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court (HC) had on August 23 rapped the state government for not allowing the prosecution and asked it to expedite the necessary approvals and report back on August 29.Sources in the department said that the CBI wants to question the doctors and employees in connection with two different cases (number 112 and 115). Both the cases relate to financial embezzlement at the office of the chief medical officer of the family welfare department which supposedly led to the sensational killing of three doctors associated with NRHM at the district level.Sources added that demand note for the first case contains 22 names of whom 20 are doctors. They are: Dr Chandrajeet Yadav, Dr Neelima Singh, Dr K U Saxena, Dr Chitra Singh, Dr R B Lal, Dr Sumedha Yadav, Dr Indu Bala, Dr Rekha Chowdhury, Dr Anjani Pant, Dr Sadhana Tripathi, Dr Kusumlata Gautam, Dr K N Anand, Dr S K Trivedi, Dr S K Trivedi, Dr R K Gupta, Dr M K Singh, Dr A K Pathak, Dr Neeta Srivastava, Dr Maya Chowdhury, Dr C K Jaiswal and Dr Chitra Saxena. Clerk P C Verma and health education officer Kamlesh Singh also find mention in the list.The second case has 10 names of whom nine are doctors while one is a clerk. Seven of these doctors have their names in the first case list as well. These are: Dr A K Shukla, Dr Chandrajit Yadav, Dr Neelima Singh, Dr Arun Kumar Chowdhury, Dr C K Jaiswal, Dr Sumedha Yadav, Dr Anjani Pant, Dr Geeta Bharti, Dr Chitra Singh and clerk Sanjay Anand.Like its predecessor, the Akhilesh government had been sitting over the sanctions even as the CBI had sent a request letter to the state government on May 23, seeking prosecution of the 22 doctors and three government employees. Sources in the CBI said that more than five reminders were sent to the UP government in connection with the two letters but the response was disappointing for the sleuths probing the case for the last one year.The government swung into action after the High Court pulled up the state government on August 23. Justice Imtiaz Murtaza and Justice Ashvani Kumar Singh also called for principal secretary, health and family welfare, Sanjay Agarwal's immediate personal appearance to explain the cause of delay.However, addressing reporters on Monday morning, health and family welfare minister, Ahmed Hasan said that the sanctions had nothing to do with proceedings in the high court. \"The chief minister had signed the document much before the court order came. Our government is dedicated to the cause of eliminating corruption from the health department,\" Hasan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15859993", "title": "Two day wait for people as flight to Colombo delayed", "text": "CHENNAI: More than 130 passengers of a Colombo-bound Air India Express flight with 154 passengers aboard, which was scheduled to leave Chennai airport at 10.20am on Sunday, will now leave for the Sri Lankan capital by another flight on Tuesday morning. A major snag in the plane was said to be the cause for the delay. About 20 of the passengers, who had been put up in various hotels in the city, left in flights operated by private airlines late on Monday.At 7am on Sunday, officials said, all passengers had reported at the airport and were waiting to board the flight after completing security checks. When there was no report on the take-off till noon, the passengers protested. The airline authorites said a minor snag had occurred and that the flight would leave at 2.30pm. The passengers were shifted to various hotels for lunch and told that steps were being taken for the plane's departure. Later, when the hotel staff said dinner had been arranged, the passengers realized there was a major fault.The long wait spilled into Monday and the airline officials said they were awaiting the arrival of a spare flight from Mumbai. They said it was expected on Monday night and told the harried passengers that they would definitely leave for Colombo later in the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15854054", "title": "Woes resurface with potholes, jams", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's tall claims of preparedness fell flat on Monday as the city received heavy showers. Complaints of traffic snarls, clogged drains, potholed roads and tree collapses provided the same dreadful monsoon narrative Mumbaikars have become weary of. In the eastern suburbs, one person was injured in a building collapse.The ill-preparedness was most visible on the city's roads. Till evening, the BMC received complaints about 216 potholes, of which only one pothole was filled. In the western suburbs, waterlogging on parts of S V Road and Link Road brought traffic to a halt. At least 16 tree collapses were reported from around Mumbai: four from the island city, nine from the western suburbs and three from the eastern suburbs.Saurabh Agarwal, a resident of Andheri, said, \"It was a pathetic start to the week. Several parts of S V Road were submerged and chock-a-block with vehicles. It took me about two hours to reach my office in Worli whereas it usually takes me half that time.\"Aftab Siddiqui, a member of the Linking Road Residents' Association, said, \"The rains have exposed the civic body's sub-standard pre-monsoon preparations. From bad roads to overflowing gutters, today's scenes show that the BMC is only capable of making false promises.\"Waterlogging was also witnessed at Mahalaxmi, Hindmata and Andheri subway. Traffic moved at a snail's pace on the Western Express Highway and at Parel, Wadala, Elphinstone Road, Currey Road, King's Circle, Dadar and, for awhile, at sea link. \"Particularly heavy traffic was reported on the highway near Vakola between 10am to 11am. The situation was brought under control after 11.30am,\" a senior traffic police official said.At Kureshi Nagar in Kurla, a house in a chawl was swept away in a minor landslide at 11.30am. No injuries were reported since the house was empty at the time. Civic officials claimed the chawl's residents had been given eviction notices in advance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15861637", "title": "2 killed, 3 injured in road mishap", "text": "PATNA: Two persons were killed on the spot and three others sustained injuries when the auto rickshaw in which they were travelling, overturned at a bridge near Brahmsthan under Daniyawan police station in Patna district on Monday.Daniyawan police station SHO L M Singh said the auto that was carrying five workers, was on the way to Patna from Nalanda. As the vehicle was crossing a bridge near Bramhsthan, it overturned killing Dukhit Rai, a native of Manikbigha in Nalanda district, and Jawahar Sao, a native of Chandi in Nalanda district, he said.Tyres looted: Armed criminals took a truck driver Bhola Choudhary hostage near village Viruachak under Mehndiganj police station and removed its four tyres on Sunday night.Mehndiganj police station SHO Sujay Vidyarthi said the four criminals stopped a truck near Viruachak and took its driver hostage at gunpoint. Bhola has lodged a complaint in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15854586", "title": "Cop dies of heart attack", "text": "PUNE: Nandkishor Jangam, 53, a police inspector attached to the state criminal investigation department(CID), died of heart attack on Monday morning.Police inspector of the Kothrud police station S B Navale said Jangam had gone to a gym in Bhusari colony in Kothrud. \"He suffered a massive heart attack before he could start exercising,\" he added.People in the gym rushed Jangam to a nearby private hospital where he was declared dead on arrival.After working in the Indian Air Force for 15 years, Jangam had joined the state police force in 1995 as a sub-inspector. He was promoted as police inspector a year ago and transferred to the state criminal investigation department.Jangam is survived by wife advocate Sunita Jangam, a son and a daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15856507", "title": "Kandas freed in cheque bounce case", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a relief to former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda, a trial court on Monday acquitted him and his brother Gobind in a 14-year-old cheque bounce case as they settled the matter with the complainant by paying Rs 4.10 lakh.Kanda, who is also an accused in the Geetika Sharma suicide case, and his brother were let off by the court after both parties informed it that the matter had been mutually settled. \"In view of the statement of the AR (authorised representative) of the complainant, the present case is disposed of as compromised, and the accused (Kanda and his brother Gobind) are acquitted...,\" metropolitan magistrate Vikrant Vaid said.During the hearing, representative of the complainant M/s Indo Polycoats Pvt Ltd, told the court that the dispute has been settled, and sought permission to withdraw the case. The plea was allowed. The counsel for the complainant, Dharmender Priani, said nothing remained as the matter has been amicably settled and the accused have already paid the outstanding Rs 4.10 lakh.The Kanda brothers, who were declared proclaimed offenders last year after they did not appear before the court, were arrested only after the magisterial court on August 16 issued a non-bailable warrant against Gopal Kanda in connection with the suicide of 23-year-old former air hostess Geetika Sharma.Gobind got bail after being produced before the court on August 18. However, Gopal, who is in police custody in the suicide case, had sought exemption from personal appearance and this was allowed by the court.The cheque bounce case was registered in 1997 against Gobind and Gopal on the complaint of Indo Polycoats Pvt Ltd, engaged in manufacturing of coated fabrics and vinyl flooring. In August 1997, the complainant had got a request from Kanda's company \u2014 Kanda Polymers \u2014 for supply of coated fabrics.Two cheques of Rs 2 lakh and Rs 2.10 lakh were issued by Gobind, as authorised signatory of the firm, in the name of the complainant firm and a case under the Negotiable Instruments Act was filed against the Kanda brothers as the cheques got dishonoured due to \"insufficient\" balance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15862434", "title": "DNA may have predated origin of life itself", "text": "LONDON: Scientists are closer to demonstrating that DNA can form spontaneously from chemicals thought to be present on the primordial Earth suggesting that DNA could have predated the birth of life itself.Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) is essential to almost all life on Earth, yet most biologists think that life began with Ribonucleic acid (RNA). Just like DNA, it stores genetic information.Prebiotic chemists have so far largely ignored DNA, because its complexity suggests it cannot possibly form spontaneously, the New Scientist reported. Conventional wisdom is that RNA-based life eventually switched to DNA because DNA is better at storing information. In other words, RNA organisms made the first DNA.\"The story makes more sense if DNA nucleotides were naturally present in the environment. Organisms could have taken up and used them, later developing the tools to make their own DNA once it became clear how advantageous the molecule was - and once natural supplies began to run low,\" Christopher Switzer of the University of California , Riverside said.RNA can also fold into complex shapes that can clamp onto other molecules and speed up chemical reactions, just like a protein, and it is structurally simpler than DNA, so might be easier to make. In 2009 researchers finally managed to generate RNA using chemicals that probably existed on the early Earth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15858971", "title": "Vice-Admiral Shekhar Sinha to head Western Naval Command", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Tuesday announced that Vice-Admiral Shekhar Sinha, who was commissioned as a fighter pilot in the naval executive branch in June 1974, will be the new chief of the Western Naval Command in Mumbai.Vice-Admiral Sinha will replace Vice-Admiral D K Joshi, who will take over as the new Navy chief on August 31 from outgoing chief Admiral Nirmal Verma. Vice-Admiral S P S Cheema will replace Vice-Admiral Sinha as the chief of the tri-Service integrated defence staff.Vice-Admiral Sinha, who has over 2,700 hours of flying experience in 18 different types of aircraft and is the senior most naval aviator, has also commanded a variety of warships as well as the western fleet during his 38 years of service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15869844", "title": "Indian Council for Child Welfare push for awareness on bravery award", "text": "RANCHI: The Indian Council for Child Welfare (ICCR) has directed all its affiliated Bal Bhavans and Bal Kendras in the country to circulate the scheme of National Bravery Award so that all deserving candidates are identified and their names reach the selection committee on time.Ganesh Reddy, the state representative commissioner for National Protection of Child Rights, said, \"Bravery Awards every year is presented to children for their brave efforts, but most of the time many such children and their efforts especially in states like Jharkhand go unnoticed. The award is given by the Prime Minister on the eve of Republic Day every year.\"He said to ensure that brave acts of the children did not go unnoticed and the selection committee identified their efforts, strict directions had come from the president of the ICCR to circulate the scheme to all affiliated Bal Bhavans and Bal Kendras. \"In this way the right candidate will get selected from all the states as there is little awareness among many people regarding this issue,\" Reddy said.Apart from the bravery Awards, many students get selected for the Bal Shree camp at the national level. \"Bal Shree is equivalent to the civilian award Padamshri. The National Bal Shree Camp 2011 will be a five-day event starting October 1. Here children from different states competes in various competitions like creative art, creative performance. This time, Shubra Vaid from Jharkhand has been selected in the category of creative scientific innovation and Nikhil Ranjan has been selected for creative art who will now compete at the national level and for the Bal Shree award,\" said Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15866761", "title": "Don't fast-track U-19 stars to senior team: Experts", "text": "MUMBAI: Watching India's U-19 captain Unmukt Chand destroy the Aussie bowlers in Townsville on Sunday made many feel the Delhi batsman was ready for international cricket.Lending credence to such thoughts were the comments from former Australian skipper Ian Chappell, who felt Chand and left-arm spinner Harmeet should be fast-tracked into the Indian team.The notion that India may have unearthed talents who are ready to play at the senior level in their teens is exciting, but experts say there is a danger in getting carried away by performances in this grade of cricket.\"Just because Chappell is saying this, we need not do it,\" says former India all-rounder Madan Lal, \"Tell him to first pick the Oz U-19 youngsters for the Aussie team. Our junior teams have always been the most talented in the world. It is the transition to the senior team that they find difficult. If we fast-track them to senior cricket and if they fail, we could lose some rare talent.\"Kiran More, a former chairman of the national selection committee, says, \"Winning the U-19 World Cup is a great achievement but let's look at it in perspective. U-19 cricket is totally different from senior cricket, although it looks attractive on TV. To fast-track somebody from there into the national team may just kill that player's career. Sachin Tendulkar playing for India at 16 was exceptional. Players like me and Ravi Shastri too went through the grind after playing U-19 cricket for India.\"Another former chairman of the selection committee, ex-India captain Dilip Vengsarkar, said, \"It is entirely up to the selectors (whether to fast-track these players). As a selector, you need to have an eye for talent, courage of conviction and a vision. I selected Virat Kohli for an ODI series in Sri Lanka after watching him score a hundred against New Zealand 'A' in a tournament Down Under.\"There is a danger of giving a youngster too much too soon and seeing him perish to the pressures of top-level cricket. \"We pushed Piyush Chawla from U-19 cricket to play a Test against England in 2006 but it didn't work,\" says ex-India opener VB Chandrasekhar, who was a national selector.\"There is no point in rushing someone from U-19 cricket to international cricket unless that player is exceptional,\" says former India opener Lalchand Rajput, who coached the national team to the World T20 triumph in 2007 and recently was the coach of the India 'A' team in the Windies.\"There is no point in making them play one international match, seeing them fail and then dropping them,\" says former India batsman Pravin Amre, a former junior chief selector.So, what exactly, should the path be from here for India's U-19 heroes? \"The process in place is perfect. Make them play U-22 cricket, first-class cricket and pick them for the A tours,\" More says. \"From here, the role of the state association is critical. The next two years are vital for these youngsters. These players have to play in Ranji Trophy and perform,\" says Amre.And what about IPL? \"Ideally, they should be staying away from the IPL for a couple of years, because T20 cricket affects their game,\" Lal said.Others, however, differ. \"You can't protect anyone. They have to learn to adapt, and if they fail, you have to blame the individual, not the system,\" says Chandrasekhar. \"They have to aspire for the Test cap first,\" says Amre. One can only hope that most of these colts survive the journey to the top. Too many tend to miss out.THOSE WHO MADE ITWhich players from India's two previous U-19 WC-winning teams went on to play for India? TOI presents the lineups from the final in 2000 and 2008.2000: FIVE PLAYERS OUT OF THE XI WENT TO REPRESENT INDIAMohammad Kaif: Played Tests &amp; ODIsYuvraj Singh: Played Tests, ODIs &amp; T20IsRS Sodhi: Played ODIsAjay Ratra: Played Tests &amp; ODIsVenugopal Rao: Played ODIsTHOSE WHO MISSED OUT:Manish Sharma, RS Ricky, NK Patel, Anup Dave, M Tripathi, Shalabh Srivastava2008: THREE PLAYERS HAVE PLAYED FOR INDIA SO FARVirat Kohli: Played Tests, ODIs &amp; T20IsSaurabh Tiwary: Played ODIsRavindra Jadeja: Played ODIs &amp; T20IsSTILL WAITING IN THE WINGS:T Kohli, SP Goswami, TM Srivastava, Manish Pandey, Iqbal Abdulla, Pradeep Sangwan, S Kaul, AK Argal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15861285", "title": "Ex-Army chief Gen V K Singh exhorts youth to fight corruption", "text": "PATNA: Former Army chief Gen VK Singh on Monday exhorted the people particularly youths to rise to the occasion as politicians of all parties are trying to ruin the future of the nation by devaluing democratic institutions and values.Singh was speaking at a seminar on 'Eradication of Corruption and Social Responsibilities: Opportunities and Challenges'.He said all democratic institutions like CAG , judiciary and even Election Commission have become a subject of criticism by politicians. \"Whenever these constitutional authorities start acting against corrupt politicians or political parties, they are criticized by these corrupt people. These politicians have not spared even the army who dedicate their life for the cause of the nation,\" he said, adding the country is passing through a difficult phase as corruption has taken a monstrous shape retarding the process of development.Recalling Bihar's students' agitation led by JP in 1974, Gen Singh said the state has always fought for the cause of the nation and led the country from the front. \"It had then changed the political profile of the country. Now time has once again come for the youth of the state to rise to the occasion to take the country out of present morass. I am ready to give them the leadership,\" Gen Singh said.He advised youths to inculcate the same kind of unity among themselves that was prevalent during freedom struggle. \"During freedom struggle, there was one goal that country attains Independence and everybody gets proper livelihood. It was because of this reason that people united against the Britishers. We need the same kind of unity now to throw out corrupt politicians who have ruined this country,\" Singh said.\"It seems, like Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose's slogan, 'tum hamein khun do hum azadai denge', our leaders have developed a new slogan - 'tum hamein paisa do, hum tumhen kaam denge'. Corruption has crept into their blood,\" he said.He further said the government at the centre has failed on every front. \"They talk about GDP growth rate but it doesn't fill one's belly. In India, democracy has been reduced to election politics which normally is guided by top business houses. In such a situation common people can't fight election. This trend has to be altered.\"Former DG Manoje Nath said corruption can't be erased by law alone. \"It is unfortunate that constitutional institutions are being attacked. It is a dangerous trend and has to be changed. Laws are adequate but whether these are being enforced effectively or not is to be seen.Retired bureaucrat I C Kumar, U K Singh, Chairman of Bihar legislative council Awdhesh Narain Singh, Gandhian Nirmal Bhai and A K Nayak also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15859863", "title": "Dalit woman beaten up for opposing eve-teaser in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A dalit woman was allegedly beaten up in Mohamadpur Rohi village of Haryana's Fatehabad district after she stopped a youth from eve-teasing her daughter.The police lodged an FIR against Baljeet Singh, 21, who is from an upper caste, on Sunday a day after the incident.The girl, 19, is a Bcom student in a private college of Fatehabad. \"Baljeet used to pass objectionable remarks against the girl and she had even changed her college following the harassment,\" said a police officer quoting the complainant. \"On Saturday, she was standing at the bus stop in the village when Baljit started eve-teasing her. The girl went to her house to call her mother. The accused started beating up the mother when she asked the youth to stop troubling her daughter,\" he added.On the complaint of girl's father, the police have registered a case under section 294 (obscene acts), 323 (assault) and SC/ST (prevention of atrocities) Act.\"There are reports that Baljeet was also beaten up after the incident, though, no complaint has been filed in this regard,\" said DySP Shamsher Singh Dahiya, who is investigating the case.SP, Fatehabad, Satender Kumar Gupta said the investigations are on and the accused would be arrested soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15861701", "title": "Five toll plazas proposed on Expressway project", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh Public Private Partnership Monitoring Committee on Monday finalised the alignment of the Agra-Lucknow Green-Field Eco-Friendly Expressway Project. Reviewing the progress of its implementation, infrastructure and industrial development commissioner, Anil K Gupta examined the draft concept report submitted by consultants Redicon India Pvt Ltd and approved the final alignment proposal of an approximately 270-km-long six-lane (extendable to eight lanes) expressway starting from proposed Agra Ring Road close to Yamuna Expressway, passing through Fatehabad, Shikohabad, Saifai, NH-92 near Etawah, NH-91 near Kannauj, NH-25A near Malihabad, and finally culminating at Inner Ring Road in Lucknow.According to the draft concept report, the consultants have proposed five toll-plazas, eight interchanges with 7.5 metres service lane along the expressway and 80 under passes, 135 cattle passes and four public amenities. The draft concept report has also fixed a project execution time of three years.The state government also asked the consultants to incorporate design parameters for a speed of 120 km/hour on the proposed expressway. The committee also observed that it should be clearly specified in the concept report that the concessionaire will have to acquire land himself, while the state government will only facilitate the acquisition. Moreover, the final concept report will also include provision for optional annuity or toll-based revenue models, setting up two fuel stations, linkages to existing industrial clusters of potato-based food processing in and near Agra, glasswork of Firozabad, Attar (perfume) industry of Kannauj and the leather industry in Kanpur. Gupta said, \"The finalised alignment has been derived on the criteria of maximum utilisation of barren, waste and low cost land in the area. To make the expressway economically inclusive, small Mandis have been proposed, as they will benefit farmers, schooling facilities for their wards and medical-care facilities will be developed along with eco-friendly green belt and water bodies with a view to protect environment and rain harvesting.\"Gupta also said the consultants have been asked to include alternative bidding processes for selecting developers for the entire expressway as a single project or in small pockets of growth centres. \"In addition, master-plans of cities along the alignment must also be synchronised with the expressway, so that, there is no hurdle in execution of project later on,\" Gupta said.The final comments on the project by UP Expressways Industrial Development Authority will be made available to the consultants by early September after which the final concept report will be accepted by the PPP Monitoring Committee.Apart from reducing travel time between Agra and Lucknow to three hours from the present seven, the access-controlled expressway will help the swift transportation of perishable farm produce to bigger markets, apart from boosting tourism.The six-lane expressway, that seeks to reduce the distance between the two cities from the existing 350 kilometres to 274 kilometres, will pass through Yadav-dominated belt comprising Etawah, Mainpuri and Kannauj districts.Proposed to come up at an estimated cost of about Rs 9,800 crore, the project aims to reduce the travel time between Lucknow and Agra from 5 hours to 3.5 hours. The expressway will be ready by 2016.Government may put in place the annuity-based system to decide on the toll that will be charged from commuters. Infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta said the system would ensure that the developer doesn't quote arbitrary toll rates.\"The traffic volume will be ascertained every year and accordingly the toll rates will be decided,\" Gupta said.While reviewing the project during a presentation, UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said the expressway will help farmers to ship their produce far and wide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "15859450", "title": "Militant hideout busted near Jammu", "text": "JAMMU: Security forces on Sunday busted a militant hideout in Jammu &amp; Kashmir's Ramban district and found a huge cache of arms and ammunition.A joint team of the Rashtriya Rifles and state police launched the operation in the district's Sarnihal forest, around 140 km from Jammu. They found two kg explosives, detonators, AK-47 ammunition, under barrel grenade launchers (UBGL) and five improvised explosive devices (IED).\"Following specific inputs, security forces busted a well-concealed militant hideout,\" said defence spokesperson Col R K Palta. Several Pakistani and Chinese pistols, magazines, binoculars and various types of rifles were also found.\"We also recovered Pakistani currency, blankets and cooking oil,\" said Palta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15859672", "title": "India ranks 11th in 'domestic refugees' list", "text": "NEW DELHI: India, dubbed 'the melting pot of cultural diversity', is also home to the world's 11th largest population of 'Internally Displaced People' (IDP). These people are forced to relocate fearing religious, ethnic or other persecution in conflict-induced situations. India and Turkey are the only 'stable' country in the list of 12 nations which have witnessed forced migration of a million or more. Others are either ravaged by ongoing wars or are recovering from major recent tragedies. Seven of these 12 countries are ranked under 20 in Foreign Policy magazine's failed state index.These numbers come from the IDP database created by the Norwegian Refugee Council (NRC). The database, which was created at the UN's request, is run by NRC's Geneva-based Internal Displacement Monitoring Centre (IDMC) and is unique in being the only provider of global IDP figures.According to IDMC's conservative estimates, there were over 5.06 lakh IDP in India as of December 2011. This included 79,000 in the country's northeast. IDMC's August 8 alert reports 4 lakh people displaced in Assam, which was triggered by the recent riots. Adding these numbers to the December figures takes India's IDP population to 9.06 lakh.This is significantly higher than the notorious and much publicised terrains of war-torn Afghanistan, South Sudan, Occupied Palestinian Territory (West Bank and Gaza Strip), Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina and so on. Of course, these countries have much smaller populations, so the proportion of their populace that is internally displaced is much higher than in India's case.With 4.79 lakh IDPs, India's northeast has witnessed the biggest exodus of people who were forced to leave their homes. The Kashmiri Pandit diaspora , estimated at 2.5 lakh, constitutes India's second largest IDP population. Naxal violence has forced about 1.5 lakh people to leave their homes while another 29,000 are displaced by communal violence in Gujarat and Orissa.IDMC estimates that there are about 2.64 crore internally displaced people across the world. Sadly, this number is increasing over the years. In 1989, since when the data is available, there were 1.65 crore people who had to leave their homes because of conflict-induced hardships. The past two decades have witnessed an increase of about 60% in this number.The Colombian armed conflict, which is ongoing since the late 1960s, has displaced the maximum number of people. It is estimated that there are about 39 to 55 lakh IDPs in that country. Similarly, the conflicts and insurgency in Iraq, Sudan, Syria , Somalia and Pakistan have displaced millions.Nigeria, Zimbabwe and the Democratic Republic of Congo are not going through major wars but they have a history of recent conflicts and their governments are criticised for being among the world's most non-functional and corrupt regimes.The UNDP estimates that Operation Murambatsvina - the Zimbabwean government's campaign to forcefully clear the slums -- has affected about a million people. Congo- DR on the other hand was the theatre of Africa's deadliest war which was fought between 1998 and 2003. The war reportedly killed over 5.4 million people (figure disputed by some experts) and displaced millions more.Similarly, the Algerian civil war, which started in 1991, lasted for more than a decade. The Maghreb - Northwest Africa - is also subject to insurgency which is ongoing since the early 2000s. The Turkish-Kurdish conflict is ongoing since the last four decades. At its peak, which was in the 1980s and 1990s, it also affected thousands of lives.Analysing the year-on-year trend, it appears that India has a relatively stable IDP population. In 2001, there were about 5 lakh internally displaced people. Following the Gujarat riots, this number increased to 6.5 lakh in 2002. It came down to 6 lakh in 2004 and remained constant until 2007. In 2008 and 2009, the IDP population further reduced to 5 lakh. During this period, the Naxals and the subsequent government operations against the insurgents caused forced displacement of people in Andhra Pradesh , West Bengal and Chhattisgarh. Also, the communal riots in Kandhamal forced thousands to take shelter in camps. The IDP population again touched 6.5 lakh in 2010, but came down to 5 lakh in 2011 before the current Assam violence pushed it up again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15871801", "title": "The decision to stop operations at the Sesa Goa coke plant will come as a relief", "text": "The decision to stop operations at the Sesa Goa coke plant will come as a relief to affected villagers. To ensure that this respite is not of a temporary nature, the company must follow conditions stipulated in the consent to operate, which Goa state pollution control board found were not being adhered.The company erred, it must make amends. If it is to restart operations, the government, which has been silent till now, has to play a major role in gaining the confidence of the residents of Navelim. Unless that happens it would be difficult for the company and villagers to coexist in harmony.Related story : Goa pollution board halts Sesa coke plant activities", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15864674", "title": "CCTV cameras to be set up at Udyog Bhavan", "text": "NASHIK: To enhance the security environment in and around Udyog Bhavan, which houses offices of government departments like the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC, office of dy. labour commissioner, the FDA and others, a network of closed-circuit television (CCTV) cameras are to be installed at strategic locations.The announcement comes close on the heels of labour unrest in the Nashik industrial areas following the attack on three senior officials of Dindori-based Everest Industries Ltd in the Udyog Bhavan premises.The decision to instal CCTVs at Udyog Bhavan was taken at Zilla Udyog Mitra (ZUM) meeting held on Monday by joint director (Industry) Pradeep Daberao. The attack on three officials of Everest Industries Ltd by the company workers was condemned by all present. The officials were returning after the meeting with the union office-bearers at the deputy labour commissioner's office last week. They were attacked inside the Udyog Bhavan.\"As precautionary measure, it has been decided to instal CCTV cameras at strategic locations in Udyog Bhavan,\" said the joint director (Industry) P Daberao. Collection of labour cess by the MIDC was also discussed in the meeting. The Joint Director (Industry) asked the Dy Labour Commissioner to submit the circular over labour cess from its State Labour Commissioner's office to the MIDC.The industrial associations has alleged that the MIDC has been recovering Labour cess wrongly from all companies. Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) and Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) have been following up the issues for the last few months.The MIDC charges labour cess of 1% of the total construction cost from industries. The cess is collected while sanctioning construction plans. The revenue collected through labour cess is deposited directly into the accounts of Maharashtra Building and Other Construction Workers Board. This fund is then spent for the welfare of labourers across the state.Speaking to TOI, Suresh Mali, President, Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA), said, \"The way MIDC is recovering labour cess is completely wrong. Companies under the Factory Act have been excluded from the labour cess, but MIDC recovers cess in a blanket manner. During a recent state-level meeting of the Rajya Udyog Mitra, the Labour Department had clarified that companies which are under the Factory Act are not applicable for paying cess. We had informed the MIDC to follow up the labour department's guidelines, but it did not.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15856720", "title": "Railways probing \u2018assault\u2019 on Goa-bound train", "text": "NEW DELHI: The railway police, investigating a Manipuri student's allegations of him being assaulted inside a Goa-bound train, claim that his statement is full of loopholes. The 24-year-old had alleged that he had been beaten up and robbed of his belongings by four men on board Goa Express.\"He said there were several passengers in the train. We have contacted them but haven't found a single witness,\" said an officer. Another railway officer, however, said that they are not taking the case lightly. \"This incident comes days after the death of four people inside a train in West Bengal. These cases are required to be investigated from all angles,\" said an officer.The victim, a hotel management student in Goa, was returning after a stay in Chandigarh. He boarded the train at Nizamuddin station around 12pm. He claimed that more than two hours later, four men barged into his compartment and started beating him up .\"They punched me on the face and broke my spectacles. They also snatched my gold chain, two mobile phones and cash. They continued to punch and kick me on the chest. I was bleeding and my lips were swollen, but no one came to my rescue. Somehow, I managed to give them a slip and return to Delhi,\" said the victim, claiming that there were no security personnel inside the train.Joint commissioner Robin Hibu said he has approached MPs seeking more security in trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "15862386", "title": "Onam in Neeravil is a bit different", "text": "KOLLAM: Neeravil village, like in the previous years, is celebrating Onam differently. This tiny hamlet near Thrikadavoor has been celebrating the festival differently for the past two decades under the aegis of the Navodayam model village library.Indigenous competitions like 'thondu thallal' (beating retted coconut husks), 'kayarpiri' (spinning coir) and 'olamedayal' (plaiting of coconut leaves) may seem a little weird to outsiders, but for the villagers, it is yet another chance to experience the long lost traditional way of life their ancestors led.Hundreds of villagers joined the celebrations at Adumbuvila Kayalvaram on the banks of Ashtamudi Lake on Sunday, the flash rain adding fervour to their spirit.MLA P K Gurudasan, who joined the people in the celebration, said it was a unique way of celebrating Onam. \"The competitions conducted here recall the revolutionary spirit of the villagers. The village has in the past witnessed numerous strikes by coir labourers for their rights. The competitions will recall those days of social unity and integrity. This is like a walk down the memory lane for many of the elderly in the village,\" he said.While the elderly participated in majority of the competitions, the younger generation cheered them on and tried to pick up the basics of the art.The celebrations concluded with the distribution of 'Onappudava' to the elderly mothers of the village.S Nasser, the secretary of the library, said the village had been celebrating Onam thus for the last 20 years. We started these competitions to revive the rural traditions, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15858222", "title": "Congress says House debate will expose BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress kept its focus on one question - why is BJP avoiding discussion on the CAG report on coal allocations in Parliament, chipping away at what it believes is its strongest argument against the rival.AICC spokesman Manish Tewari said, \"Why is BJP running away from discussion that is demanded by the entire opposition? It is because they know if there is discussion on the PM's statement, the black taint of black coal will smear BJP's face.\"The Congress focus on discussion contrasted with the BJP offensive which moved from blockade of Parliament to allegations that the ruling party used coal allocations to generate party funds.The charge of \"hefty bribe\" by BJP leader Sushma Swaraj triggered strong reaction from the ruling camp which sought evidence to back the \"crude allegation\".However, the ruling party believes its best chance in the coalgate controversy hinges on a focused demand that BJP join the discussion in Parliament. It sees the letters from BJP-ruled states vetoing the shift from 'screening' to 'competitive bidding' as clincher against the CAG's findings which BJP has latched on to accuse Congress of corruption.Congress spokesman Tewari did not spare the CAG, saying, \"The way reports are being compiled is beyond the legal mandate of CAG.\"He denied the party was attacking constitutional bodies, saying it was normal to criticize a report, be it a court judgment or a CAG audit. \"Where is this sacrosanctity coming from,\" he asked.The Congress offensive, though covering major points raised by BJP, returned to the issue of resuming Parliament. UPA strategists claimed a discussion would not only expose that BJP-ruled states scuppered the shift to competitive process, but also show that CAG had selectively quoted the law ministry's opinion to accuse the Centre of ignoring its advice on the issue.\"The entire edifice of Coalgate will crumble if there is a discussion,\" a key Cabinet minister claimed.Parliamentary affairs minister Pavan Bansal said every party, including NDA constituents, were for discussion but BJP had put a spanner in normalization. He said BJP had made it clear at the Speaker's meeting that it was not in favour of letting Parliament function.Tewari rubbished Swaraj's allegations on Coalgate mobilizing party funds. He said, \"I challenge BJP to provide evidence to back its allegation, else the party should withdraw its statement. Would BJP by that logic concede that 39 blocks allocated between 1998 and 2004 under NDA were also for political donations?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15861362", "title": "4 small hydel powerprojects get nod", "text": "PATNA: To boost hydel power projects in Bihar, the state energy department has given administrative clearance to four small hydel power projects in Madhepura, Aurangabad, Supaul and Araria districts. The state government has already sanctioned loans to the Bihar State Hydel Power Corporation (BHPC) for the purpose.For setting up a small hydel power project at Ararghat (1.75x4MW) in Madhepura district, the state government has given administrative clearance to a loan amount of Rs 65.44 crore under the state plan 2012-13. Out of this amount, Nabard, under its Rural Infrastructure Development Fund, has agreed to provide a soft loan of Rs 62.7 crore. The remaining Rs 3.36 crore has been given to BHPC as loan.Similarly, a sum of Rs 56.49 crore has been sanctioned for setting up a small hydel power project at Bathnaha (4x2MW) in Forbesganj block of Araria district. A sum of Rs 4.11 crore has been sanctioned in the first phase for setting up the plant.Out of the total estimated cost of Rs 61.86 crore, a sum of Rs 2.94 crore has been sanctioned for setting up a small hydel power project at Nirmali (4x2MW) in Supaul district. The government has also identified Sipaha in Aurangabad district for setting up a hydel project (500x2KW) at a cost of Rs 61.86 crore.With the setting up of all these hydel power projects, Bihar would be able to generate over 25MW of power in a couple of years. Nabard has agreed in principle to provide soft loan to these projects.According to draft state hydro policy, the hydel projects developed by private developers on build-own-operate-transfer (BOOT) model would have a concession period of 40 years from the date of commissioning of the project. Thereafter, these projects would revert to the Government of Bihar.According to the draft policy, the developer will provide 12% free power to the state as royalty. Out of it, 2% power will be provided to the surrounding areas/villages in the radius of one km from the project site as social obligation.All entry tax and electricity tax will be exempted for projects up to 25MW. The tariff for sale of energy from the project will be decided by Bihar Electricity Regulatory Commission through tariff-based bidding in case of identified projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15856158", "title": "Geetika Sharma\u2019s phone found, may help connect messages", "text": "NEW DELHI: Running out of time to question Sirsa MLA Gopal Goyal Kanda in the Geetika Sharma suicide case, police on Monday claimed they had recovered Geetika's official cell phone from his MDLR office in Gurgaon. This phone, sources say, is crucial for completing the SMS trail between Geetika, Kanda, and his manager Aruna Chaddha.However, with Kanda's three-day remand set to end on Tuesday, police could not confront him with Ankita \u2014 one of the persons named in Geetika Sharma's suicide note \u2014 even after her arrival in the city from Singapore . Sources said Ankita is still to be served a notice for questioning. However, an officer told TOI police might not seek extension of Kanda's remand on Tuesday, as they have enough evidence to prove a criminal conspiracy.\"We have enough evidence that shows Kanda was calling up her (Geetika's) family in her absence. All this will be added to the chargesheet. We do not think we will ask for extension of remand on Tuesday,'' said the officer.Police also said Kanda had tried to introduce a red herring in the investigation by talking about Geetika's \"naval captain\" friend. \"We have looked into the role of this captain and have found he has nothing to do with the case. This is Kanda's attempt to keep us pre-occupied,'' said the officer.On Monday, Geetika's mother and her brother Ankit were called to the Ashok Vihar police station for further questioning. They arrived at 12.15pm and left half-an-hour later.Meanwhile, actor Nupur Mehta rubbished claims made by investigators that Kanda gifted her a flat in Gurgaon Sector 31 (house 341). \"I was never gifted any house by my employer,'' she told the media. Nupur said she had left her MDLR job in Goa in 2009 and had nothing to do with Gurgaon. Police have claimed she was forced out by a village sarpanch who played a key role in protecting Kanda while he was absconding. \"We are in the process of lodging a case against the sarpanch for sheltering Kanda,'' said the officer.Police teams in Goa claim to have traced a businesswoman there who was a party to the exchanges between Geetika and Ankita. Another lead from the Sagar Society area of Dona Paula in Panaji is also being probed. Several phone numbers in Goa are being kept under surveillance. \"This is a woman close to Kanda. Her brother's call details helped us trace Ankita,'' said an investigating officer.The special cell might get in touch with political leader Karan Dalal about his charges against Kanda a few years ago, and his request to the Intelligence Bureau for suspension of Kanda's airline operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15858081", "title": "Give Rs 5,000 crore as drought relief: B S Yeddyurappa", "text": "HUBLI: Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa has urged the Centre to release Rs 5000 crore for drought relief in the state.Speaking to reporters on Monday before leaving for Gadag district to review drought relief works, Yeddyurappa said he will hold discussion with the chief minister and the chief secretary about the drought condition and relief works.The state government has asked the Centre to release Rs 12,000 crore for tackling the severe drought conditions.Yeddyurappa added that he would start his second round of drought study tour in other districts of the state in the coming days. He also revealed that the government was planning to purchase 1,000 mega watts of power to tackle the load shedding problem in the state.Tour by DVSWhen asked about the parallel drought study tour taken up by former chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda, he said: \"I am only concerned about my tour. For details on tours taken up by others you can contact the chief minister or the state party president.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "satara", "code": "15854121", "title": "18 held for obscenity after raid on Panchgani lodge", "text": "SATARA: The Panchgani police late on Sunday night raided a lodge in Gureghar village near Panchgani and arrested 18 people, including five bar dancers from Mumbai, for allegedly indulging in obscene acts.The others arrested include, seeds and fertiliser traders from Satara, Solapur and Phaltan. The owner of the lodge was also arrested. The police seized a music system, loud speakers and a huge stock of foreign liquor from the spot.The suspects have been charged under section 294 (obscene acts and songs) of the Indian Penal Code and various sections of the Mumbai Police Act.They were produced before a court on Monday and remanded to police custody for three days.Assistant police inspector Rajendra Bokade of the Panchgani police station said that following a tip-off that a private party was going on at a lodge in Gureghar, he rushed with his team and found that the doors of the lodge locked from inside.When the police entered the lodge, they found around 20 people in an inebriated condition, Bokade said.\"They were indulging in obscene dance with five women. When they came to know that police had raided the lodge, all of them started running. Some of them hid behind cupboards and some in the bathroom,\" he said.Bokade said that some, who managed to climb on the terrace of the lodge, jumped down and fled. \"We arrested 12 traders, five bar dancers and the lodge owner,\" Bokade said.Bokade said that these traders had hired bar dancers from Mumbai for their party. \"We are investigating,\" he added.(With inputs from Atul Deshpande)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kharagpur", "code": "15863067", "title": "Trinamool Congress loses hold over Kharagpur Municipality", "text": "KHARAGPUR: The Trinamool Congress lost control over Kharagpur Municipality on Monday after they were outvoted by the Congress in a no-confidence motion against the civic body's chairman. However, the executive officer - sent by the Kharagpur sub-divisional officer to oversee the proceedings - chose to let the municipal affairs department decide the outcome of the vote.The Trinamool Congress lost control over Kharagpur Municipality on Monday when a no-confidence motion against the party's chairman in the civic body was officially carried 16-15. But the executive officer sent by the Kharagpur subdivisional officer to oversee Monday's proceedings chose to let the municipal affairs department decide the outcome of the vote.The 15 Congress councillors in the municipality, who had moved the motion on August 14, were helped by the lone BJP councillor in defeating the ruling board by a majority of 16. The through a boycott of the day's proceedings by four Left Front councillors and the lone BJP councillor supporting them.The Trinamool, too, has 15 councillors in the 35-seat civic body, where in which 31 votes were cast on the motion as the four Left Front councillors chose to boycott the day's proceedings.It has been decided that the municipality's vice-chairman Tushar Chowdhury will function as the acting chairman for the next 15 days. If the municipal affairs department so decides, another vote will be taken to elect a new chairman for the civic body at the end of the period, said Basudeb Pal, the executive officer. Though Chowdhury will enjoy the powers of a chairman, he cannot take sans the authority to take financial decisions.Defeated Trinamool chairman Jahar Pal and his party colleagues, however, cried foul play over the conduct of proceedings. Trinamool was particularly critical of the fact that manner in which a Congress member was appointed the presiding officer was appointed to preside oversee the debate and voting on the motion. Pal said he would send a report on the outcome of the vote to the sub-divisional officer, district magistrate and municipal affairs department.As proceedings began on Monday, leader of the Congress Municipal Party in Kharagpur, Rabi Pandey, demanded that a councillor from his party's ranks and should be appointed to preside over the debate on the motion in place of the chairman. He contended that the chairman couldn't preside as the motion was against him. The Trinamool councillors countered him, saying that the vice chairman, who too belongs to their party, is authorised to preside on such occasions. Executive officer Pal then called for a vote on who should preside. Congress councillor Chittaranjan Mondal emerged victorious over vice chairman Tushar Chowdhury in this vote and took the chair of the presiding officer. The debate on the no-confidence motion then began.At the end of it, the motion was put to vote with 16 councillors voting in its favour amid a walkout by the 15 Trinamool members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15850883", "title": "Security for doctors an empty promise", "text": "HYDERABAD: Providing Special Protection Force (SPF) to seven hospitals attached to state-run medical colleges means the state government will have to shell out an estimated Rs 14 crore monthly. As things stand now, the government has two days to deploy SPF at Gandhi Hospital and less than a month for the rest of the hospitals failing which Gandhi medicos have threatened to paralyse medical care once again.After last week's strike at Gandhi Hospital, the health department proposed SPF deployment at Gandhi, Osmania, Government Maternity Hospital (Petla Burj), Kakatiya, MGM, Ruia and King George Hospital. But, now it is facing an acute fund crunch.While Niloufer is the only hospital where SPF was deployed in 2011, the 15-member force has now been trimmed to 12. Sources at Niloufer said that the first batch of 15-member SPF pulled out for lack of funds. The second 12-member batch, which is currently on duty, is drawing salary from its parent department. \"Niloufer has Rs 2 crore dues to be paid to the SPF. The government did not release funds,\" said a source.Now, it turns out that senior health officials have confessed to medicos that the SPF promise even this time around was made without any financial backing as it has been happening for the last six years. \"The health authorities told us that the promise to deploy SPF was made only as a quick recourse to solve the problem. We were told that there is no financial back up to provide security to doctors,\" said I Abhilash, a junior doctor at Gandhi Hospital. Even as the file proposing SPF deployment moved from the health department to home department, Abhilash was doubtful if SPF would be deployed by Thursday.The SPF issue was first raised in 2007 when junior doctors at Niloufer Hospital protested the attack on doctors by MIM MLA Afsar Khan. The government relented then but only a police outpost was created. An ordinance was also introduced that made attacks on doctors, nursing staff or any paramedic a cognizable and non-bailable offence with three years' imprisonment.Dr A Y Chary, former DME, notes that the government has been allocating budget for preventive and curative aspects of health but not for security. \"There was never a provision for security. It's a huge commitment on the part of the government but the ordinance should be implemented in all seriousness so that confidence building takes place. Simply posting a few constables will not serve the purpose,\" he said.He added that doctors are justified in their demand.Senior doctors said if there is no budget, the government should create one as attacks on doctors are frequent. \"When SPF was deployed in Niloufer, there was a steep fall in such incidents. A person holding a gun will act as a deterrent,\" they said. The latest incidents of attacks on doctors apart from Gandhi Hospital were reported at Sarojini Eye Hospital where two health professionals were assaulted on different days just last week.Former DME Dr Ravi Raju, who headed a committee to study the security issues in state hospitals, said deploying SPF at each hospital would cost roughly Rs 2 crore. \"If the government is serious, it can provide SPF cover. It is not a big amount for the government,\" he said. Lokendra Sharma, DG, SPF, said services can be provided only on payment. \"Correspondence is on and we have adequate forces to cater to the demand,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15859381", "title": "UGC to remain headless for few more months", "text": "NEW DELHI: University Grants Commission (UGC), which doesn't have a full-time chairperson for more than one and half years, would remain headless for a few more months. Appointment of new a chairperson has now gone back to the drawing board with the search-cum-selection committee being requested by the HRD ministry to expand the panel of shortlisted names.A source said, \"It is an unprecedented case. Asking search-cum-selection committee to rework the shortlist means government does not have faith in its choice. This has happened in the wake of the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) raising serious objection to empanelment of only two names \u2014 Pankaj Chandra, director, IIM-Bangalore; and Syed Hasnain of IIT-Delhi.\"Sources said, despite reservation by a few members of search-cum-selection committee it agreed on Saturday to expand the shortlist. Earlier a source in the search committee had told TOI he was opposed to revisiting its own choice.\"We agreed as it was pointed out that it is more procedural than anything else. We have to add one or two more names to the list,\" he said, refusing to comment if search-cum-selection committee would reach out to new candidates. But there could be a technical hitch in what the ministry is planning. An official of Department of Personnel &amp; Training (DoPT) pointed out that any change in the panel recommended by the search-cum-selection committee has to be accepted by the ministry. Any deviation will require prior approval of the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet (ACC). \"HRD ministry's request to the search-cum-selection committee to rework the shortlist is a deviation. We are yet to receive any formal request from them,\" a DoPT official said. He explained ACC's clearance is as per the DoPT office memorandum of 2007 on setting up of search committees and search-cum-selection panels.Appointment of UGC chairperson has assumed political colours after several MPs openly canvassed in favour of one particular candidate with the PMO. The PMO has, however, maintained that any panel with less than three names should be revisited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15860200", "title": "Foreign shores lure visual media students", "text": "CHENNAI: With visual communication emerging a favourite career option among students in the country, the number of students going abroad for higher study is on the rise. Experts estimate a 10% to 15% increase in the number of students going abroad to pursue higher studies in visual media compared to last year.More students are heading to overseas destinations, including the US, the UK and Australia, for courses like filmmaking, animation and graphics, visual communication, journalism and mass communication. Experts following trends in overseas education said that while there is no dearth of institutions teaching such courses in India, global recognition and cutting edge technology drawing students to institutions abroad.\"There is a definite increase in the demand for such niche courses, especially with Hollywood and Bollywood becoming a household term,\" said Naresh Gulati, CEO of Oceanic Consultants.While students who want to pursue a postgraduate degree head to the US and the UK, Canada and Australia are preferred destinations for diploma-level programmes. Many students from leading Chennai colleges like Loyola, Stella Maris and Madras Christian College are looking overseas to add to their skill.Overseas educational consultants said that while a majority of those heading overseas still seek to pursue higher education in engineering and management, studies in visual media are slowly gaining ground. Director of DilingerConsultants Robert Dilinger estimates 10% to 15% of the total student population travelling abroad for education to seek these courses.\"Five years ago there were no enquiries for such new gen programmes, but a lot of students are asking about them now,\" he said. Not everyone can afford it, and banks are more likely to offer education loans to courses they are familiar with, but more people are getting loans for these courses now, he said.Media professionals who had studied abroad said that the courses are a bit more expensive than similar courses here, but there is value for the money spent. If a visual communication course costs around 2.5 lakh to 3 lakh here, it could cost around 10 lakh there. For many the return on investments is better outside the country than in India. \"No mediaperson in a good studio in Australia earns less than 30 lakh to 35 lakh,\" Dilinger said.Arun Bose, who studied MA in Communications in a Chennai college and went to Northumbria University in the UK to pursue MA in Film Studies, said: \"When I left for the UK to study I was working under an ad film maker here, but after I came back after my studies I had the confidence to strike out on my own.\" While he is a part-time journalism teacher at Madras Christian College, he makes documentary films and is engaged in community participatory audio-visual artworks through an Indo-UK collective Cockroach in Cocktail. Bose said it was worth the time, money and effort spent abroad, because the students get a new take on life in a field where perspective matters a lot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15863378", "title": "Spanish film screening at Panaji", "text": "This Wednesday, August 29, at 6.30 pm, Sachin Chatte will host the screening of a Spanish film, 'All About My Mother' at Sunaparanta, Altinho, Panaji.The movie, directed by Pedro Almodovar, is of 101-minute duration and will have English subtitles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15880972", "title": "Boman and Sharman mark presence at musical event", "text": "It seems Sharman Joshi and Boman Irani share a close bonding post Ferrari Ki Sawari success. Both the actors were seen together when they were on a promotional spree for Ferrari Ki Sawaari, which released couple of months ago. But there bonding goes beyond the movie sets and promotions.Recently the duo was spotted at CASCADE 2012 inter collegiate competition where Armaan Malik, son of Bollywood music director Daboo Malik emerged as winner. Many Bollywood celebrities witnessed Armaan's performance at the gala event.Boman Irani came first and appreciated his love toward the Music. He was seen glued to the voice of Armaan Malik. Music lover Boman Irani said, \"He has very excellent voice which I have never heard before. It's good to see a fabulous performance at this age.\" Bollywood actor Sharman Joshi was seen enjoying his song which steals his heart. He said, \"Armaan has very unique. I will never forget this great full moment.\" Music director Daboo Malik and his wife were seen praising their son. The Bollywood stars showered the blessings to Armaan and wished him a great future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "15865624", "title": "4 killed, 26 injured as vehicle\u2019s tyre bursts", "text": "JAISALMER: At least four people were killed and 26 injured when an ambulance they were travelling in overturned in Barmer district on Monday. The victims were returning after attending a free eye camp organized by an NGO in Dhorimanna. The injured are admitted to a hospital.According to the police, the tyre of the ambulance carrying the victims burst following which the vehicle overturned near Soorte ki Beri under Dhorimanna police station area in Barmer district.SP Rahul Barhat said the patients of Bedia village after being treated in the free eye camp organized by Jan Seva Samiti of Barmer were returning to village in the samiti's ambulance, when the tyre burst and the mishap occurred. \"Some passers-by informed the police. Meanwhile, residents of nearby villages gathered at the spot and helped in the rescue operation,\" said a police officer. Patient Dhanna Ram Jat (60) died on the spot whereas Thakra Ram (50), Sitaram (55) and a 70-year-old woman died during treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15851908", "title": "All suppliers sought hike in power tariffs", "text": "MUMBAI: Rising price of fuels needed for power generation will soon hike power bills.Suppliers have been claiming the rising prices of the latter and the 10% cap on passing on this burden to consumer has left them at a loss. All the suppliers had demanded the hike, especially the MSEDCL, which pointed out to MERC that it was to recover nearly Rs 1,483 crore from users against pending FAC. MERC said its analysis of the monthly FAC since April 2009 revealed suppliers had crossed the ceiling recovery limit for several months \u2014MSEDCL crossed it 17 times, RInfra 4, BEST 21 and TPC 31\u2014 which was evidence that the ceiling had to be raised.Initially, MERC proposed to increase the FAC limit up to 25% but after objection at the public hearings, the cap was cut to 20%. If any supplier should need more, it will have to get it approved from MERC before charging it in the bills.\"Since the tariffs have been revised recently for the MSEDCL, a state power supplier, and also for BEST, the Mumbai island city supplier, the commission feels it may not be necessary to revise the FAC ceiling to 25%. The new average FAC Ceiling (see table) for the suppliers at the prevailing retail tariffs appears sufficient to address the likely variation in fuel prices in future,\" said MERC in its order. \"The revised FAC ceiling of 20% is the average for suppliers as a whole, and the applicable ceiling will be different for different consumer categories equivalent to 20% of their variable tariffs. The revised ceiling will come into effect from September.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15863240", "title": "'Mining affecting Selaulim water'", "text": "MARGAO: The Selaulim Bachao Andolan (SBA) on Monday submitted a petition to the South Goa collector N D Agarwal, pointing out the threat to public health on account of the operation of several iron ore mines within the catchment area of the Selaulim reservoir, and demanded closure of these mining activities immediately.'These mines are operating within the catchment area of the reservoir in gross violation of the laws and proper procedures, and their activities are increasing the contents of various dangerous elements above limits acceptable for human consumption, thereby causing injury to the health of most of the residents of South Goa,' the petition stated.The SBA has named six mines in its petition operating within the catchment area of the dam.\"...large quantities of mud and extracted rejects from these flow into the reservoir of the Selaulim dam during the monsoons, thereby polluting the drinking water of half of the state's population. Due to flow/release of the muddy water from these mines, the content of managanese, iron and other dangerous elements have increased substantially, adversely affecting the health of majority of the Goans living in South Goa,' the petition stated.The SBA has urged the collector to act under Section 133 of the Cr Pc to ensure that no further mining operations are carried out within the catchment area of the Selaulim dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15863200", "title": "The return of rains washes off deficit", "text": "PANAJI: A resumption in rainfall activity has literally washed off the deficit within two days, though the overall monsoon has been within the normal range.On Sunday morning, the total seasonal rainfall recorded in the city was 2211.2mm as against the normal of 2274.3mm. \"But a rainfall of 145.8mm during the last 24 hours has wiped off the deficit of 63.1mm,\" K V Singh, director, meteorological centre, Altinho said.The seasonal total shot up to 2357.0mm (about 94 inches), which is more than 70 mm above normal, on Monday morning.Mormugao received the highest amount of rainfall of 149mm during the last 24 hours till Monday morning. Among the other centres, Mormugaoo received 149mm, Panaji 145.8mm, Dabolim 136.2 and other centres less.The forecast for the next 24 hours is occasional spells of rain or thundershowers. The met centre has also issued a special weather warning, stating that heavy rainfall is likely to occur at isolated places in Goa during the next 48 hours.A weather warning has also been issued for fishermen of south Maharashtra and Goa coast for the next 24 hours. The winds will be in a south westerly direction with speeds of 45-50 km per hour, temporarily reaching 60 kmph in gusts or squalls.\"The sea will be rough and fishermen are advised not to venture out to sea,\" Singh said. Though July is considered the wettest month of the season, it was June, which produced the bulk of the rainfall this year.The met centre recorded 1177.1mm (about 47 inches) in June this year as compared to only 614.0mm (about 24 inches) in July. August has also witnessed lesser quatum of rainfall with only 565.9mm (about 22.6 inches) received so far. But sources said the third month of the season generally sees less rain activity.Two heavy spells of rain on July 12, and on successive days on 17, 18 and 19 and then again on 25, 27, 29 and 30 produced the bulk of the rainfall during July.In July, the first week witnessed heavy spells, but the quantum of rainfall went down after July 6, 2012.A total rainfall of 919mm is considered normal during the month of July. \"But as only 616.mm was received in July this year, there was a shortfall of 33%,\" K V Singh, director meteorological centre, Altinho said.A seasonal total of 2586.3mm is considered normal for the four-month period from June to September.With the seasonal total now reaching 2357.0mm on Monday, the average of a normal season is likely to be reached shortly. But agriculturists consider adequate rainfall during the ripening of the paddy crop and also during the fag end of the season vital for the crop and storage of water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15862483", "title": "Thiruvananthapuram to have its night life zone soon at Veli beach", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The days when the entire city downed its shutters by 8pm will be a thing of the past soon. An exciting 'night life' with an eclectic mix of the tame, chic and racy, to rev up the city will soon be rolled out if a project in the pipeline moves as planned by the government. The 'night life zone' will be part of the proposed world class urban entertainment centre (UEC) to be set up adjacent to the Boat Club on the Veli beach.A project mooted by Infrastructure Kerala Limited (Inkel) as a joint venture with Tourist Resorts Kerala Ltd (TRKL) with 74:26 equity participation, the UEC has been designed as an integrated tourist destination with a one-stop family entertainment centre, a night life zone and a retail zone with a mix of entertainment, commercial components and accommodation facilities under one roof. It is being planned in a public-private participation (PPP) mode with the support of private investors, financial institutions and banks.\"The project has received an in-principle approval from the state government. Further measures on dovetailing the project implementation by inviting bidders will be decided by the government and the tourism department,\" Inkel's executive director N Sasidharan Nair told TOI on Monday.Tourism secretary Suman Billa said an entertainment zone with a night life zone, retail zone with multiplex, amphitheatre and amusement area with a marine aquarium and thematic restaurants are all planned as part of the UEC project. \"We have obtained about 20 acres for the project and the cost is now estimated at Rs 300 crore. It would be an interesting project with a family-oriented entertainment zone with a dynamic mix of arts, leisure, learning, entertainment, amusement and retail. The zone will also include food courts and restaurants serving the best cuisine,\" he said.\"But the project design needs to be tweaked, for part of the land falls under the Coastal Regulatory Zone (CRZ) rules and without violating the norms, landscaping and gardening with cascading terraces of vegetation has to be set in that area. Only then the project can proceed and attract investors,\" Suman Billa said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15865474", "title": "Students demand closure of Rajasthan University till dilapidated buildings are repaired", "text": "JAIPUR: The walls have developed cracks, there is water in the classrooms since it started raining and portions of ceilings have fallen down. Welcome to Rajasthan University (RU), the premier seat of higher education in the state, where attending classes in rainy season means risking one's life.Not surprisingly, student groups have demanded closure of the varsity until the dilapidated buildings are repaired and declared safe.RU has 38 postgraduate departments and many of them are two to three decades old. TOI inspected some departments and found that the continuous rain has damaged them. Department buildings like geology, chemistry, physics, maths, biology and instrumentation are the worst-hit as water has seeped in from all sides. The situation has become so grave that students have stopped coming to the university fearing collapse of these buildings any time. \"Monday registers maximum strength but rain since last night and fear of collapse drew less than 10 students in the department,\" said DC Gautam, professor in Chemistry. The ground has become marshy further weakening the foundation of the structures.The situation is worse in geology department where a classroom has been supported by bamboo sticks while in the physics department there is plaster falling on the students' equipment. \"The science labs have several toxic and non-toxic chemicals which pose threat of radioactive rays in case of any untoward incident,\" said Gautam.Departments like zoology, mass communication, M Com, library and law colleges among others are in poor shape. The condition of hostels is similar with students shifting their beds, computers and tables due to water seepage. The roads that lead to several departments too have been badly damaged with pot holes. \"I have asked students not to come during rain,\" said Rajiv Gupta, head of sociology department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15861775", "title": "Calicut University's B Ed exams under a cloud", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In clear violation of its own statutes, Calicut University has appointed two teachers from self-financing B Ed colleges in Malappuram as chairman of the board of examination tasked with the conduct of B Ed practical examinations.The appointment of self-financing college teachers for overseeing crucial examination duties has raised concerns about fairness in the valuation process.\"This is unprecedented in the history of the university and shows that varsity authorities are succumbing to the interests of private college managements,\" Nazeer K M, regional president of Kerala Private College Teachers Association (KPCTA) told TOI.Dr K Ramakrishnan, professor at government college of teacher education here, said the private management lobby had been trying for the last two years to include their nominees as chairman of board of examinations. The UG board of studies had in 2010 decided not to allow the move. \"The decision could be seen as a move by the managements to artificially boost their results as there is stiff competition in the sector following the proliferation of teacher training colleges. That apart, the two teachers appointed to the posts do not have the necessary experience or approved service in government and aided colleges,\" he said.According to sources, the varsity made the appointments at the behest of two syndicate members who are closely connected with self-financing college managements. Interestingly the two teachers appointed as chairman are serving in self-financing colleges run by managements closely linked to the IUMLIndian Union Muslim League.University Syndicate member T P Ahmed felt there was nothing wrong in appointing private college teachers. \"The university has put in place a mechanism to ensure accountability and fairness of the exams,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15863510", "title": "Metro sounds death knell for Adi Ganga", "text": "KOLKATA: A swanky station above and unbearable stench below - the Metro ride beyond Tollygunge is a study in contrast.After Tollygunge, the Metro runs on an elevated track along the Adi Ganga or Tolly's Nullah. However, the 'holy' river is no more than a big open sewer here - mostly muck and a little filthy water. So, after riding the city's fastest and smoothest mass-transit system and on exiting a smart, spic-and-span station, a commuter is greeted by the stench and filth.\"It is quite an anti-climax for an outsider who develops a positive impression of the city after travelling by the Metro,\" grumbled Shankar Samanta, a resident of Paschim Putiari.And yet, it is the Metro itself which is playing a significant part in further clogging up the channel. \"The condition of the river is getting worse by the day. Earlier, fresh water would flow in from the Hooghly during high tide. But after construction of the Metro pillars, the inflow of fresh water has stopped completely from the Hooghly end. At the Bidyadhari end, the river has been completely cut off due to encroachment,\" said former irrigation minister Subhas Naskar.Metro Railway deputy general manager Pratuyush Ghosh, however, said they had always been \"concerned\" about the health of the channel, but had nothing to do now as a one-time payment had already been made. \"Even before construction of the elevated track, in 1998, the Metro Railways made a one-time payment of Rs 60.14 crore to the state irrigation department for routine dredging of the channel. We don't know how the state government will deal with the problem now.\"A desperate government is now trying to restore a part of the original Adi Ganga river course from Garia to Kamalgazi and link it up with Tolly's Nullah so that water can be channelled out. But that won't be easy, not only because of the sheer amount of silt, but because a vital stretch of the nullah is all but blocked by pillars of the Metro's elevated stretch.The irrigation department has started dredging the channel, but without much hope. Dredging every 2 km of the Adi Ganga costs the department Rs 1.05 crore. But how effective is this? A senior irrigation department engineer admitted that it is very difficult to dredge the stretch below the Metro track and particularly that below the stations. Dredging will have some immediate effect, he said, but in no time the channel will again turn into a stinking sewer unless the clogs at both ends are cleared up.In the name of dredging, however, crores have actually gone down the drain with no visible result, claimed Somedra Mohan Ghosh, convener of the Adi Ganga Suraksha Committee, an organisation dedicated to the revival of the old glory of this river. The channel has never actually been 'dredged' in nearly 250 years, he said. In 1777, William Tolly, a British Major, opened the river route between Kolkata and the districts of East Bengal (now Bangladesh ). He connected the channel with the Bidyadhari-Matla river system. The channel acted as a major navigation route for the next century and a half before ultimately turning into a sewer.The siltation is so heavy by now that the piles of muck are quite visible on some stretches. People use the river as a garbage dump and quite a few high-drains release the filth into it. The pollution is so immense that even the water hyacinth gets blackened.Banker Badrinath Singh, a resident of Naktala, felt the state government must do something to clean the river. \"I am new in the city. I used to think that the waterbody below the Metro tracks was a high drain. But an elderly gentleman corrected me, saying this was the Adi Ganga that used to be a robust trade route. I was completely taken aback by the story as there is hardly any resemblance between what he said and what the river is now.\"\"The local councillor had some benches installed along the river banks, yet none can sit there because of the stench, filth and mosquitoes,\" said septuagenarian Manabendra Bose, a resident of Kudghat.Partha Sanyal, who bought a flat near Kabi Subhas station for easy movement, is now feeling the heat. \"Forget about stench and filth, I am terrified with the onslaught of mosquitoes. I have stuck nets everywhere, yet I cannot prevent their attack. No repellant works on them. I am particularly panicky after the outbreak of dengue in the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15851888", "title": "Interviews for Nagpur University registrar post from Sept 10-11", "text": "NAGPUR: Following intense criticism, Nagpur University administration on Monday quickly switched into damage control mode on registrar's interview fiasco and hurriedly finalized new interview dates. According to senior NU officials, the interview for the crucial post will now be held on September 10 and 11.NU had postponed interviews for the post of registrar, controller of examinations (CoE), librarian and others scheduled on September 3 and 4 indefinitely without informing the probable candidates. In fact, the candidates had even received letters from the NU to appear on the said dates. After TOI reported on Saturday that interviews had been put off, candidates enquired with NU authorities and came to know. They flayed the NU brass for keeping them in the dark as they had cancelled prior appointments on said dates and taken leave from their respective offices.Though NU PRO Prashant Mohite refused to comment, officials confirmed the decision was taken after those who were called on interviews demanded to fix new dates, as they too, had to make arrangements accordingly. NU had received 24 applications for the registrar's post of which nine were shortlisted. They include acting registrar Mahesh Yenkie, associate professor at Shivaji Science Ashok Gomase, deputy registrar Vilas Ramteke, NU Finance and Accounts Officer (FAO) Puran Meshram, head of public administration department Nilima Deshmukh and deputy registrar at Mumbai university Dinesh Kamble.Though NU administration cited the governor's conference on same date in Mumbai that all vice-chancellors were asked to attend as reason for deferring the interviews, controversies around the process were also believed to be responsible for the same. The chancellor might discuss the issue with VC Vilas Sapkal after the conference, NU officials said.The registrar's interviews were already under the scanner following nomination science faculty dean Kishor Deshmukh on the selection panel, despite the fact that he was twice rejected for the same post. NU Academic Council member MD Chaudhary has already filed an appeal with the chancellor to set aside Deshmukh's nomination terming it \"unethical\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15869357", "title": "Indefinite strike threat by Ranchi para teachers", "text": "RANCHI: More than 85,000 para teachers in the state will go on an indefinite strike from August 28 demanding implementation of the para teachers' service condition bill.The strike of para teachers will affect almost 40,000 primary schools of the state. More than 80% of the teachers' post in these primary schools are occupied by para teachers and once the strike starts thousands of students will be deprived of education. Many of the para teachers are also responsible for providing mid day meals at government schools and as a result of the strike students at many schools will not get mid day meals too.Vinod Tiwari, a para teacher said, \"The education of the students will be affected and that is why we had not gone on strike since a long time but now water has gone above the head and we have no other option. During the strike we will also oppose any new government appointments in schools.\"Once the service condition bill is passed, para teachers will be regularized and their salaries increased. Vinod Tiwari, a para teacher, said, \"We have been working since 2002 but we have not been regularized. Our salaries have also not been increased. Our demand is that after our regularization we should be given a salary of Rs 16,000 per month.\"At present, the salary of untrained para teachers at the intermediate level is Rs 5000, for trained para teachers at the same level it is Rs 5,500 and for graduate trained para teachers it is Rs 6000.For long para teachers have been demanding the implementation of the bill and on July 21 their protest took a new turn when they took out a torch-light procession to draw the attention of the government.Rishikesh Pathak, a para teacher in Ranchi, said, \"We have been struggling for years for the implementation of the bill but when we realized our demands would not be met till we intensified our stir, we decided to go on a strike.\"After the torch-light procession, the next phase of the movement was a demonstration before the district education headquarters in every district on July 31, followed by a protest in front of the HRD minister, Baidyanth Ram's house, home on August 14. A jail bharo andolan was organized on August 18 in which para teachers from all over the state came to the capital to court arrest.The minister was forced to convene a meeting with them on August 22.He even assured them that the bill would be proposed at the cabinet meeting. But when no decision was taken after the cabinet meeting, para teachers decided to go on a strike. Tiwari said, \"The minister told us that we would be given many facilities once the bill was implemented. Since they are not taking any steps to implement it, we are going to on a strike for an indefinite period from August 28.\"More protests have been lined up. \"We will be fasting from August 31 to September 6 at the Birsa Chowk and on September 4 we will be organizing a state-level demonstration. Our protest will continue till the government meets our demands,\" said Javed Shamim, convener of the Para Teachers' Coordination Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15867401", "title": "Three suicides in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Three persons allegedly committed suicide in separate cases in Bhubaneswar on Monday. Police recovered the bodies of a newly-wed couple Naru Behra (25) and his wife Swapna (18) hanging from the ceiling of their house in Sisupalgarh. Though the cause of the alleged suicide was not known, police said the couple ended their lives following family discord. \"The couple got married four months ago. Since theirs was a love marriage, their families rejected their relation. This could have driven them to resort to the extreme step,\" a police officer said.In the second suicide case, police found the body of Santosh Kumar Choubey (25), hanging from an iron rod of the roof in Rasulgarh area. Choubey, a resident of Indore in Madhya Pradesh, was working in sales wing of a private company in Mancheswar here since the last two years. Though he was staying in Saheed Nagar, he came to meet his colleagues in Rasulgarh on Sunday night.\"All went to sleep after dinner. His friends saw him hanging on the terrace in the morning,\" another police officer said. \"Motive of suicide is not known. Perhaps he was upset due to some disease, as told by his friends. His family and company authorities also expressed ignorance about motive of his suicide,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15870997", "title": "Belgaum schools to reopen today amid tight security", "text": "BELGAUM: Schools and colleges in Belgaum which were shut on Monday will remain open on Tuesday.District superintendent of police Sandeep Patil told TOI that elaborate security arrangements have been made across the city. He said the situation is under control and no fresh incident has been reported on Monday.Additional deputy general of police (law and order) Bipin Gopalkrishna, who arrived from Bangalore, is monitoring the situation. Additional police force from neighbouring Hubli and a company of Rapid Action Force from Bangalore have been called in.To build confidence among people, police staged a route march in all the sensitive areas on Monday evening. Police convened peace committee meetings in presence of leaders from different communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15871477", "title": "Heavy rains submerge many localities in CM's Rohtak", "text": "ROHTAK: Heavy rains on Sunday night and Monday submerged several residential areas in the town, causing inconvenience to residents. Stagnating water on main roads and streets exposed the poor rainwater drainage system in the chief minister's home town.The district administration spokesperson informed that in past around 10 hours, Rohtak recorded approximately 74 mm rainfall. Incessant rains left a number of residential colonies and market areas flooded and water entered houses in low-lying colonies. According to sources, the municipal authorities dug up a street in Vikas Nagar area on Sunday for relaying even though it was raining. \"Now, the entire street stretch of around 200 metres is completely submerged in waters and is posing threat to kids as some sewers have also been left open. The work is unlikely to resume due to heavy flooding, causing inconvenience to residents in the locality,\" said a resident. Another person said that it was foolish on the part of the MC authorities to dig the street, knowing that it's raining.Several other colonies, including Prem Nagar, Quila Mohalla, Sainipura, Model Town, Old Housing Board Colony and market areas on Railway road, Quila road, Chhotu Ram Chowk were inundated with heavy waters. Rajender Singh, a resident of Prem Nagar informed that around two to three feet of water collected in streets and even entered many houses.Authorities, however, maintained that a good spell of incessant rains led to concentration of water in many areas but pumps installed at many points in the town were draining out water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15864582", "title": "Onam preparations on in full swing", "text": "INDORE: With just a day to go for the festival of Onam, Malayalis in the city are all busy making the last minute preparation to celebrate the harvest festival. As such, Onnam Onam, the eve of the festival falling Tuesday, is expected to see heavy rush at the city markets. Traditionally, the day is reserved for making purchases and preparing food items to cut the burden on the day of the festival. Though many say that the essential items for celebrations are quite expensive here in Indore, they are willing to shell out the bucks to ensure that they fall short of nothing in making the celebrations perfect.The people from the God's own country are busy making preparations to welcome home King Mahabali, the benevolent king and grandson of Prahalad. They are inviting kiths and kin for Ona Sadhya, the grand feast they host on the festival day.Prasanna Nair of a private school says, \"Onam is a ten-day festival. I am making Athapookalam (flower bed rangoli) since the very first day of the festival this year. Other than that, we will be hosting a feast for our friends and relatives on the day of the festival. We will be offering a feast of 16 dishes to King Mahabali and recite traditional songs including 'Maveli nadu vaaneedum kalam, maanusherellarum onnupole' which means that during the reign of Mahabali, all people were treated as they are -- equals.\"She is also practicing for Thiruvathira, a traditional dance which she will perform for an Onam special programme.Though many say that the charm and festivity of Onam in Kerala is unmatched, they are leaving no stone unturned to recreate the same ambience here in Indore. Newly married Shruthy Padmanabhan has moved to the city recently. She says, \"I miss Kerela a lot. However, with start of a new life after marriage, I am looking forward to a different Onam this year.\" Girija Padmanabhan, her mother-in-law says, \"I realize that Shruthy may miss Onam celebrations back home in Kerala. But we will try to create the same atmosphere here with traditional dishes and wearing the traditional 'set saree'. We will be also inviting our Malayali friends, play traditional games and recite Malayalam songs.\"Rema Pillai, works as a deputy manager in a pharmacy firm. These days, he is busy making flower-bed rangolis and cook traditional food items. \"It is in honor of King Mahabali. We visit are relatives on the day and exchange gifts. It is not a tradition but we do so to add to the festivity. On the day of Onam, we will visit Ayyappa temple and also prepare a big Athapookalam and will join people in making feast at the temple. The only difference in Onam celebration in Kerela and Indore is that, in hour home state, we get things easily and for less bucks, while here, we have to shell out more for the same stuff.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15863294", "title": "Fishing trawler grounds off Miramar", "text": "PANAJI: A fishing trawler drifted apparently due to rough sea conditions and grounded off Miramar on Sunday night.The incident occurred when fishing trawler 'Sea Pride' was returning from fishing operations. Due to inclement weather, the trawler began drifting towards the shore of Miramar amidst panic on the distressed vessel.When the owner, Raymond D'Sa, rushed to the spot on being informed by the crew, he sought help from Drishti as well as the marine police.Beach Safety Patrol (BSP) of Drishti went to seek the approval of the tourism department to intervene in the matter. On getting the approval to intervene, from tourism director Nikhil Desai, a Drishti team went to assist the trawler in distress.The vessel grounded in the surf zone and with much relief, the crewmen walked to the shore. Eshwar Yeldar, Vankatesh Haiya, Annapa Haiyer, Ganesh Naik,Girish Naik, Jagnisdish Naik,Pappu Haiyer and Shubhramani were the crew members.Having met the need of the hour to bring the fishermen to safety, no jet ski was launched though they were readied for launch, Drishti said in a statement, here.Due to rough sea conditions, no trawler from the Malim fishing jetty ventured into the sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15865871", "title": "Diesel Locomotive Works to supply locomotives to Bangladesh at Rs 150cr", "text": "VARANASI: The Diesel Locomotive Works (DLW) has bagged a repeat export order for supply of 16 Broad Gauge locomotives to Bangladesh Railways at an approximate cost of Rs 150 crore.According to the DLW spokesperson, these locomotives will be of 3100 HP and will be supplied during 2013-14. This is an addition to the existing order of 10 BG locomotives to be supplied this year. The supply will be made through RITES, a public sector under Ministry of Railways, which is the nominated agency for dealing with export orders to Bangladesh.A back to back agreement between the RITES and DLW for the 16 locomotives was signed in the first week of August. In terms of the agreement, RITES have to pay 30% of the order value in advance. A high level RITES team headed by director technical, Sumit Sinha visited DLW on Monday to hand over the advance payment as well as discuss various technical, commercial and delivery related issues with the DLW authorities. Sinha handed over the cheque of Rs 44.98 crore towards the advance payment to general manager of DLW, BP Khare.In addition to the 26 locomotives to be supplied to Bangladesh, the DLW is also executing an order for supply of six BG locomotives to Sri Lanka at a cost of Rs 50 crore. These locomotives will be of 2300 HP and will be delivered to Sri Lanka in the current year.This order is being coordinated through IRCON, another PSU under Ministry of Railways. Till 2011-12, the DLW has exported a total of 105 locomotives to 11 countries.The total order value for supply of various types of locomotives to non-railway customers (Indian as well as foreign customers) by DLW during 2012-13 is expected to cross Rs 400 crore, which is the highest ever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15865243", "title": "Ganga crosses warning mark", "text": "KANPUR: Ganga rose again and crossed the warning mark at the barrage. It was flowing at 113.15 metres when last reading was taken in the evening on Monday. The warning mark is 113 metres and the danger mark has been fixed at 114 metres. The river is flowing 15 cms above the warning mark.If the river continues to swell, the water would enter the villages of the Katri belt.For the first time this year Ganga has crossed the warning mark.At Shuklaganj, the river was recorded to be flowing above 112 metres and the danger mark there is 113m. There is likelihood that the low-lying areas of Shuklaganj and the ghats will submerge under water if the rises by one metre or so. The ghats in Bithoor have also submerged. Parmat, Sarsiyya, Gola, Hospital and Massacare ghats are all flooded with water.In past 24 hours, the river rose by 10 cms and it is continuing to rise gradually.More than 1.60 lakh cusecs of water would pass on Tuesday.The water has reached close to Chainpurwa village in the Katri region and was posing threat to several other villages of the region.Tehsildar AR Farooqui said, \"We are keeping an eye over the situation as Ganga is continuously rising and has touched the mark of 113.15m. It is rising with each passing hour and if it continues to rise in the same way, we will have to think about relocating the villagers and people living in the low-lying areas.\"The river water has been eroding the banks towards the Katri side.The villagers willingly do not leave their houses so help from pradhan is sought to ensure that they vacate the place along with the cattle and belongings.Heavy rainfall in Uttarakhand and subsequent release of water from Norara dam are the reasons for the present situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15880823", "title": "Rituparna plays an escort", "text": "Rituparna Sengupta , best known for convincingly portraying a gamut of characters \u2014 from a lonely housewife to a college goer \u2014 in her films, has stepped into the shoes of a bar singer in Anup Sengupta's forthcoming film, Raater Rajanigandha.TOI caught the actor shooting for the film in Sonagachi on Sunday afternoon. Says Rituparna, \"It was the first time I have shot at Sonagachi and it was a lovely experience. A huge crowd had turned up, but Kolkata Police managed it really well. Anupda filmed some passing shots of mine there.\"Significantly, the director-actor jodi of Anup-Rituparna, which has quite a few hits like Sindoorer Odhikar, Pobitra Papi and Aghaat to its credit, is working together after 10 years. Speaking about her experience, the actor says, \"It's always a pleasure to work with Anupda. My character \u2014 Jui \u2014 is a village girl who comes to Kolkata after her parents pass away and ends up as a bar singer. But soon she gets married and settles into a happy space. Then, in a turn of events she is forced to become an escort. So yes, there are plenty of highs and lows in Jui's life, but it's a dream character because it constantly requires you to change your body language to adapt to that of a village girl, bar singer, wife and escort. After Paromitar Ekdin and Bedini, Rajesh Sharma will again essay the role of my husband in this film. Kharaj Mukherjee and Shaheb Chatterjee also play pivotal roles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15852441", "title": "Muslims protest \u2018jail beatings\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: A section of Muslim leaders have protested against the alleged beating of a few August 11 riot accused in Arthur Road Jail and asked the authorities to look into complaints lodged by their relatives in this regard.\"The police have already recorded their statements. It is a violation of the law to beat them in judicial custody. This must stop,\" said M Luqman Nadvi of the All-India Milli Council (Maharashtra). Activist M A Khalid said, \"We do not support those who assaulted journalists and police personnel, but protest against the harassment of mere bystanders.\"Milli Council's Abdur Rahman 'Milli' called for an impartial investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15859385", "title": "Bus catches fire near Sola bridge", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation (GSRTC) bus caught fire near Sola flyover on Monday morning.The driver evacuated the passengers before the flames spread from the engine where the fire started, to the floor of the bus. A team of Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) rushed to the spot and doused the flames.AFES officials got a call at 9.40 am from Ajanta Circle near Sola flyover about the fire.\"The bus was running between Sarkhej and Gandhinagar and was full with commuters. The passengers first smelt smoke after which the driver got down and checked the engine in the rear. It was then detected that a spark had caused the fire,\" an AFES official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15859560", "title": "Amdavadis to get glimpse into life at IIM-A", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Amdavadis will get an opportunity to see the classrooms where global business leaders studied and blossomed. The Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) will take Amdavadis on a tour of its campus as part of the silver jubilee of the institute's marketing fair.'Insight 2012', also called the 'Great Ahmedabad Mela', will throw the fair open to international students from Stanford University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology for the first time.\"On the marketing fair's 25th anniversary, there will be many new initiatives. The event is open to all age groups and is the only opportunity for them to sit in the classrooms and learn about life inside IIM-A. We will also show a small documentary about IIM-A, its making and principles,\" said Rushiraj Patel, secretary, Insight 2012.To be held on September 29 and 30, the event will also hold market research and competitions for students from various schools in Ahmedabad.\"We expect about 10,000 footfalls this year. Insight 2012 will also hold speaker sessions for the first time. It has invited founders of the event who now lead well known global and Indian companies,\" said Patel.Registered participants at the event will also get an opportunity to run a retail store for a day.Started in 1986, the event's founders include IIM-A alumni like Kapil Kapoor, global chief operating officer of Timex and the first secretary of Insight, Kumar Ramanathan, director-commercial, analytics - Asia, Middle East and Asia Pacific, Suman Srivastava, founder, Marketing Unplugged, Srikant Gokhale, visiting professor at IIM-A, Ajay Srinivasan, chief executive ( financial services ), Aditya Birla Group , and Harish Bhat, chief executive officer and managing director, Tata Global Beverages.The fair's inauguration date has been planned to coincide with World Heart Day, with plans to integrate 'The Joy of Giving' week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15856441", "title": "3 from Nepal held for killing kin in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three people from Nepal have been arrested for allegedly strangling a relative over a property dispute.Shiv Raj (28), Jang Bahadur alias Raju (23), and Dharam Pal (43) \u2014 residents of Kanchanpur district of Mahakali Aanchal in Nepal \u2014 were arrested from Anand Vihar ISBT on Sunday when they were about to board a bus for Uttar Pradesh from where they could have crossed into Nepal, said additional CP (central) Devesh Srivastav.According to police, Ram Chander, who stays in Sector 18 in Noida, complained on August 24 that the trio had killed his brother Padam Bahadur, who had come to Delhi on August 18 from his village in Nepal and put up with the sister of Raju in Karol Bagh.Initially, Raju's brother-in-law told Ram that Padam had expired. He identified the body and took it to Nepal for last rites, police said. Later, Ram came to know that Raju had a personal enmity with his brother over a plot Padam had bought in Nepal after Raju, too, expressed interest in it.The post-mortem report also suggested the cause of death as \"manual strangulation\". \"On the night of August 18, all of them had liquor and then Raju started quarreling with Padam. They caught the victim from back and Dharam Pal hit his head on a wall while Shiv Raj hit him. While Raju and Shiv Raj pinned him down, Dharam Pal strangled him to death,\" said Srivastav.The accused removed Padam's wristwatch and mobile phone to avoid his identification. Both items have been recovered from Shiv Raj's house, the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15869239", "title": "Carjackers belong to good families: Cops", "text": "LUDHIANA: Carjackers Harjot Singh alias Jodha and Sukhwinder Singh, who were arrested on Saturday night for their attempt to snatch a car and kidnap a man and his son at gunpoint, belong to well-off families of Moga district.CIA in charge Gurbans Singh Bains said, \"Kingpin Satvir Singh alias Satta, a resident of Demru Kalan village, was a sportsman in the Indian Army. Two months ago he deserted the Army to join the gang. Reportedly, he also owns some land in his village.\"DCP Gurpreet Singh Toor said, \"The accused are drug addicts and committed crimes to get easy money.\" Sources said Harjot Singh, who is a resident of Dhalle Ke Village, is the son of a farmer who also owns land in the village. During a raid at their residence, Harjot's father told police that he knew his son would meet his fate one day as he was in bad company, sources added.Talking about Sukhwinder, the DCP said he too belonged to a good family with some of his close relatives settled abroad. \"Sukhwinder's father was shocked when he came to know about his son's deeds. He too owns land in Moga,\" he added.Reportedly, some of the gang members were booked for involvement in contract killing of a person in Moga.Police have launched raids at various locations to search the kingpin of the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15865534", "title": "VAT rules should have been simple", "text": "The apprehensions, of buyers being taken for a ride, are not unjustified. The government should have kept a uniform value-added tax instead of breaking it up into different categories. This may leave room for manipulation by both property sellers and government officials. The opacity has already caused a lot of confusion and things can get only worse when people start getting the bills.Related story : CAs for 1% VAT as sales taxmen, developers spar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "calangute (goa)", "code": "15865754", "title": "7 students from Jaipur hurt in Goa brawl", "text": "CALANGUTE (GOA): Seven tourists from Jaipur, all students, were injured in a brawl between tourists and taxi divers at Calangute in Goa on Monday. Four taxi drivers were arrested in this connection, and more are likely to be arrested.Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo said the incident occurred around 11.30am when a group of students from Jaipur arrived in a bus at Calangute circle. While most of the students went to the beach, around seven of them stayed back at the parking area. One of them, Subhash Soni, was leaning against a taxi when the driver, Gajanan Sopte, asked him not to do so.Talking to TOI, Sopte said the tourist was sitting on his bumper and he asked him to get up. An altercation followed between the two and Sopte allegedly slapped Soni. In retaliation, Soni's friends, some of whom are weightlifters, confronted Sopte and hit him on the face, knocked him down, and then kicked him as he lay on the ground. Sopte then lost consciousness.Taxi drivers in the area rushed to Sopte's aid. Some of them came with iron rods and sticks and allegedly assaulted the tourists, smashed the windows of the bus, and also allegedly attempted to set it on fire. One of the tourists suffered a fracture of his elbow.Some of the tourists, students of Networking Institute in Jaipur, Rajasthan, phoned their friends who were on the beach asking for help. A witness to the violence called up the police, who reached the spot just as the mob was allegedly about to set the bus on fire. With the arrival of the police, the taxi drivers attempted to escape.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bicholim/keri", "code": "15862391", "title": "Navelim unites to take on Sesa might", "text": "BICHOLIM/KERI: Navelim in Bicholim taluka observed a 12-hour peaceful bandh to protest against the functioning of Sesa Goa's coke plant in the village. Villagers resolved to get the plant shut down.Despite heavy rain, villagers for the first time in the history of Navelim, forgetting their differences on the basis of political parties and caste, united to participate in the protest held from 6am to 6pm. All the schools, higher secondary schools, shops, establishments, commercial institutions, government and semi-government offices were closed today.No untold incidents were reported by the Bicholim police. MLA Pramod Sawant as well as former MLA, Pratap Gawas, too participated in the protest march. Women, holding their children in their laps, participated at the public meeting held in front of the village panchayat even though it was raining.In the morning, the protest march commenced with villagers holding placards 'Save Navelim, throw Sesa out', 'We don't want pollutants', 'We want clean air, clean water'. About 1,500 women, children, youth and students participated in the protest march. All were strongly against the reckless pollution caused by the plant.North Goa collector Mihir Vardhan, Bicholim deputy collector Narayan Gad, Bicholim mamlatdar Chandrakant Shetkar and police inspector Ninad Deulkar visited Navelim. \"We have since taken all mitigating and preventive measures, including sidelining of all such high capacity burners, and for the last 10 days, there are no further incidents of that nature. The use of these diesel burners is for the initial startup of the coke ovens; it is a one-time activity,\" said R Krishnagopal, associate vice president, corporate communication, Sesa Goa .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15872013", "title": "Small is beautiful for Baroda royals", "text": "VADODARA: Guess where the scion of royal Gaekwad family may make his new abode after moving out of the grand Laxmi Vilas Palace? Most royal families who convert their palaces into heritage hotels either shift into palatial bungalows or stay back in a portion of their palace. But Samarjitsinh Gaekwad isn't exactly following this tradition .Instead of shifting into a big bungalow, the 45-year-old wants a modest house right behind the palace. The new home will come up in what was originally called the 'lion's den' in the palace compound . \"We are just six in our family. I want to build a small house that would be comfortable and have enough space for all of us. Frankly, I would be happy to live in a three-bedroom house,\" Samarjitsinh told TOI.Laxmi Vilas Palace has 150 rooms and was considered one of the largest residential structures in the country when it was built in 1890.\"It is not easy to live in a huge palace. One has to walk across long alleys and big rooms all the time. Someday, I would love to open my house with a key and just walk into my room without any hassle.\"The lion's den previously housed a private zoo that was home to wild animals like tigers , lions and bears. The late Fatehsinhrao Gaekwad, Samarjitsinh's uncle, was fond of wildlife and looked after the zoo. However, after his death in 1988 the animals were shifted out and the place was abandoned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15853109", "title": "Taliban, Pakistani security forces clash in Bajaur; 36 killed", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Clashes between Pakistani security forces and Taliban militants have left 36 people, a majority of them rebels, dead in Bajaur tribal region over the past three days, military sources said on Monday.Two members of a tribal militia, which is backed by the army, and three soldiers were killed during the clashes with militants in Batwar area of Bajaur Agency.A total of 31 militants were killed in the fighting, the sources said.Five security personnel were injured, the sources said. \"Most of the areas have been cleared of militants. However, the operation is still continuing to evict a few remaining militants in Batwar area,\" a military source said.The sources said the militants launched attacks on Pakistani border posts and villages from bases on the Afghan side of the border.The Pakistan Army says several militant leaders fled to Afghanistan following military operations in 2008-09.On the other hand, the Pakistani Taliban claimed that fighting had continued for the fourth day in Bajaur Agency.Taliban spokesman Ihsanullah Ihsan claimed in a statement that scores of Pakistani soldiers were killed along with members of the tribal militia.\"Eight bodies are in our custody, including four of the army and four of peace committee men,\" Ihsan said.He claimed the Taliban captured four army vehicles and managed to destroy a tank.\"Just three (militants) received injuries in this whole battle,\" he claimed.He further claimed that Taliban had gained control of Salarzai district in Bajaur and more fighters would soon join the battle. His claims could not be independently verified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15865309", "title": "After rain, potholes dot VIP areas", "text": "JAIPUR: If the governor, chief minister and other ministers want to have a look at the condition of roads after every rain, they don't have to go far. Just step out of their house and see the damage for themselves.If the slum areas are inundated, the VIP areas and posh colonies are no better.The road in front of Raj Bhawan is damaged. Besides, a portion of the road in Civil Lines in front of Sodala police station caved-in.Despite spending a staggering Rs 190crore on construction of roads ahead of the Pravasi Bhartiya Diwas, the civic bodies are now left red-faced over the condition of roads. However, a senior engineer of JDA said: \"All VIP roads were not repaired during PBD. We have repaired roads as per the requirement.\" Also, JDA engineers explained that due to continuous rain, water remains on the road for longer duration and with passage of vehicles, they are getting damaged.In fact, the apathy of JMC officials too stood exposed as they failed to clean the drains on time and waterlogging became common in VIP areas. Both sides of the VIP Road between Bais Godam flyover and Civil Lines circle, where many ministers' houses are located, were under knee-deep water. Agreeing to the fact, Jaipur Municipal Corporation, sanitation committee chairman Roshan Saini said: \"The contractor of the Civil Lines area has not cleaned the nullahs properly. In this regard, I have issued a notesheet to mayor Jyoti Khandelwal and JMC chief executive officer (CEO) Lok Nath Soni not to make payments without sanitation committee consent.\" There are approximately 177 drains in the Civil Lines zone. The heavy monsoon downpour wrecked havoc on VIP roads, which got inundated and resulted in traffic jams in the area.Apart from VIP area, several arterial and other roads in the city, which were recently re-laid by the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA), have been battered due to heavy rain.The patch work on roads carried out by the civic authorities on Ajmer Road , Vaishali Nagar , Raja Park , C-Scheme has been eroded at several places leaving craters deep enough for vehicles to cave in after the rains .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15849495", "title": "\u2018Drought-hit list driven by ministers\u2019 interests\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Monday caught flak for the \"haste\" in declaring drought in 123 talukas.In the light of state's failure to illicit a concrete assurance on drought assistance from the Centre, opposition leader in the legislative council Vinod Tawde accused the government of being unprepared while presenting its case. He also accused the administration of not adhering to norms to identify drought-hit areas.He alleged that the state's move to consider areas with 75% rainfall and up to 75% area under sowing as affected under the Drought Prone Area Programme (DPAP) was driven by \"the intention of including areas represented by key ministers\u2014Chhagan Bhujbal, RR Patil, Ajit Pawar, Patangrao Kadam, Balasaheb Thorat\u2014among those eligible for benefits\". While \"extreme drought\" conditions prevail in 69 other talukas, Tawde said that he would not be surprised if areas that are represented by these ministers and are relatively well-off get priority in relief works. He also questioned the absence of drought-hit talukas from the Konkan belt in the list.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia strongly disputed the allegation that the state had failed to make its case adequately before the Centre. \"There is a process to be followed while disbursing assistance,\" Chavan said. Banthia said the central planning commission will meet this week to decide on the demand for mitigation funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15851075", "title": "Technical error led to freeway mishap: Report", "text": "MUMBAI: The eastern freeway mishap, which claimed the life of a labourer and injured seven others on July 19 after the hanging concrete segments fell on them, was due to a technical error in the girder launching machine.An interim report submitted to the metropolitan administration suggested that one of the jacks or foundations of the launching girder installed on the pillars slipped first.Heavy concrete segments weighing over 1,000 tonnes were hung to the girder launcher at Shanti Nagar in Wadala when it slipped resulting in the entire machine and segments falling on the road below.\"As one of the jacks failed, the launching girder (made of steel) lost its balance due to concrete segments hung to it which resulted in the girder's main foundation on another pillar also slipping from its position leading to the breaking of the steel girder from the middle,\" said MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana.A three-member technical committee\u2014headed by IIT-B professor Ravi Sinha-\u2014is probing the mishap and is expected to submit its final report about reasons for the jack failure on August 31.\"The committee's report on the cause, the reasons involved and the suggestions and recommendations will form the basis for our future course of action,\" said Asthana pointing out that stern action will be taken against the people involved in the construction.The freeway construction has got delayed by a month. The freeway is being built by MMRDA's contractor Simplex Infrastructure Ltd., which was also the contractor for the Lalbaug flyover construction where a cement block had fallen in April.In the Lalbaug mishap case the contractor has already been served a notice blacklisting the company for the next two years.The July 19 accidentOne person died and five others were injured on July 19 after the segment launching truss (made of steel) fell on the segments between the two pillars of the under-construction Eastern Freeway at Shanti Nagar in Wadala. While four of the seven injured sustained serious injuries, three others were discharged from hospital after a few days of medication. It is considered as one of the major mishaps at any construction site considering the weight of the flyover's cement concrete segments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15869774", "title": "14 couples dance to celebrate friendship", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ludhianvis definitely know how to celebrate life and friendship. A lazy Sunday came to life with a group of party revellers organizing a dance party at a pub on Ferozepur Road.The club DJ dished out some up tempo numbers from the console and made sure everyone was on the dance floor grooving to the beats. With their jhatkas and matkas, they danced away as if there was no tomorrow. This was followed by party games, including tambola, snooker, bowling alley. And since no party is complete without food, the club dished out sumptuous veg and non-veg snacks to go along with a variety of drinks.Among the 14 couples who enjoyed the dance party included, residents of Basant Avenue Gagandeep Singh and wife Rinky, residents of Model Town Gagan Chabbra, Rupan Khurna and Smily Arora, Ripu Khalsa and Guddiya of Dugri, Lucky Sobti and Pawan, Shivai Dhawan and Divya of South City, Sunny Sachdeva and Preeti of Model Town, Sanju Sayal and Preeti of Field Ganj, Rajan Khurana and Rinku of Model Town, Bawa Jolly and Loveleen, Boney Jolly and Navneet of Dugri, Honey Sobti and Harleen of Janta Enclave, Rinkle and Joyti of Model Town, Divjot Singh and Ripan Miglani of BRS Nagar. These couples take out time from their busy schedules, once every three months, to celebrate life and friendship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15862288", "title": "Finally, Facebook to delete embarrassing photos forever", "text": "LONDON: In a good news for Facebook users, the social networking website has finally decided to remove millions of embarrassing and inappropriate pictures forever after keeping them for years against users' wishes.Until recently, any pictures erased from an account would in fact remain stored by Facebook and anyone who had the direct link to that picture could therefore still view it. Now the pictures erased by a user will permanently be wiped from the system within 14 days, but with a potential maximum delay of 30 days, The 'Daily Mail' reported.Pictures will be immediately removed from view on a user's account from the moment they delete it. This issue was first raised three years ago after a 28-year-old Cambridge student discovered that pictures he had deleted from the site were still available for all to see if they had saved a link to them.Bonneau told the Sunday Times that Facebook has taken a very long time to bring the change. \"It has taken them a very long time to do it because this change probably represents a huge engineering effort,\" Bonneau said.\"The lesson hopefully to other companies is to build in privacy right form the start, because if you don't get it right first time, it can be a huge effort to fix,\" he added.Research suggests that up to 91% of employers now use social sites such as MySpace , Twitter, Facebook, Flickr and LinkedIn to screen job applicants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15869475", "title": "Lohardaga cops punish couples at park", "text": "Lohardaga: In another case of police heavy-handedness, three couples were made to do sit-ups as punishment after they were spotted at the Ajay Udyan (park) in the district. Several other couples managed to flee the park. The residents of the area told the police young couple often use the park to indulge in 'immoral activities'. \"Some couples were caught in objectionable positions. Three of them were taken to the police station. Their parents were called and allowed to take them home with a warning,\" said Purn Chandra Deogam, officer-in-charge of the town police station.The park was named after slain SP Ajay Kumar and is run by Shahid Ajay Kumar Singh Trust, which is headed by the Lohardaga SP. \"We will give instructions to the guards of the park to inform the police in case of such immoral deeds taking place at the park,\" said Chandrashekhar Agrawal, treasurer of the Trust.Activist Manorma Ekka said guardians were responsible for such behaviour of their children in public places. \"Parents must take more care about the engagements of their children in and on the way to colleges and coaching centers and must take disciplinary action to guide them towards a decent life, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15851630", "title": "Misuse of dowry act provision", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Monday asked the government to spell out its stand on amending the act relating to dowry harassment.Observing that section 498 A of the Indian Penal Code relating to dowry harassment was being misused, the division bench headed by Justice K Bhakthavatsala said: It is being increasingly misused because as per the Act when a woman files a complaint, police register the case. And without verifying the correctness of the case, they arrest the husband and his family members.''The bench suggested that instead of police directly registering the case, the victim can file a complaint with the Karnataka State Legal Services Authority. After three or six months, if the case/complaint is genuine, police can take further action. \"It will reduce the number of divorce cases and also avoid the misuse of 498A provision,\" observed the bench while hearing a petition related to a domestic violence incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15879044", "title": "Sonia Gandhi attacks BJP's politics of blackmail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress president Sonia Gandhi has criticised the principal opposition party for holding Parliament to ransom and said that the BJP is mocking people of India.Addressing party MPs, the Congress chief accused the BJP of having scant respect for Parliament.She said blackmail has become political bread and butter of BJP.Sending out a strong message to partymen, Sonia urged them to fight intemperate politics of opposition.\"We have nothing to hide or to be defensive about,we have performed well,\" Sonia told the Congress MPs.Politics of blackmail and holding parliament to ransom does not augur well for the nation, she said at the CPP meeting.Congress to take to the streets: Manish TewariAddressing mediamen after the CLP meeting, Congress leader Manish Tewari said that the party cadres will take to the streets to expose the BJP.\"Under the directions of party chief Sonia Gandhi, lakhs of Congress workers will hit the streets to expose the BJP,\" Manish Tewari said.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15864441", "title": "Teams constituted to check adulteration", "text": "INDORE: The district administration has constituted nine teams to take action against the adulterators. The teams are expected to visit different parts of the city and act against adulterators after identifying them.An official statement said teams have been set up to act against illegal storage of cooking gas, illegal sale of kerosene and unhealthy food items. In addition to this a separate team has been formed to inspect fuels and machines at city petrol pumps.It is to be noted that two days back administration has taken action against 15 shops selling food items and penalized with fine. Now to expand the areas of their drive they have included petrol pump and other items also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15862482", "title": "Now, permanent cure for high blood pressure", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have developed a radical therapy that could provide a permanent cure for high blood pressure by zapping the kidneys with radio waves.The breakthrough by researchers from Baker IDI Heart and Diabetes Institute of Melbourne , Australia could bring hope to thousands of patients who do not respond to drugs.The procedure known as renal denervation may be available on UK's National Health Service as early as next year after trials showed it produced dramatic improvements in the condition, the Daily Mail reported.High blood pressure is a risk factor in heart disease, stroke, and kidney failure. Changes in lifestyle, such as cutting back on salt and alcohol and exercising, can control blood pressure and there are a number of drug treatments available. Many who are on medication, as many as five different types, still have difficulty with it. It is this group who can be helped.The technique uses a burst of radiofrequency energy delivered through a catheter to knock out a number of tiny nerves that run in the lining of the arteries of the kidney.High blood pressure is sometimes caused by faulty signals from the brain to these nerves. Latest findings from a trial showed reductions in blood pressure persist for at least 18 months after treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "15861707", "title": "Tribal girl sold by grandmother", "text": "NAWADA: Confirming the growing lust for money over family ties, a 12-year-old tribal girl was sold by her maternal grandmother for Rs 12,000 to a person from Uttar Pradesh, who in turn re-sold her to yet another associate for the same amount. Meanwhile, the girl delivered a child who did not live beyond three days. She was finally dumped at her maternal grandmother's home. The police have arrested the girl's \"mausi\" (mother's sister) and four men from UP in this connection.According to sources, 14-year-old Kiran Kumari, daughter of Rajo Turia of Itpakwa village under Kawaukol police station in Nawada district, was sent to live with her maternal grandmother, Urmila Devi, wife of Bhuneshwar Turia, of Rupabel village under Khaira police station in Jamui district when she was 6 years old so that she could familiarize herself with household chores. But when Kiran attained the age of 11 three years back, her grandmother and \"mausi\" Gayatri Devi colluded with Sumerlal of Pilibhit district (UP) and sold her in 2009 to Santram, son of Moonglal of Biharipur village in Bareilly district of UP for Rs 12,000. Sumerlal's wife, incidentally, hails from Rupabel village.After ravishing her for three months, Santram sold her to one, Chetram of Kaboolpur village in Pilibhit district for Rs 13,000. Kiran was physically abused for three consecutive years and gave birth to a child which died within three days of birth. Kiran was finally dumped at her maternal grandmother's place at Rupabel on August 25, 2012. Her grandmother sent her to her daughter, Gayatri Devi's 'sasural' at Bijho village under Kawaukol PS where Gayatri tried to sell her off to one, Dalchand, son of Dodram of Arajidahgal village under Sonegarhi PS under Pilibhit district for Rs 12,000.But before the girl could be resold yet again to Dalchand, the local police got a whiff of the 'deal' and rescued Kiran. The Kawaukol police arrested Gayatri Devi along with Chetram, Laukiram, Sumerlal and Dalchand on the basis of Kiran's statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15863496", "title": "Students to compete in Swami's name", "text": "PANAJI: How would you educate students about the life and works of Swami Vivekananda during his 150{+t}{+h} birth anniversary year?The directorate of education and the State Council for Educational Research and Training (SCERT) have decided to do this through quizzes, storytelling, skits and other competitions.The quiz contest will be for students from Classes VIII to X. Each school will hold their own quizzes and select the best three students who will compete at the state-level competition on October 5.Knowing about the life and works of Swami Vivekananda will bag the best team in the state a first prize of 4,500, among other prizes.Students of Classes XI and XII will compete with the best essays in Hindi, English, Marathi and Konkani.This too will first be held internally in each institute and the best essays will compete at the state-level contest on December 5.Relevance of the thought of Swami Vivekananda and India a Super Power-Swami Vivekananda's Perspective, are among the topics allotted by SCERT.On December 7, a state-level skit competition will be held at Panaji's Mushtifund Higher Secondary School where up to 10 students from each school will participate.The skits will have to be based on the life of Swami Vivekananda.The winning team will take home 4,000 as prize money, while six other prizes, including for the best scriptwriter and director, will also be up for grabs.On January 11, 2013, a drawing competition will be held at Kala Academy where teachers will display the best entries on the life of Swami Vivekananda from their school. A prize of 4,000 will be awarded to the best entry.Besides the competitions, a seminar will also be held for teachers at the Swami Vivekananda High School in Borim.Teachers will have to submit a paper on the teachings of Swami Vivekananda from an educational perspective. The presentation of the best 10 papers chosen will be carried out at the Borim school on November 28, this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "begusarai", "code": "15862030", "title": "Begusarai girl not raped: Doctors", "text": "BEGUSARAI: The report of the three-member medical board formed to conduct the medical examination of a Class XI student of the local S K Mahila College has negated her gang-rape allegation. Begusarai SP Kshatranil Singh on Monday said the report submitted by the board says doctors found the girl bore no sign of rape on her body. Moreover, the board has also not found any external or internal injury on her body thus completely discarding her gang-rape allegation.Besides, several facts mentioned in the FIR lodged by the girl contradict the police investigation like the location of the mobile towers, which should have been in Samastipur at the time of the incident, are found elsewhere. Moreover, the girl's father is charged with assaulting his brother in a property dispute and an FIR to this effect was lodged against him with the Matihani police station a few days before lodging of FIR by the girl. The girl's father is at large in the case.When asked if any legal action would be taken against the girl and her maternal grandfather for lodging a false case, the SP said a police team had also been sent to Samastipur for investigation where according to the complainant, she was kept in confinement and found herself in a naked state after gaining consciousness. If the investigation there also goes against the allegations made in the FIR, appropriate legal action would definitely be taken against the duo for concocting a false case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15861161", "title": "C K Menon bags P V Sami memorial award", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Prominent NRI businessman C K Menon has been selected for this year's P V Sami memorial industrial and socio-cultural award.Menon is the chairman and managing director of the Qatar-based Behzad Group of Companies. P V Gangadharan, trustee of the P V Sami memorial trust, said chief minister Oommen Chandy will present the award on Saturday at a function to be held at the Tagore Hall. Union minister for overseas Indian affairs Vayalar Ravi will preside over the function.The winner was selected by a jury headed by the chairman and managing director of Mathrubhumi M P Veerendrakumar, C K Ramachandran and film director Sathyan Anthikkad.Tourism minister A P Anil Kumar will inaugurate the P V Sami memorial meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15859194", "title": "Old man tries to immolate self", "text": "MADURAI: Tension prevailed at the district collectorate after a 64-year-old man tried to immolate himself, complaining that some people in his area are trying to snatch away the free government housing plot given to him and that officials are not taking action in spite of his repeated petitions. When the public grievance redressal day was in process, K Natarajan from Sakkimangalam came to submit his petition but he suddenly doused kerosene on him and tried to set him ablaze. The police personnel and officials, who found this stopped him and poured water on him.In his petition, Natarajan had stated that he was from the SC community earning his income by weaving mats and baskets and along with his family members he used to go around places for selling his produce. Along with 62 other families from his community, he was allotted a free land in the village and he had been living there along with his family. Whenever the family went out to sell the mats and baskets, two persons from the locality, Vadamal and his son Nagasundaram allegedly used to destroy their huts and tried to encroach their housing plots. The family upon returning used to restore their houses. It used to continue for some time and recently Vadamal and Nagasundaram started selling off these free lands by forging the land documents, Natarajan charged in his petition. He also claimed that in spite of filing a police complaint with Silaiman police, no action was taken.When he was brought before the district collector, Anshul Mishra, he chided him for resorting to the immolation act and asked the police if there was anyone behind who instigated him to attempt suicide. Mishra told Natarajan that he should have approached him with a petition instead of trying such extreme measures. He also assured him that he will look into his petition and take necessary action. However, Tallakulam police filed case against Natarajan on charges of suicide attempt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15861578", "title": "RTI man harassing us: Mapusa chief officer", "text": "MAPUSA: A Right to Information (RTI) activist from Bardez has to face the police for seeking information under the RTI Act. The chief officer of the Mapusa municipal council (MMC), Hanumant Toraskar, has lodged a police complaint against RTI activist Deepak Gadekar claiming that he has been paralyzing his office with RTI applications.In a complaint lodged with the Mapusa police station, the MMC chief officer said Deepak Gadekar had been filing RTIs with the council even though he is not a resident of Mapusa and many a times he was \"found paralyzing this office by way of RTI\".The MMC chief officer alleged his office has provided Gadekar all the valid information sought by him but the activist creates unnecessary trouble to his office. Gadekar said, availing information under RTI was his right and that council officials were scared of the probing RTI queries and the police complaint was meant to deter him from filing RTI applications with the civic authority.Gadekar is a RTI activist and president of the Mapusa-based NGO 'Pratishta' and has in the past exposed several illegalities within the MMC and the police department.Gadekar has claimed that the police complaint was with the ulterior motive to create fear in his mind. In his statements to the Mapusa police, Gadekar said that he visits the MMC for submission of his personal request applications, to seek information and had not created any trouble to the MMC office. Gadekar has approached the vigilance department that the act of the chief officer has defamed him and caused inconvenience to his organization and demanded disciplinary proceedings against him.\"This act of the public officer is pure corruptive and is unbecoming of a government servant as per Indian Civil Service Conduct Rules and against the spirit of Right to Information Act, 2005. It is against the rights of the spirited citizens and whistleblowers of this society who try to expose corruption from government offices,\" Gadekar said.In a complaint to the directorate of vigilance, Gadekar has requested for an inquiry against the chief officer and a recommendation to initiate disciplinary proceedings against him, prior to his retirement which is due within the next two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15852069", "title": "Security agencies unmoved by Naxal audio-visual propaganda", "text": "NAGPUR: The security agencies engaged in anti-Naxal operations seem to be viewing the audio-visual propaganda of Naxals, presently making the rounds in the form of clippings on mobile phones in the red stronghold of Gadchiroli, as nothing different than regular party activities.The clippings highlight the rebels' dream to capture power in the country and also see their red flag fluttering atop the Red Fort. But the agencies are not attaching much significance to the propaganda clips and have not even alerted their counterparts in New Delhi.The clippings, which already reached media houses too, are not considered threatening by senior officials. They claim that the contents are nothing new.The clippings have dramatic and bold visual graphics showing the Indian map with regions where the reds have established 'domination'. The series of images culminate in an Indian map in red with the rebels' symbol at the heart.The lyrics of the background track in Madia dialect of Central India urges the guerrilla comrades to gather strength to fight the capitalist enemies, who want to target the land, forest and water of the tribal people. While the revolutionary songs try to boost the morale of rebel fighters, their 'revolutionary' battles are highlighted with images of guerrillas in action during training and their sacrifices.The exploits of the Naxals at Rani Bodli in Chhattisgarh, where 55 policemen were killed and the post was looted in 2007, were among the highlights. The clippings also boast of defeating government sponsored concepts like Salwa Judum in Chhattisgarh. The presentation also demands halting of the ongoing Operation Green Hunt in the Naxal strongholds. The work of senior and martyr cadres like Anuradha Gandhy, referred to as Jankidevi, and Patel Sudhakar was also highlighted.\"Around a week ago we had got hint of the clippings making the rounds in the district. Naxals frequently resort to propaganda in different forms, and the latest one is also part of such activities,\" said deputy inspector general of police, Naxal range, Ravindra Kadam. The experienced officer said the propaganda material was circulated in Bhamragarh taluka also, where agencies were able to get some copies of it.Inspector general of police Anup Kumar Singh, heading the state Anti-Naxal operation (ANO) cell, too categorically said his unit has not forwarded the material to any other agency as it does not add to the threat perception.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15865519", "title": "Drains neglected since \u201981: Govt", "text": "JAIPUR: The Amanisha Nullah (dry riverbed) that houses Jaipur's maximum number of illegal residential colonies and is currently the city's worst hit part due to the intermittent heavy rainfall that started last Tuesday, has not been cleaned since it last flooded here in 1981.Energy minister Jitendra Singh and minister of state for disaster management and relief Brijendra Singh Ola made the admission after the state disaster management authority's meeting, presided by chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Monday.It was decided at the meeting that the Rs 100 crore drainage-repair package that the chief minister announced for the city a day earlier, would emphasise on clearing the Nullah's natural watercourses around Shastri Nagar, Subhash Nagar and Bani Park localities, besides desilting the Jawahar Nagar, Brahmpuri and Nag-Talai Nullahs.The state government has also decided to deny water and electricity connections to any kind of illegal buildings\u2014residential, commercial or institutional\u2014that comes up in the catchment areas of Nullah or dams in future. The government is even considering to withdraw drinking water and electricity supplies to the existing encroachers, too.\"Amanisha Nullah has not been cleaned since the 1981 floods and this is one of the major water-logging reasons in the low-lying colonies here. Part of the Rs 100 crore package will be used to clean Amanishah and other Nullahs in the city,\" energy minister Singh told reporters after the disaster management meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15858086", "title": "South Western Railway to run special trains to clear rush", "text": "HUBLI: South Western Railway (SWR) is running one-way express special trains from Yeshwantpur to Guwahati (train No. 06545), and Yeshwantpur-Ernakulam Garib Rath Express (train No. 06549).Accordingly, Yeshwantpur-Guwahati Express Special (train No. 06545), which has left Yeshwantpur at 23:55 hrs on Sunday, arrives at Guwahati at 08:15 hrs on Tuesday.Yeshwantpur-Ernakulam Junction Garib Rath (train No. 06549), being run as Onam special service, will depart Yehwantpur at 23:15 hrs on August 29, and arrive at Ernakulam at 12:15 hrs, the next day.En route, the train will touch Banaswadi (at 23:38 hrs), Hosur (00:26 hrs), Dharmapuri (01:58 hrs), Omalur (03:40 hrs), Salem (03:55 hrs), Erode (05:15 hrs), Tiruppur (06:18 hrs), Coimbatore (07:25 hrs), Podannur (07:40 hrs), Palghat (08:35 hrs), Ottapalam (09:03 hrs), Shoranur 'B' Cabin (09:35 hrs), Thrissur (10:05 hrs), Aluva (11:10 hrs) before reaching Ernakulam town (11:33 hrs).Augmentation of coachesSWR will augment some additional coaches to the following trains to clear passenger rush in some trains.Accordingly, Vasco-da-Gama-Nizamuddin-Vasco-da-Gama Goa Express (train No. 12779/ 12780) will be augmented with an additional 3-tier AC coach from August 29 from Vasco-da-Gama-end, and from August 31 from Nizamuddin-end. In the revised composition, the train will comprise 22 coaches (instead of the present 21).Bhubaneswar-Yeshwantpur-Bhubaneswar Weekly Express (train No. 12845/ 12846) has been augmented with an additional 3-tier AC coach since Sunday from Bhubaneswar-end. The augmentation from Yeshwantpur-end will be done from Tuesday. In the revised composition, the train will comprise of 22 coaches (instead of the 21 coaches).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15854045", "title": "Infections turn virulent, bring Mumbai under weather", "text": "MUMBAI: Neha Taki, a 19-year-old college student, did not suspect anything serious when she began sneezing last week. Soon however, she developed chest congestion and found it difficult to breathe. As her condition worsened, she was rushed to hospital. Doctors diagnosed her with pneumonia and she was admitted to intensive care.\"We thought it was seasonal cold, which is why we gave her the usual medicines. We did not suspect that viral infections could be so severe,\" said Neha's mother Suman.Taki is one of the many such instances being reported from across Mumbai. Doctors say that viral cases are not only rising in number this month but also getting more virulent. They also note a shift in symptoms. \"Respiratory viral cases are coming aplenty,\" said Dr Hemant Thacker, who consults in Jaslok and Breach Candy hospitals. \"The infections are short, sharp and strong, but the symptoms are disappearing sooner.\"Apart from the classic symptoms of cough, cold and runny nose, patients are reporting severe body aches and headaches. \"Patients get high-grade fever, which subsides by the fourth or fifth day with symptomatic medication. However, weakness is persistent in these cases for a few more days,\" said Dr Shahid Barmare, a consultant physician with Kohinoor Hospital at Kurla. Many times, patients have to be admitted to hospital, like Taki.\"Many people develop pneumonia and come with very low blood pressure. Earlier, 5% of patients had to be admitted to hospital, now the figure is almost 30%. Currently, we have two patients in intensive care since they suffered from breathlessness and severe chest congestion,\" said Dr Khusrav Bajan, an intensivist at Hinduja Hospital.Doctors say that, in the past, a person would suffer viral infection once a year; now though, they notice the same person falling prey repeatedly. \"Frequent swings in the temperature and mutation of the virus can be attributed for this change. However, it is the ones with existing lung problems like asthma , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, underlying tuberculosis or diabetes that come to us with viral infections every few weeks,\" said Dr Barmare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15852759", "title": "20 state ayurveda colleges told not to enrol students", "text": "BANGALORE: It might be empty classrooms in many ayurveda colleges across the state this academic year. For, the central government has denied 20 colleges the permission to admit students for academic year 2012-13.These colleges failed to meet requirements like qualified faculty, at least one teacher in each department and hospital facilities.Karnataka has the dubious distinction of having the maximum number of ayurveda colleges being denied permission for admission. There are 58 ayurveda colleges in the state, 57 of which are under the Rajiv Gandhi University of Health Sciences (RGUHS).The prescribed norms also include parameters like the number of beds, out-patient department ( OPD) attendance and in-patient department (IPD) bed occupancy.\"We haven't received any intimation yet on denial of permission for admission. The UG admission in these colleges doesn't come under our purview. As far as PG courses are concerned, we take admission only after the seat matrix is released by the Ayush directorate, which is still awaited,\" said D Prem Kumar, registrar, RGUHS.Experts said denial of permission is nothing new and things will be back to normal. \"Karnataka's oldest college, Government Ayurveda College in Mysore, too, was denied permission a couple of years ago. But when even MBBS private colleges have less staff and other facilities, why are only ayurveda colleges being singled out? Inability to meet basic parameters is the ugly truth in many colleges. The staff shortage can be attributed to the phenomenal growth of the education sector in the last few years,\" said KI Vasu, founder president, Vijnana Bharati, an organization promoting ayurveda.\"These colleges should be allowed to run. Let the strength of students swell and they will get the staff sooner or later,\" he added.\"Every year the government denies admission permission for many colleges and these colleges manage to escape. Denial of permission on the grounds of not meeting basic parameters is good and welcome, but the government should not be so lenient,\" JSD Pani, president, Karnataka India Medicine Manufacturers Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15863522", "title": "No water supply on September 1", "text": "KOLKATA: The city will not get any water on September 1, as the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) is set to test the capacity and efficacy of a Rs 300-crore pipeline to boost the water supply from October.Under this test project, the civic body needs to shut down the Palta waterworks for a day. \"As a result, the KMC won't be n any position to supply water to north and central Kolkata on September 1 evening,\" said an official, adding that large parts of south Kolkata would also be affected. Mayor Sovan Chatterjee said the supply would resume on September 2. According to him, the shutdown is necessary to facilitate the commissioning of the new pipeline which will supply additional water to the city.From October, residents in large parts of Kolkata will get more water with the civic body deciding to commission a new water pipeline from Palta waterworks to Tallah booster station and reservoir.This 64-inch pipeline has been laid as part of a water augmentation plan under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).The pipeline, according to KMC water supply department officials, is capable of carrying 25-30 million gallons water from Palta treatment plant.In order to check the capacity of the new pipeline, KMC has decided to pour filtered water into the pipeline from the treatment plant on September 1.Under this testing system, the civic body would need to shut down the entire waterworks for a day. As a result, the KMC water supply will be in no position to supply water in entire north and central Kolkata in the evening. Large parts of south Kolkata will also be affected, conceded a KMC water supply department official. The water supply will resume on September 2, said mayor Sovan Chatterjee. Chatterjee said that the shut down was necessary to facilitate the commissioning of the new pipeline which will supply additional water to the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15858760", "title": "Builder escapes action despite throwing traffic out of gear", "text": "NAGPUR: For over eight hours on Monday, a stretch of the busy road at Abhyankar Nagar was coated with slick mud, creating havoc for commuters. However, the negligence of the builder, who allowed the mud to flow on the road, did not attract any stringent action. The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) settled the issue by just slapping a fine of Rs10,000.Interestingly, not a single policeman turned up at the spot during the entire eight hours exercise undertaken by NMC staff to wash the mud from the road.Slamming NMC officials for not registering an FIR against the builder, leader of opposition Vikas Thakre said the issue will be raised during the general body meeting on Tuesday. \"Many two-wheeler commuters skidded on the road. Besides, the road had to be washed with water to ensure it was no longer dangerous for commuters. But no stringent action was taken against the culprits. Citizens of Abhyankar Nagar came together to help the firemen wash the entire stretch of road. Also, it was the responsibility of the police department to control the situation and take action against the culprit. But not a single policeman was at the spot,\" he said.The builder ( Ananik Adisun Infra Private Ltd) is constructing a flat scheme named 'A-square Elevate' at Shraddhanand Peth square. The entire construction site is filled with mud after rains, and the slick, wet mud was spilling from trucks transporting it away from the site. So, the sticky mud was spread over a stretch of around a kilometre from Shraddhanand Peth square to VRCE square and LAD square.The stretch between Shraddhanand Peth square and VRCE square was in very bad condition. At around 7.10am, two motorcyclists skidded in the mud. At around 7.15am, this TOI staffer informed assistant commissioner Mahesh Moroney about the seriousness of the situation. He who immediately sent officials of the health department to the site. As the road is in the jurisdiction of Laxmi Nagar Zone, officials of Dharampeth Zone called officials of that zone.TOI also reported the issue to chairman of Laxmi Nagar Zone Gopal Bohare, who also reached at 7.50am.A few labourers were then deployed to remove the mud from the road on some of the affected part. But the situation remained serious and even worsened after it rained. Thakre then came down upon NMC officials and asked them to wash the road.Two fire tenders were pressed into action at 1.10pm to wash the stretch of road from Shraddhanand Peth square to VRCE square by 2pm. This work was hampered as traffic continued to flow in the absence of policemen at the site.However, the builder continued to release the muddy water logged at the construction site into the storm water drain constructed under the footpath. The sticky mud could be seen on some portion of the road till evening.NMC's public works department later served a notice to the builder asking him to submit the building plan documents. The builder was directed to stop construction work till the end of rainy season. NMC's health department also recovered a fine of Rs10,000 from the builder.Thakre said NMC did not register an FIR with the police. \"I will demand action against NMC officials for not taking serious action against the builder. I will also demand that NMC register an FIR,\" he said.Police officials from Ambazari police station also threw the ball into NMC's court, citing the lack of a complaint. Officials from traffic police (west) claimed the responsibility of managing traffic there lies with the local police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15860044", "title": "Homeless families live in filth, stench inside public toilets", "text": "CHENNAI: The city has over 13,000 homeless people. Most of them sleep on pavements or in bus shelters. But at least two families have been living in public toilets in Chennai for several years, amid the fetid stench and filth.Sargunam, 75, smiles as she bends to wash the toilet on Bajanai Koil Street near posh Besant Nagar. Her wrinkled face and her stoop show that life has not been easy. Sargunam and her family have been living in the dilapidated Sulabh toilet complex for 20 years. A few blocks away, Kalaivvanan and Minal Kodi live in another toilet complex. They have lived there for the past 15 years.Sulabh had hired Sargunam and Kalaivvanan to maintain the toilets and gave them a room attached to the building as accommodation. Chennai Corporation took over the toilets from Sulabh five years ago but has not paid them their monthly allowance or helped them maintain the toilets.Sargunam says Dubey, a Sulabh official, put her in charge of maintenance of the toilet. \"I used to receive regular salary for a decade. Now the corporation refuses to pay me anything and I can't charge the people who use the toilets,\" she said. \"I have to buy bleaching powder, phenyl and brooms to keep the toilet clean.\"Together with her husband, John Bose, and their daughter, Bhavani, Sargunam ekes out a living by doing odd jobs. They spend around Rs 2,000 each month to clean the toilet complex, which has 11 lavatories and one bathroom.There are two toilet complexes a kilometre away. One is new and freshly painted, built by the corporation but is locked up. The other toilet is old and falling apart. Kalaivvanan and Minal Kodi live in this toilet complex. \"We earlier received Rs 40 as daily allowance, but we had to manage on our own for the past five years,\" said Minal Kodi. \"We do small jobs and much of the money we earn is spent on monthly cleaning of the toilet's septic tanks.\"Kalaivvanan says he complained to corporation officials but they threatened to throw him out of the toilet. \"The civic body constructed a new toilet complex and put me in charge of maintenance,\" he says. But no one used the new toilet because it had no water and the corporation had it locked. Kalaivvanan says people use the older toilet. \"Some people pay after using the toilet. We collect 60 to 70 each day,\" he said.\"The corporation stopped hiring people for maintenance of toilets a few months ago and gave the job to conservancy staff. We regularly clean and whitewash the toilets,\" a senior corporation official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15872075", "title": "Another power shocker: Fuel surcharge doubled", "text": "NAGPUR: If you are feeling that rates of electricity have become unbearably high then there is more bad news for you. Just a month after the power tariff hike Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) has doubled the fuel surcharge of MSEDCL. The power distributor had been demanding since long that the 10% cap on fuel surcharge should be removed. MERC had proposed to increase it to 25% but due to strong opposition from consumers it has increased to 20% instead. It will come into effect from September.At present the average fuel surcharge levied by MSEDCL was 47.46 paise per unit. Now it can go up to 94.91 paise per unit. MERC has also decided that if any supplier needed more than 20% fuel surcharge recovery in future, it can seek the Commission's approval before charging consumers.So far MSEDCL was allowed to recover fuel surcharge up to only 10% of the basic tariff. This means that if your average basic tariff was Rs 3 per unit, MSEDCL could have levied a fuel surcharge of only 30 paise per unit. With the increase in cap it can now charge up to 60 paise per unit.The actual increase in fuel surcharge will be higher due to 15% electricity duty levied by state government on domestic consumers. On commercial consumers it is 16% plus a tax on sale of electricity is also levied. However, it is not necessary that the fuel surcharge will be up to 20% of the basic tariff. It will depend on increase in prices of coal, oil and gas.Industries will be worst suffers of this decision as a difference of up to 95 paise per unit will wreck their future plans. They are already hit badly due to extremely high power tariff in the state and steel and ferro alloys industries have shifted to Chhattisgarh where tariff is far lower.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15866099", "title": "Couple jumps into the well, husband dies", "text": "VARANASI: After quarrelling, a couple jumped into a well in Doria village under Raipur police station in Sonebhadra district after which the husband died while wife was admitted to the district hospital with serious injuries on Monday.According to reports, Anil Singh Patel (21), a native of Doria village, was married to Sangita (18) last year. Sangita had arrived Anil's residence to dwell with her in-laws three months back. Reports stated that sangita had quarreled with her mother-in-law and husband on Sunday night and again on Monday morning after which she jumped into the well located outside her residence.On seeing it, Anil also jumped into the well. Before the villagers could rescue the duo, Anil died on the spot. Sangita was rushed to district hospital where her condition was stated to be critical.Student killed: Avanish Kumar Dubey, a student of class XI of Benipur village, was killed when a tractor crushed him on GT Road near Ranichatti village under Mirzamurad police station on Monday afternoon. According to reports, after the end of school hours, Avanish left his collage on his bicycle. When he was passing through Ranichatti, a tractor hit his bicycle due to which he fell on the road and came under the wheels of the same tractor. Locals rushed him to SPF Divisional Hospital where the doctors declared him brought dead. Police caught the killer tractor and its driver Teju Rajbhar.Suicide: Amarjit Rajbhar, a 45-year-old labourer, committed suicide by jumping in front of a moving train near Panchkroshi railway crossing under Sarnath police station on Monday. He died on the spot. Reports stated that Amarjit committed suicide after quarrelling with his wife. Police sent the body for postmortem.Two Killed: In collision of a motorcycle and bus, two youths died in Kaptanganj area in Azamgarh district on Monday. According to reports, the killed youths were identified as Haribhan (25) and Rajesh (18), natives of Kadhrapur area of the district. They had ventured out of home when the mishap took place. Both of them died on the spot.Constables caught: Kotwali circle officer Muni Raj caught two police constables when they were extorting money from truck drivers near Tengramod, under Ramnagar police area on the wee hours of Sunday. On receiving complaints regarding the malpractices of junior cops, the CO reached the spot in a truck and caught constables Harishankar Prasad and Prahlad Yadav while extorting money. Before the CO could come out of the truck, both of them fled from the scene. SSP BD Paulson ordered to attach the two constable to police lines and also departmental action against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15865354", "title": "'Carbide waste shifting row to be settled in India'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Arbitration proceedings arising out of any dispute while transporting about 346 metric tonnes of toxic waste from the now defunct Union Carbide plant in Bhopal to Germany will take place in India, a group of ministers (GoM) decided here on Monday.Besides this, the GoM under the chairmanship of finance minister P Chidambaram also decided \"in principle\" to make secretary, ministry of chemicals and fertilizers as a nodal officer to coordinate among various departments in Madhya Pradesh and at the Centre which will be involved in the process.The GoM has already approved the removal of toxic waste, at a cost of Rs 25 crore, by German agency-GIZ IS.Madhya Pradesh gas relief and rehabilitation minister Babular Gaur, who had attended the meeting, sought clarity on the liability of the German firm in case of any lapses during the whole work. \"Any dispute arising during the whole process will be resolved as per Indian law and rules in the country,\" Gaur said.About 346 MT toxic waste is lying within the premises of the erstwhile Union Carbide India Ltd (UCIL) plant at Bhopal. The worst-ever industrial disaster had taken place at the Union Carbide plant on the intervening night of December 2-3, 1984.Government data suggests, over Rs 3,000 crore has been given as compensation in 5,295 cases of death, 4,902 cases of permanent disability, 5,27,894 cases of minor injury and 35,455 cases related to temporary disability due to the tragedy among others.The meeting was attended by Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad , urban development minister Kamal Nath , environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan , law minister Salman Khurshid and human resources development minister Kapil Sibal among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15850440", "title": "Woman foils chain-snatching bid", "text": "MUMBAI: A 42-year-old woman from Malad resisted a chain-snatcher's attempt to attack her and raised an alarm getting him caught on Sunday night. Sumitra Kumbhar, 42, who runs a shop, was returning home with her daughter-in-law, Archana, when the incident took place on the foot overbridge at Chincholi level-crossing. A local youth, Hitesh Sawant, sustained injuries while nabbing the snatcher.\"I have been taking the same route home for years together, but have never been mugged before nor been a witness to any crime,\" Sumitra told TOI.Sumitra resides with her family at Raipada in Malad (West). She runs a store on hire at Malad (East). On Sunday, she shut the shop earlier than usual as it was a weekend. \"Around 7.30pm, Archana and I had reached the foot overbridge and were crossing over from east to west. While we were climbing down the stairs, two young men came up from the opposite direction. Both Archana and I were wearing mangalsutras. But the men missed Archana as she had covered her jewellery with her dupatta. I'm glad she wasn't harmed,\" Sumitra said.The snatchers lunged at Sumitra's throat and threatened her at knife-point, even as she gasped. They snatched her mangalsutra and slapped her, when she tried to resist. But Sumitra did not stay quiet. She screamed for help, alerting passersby. Sawant, made a dash for the snatchers. They slashed his arm in an attempt to flee.\"Sawant and the others managed to catch hold of one of the snatchers, Wilfred Joseph (31), while his associate, Rizwan, fled. Sawant was treated for his injury at Siddharth Hospital in Goregaon,\" a police official said.\"The crowd was about to thrash Joseph when I begged them not to. Having read recent newspaper reports about thieves being lynched, I was worried about the young man. On my insistence, the crowd summoned the police and handed over Joseph to them,\" Sumitra said. Joseph is a native of Bangalore and is unemployed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15866250", "title": "Lawyer found dead in chamber", "text": "VARANASI: Ramesh Chand Chaubey, a 55-year-old lawyer was found dead in his chamber located in Banaras Bar Association building on the campus of the district court on Sunday morning. Chaubey, a native of Ajgara, under Cholapur police area, was presently dwelling in Ganga Nagar Colony of Kazzakpura with his family. After the end of court hours, he stayed in his chamber in the BBA building to complete some urgent works. He did not return home at night.On Sunday morning, when a tea vendor who worked as peon in his chamber, reached there to clean the office, he saw the body of Chaubey lying there. The peon reported the matter to BBA general secretary Shrinivas Mishra. Police reached the spot. The family members told the police that Chaubey suffered the pressure and heart problem. After legal formalities, the police handed over the body to his family for cremation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15855642", "title": "DTC buses won\u2019t turn at Maharani Bagh Ring Road", "text": "NEW DELHI: DTC buses travelling on Maharani Bagh Ring Road will not take a cut on the road at Maharani Bagh, said a DTC official.\"Route numbers 274, 400, 402, 403, 507 and 894 will go straight from Ashram towards Mathura Road and Okhla More instead of Maharani Bagh and Tamoor Nagar. This is because there is no cut or turn in the road at Maharani Bagh Ring Road,\" said the spokesperson of Delhi Transport Corporation.However, while returning from Okhla, the buses will run via Bharat Nagar, Tamoor Nagar and Maharani Bagh, the spokesperson added.DTC is also planning to re-start services of buses between Nangloi and Najafgarh. \"Due to unsuitable road condition, DTC had stopped the operation of its buses from July last year. The route numbers 539, 708, 923, 978 etc. were diverted to run via Hiran Kudna and Neelwal Crossing. Now, this road has been repaired. As a result, bus operations on these routes have been restored,\" the DTC spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15863678", "title": "Deceased cop's daughter offered a police job", "text": "KOLKATA: City police commissioner R K Pachnanda visited the bereaved family of SI Kartik Chatterjee on Monday with confirmation of a job for his eldest daughter.\"We have given her the appointment letter to join Kolkata Police as a lower division clerk,\" said a senior officer.Pachnanda and additional commissioner of police Pradip Chatterjee arrived at the Baguiati house around 4pm and spent about a half-hour talking with Chatterjee's widow and two daughters.\"The chief minister has sent me here. One of his daughters will get a job. Chatterjee was a member of the Kolkata Police family. So his family will get a one-time financial help from the Kolkata Police family welfare fund,\" said Pachnanda.Chatterjee, a sub-inspector with Park Street police station, committed suicide in the wee hours of Saturday and left behind a suicide note accusing some senior officers of pressuring him to complete pending cases.The Bidhannagar police have the suicide note since it is investigating the death. The police officer's family has refused to file a complaint against any of the officers mentioned in the note. One of the officers named in it has been asked to go on leave till the investigation is over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15865176", "title": "New train to be introduced in view of festival season", "text": "KANPUR: Keeping in view the extra rush of passengers during the forthcoming festival season (in the ongoing year), the railway authorities have decided to introduce a weekly special train between Sealdah and New Delhi.Train number 03113/03114 Sealdah-New Delhi Rajdhani express would be the new weekly train and it would be on tracks soon.This train will pass through various railway stations including Dhanbad, Gaya, Mughalsarai and Kanpur.Train number 03113 will leave Sealdah every Friday and train number 03114 will leave Delhi every Saturday. These trains both Up and Down will run from September 19 to November 9. These trains will have one first AC class, three second AC class, 10 AC third class and two SLR coaches.Importantly, the stoppage of this VIP train at Kanpur Central railway station will give passengers yet another train for places like Sealdah and Delhi. Those willing to travel to other cities like Dhanbad, Gaya and Mughalsarai will also be a benefitted lot.Meanwhile, with a view to extend more facility to passengers, the railway authorities have decided to add a third AC coach in a select number of trains. This arrangement has been done on a permanent basis, therefore, the extra third AC coach will remain attached with the trains.The trains with, which the extra third AC coach would be attached include 13201/13202 Rajendra Nagar-Lokmanya Tilak Terminus Express, 12389/12390 Gaya-Chennai Express. This arrangement would come into affect from September 1 in Lokmanya Tilak Terminus express and from September 2 in Gaya-Chennai Express.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "15867457", "title": "Students demand AICTE approval for engineering college", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Students of Parala Maharaja Engineering College ( PMEC) on Monday boycotted their classes and staged a dharna on the college premises at Sitalapali, on the outskirts of the town. The undergraduate students of the government-run engineering college have launched an agitation for an indefinite period as their institution is yet to get All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) approval.They feared that they would be deprived of a government job and also cannot pursue higher studies if their institution is not approved by the AITCE. \"We have demanded AICTE approval for the institution many times in the past. On May 28, we had approached the vice-chancellor of Biju Patnaik University Technology (BPUT). He assured us the institute would get the approval,\" said the agitating students. \"We will continue our agitation till the institute gets the approval,\" they said.\"Many of us could not appear for the Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering (GATE) because our institute has not been approved by AICTE,\" said Purna Chandra Sahu and Debasish Panda, both fourth year students of civil and electrical engineering respectively.A senior faculty member of the college said principal was going to the vice-chancellor of BPUT to discuss the matter after the college authorities received the agitation notice from the students on Friday.The college started functioning in 2008 imparting courses in computer science and engineering, mechanical, civil and electrical engineering. The college is also short staffed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15868391", "title": "Parkings unsafe for cars", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh police have been making tall claims on making parking areas in commercial areas of the city safer, but there has been a sudden surge in the number of incidents of miscreants targeting vehicles in parking areas. The police had also ran a special campaign last weekend to catch burglars.In the last five days, at least a dozen such incidents have been reported from different parts of the city. And miscreants have made good their escape with cash, bags, ATM and credit cards and even LCD screens lying in cars. They are specifically targeting expensive cars as it happened on Saturday, when the windowpanes of a Mercedes parked in the Sector 9 parking, were broken and the accused decamped with a laptop, Rs 1 lakh in cash and some documents. Burglars are targeting vehicles either in the afternoons or late evenings. In the last two months such incidents have been reported from sectors 7, 8, 9, 17, 34 and Manimajra. But police have failed to arrest any of the accused involved in these instances.Following these incidents, police have now written to the municipal corporation (MC) to install CCTV cameras at various points in parking areas across the city. \"In the wake of recent spurt in incidents of miscreants targeting vehicles in parking areas, we have made special police parties that would be deployed at vulnerable locations in parkings,\" Ashish Kapoor, deputy superintendent of police (central and headquarter), told TOI.\"Besides, we have also written to the MC to install CCTV cameras at various points, so that the whole parking area would be covered. We have also suggested them to make most of the parking areas paid so that men could be deployed there to ensure safety of vehicles,\" stated Kapoor. A few cases have also been reported from Panjab University campus, where burglars had targeted valuables lying in cars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15867785", "title": "Breakdowns create breaks in police patrols", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Police patrolling has been affected in the city as most of the police control room (PCR) vans have gone kaput. Out of the 33 PCR vans, 10 are in a very poor state. The commissionerate police, since its formation in 2008, never bought a PCR van. All the vans were donated to police by corporate houses as part of their corporate social responsibility. But now these vehicles either need to be replaced or repaired with most being more than 10 years old.\"We have written to the state government seeking allocation of more funds either to repair those vehicles or replace the old ones with new vans. Patrolling will be hampered if we do not have sufficient number of vans to cover the entire city, including some of the rural areas in our jurisdiction,\" twin city commissioner of police Sunil Roy told TOI.Sources said the state government provides around Rs 8,000 for maintenance of each vehicle annually, which, according to police officials, is a pittance. \"Each of the damaged vans needs at least Rs 60,000 for maintenance,\" said another police officer.The PCR vans in the city went hi-tech in March 2011 with installation of GPS-enabled gadgets to respond to emergency situations in quick time. \"Now we are not able to render the quickest service because of paucity of vans. Rural areas under Chandaka, Balianta and Balipatna police stations need more vans. We also cannot allot more vans for patrolling on state highways and national highways in our area,\" the police officer said.The state capital witnessed a spurt in snatchings, burglaries and thefts in the past few months due to lax patrolling. Around 710 thefts and 149 burglaries took place in the city till July this year. \"The existing PCR vans are not doing their duty properly because most of those travelling in the vans are home guards, who are not trained to tackle law and order situations,\" said Biswajit Bisyoi, a senior citizen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15852906", "title": "Businessman accused in bomb suit scam gets bail", "text": "MUMBAI: A local court on Friday granted bail to city-based businessman Bimal Agarwal, arrested for his alleged involvement in the bomb suit scam. The bail has been granted on cash surety of Rs 1 lakh.The economic offences wing (EOW) had registered a case against Agarwal for cheating the state government of Rs 6.25 crore by providing low-quality bomb disposal suits.Agarwal's lawyer Vaibhav Bagade had filed the bail application on Friday after Agarwal was sent to judicial custody. According to Bagade, the application states that Agarwal was falsely implicated in the case. He added that Agarwal should be granted bail as he has cooperated with the investigators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "15868387", "title": "District health department yet to pay for hired vehicles", "text": "GARHWA: Agitated over non-payment since last seven months, owners of Mamata vehicles have demanded immediate payment of their dues.The Mamata vehicles were hired on contract for pregnant mothers living in rural areas of the district for their easy ride to a primary health centre (PHC) or referral hospital.The district healthcare department had hired 80 four-wheelers which were pressed into service on contract basis. The arrangement was made by the healthcare department for the convenience of pregnant women in times of need.According to sahiya programme district convener, the owner of vehicle is supposed to receive Rs 300 per day for every 6 km and Rs 9 per km in case the distance exceeds from 6 km.However, no any payment has been given to the vehicle owners since February 2012. As a result, they have been in great financial trouble, said Laxmi Tiwari, an owner of Mamata vehicle.Deputy superintendent (DS) of Garhwa sadar hospital Dr Pushpa Sehgal, within whose ambit Mamata vehicle come, told ToI that former DS SK Pathak has been transferred from here. But he did not hand over the financial charge to her. He has just handed over the charge. \"It will take a week to line up the matter and all dues of the Mamata vehicle owners will be cleared after a week\", Dr. Sehgal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15861136", "title": "CPI (ML) takes out rally against spurt in crime", "text": "PATNA: Communist Party of India (Marxist-Leninist) Liberation on Monday observed statewide protest against spurt in incidents of rape, eve teasing and increasing attacks on dalits and other backward classes across the state. It also demanded removal of DGP Abhayanand. The protest march started from near All India Radio office to Patna Junction roundabout.CPI(ML) Liberation office secretary Kumar Pervez said that besides Patna, the party activists staged protest march at Ara, Arwal, Darbhanga, Purnia, Gaya, Bhagalpur and Gopalganj. Later, a meeting was also organized near Patna Junction roundabout. It was addressed by party leaders Santosh Sahar, Abhudaya, Murtaza Ali and Champa Rai.The ML leaders alleged that criminals were being patronized by the police as a result they have got emboldened. That is why the state government has failed to check such incidents, they said. The ML leaders said that the Patna police surrendered before the anti-social elements who indulged in arson during the funeral procession of slain Ranveer Sena founder Bramheshwar Singh alias Mukhiaji in the state capital on June 2 this year. This has exposed the real face of the state government, they said.Meanwhile, Bihar Pradesh Congress Committee (BPCC) president Choudhary Mehboob Ali Kaisar has also expressed his concern over falling law and order situation in the state. \"There has been sharp increase in cases of loot, dacoity, kidnapping and murder. The two cases of theft in the houses of two former ministers at Kautilaya Nagar further strengthens the claim,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15869807", "title": "Bison caught in deer trap dies at Betla", "text": "DALTONGANJ: A bison recently fell victim to a trap laid by poachers to ensnare deer at the Betla National Park. This was brought to light by Project Elephant steering committee member D S Srivastava here on Monday.While pointing out that deer poaching is common in Betla, Srivastava said the three-year-old male bison was found dead on tourist zone road no. 3 near Hathbajwa Tower of Betla National Park after the animal was caught in one of these traps.The body of the bison was sent for postmortem on August 26. Its report is still awaited, sources said.According to Srivastava, while deer meat is either sold or eaten by poachers who are mostly local villagers, its hide is a prized possession and fetches good price in the black market. On the other hand, he said poachers do not target bison as neither its meat nor hide is in much demand.This was also corroborated by Palamu Tiger Reserve field director S E H Kazmi. When contacted, Kazmi said the bison, indeed, died of wounds received after it found itself in a snare laid by poachers to trap deer. He, however, said though some people do enjoy eating bison meat, he was not sure about the amount a bison hide would fetch in the market.When reminded that a Palamu Tiger Reserve conservator had attributed the death of the bison to an infection caused by the breaking of a horn, Srivastava contested the claim saying the death of the bison cannot be attributed to infection caused by breaking of one of its horns as both its horns were completely intact and there was a deep cut wound around the neck. \"This goes beyond doubt that this wound was inflicted by the trap and not by any other device or weapon,\" Srivastava said.He further said the wound on the bison was too evident to leave any doubt of its being caused by wires in the noose of a trap. \"The wound was at least 10 days old and maggots and insects had grown on it resulting in the infection. The bison finally succumbed to injury on August 26,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15869057", "title": "Vehicle-lifters' gangs busted; 5 arrested", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city police on Monday busted two vehicle-lifters' gangs. Two members of \"cobra gang\" and three of another group were arrested on a tip-off. Assistant commissioner of police (north) Swapan Sharma told the media, \"The arrested members of cobra gang include Mintu Kumar, 36, of Preet Nagar and Rajkumar, alias Bunty Cobra, of Noorwala Road. They were nabbed from Chander Nagar. Three motorcycles and two scooters, which were lifted from the city, were recovered from their possession.\"\"The members of cobra gang are relatives and many of them are already behind bars. To stand apart, they had got tattooed a cobra on their bodies,\" he added. About their modus operandi, he said, \"They used to move in a tempo. On finding a two-wheeler, they would first try to open its lock and if they failed to unlock it, then they would load the vehicle on their auto. Seven cases were registered against the gang members in the city police stations.\"About the other gang, he said, \"Vipan Kumar of Jalandhar Bypass, Mahesh Kumar Gupta of Varinder Nagar and Lala of Ashok Nagar were arrested from Jassian Road and their other accomplice Vijay Kumar, alias Bunty, was on the run. They were involved in vehicle lifting as well as thefts. Two motorcycles, one LCD and one LPG cylinder have been recovered from their possession.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15857908", "title": "Horatti cries foul over teachers' appointment", "text": "HUBLI: MLC and former minister Basavaraj Horatti ahs urged chief minister Jagadish Shettar to stop the appointment of teachers being done on contract basis in primary and high schools. In a press release, Horatti alleged that education department has been practising illegal, unscientific and unlawful procedures while appointing teachers on contract basis. \"Agencies are being biassed in giving salary to teachers -- some of them are getting Rs 12,000, while others are getting Rs 12,500. There are over 1.5 lakh BA, BSc, BEd-trained unemployed graduates, and over 2 lakh DEd graduates waiting for the opportunity. But the government is neglecting trained teachers, and appointing unfit people as teachers,\" he charged.!Horatti urged the government to fill vacancies, instead of selecting candidates through contract basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "15871538", "title": "Kin 'kidnap' bride days after love marriage", "text": "SIRSA: The happiness of a couple who had eloped to get married was cut short when the kin of the bride allegedly kidnapped her at Dabwali town of Sirsa on Sunday evening. The bridegroom managed to save his life by running away.According to police, Sahab Singh, 24, a resident of Pratap Nagar in Sirsa, fell in love with Jasveer Kaur, 22, from the nearby Bhangu village. They tied the nuptial knot at a gurdwara in Punjab after eloping on August 16.In his complaint, Sahab Singh said, \"After getting married we decided to go to Bathinda in Punjab to stay. But, our car was waylaid near Dabwali by another vehicle and 15 people, with one wielding a gun, kidnapped my wife.\"Dabwali police station SHO Maha Singh said, \"A case has been registered against dozen-odd persons, including Gurnam Singh, Gurwinder Singh, Davinder Singh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15863283", "title": "Smart-card driving licences soon in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Smart card-based driving licence is all set to become a reality in Uttar Pradesh, as the state transport department has set up the needed infrastructure at the regional transport office and NICSI, a company of NIC, will start issuing the new-age driving licences soon. The project will take off, once the MoU is signed between the department and the company.And if sources in the transport department are to be believed, then the project might be implemented by the end of this year. The department might pay the company approximately Rs 2.5 crore for the first quarter. The regional transport office Lucknow was chosen as the site for the implementation of the pilot project on 'Saarthi', a software, which electronically issues driving licences.The software has been provided by NIC to many of the state transport departments free of cost. It will make possible back-end automation of RTO and front-end computerisation to enable issuing smart card driving licence. Under this, driving licence database will be created and different queries and reports will be available.RTO Lucknow started issuing driving licence using 'Saarthi' in June 2011. \"Issuing smart card-based driving licence is the next step of the project,\" said Yogesh Kumar Singh, technical director, UP NIC. Transport department will pay the vendor Rs 40 per smart driving licence. The applicant will not have to pay more than Rs 250 (fee for driving licence right now) to get the advanced driving licence.Simply speaking, new tamper-proof driving licence will be a plastic card embedded with a microprocessor chip having 64KB memory. The chip will have all details about the driving licence holder. The process of obtaining the smart card-based driving licence will be same as the ordinary driving licence.One of the major benefits of the scheme could be cutting down of time required in issuing a driving licence. The applicants visiting the RTO office with forms and documents might get the new driving licence the same day.The applicants, after they submit the required papers at the counter, will be photographed then and there. Their biometrics (biological data) -- thumb impression and signature will be recorded on the computerised database and chip. To get a smart card, applicant will have to be present in the RTO office physically. This might check the role of touts as well. At present, new users will get it. However the existing driving licence-holders can also take the new age driving licence by paying the fee. The responsibility of approving the documents, collecting fee and delivering the card will rest with the RTO. However, information will be gathered by NICSI. Licence holders applying for renewal or seeking a duplicate licence, will get the smart card.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15863669", "title": "Kalam gifts books to CM", "text": "KOLKATA: Former President APJ Abdul Kalam gifted two of his books - 'Indomitable Spirit' and 'Turning Points - A Journey Through Challenges' - to chief minister Mamata Banerjee during his visit to Kolkata on Sunday.Mamata said she was \"deeply touched by his kind gesture\". Derek O Brien, the party's Rajya Sabha chief whip, said: \"Many of the leadership qualities highlighted by APJ Abdul Kalam in his books are personified in the life, struggle and career of Mamata Banerjee.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15855904", "title": "I admire Unmukt Chand but can\u2019t change rules: Valson Thampu", "text": "NEW DELHI: St. Stephen's College plans to honour Unmukt Chand , who led his team to the Under-19 World Cup win, say sources. However, principal Valson Thampu says \"no decision has been made yet\" and that they can't \"plan\" till they know when their second-year BA (Programme) student will be back.Ironically, Unmukt's relationship with the college authorities has been somewhat fractious. He went to a court this year when the college refused to issue him an admit card for the final exams as he did not have the requisite attendance. It was only after a high court direction in May that he was allowed to write the exams. Thampu said that while he \"admired\" Unmukt's skills as a cricketer, he was only implementing rules when it came to the attendance issue and will do so \"even if he wins 10 more World Cups.\"The Association of Old Stephanians - a group of college alumni not connected to the \"official\" alumni association - see the refusal to issue the admit card as a lack of support for sportsmen who have to miss classes to participate in matches and tournaments. They said in a statement that they have been \"pained to note\" that a court had to be involved and have urged the college and Delhi University to \"take urgent and necessary steps to ensure that promising sportsmen are encouraged to perform better.\"Thampu said that while he \"admired\" the \"unruffled sense of purpose with which he played\" and the \"application of mind and talent\" is what the college itself stands for, St. Stephen's \"cannot take any credit for Unmukt's achievement.\" Firstly, because he had come to the college, \"already a flourishing national talent\" and secondly, because \"he hasn't spent much time in the college\". It is the second point on which the college authorities and Unmukt locked horns. Thampu explained his stand saying that the university rules \"do not envisage any discretionary power for the principal\" and that he was \"only implementing the rules\".He clarified that the college wants to support all sports but will not \"fudge the records or falsify data\". And they will implement the rules \"not only with respect to him but all sportsmen, as long as the rules stay in university's statute books\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15855477", "title": "Two constables nab robber after chase", "text": "PUNE: Two policemen attached to the Vishrambaug police station nabbed a robber after a hot chase in Shaniwar Peth on Sunday morning. The police recovered Rs 5,000 in cash and a stolen ATM card from the suspect.The suspect, Mohsin Akbar Syed (22), is a resident of Dapodi. His accomplice, however, managed to escape.Constable Santosh Potghan said that on Sunday afternoon, he and his colleague, constable Dinesh Dhavale, were patrolling in their jurisdiction. \"When we came near Ahilyadevi high school, I noticed two persons thrashing a youth. We approached them,\" Potghan said.Seeing the policemen, the duo fled towards Ramanbaug chowk on a two-wheeler. \"The youth told us that the duo had robbed him and two of his friends,\" Potghan said.Potghan and Jadhav chased after the suspects on their motorcycle. \"Their two-wheeler skidded near the chowk and the duo fell. They started running,\" Potghan said. \"We parked our motorcycle and nabbed one of them after a brief chase with the help of two more constables, Gajanan Jadhav and Kailas Gawde,\" he said.Investigations have revealed that Syed and his accomplice Kishore (full name not known) had robbed three youths near Shaniwarwada. One of them, Motiram Sitaram Pawar, has lodged a complaint.Potghan said that Motiram and his friends Yuvraj Pandit Pawar and Yogesh Sahebrao Pawar, had come to visit Shaniwarwada. The suspect and his accomplice thrashed the trio near Shaniwarwada and robbed Yuvraj and Yogesh of the cash of cash. \"We caught them when they were forcing Motiram to an ATM centre to withdraw cash from his account,\" Potghan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15855735", "title": "Reduce prepaid autorickshaw fares, commuters urge RTO", "text": "PUNE: Nearly 20 days after beginning a prepaid autorickshaw service at the Pune railway station, commuters have stated that the existing fares for the service need to be revised. Commuters have said that they pay about 30 to 40% more for prepaid service than the fares charged for a normal trip. The Pune Regional Transport Office (RTO) has received letters demanding reduction in fares and suggesting some improvements in the service.The RTO started the service to restrict overcharging and harassment of commuters by autorickshaw drivers. The RTO plans to extend the service to other prominent spots including, Lohegaon airport, Shivajinagar and Swargate bus stand, in a phased manner.Sources in the RTO said, \"Though the service was appreciated by commuters, the RTO has received some letters from people demanding correction in the fare structure. People suggest that if fares were reduced, the response would be higher. Commuters have suggested starting the service at more spots across the city.\"When contacted, an official from RTO said, \"The fare structure for prepaid autorickshaws includes some incentive which is paid by a commuter. As against this, in normal service a commuter has to pay only as per the meter reading. The fare structure for prepaid is available at the prepaid assistance booth at the Pune railway station. An operator here gives an authorized receipt to the commuter. At the end of the journey, the commuter pays the fare to the autorickshaw driver.\"The incentive and other clauses for the service have been decided on the basis of the prepaid service in Mumbai. An official said that the prepaid booth at the Pune railway station was running smoothly since its inception. More than a hundred commuters opt for the services on any given day.An official further said that the prepaid booth will be run on an experimental basis for some more days. As it was a new service, the RTO was still studying the response of commuters and autorickshaw drivers. The RTO will take a review of the service and will call a meeting to discuss as to how it can be improved, which will include the issue of revision of fare and incentive.Meanwhile, the autorickshaw drivers at the station demanded that the RTO put more notice boards on the station premises to reach out to commuters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15849929", "title": "\u2018Banks don\u2019t consider netas credit-worthy\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: It seems banks do not consider politicians credit-worthy as they are included in the list of \"negative profiles\" when it comes to home loans, the chief manager of ICICI Bank Pankaj Madhuskar told the Adarsh commission on Monday. ICICI Bank's Nagpur branch had issued loans to 24 Adarsh members to buy flats in the building.\"Negative profiles\" in banking parlance means persons belonging a particular region, profession or community who are deemed as not credit-worthy and not normally eligible for loans or credit cards. \"The details of negative profiles are given which includes politicians and Hindu Undivided Families,\" Madhuskar said in response to questions by advocates Dipan Merchant and Bharat Zhaveri, counsels for the commission. The commission then asked Madhuskar whether anyone among the 24 home loan borrowers for Adarsh were from the negative profiles list. \"Being a politician, Suresh Prabhu (ex-MP) is a negative profile,\" said Madhuskar, adding, however, that the bank had granted Prabhu a loan. Madhuskar insisted that despite Adarsh being located in Colaba and even though the borrowers were not residents of Nagpur, the Nagpur branch could still have issued the loans. The officer told the court that all officers of the bank who dealt with the Adarsh file were no longer working for the organisation. He also said the bank did not have records of 20 of the borrowers as they had repaid the entire loan. Further questioning of the officer will take place on August 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "15869723", "title": "SLPL's success has surprised me: Mahela Jayawardene", "text": "COLOMBO: Mahela Jayawardene, captain fantastic and the man with the silken touch, has led his team Wayamba United to the semifinals as group toppers.But more than that, in an incredibly short span of time, he has proved that T20 leagues are not just moneyspinners, they can be equally useful in identifying and nurturing local talents as a country's domestic structure. Shortly after leading Wyamaba to another win, Jayawardene spoke to TOI. Excerpts ...On SLPL's successIt has surprised me with the way it has. I didn't really think it would be so successful in its inaugural year. The local players have been able to make a mark. It has been exciting and competitive. Just like the IPL, domestic talents have come forward and performed, which was the objective. Overall, it has been a good two weeks.On WayambaWe picked up quite a few unknowns. We also selected some experienced players to balance the side. I am very excited with the way Akila has performed, or young pacer Chathuranga has done. Our success is largely due to them. We have to keep building on that.On identifying talentThere were four spots up for grabs when SLPL started on August 11. Ajantha Mendis obviously staked a strong claim with his showing. Out for six months with injury, it was a great opportunity for him to play competitive cricket and he did really well. We also wanted to see how some youngsters perform under pressure and a couple of them put their hands up.Preparation for World T20I was a little scared, actually, that there could be injury-related problems. But thankfully it has gone according to plan. Some of the guys like Angelo Mathews and Ajantha Mendis got some much-needed match practice. Mendis has played five-six games and is slowly getting into a rhythm. Angelo is also bowling without pain. So that gives us extra options. Sangakkara, too, has taken off his cast and should be fit for the series.On opening in World T20I'll discuss it over with (coach) Graham Ford. It suits my game to bat higher up the order and I enjoy it as well. It helps to spend time out there in the middle and I have a good conversion rate. But we haven't taken a final call yet.On VVS LaxmanThat's how the game goes these days. VVS is one of the greats and he would have obviously had a chat with the selectors. Regardless of what has happened, no one can take away his contribution to Indian cricket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15858991", "title": "Gang of 5 dacoits held, valuables worth Rs 5 Lakh seized", "text": "MYSORE: Bannur police on Monday arrested a gang of five dacoits which was active in rural Mysore and Mandya regions.With this, the police have solved thefts in three shops and a house. Valuables, including vehicles worth Rs 5 lakh, have been recovered from the accused identified as Avinash, Pramoda, Ravi and Nagendra of Mysore, and Raghu of Mandya district.They were arrested while preparing for a dacoity near Mandya late on Sunday. Acting on a tip-off, police waited for the gang and arrested them in Bannur police limits.Raghu, who was working at a chicken centre, had conspired to rob his shop manger Shivalingappa, while he was returning with Rs 5 lakh. But the gang's plans went awry with police intercepting them before they could strike.SP R Dileep said several cases of property theft were reported in the border region of Mysore and Mandya districts, and that police were working out to trace the miscreants. Preliminary investigation has revealed that they have involved in four crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15864014", "title": "Cops suspect UP links in TNPSC exam scam", "text": "COIMBATORE: Even though nine persons have been arrested in connection with TNPSC question paper scam, investigators are yet to make a breakthrough regarding the original source of the leak. While two special teams of Erode police are in search of a few suspects in Andhra Pradesh, where the question papers were printed, another team left for Uttar Pradesh on Monday morning, following some leads.According to highly placed sources in Erode police, the team left for Uttar Pradesh after gathering information from Andhra Pradesh, indicating the scam was orchestrated by natives of the North Indian state. The team will conduct a search for the accused in Lucknow and Allahabad in the coming days.Till the arrest of Balan, the alleged mastermind of the scam, police never thought the crime had any interstate links. Based on the information gathered from him, police have arrested two persons from Chennai who provided clues to the links in Andhra Pradesh. Evidence gathered from the neighbouring state has led police to UP.The exam was conducted on Aug 11 across the state. At an exam centre in Erode, candidates noticed a woman going through hand-written questions and answers prior to the exam. Suspecting that the paper may have been leaked, they informed invigilators. When she was taken in for interrogation, she told police that her husband, a bus conductor, had given her the question paper. She was unaware as to where he was able to get it.According to police sources, the investigation into the case could lead to a racket functioning in other states too. Normally, question papers were printed outside the state, to ensure that the printers are not familiar with Tamil, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15851353", "title": "General Council Meeting of Hyderabad civic body to wait till green meet in October", "text": "HYDERABAD: When mayor Mohd Majid Hussain had assumed charge as the first citizen of the city nearly eight months ago, he promised to convene general council meetings of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) every month. Incidentally, in the last three months, the general council meet, which aims at discussing issues pertaining to the city, has not been convened even once.Though several problems like water stagnation, potholes on roads, shabby sanitation, mosquito menace and other civic issues need immediate attention, it appears that the meeting would only be convened after COP 11, which is scheduled to take place in October.Political parties like Telugu Desam Party and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) have been demanding that the mayor convene the meeting to discuss issues, especially monsoon-related. Both the parties have also submitted representations to the mayor twice in this regard.Although there was no specific rule in the GHMC Act on the minimum period to conduct general council meeting, any mayor generally holds these meetings at least once in two to three months. In the council meetings, all people's representatives, including corporators, MLAs, MPs and MLCs raise issues of public interest.Mohd Majid Hussain, after taking charge, held review meetings and inspections to speed up development works and put officials on tenterhooks. He held meetings with officials on Ramzan and Bonalu festival arrangements. However, during the month of Ramzan, he did not involve much in meetings and inspections. For two weeks, he went on Umra and returned to the city before Eid.\"When we petitioned the mayor to convene council meeting and take decisions on various issues, mayor Majid Hussain assured us to hold the meeting after Ramzan but it did not happen. If the meeting is not held when problems exist, the very purpose of the council is defeated,\" TDP floor leader Singireddy Srinivas Reddy told TOI.GHMC is unlikely to hold a council meeting over the next two months. As the Parliament is in session, the corporation does not convene any meeting where MPs have to be invited. Since Parliament session is likely to continue till second week of September, there would be no council meeting till then. In the third week of September, Ganesh festival begins and will go on for 10 days. Officials would be busy with festival arrangements along with COP 11 works during September.Under these conditions, the council meeting would take place only after October second week. The prestigious COP 11 conference begins in October and would continue for a week. Even if the mayor wants to hold a general council meeting, 15-day prior notice have to be given.\"GHMC should give priority to solve issues of citizens who have been paying taxes to the corporation. We demand the mayor convene council meeting immediately,\" BJP floor leader Bangari Prakash said.Mayor Mohd Majid Hussain was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15852246", "title": "Students society contributes for GMCH improvement", "text": "NAGPUR: The Students' Consumer Society of Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) has decided to contribute Rs19 lakh to the college. A major part of this money would be utilized to construct a fenced wall around the garden outside the main OPD of the hospital. The rest of it has already been spent on construction of a well that will supply water to the students' hostel.The society has previously contributed to the construction of a drugstore and a general store in the hospital premises, both of which supply medicines and consumables to patients and students at lower cost. The well, located between hostels 4 and 5, will solve the issue of water scarcity. It was inaugurated on Monday by MLA Dinanath Padole.\"The garden in front of the OPD was once a beautiful place. It has lost its beauty over time. We decided to build a wall around it. The money that the college gets from central and state governments is utilized in other construction and equipment, so we requested the society to contribute towards it,\" said dean Dr Rajaram Powar.A sum of Rs8 lakh has also been sanctioned for the well and Rs11 lakh will go into making the fence, informed Dr Dinkar Kumbhalkar, professor and head of the pathology department and officer in-charge of the society. \"The fencing will be completed in a couple of months, after which the garden will be tended by the garden division of PWD department,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15865327", "title": "Walk the talk", "text": "The delay in getting things moving on the ground clearly shows how low this subject is on the government's list of priorities. This, literally, is a life-and-death issue and is one area where there should have been no red tape at all. The lack of urgency exposes all the government's campaigns and big talk as empty posturing.Related story  :  Transplant rule not implemented", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15871160", "title": "HC refuses relief to ex-minister in forgery case", "text": "SHIMLA: Himachal Pradesh high court on Monday refused to stay investigation of a cheating and forgery case registered against ex-minister Kuldeep Kumar. Justice Kuldeep Singh observed that as the investigation is in its initial stage, no interim relief can be granted to the petitioner without hearing the complainant.Justice Singh passed these orders following a petition filed by former industries minister Kuldeep Kumar for quashing the order of judicial magistrate, Amb, whereby the police were directed to register an FIR against the petitioner under sections 420, 463, 464, 465, 468, 471 and 474 of IPC. The petitioner alleged that the complaint was filed with a motive to malign his image. It was contended that such complaints are filed only when assembly elections are due in the state.The complainant had claimed before the judicial magistrate that Kuldeep Kumar belongs to Tarkhan caste as per pedigree table of 1913-14, whereas he got his caste changed in revenue record to Lohar Kaundal. It was further alleged in the compliant that Kuldeep Kumar did not belong to a schedules caste and had wrongly taken benefit from wrong revenue records.Kuldeep Kumar, however, has contended that he belongs to Lohar caste and a mistake had crept into the revenue records of 1913-14 and the same was corrected by the settlement collector in accordance with law. The court has issued notice to the complainant, Des Raj, and directed to list the case on September, 17, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15850445", "title": "Transplant rule not implemented", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government may seem enthusiastic about promoting organ donation since former chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh passed away last fortnight, but it has done little to pursue an amendment that it passed six months ago in this regard.In March 2012, an amendment to the Organ Donation Act (which was first passed by the Union government) was approved by the state cabinet. It was subsequently approved by the legislature, but it has not yet been notified. Amendments to Acts have to be notified through a government notification published by the government press. But this has not happened in the last six months.The amendment is important because it expands the definition of family members as approved by the Transplantation of Human Organs Act, 1994. While the original Act only allowed immediate family such as parents, siblings and spouse to donate kidney for a patient, the amendment includes grandparents as well.\"The amendment also allows centres that cannot perform transplants to help in retrieval of organs,'' said a doctor who met deputy CM Ajit Pawar and chief secretary J Banthia as part of a delegation last week. This will greatly help in recognizing brain death and identifying potential donors, he said.According to Mantralaya sources, \"The amendment has not yet been printed because of its sheer volume. It could delay other work.''An official of the directorate of medical education (DMER) confirmed that the amendment had been passed, but its implementation has been delayed due a technical issue. \"We are actively pursuing it,'' the official said. Cadaver donation has been abysmally low in Maharashtra despite the fact that the country's first cadaveric kidney transplant was carried out in Sion Hospital in March 1997. In the last 15 years, the city has managed less than 300 cadaveric organ donations.Times ViewWalk the talkThe delay in getting things moving on the ground clearly shows how low this subject is on the government's list of priorities. This, literally, is a life-and-death issue and is one area where there should have been no red tape at all. The lack of urgency exposes all the government's campaigns and big talk as empty posturing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15858531", "title": "Retirement age for HC judges to be raised to 65 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Monday reiterated that it is serious about increasing the retirement age of High Court judges from 62 to 65 years.Responding to a Parliament query, law minister Salman Khurshid said the Constitution (114th Amendment) Bill when passed would bring the retirement age of High Court judges at par with that of Supreme Court judges. The Bill was taken up for discussion in the Lok Sabha on December 28, 2011, but the discussion remained inconclusive due to adjournment of the Winter session.Khurshid said once the Bill is passed it will benefit the HC judges. \"At the same time, it will address the issue of vacancies and help in disposal of pending cases to an extent,\" he added.In response to another query whether the government was considering to enhance the number of notaries in states, the minister said the Centre has decided to increase their quota.In 2011, Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu was allowed to raise the number of notaries by more than 160, while Gujarat appointed the third highest number of notaries at 132, followed by Karnataka (125).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15870177", "title": "Doctor left scissors in stomach: Family", "text": "LUDHIANA: Family and friends of a resident of Dhanuala in Barnala held a protest outside a hospital in Satguru Nagar on Sunday, alleging a doctor forgot a pair of scissors inside the patient's abdomen.While showing an X-ray, patient Gurcharan Singh's brother Mahinder Singh said, \"My brother used to complain of constant pain in the back so we showed him to a urologist at Mohandai Oswal Cancer and Multi-speciality Hospital. Urologist Dr Nitin Aggarwal detected a tumour in his urinary bladder following which he operated upon my brother on March 31.\"He added, \"After the operation Gurcharan complained of fever, so we again showed him to the same doctor. This time Dr Aggarwal diagnosed him with cancer and started chemotherapy. Since it is expensive, we had to sell our land. Luckily for us after a month we got his X-ray done in a government-run hospital in Dhanaula and the X-ray showed a pair of scissors inside the abdomen.\"Mahinder said the doctors at Dhanaula Hospital referred them to Barnala civil hospital from where they were again referred to PGI, Chandigarh, where on August 11 doctors removed the scissors from Gurcharan's abdomen.Sarabha Nagar SHO Aalam Vijay Singh , said, \"We received a complaint and forwarded it to CMO. Necessary action will be taken on the basis of his report.\" Meanwhile, Dr Amandeep Aggarwal, who is the state vice-president of IMA, said, a??In case our doctor is negligent, the patient and his relatives are free to seek legal remedies available to them by registering a criminal, civil case and even go against him to consumer court.\"Refuting allegations, Dr Nitin Aggarwal, said, \"It is a sponsored dharna. Apart from some relatives of the patient, majority of protestors are bouncers hired by private hospital owners.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15871126", "title": "Drive for inclusion of Sikhism in US school curriculum", "text": "AMRITSAR: Sikh NGO, United Sikhs, has begun a drive for inclusion of Sikhism in school curriculum in California, USA. Director, community education and empowerment division, United Sikhs, Kashmir Singh told TOI on Monday that the organization has urged the California community members to sign the petition and send letters of support to governor Jerry Brown , to sign bill SB1540 which required the California State Board of Education to consider the adoption of a revised history-social science framework. The draft framework includes information about Sikhs in seven distinct areas, he said.\"When completed, this will become an important tool which will be used in all California schools to increase awareness and knowledge about Sikhism and its followers,\" Kashmir said.So far, the bill has been unopposed and passed in the legislature. The only remaining action is for the governor to sign it, he added. According to Kashmir, the move was initiated in the light of recent Wisconsin tragedy and the concerns that the Sikh community has been facing since 9/11. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15850794", "title": "Youth who fled with employer's money held", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chaderghat police on Monday, arrested a 23-year-old youth, who escaped with Rs 11 lakh cash belonging to his employer and recovered the amount from his possession.Police arrested Preetham Upadhyay of Joshiwadi. He was working as a servant at the office of cheque transfer commission agent Dinesh Vyas in Kishangunj.On August 25, at around 1.30 pm, Vyas gave Rs 11 lakh to Preetham and asked him to handover the amount to his father in LB Nagar. After an hour, Vyas called up his father to check if Preetham had reached there with the cash. When his father told Vyas that Preetham did not hand over the money, they tried to contact him over the phone. As Preetham's phone was switched off, Vyas started looking for him but in vain. His abandoned Honda Activa (AP 09 CJ 0753) was found near Nalgonda Crossroads.Vyas immediately lodged a complaint with the Chaderghat police and a case was booked against Preetham under section 381 of the IPC. By tracking his cellphone, police managed to zero in on Preetham near Deepu Hospital at Begum Bazaar and arrested him on Monday.Police seized Rs 10.89 lakh cash from him and produced him before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15857189", "title": "Councillors vs executive engineers: Mayor promises quick solution", "text": "GURGAON: After several councillors complained to the mayor that the MCG executive engineers do not pay any attention to their views and complaints, the mayor called a meeting on Monday in which all the executive engineers were asked to explain their behaviour. The mayor also said that the engineers should visit the wards at least once a week and meet the councillor concerned and keep them updated about %various development projects taking place in the ward.In the meeting, the executive engineers listed out the problems faced by them and the mayor promised to look into the matter. The mayor said he would also take up their case with the municipal commissioner.\"The main problem we are facing right now is that we are severely short-staffed and the work load is huge. Even though the authorities are aware of this difficult situation, they have deputed some of the executive engineers in the enforcement wing of the corporation because of which these engineers are spending most of their time on removing encroachments rather than focusing on development projects,\" said an executive engineer.\"We have asked the mayor to ensure that the enforcement wing and the engineering wing are alienated from each other so that we can concentrate on development issues. We have also requested him to expedite the process of hiring more executive engineers as we are only seven of us right now. And since there are 35 different wards it is burdensome to visit all of them every week,\" he added.The mayor said that he will talk to the commissioner about the problems faced by the executive engineers. \"I met the executive engineers to understand the problems faced by them. We have been asking the state government for more manpower but we are yet to hear from the authorities. I will ask the commissioner to once again take up the matter with the department concerned. Also the executive engineers will not be asked to do both the enforcement and development work,\" said mayor Vimal Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15865507", "title": "Balakrishnans eagerly waiting for the day", "text": "BHOPAL: For the Balakrishnans Onam would be a toned down affair this year. Their son, who works for a private company at Pune has just left the city the other day. Though his absence from home has dampened the spirits still, the family is abuzz preparing traditional sweets and dishes to be served for the big day.N Balakrishnan, a retired BHEL officer told TOI, \"That better communication and transport facility has facilitated arrival of textiles, edibles, processed foods and vegetables, besides spices from Kerala. Everything is available in the weekly markets of Piplani, Berkheda, Habibganj, Govindpura and Bittan Market. The commodities are being brought here especially from Kerala\".\"The Kerala stores in the state capital have also helped the cause to a great extent, he said. While it was difficult to get certain vegetables and spices that are used in Kerala in the past, today the over 1 lakh malayalees get almost every necessary item here, be it sweets, salted chips or other delicacies, he added.The Balakrishnans though have their granddaughter, little seven year old Rashi who makes sure they do not feel too sad. \"She is especially excited for the upcoming Onam festival as she would get new clothes from all the family members on this day,\" said Nalini, his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15852187", "title": "Nehru Cup: Aggressive India ready for struggling Nepal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Wim Koevermans did not shy from picking a bunch of rookies like Sanju Pradhan, Lenny Rodrigues, Francisco Fernandes, Robin Singh and Raju Gaekwad, who have been on the fringes, and pitching them into the thick of action.The other day against Maldives, who looked to be getting stronger as the match progressed, the Dutch coach tweaked his formation by asking the tall and sturdy Robin Singh to partner Sunil Chhetri while pushing Fernandes wide on the right.The coach is just two matches old and has just three weeks of training with this Indian team under his belt. It is too early to assess but decisions like these underline the fact that Koevermans is not afraid to follow his gut feeling and style. So, against Nepal on Tuesday, India are unlikely to hold anything back even though they are almost in the final of Nehru Cup that they are trying to defend.\"This Indian side is stronger than the one that played in the AFC Challenge Cup in Kathmandu earlier this year. There are many young players in the side and are physically strong. Up front, Chhetri also looks aggressive,\" Nepal's coach Krishna Thapa said ahead of the neighbourly fight for supremacy.India's last visit to Kathmandu was one of the worst in the team's football history. They lost all three matches and the debacle triggered change at the top. Effects of the change are slowly registering. The emphasis on keeping possession, knocking the ball around with confidence and exploiting set-pieces are hallmarks of Koevermans 'New India'.Nepal have had a forgettable tournament so far. Cameroon pumped five past them on Sunday evening and Thapa's boys would surely like to salvage some pride before saying goodbye. They are familiar foes but Chhetri and Syed Rahim Nabi look like that they are having the time of their lives.Koevermans have given them confidence to go for the kill. It's unlikely the men in blue will let go of the opportunity against Nepal.Maldives keep their final hopes alive: Maldives notched up their second victory in the Nehru Cup when they carved out a 2-1 win against Syria at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium on Monday. A heavy shower delayed the match by 75 minutes. The ground conditions did not help and Maldives took almost an hour to break the ice through their skipper Ali Ashfaq. With this win, Maldives are on course for a berth in the final.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15869408", "title": "Songs of their heart, home", "text": "LUDHIANA: The youth cultural integration festival \"Systole\" organized by MBBS students of Christian Medical College ( CMC ), had adrenaline levels shooting sky high with excitement on Monday.Engaging the audience since the very start, the students rocked the stage with their singing skills at the musical night, \"Dhwani-12\". The songs were lively and energetic, keeping the crowd happily on their toes.Vice-president of student council Amritha Susan Kurien said, \"We have two categories in the singing competition - eastern and western - which have been further categorized these into solo, duet and group song performances. The competition was unique as apart the six batches of dental sciences, the interns also performed.\" Around 100 students participated in the musical night in solo, duets and group performances. The judges included Dr Vineeth Jaison, Dr Shavinder Singh and Rev Stanley Thomas. Bringing alive the ethnic diversity of the country, the medical students from each batch performed a wide range of hit songs from Malyalam, Tamil to Hindi film songs. \"Tinka Tinka\", \"Aadat\", \"Tu Bin Batae\" were some of the songs that gathered huge applause from the audience.Aneena Thomas, a student of batch '09, along with her classmates Preeti Susan, Nidhi Thomas, Neenu George and Deepti Varghese performed the song \"Jaha Ho Pyaar Ka Mausum\". \"Systole has provided us a platform to showcase our talent. It felt great to see that our performance was well appreciated by the audience,\" said Aneena Thomas.Principal Dr S M Bhatti, said, \"Systole is a platform provided to students, where they can showcase their talents and nurture them further. Its heartening to see so many students performing.\" Director Dr Abraham G Thomas, chairman Dr Rajendra Gyani, vice-chairmen Dr Sudhir Joseph along with principal Dr S M Bhatti and vice-principal Dr Sheena Singh and Dr Gagandeep Kwatra were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15868422", "title": "Two years of planning behind U-19 World Cup success", "text": "NAGPUR: India's U-19 World Cup win in Australia was no fluke. To the Board of Control for Cricket in India's (BCCI) credit, a systematic plan was put in place almost two years ago to identify and nurture players for this tournament.The preparations began just after the Ashok Menaria-led side lost to Pakistan in the quarterfinal of the 2010 U-19 World Cup in New Zealand, where India finished sixth. The selectors identified the players immediately after and worked on them; they were given the right kind of exposure and the result is there for everyone to see.\"The players have worked very hard for this and they deserve all the success. We at BCCI tried to provide them every facility, guidance and exposure at the right time. Credit to them that they clicked when it mattered the most,\" BCCI secretary Sanjay Jagdale told TOI.Except for South Africa and Zimbabwe, India played against every Test-playing country in three quality tournaments. That helped the team management in not only identifying the players but also in studying the opponents. For over a year, the Unmukt Chand-led team hasn't lost in a single tournament. It won the quadrangular series twice and shared the Asia Cup Trophy with arch-rivals Pakistan earlier this summer.It all started with the quadrangular tournament last September in Visakhapatnam, where India emerged victorious by defeating Australia, Sri Lanka and the West Indies. The selectors had already identified the talent but their real test was to see how they would perform on the big stage.Junior selector Preetam Gandhe agreed that the success in Townsville was the result of proper planning and teamwork. \"I would call it teamwork, right from BCCI to NCA, coaches, support staff, selectors and most importantly the players. We all were on the same path. We had one goal and that was to see this team do well. They did everything right, from conditioning camps to playing different tournaments,\" Gandhe said.\"The quadrangular tournament helped us in earmarking the core group. Most of the boys who have done well are part of that group. The likes of Unmukt, Aparajith, Smit, Harmeet, Vikas, Akshdeep and Sandeep have been playing together for the last one year.\"While they had identified the core group, the selectors also didn't want to miss out on talent so they kept an eye on performers in the Under-19 category matches.\"It was a happy situation for us. We wanted lot of options and we got good talent. Most of the batsmen have scored more than 1000 runs in the season while the bowlers have been among the wickets. Some players also played first-class cricket so that helped,\" the former Vidarbha skipper said. So when India toured Malaysia for the Asia Cup, it was a dress rehearsal for the World Cup.Times ViewMuch has been said and written about how much planning and preparation went into India winning the under-19 World Cup. It is heartening to hear that this was the case. Why can't we see the same level of planning going into the senior team's tours and indeed its playing calendar? Sadly, that has often been lacking with the team management blaming inadequate practice games and so on for poor results. Also, while the board may have done a good job of preparing the younger lot for their World Cup, it should now realize that a lot of work must go into counselling these teenagers so that they are able to handle their success and mature into seniors without losing their heads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "15871439", "title": "Traders protest over attack on Kanda's man", "text": "SIRSA: Two days after a close associate of former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda was allegedly assaulted by Indian National Lok Dal Party (INLD) workers in Sirsa, traders on Monday went on a one-day strike and kept the grain market shut in protest.The traders also submitted a memorandum to Sirsa SP Devender Yadav, seeking arrest of the accused.Ramkumar Khairaka, was allegedly targeted by INLD activist Pradeep Godara and five others on Saturday.Khairaka, a businessman, who sustained fractures in his left hand and right leg, had alleged that he was beaten up by men belonging to INLD. He was given police protection following the attack.Suresh Minchanbadi, president of grain market association, said, \"We are protesting against the lack of security at the grain market.\"SSP Devender Yadav said, \"We have got important clues on Godara's whereabouts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15854550", "title": "5 passengers of Konark Express robbed near Kurduwadi", "text": "PUNE: As many as five passengers on board the Mumbai-Bhubaneshwar Konark Express were robbed of Rs 38,000 near Kurduwadi railway station, around 160 km from Pune, on Sunday night.Inspector Ramesh Bingardeve, incharge of the Kurduwadi railway police force, said the train had stopped at a signal crossing at 11.38 pm to let Madurai express to pass by. Taking advantage of darkness, three or four men entered a sleeper class compartment. They brandished knives and snatched bags from four passengers. They also robbed a student who was seated in a general compartment. No one was injured.All passengers robbed were from Pune who were on way to Bhubaneshwar on a pilgrimage.The incident came to light after a police patrol inside the train alerted the Kurudwadi railway police. Two police teams have been fanned to catch the suspects.Passenger Sanjay Mali (42) from Nigdi has registered with Gulbarga police under section 392 (robbery) of the Indian Penal Code.The case was transferred to the Kurduwadi police on Monday morning for further investigations. No arrests were made till the report was filed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15866185", "title": "District administration to make Varanasi free of posters and hoardings", "text": "VARANASI: Finally the district administration and police have awakened to the task of making the city roads and streets free from posters, hoardings and banners displayed by the students willing to contest the forthcoming student union elections.SP City, SK Singh informed TOI on Monday, \"a massive drive to remove such posters, hoardings and banners will be launched in a few days. The action plan has been finalised in this regard.\" The officials of the district administration and police have stepped up for initiating action at a time when hundreds of hoardings, posters and banners have already been put especially on the roads leading to the entrance of the state universities and degree colleges.The ray of hope for the revival of student unions had generated immediately after the formation of Samajwadi Party government in the state. The students, willing to contest the student union election, initially started wall writing and printing their names on the back of auto-rickshaws. However, when the possibility of announcement of student union election schedule increased, the poster war intensified.In the past few weeks, many aspirants also displayed big hoardings by capturing the sites of advertisement agencies. This trend is not visible in Varanasi, however adjoining districts of the region mark the trend. Perhaps the same poster, banner and hoarding war compelled chief minister, Akhilesh Yadav to issue instructions for strict implementation of the recommendations of the Lyngdoh Committee during the student union elections in universities and degree colleges of the state to put an effective check on the extensive use of printed publicity materials.It is worth noticing that this war started without waiting for the announcement of the schedule for the student union elections. These practices by the students willing to contest the student union election hint clearly that they are totally unaware about the recommendations of the committee as well as the prescribed code of conduct for candidates. It suggests that no candidate would be permitted to make use of printed posters, printed pamphlets or any other printed material for the purpose of canvassing.For election-related expenditure and financial accountability, the Lyngdoh committee has recommended an amount of Rs 5,000 as the maximum permitted expenditure per candidate. However, many aspirants have already spent a huge amount on the posters, banners and hoardings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15854159", "title": "\u2018Govt\u2019 website under lens", "text": "NEW DELHI: The new and renewable energy ministry has approached police to probe genuineness of a website that had invited job applications on its behalf. Director (administration) Girish Kumar filed a complaint on Friday alleging that a website was operational in the name of National Energy Commission, which claims to be a Government of India body at Housahalli in Bangalore.\"The website claims that it was responsible for formulating policies necessary for popularizing the application of various non-conventional and renewable source of energy in the country,\" Kumar said. He said the ministry, the nodal body for all renewable energy programmes and activities in India, was not aware of any such commission set up by the Centre or any state government. \"We have doubts that this may be a bogus entity .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15861447", "title": "Goa pollution board halts Sesa coke plant activities", "text": "PANAJI: Sesa Goa Ltd has been directed to stop all activities at their coke oven plant within 48 hours, until further orders. On Monday, Navelim in Bicholim taluka, North Goa, where the plant is housed, observed a bandh protesting air pollution caused by soot emerging from the plant.Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) issued the directions on Monday under Section 31(A) of the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 and Section 33(A) of the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974.The pollution board also directed Sesa Goa to take all necessary precautions by carrying out root cause analysis for misfiring of burners during preheating of the coke oven and submit preventive measures the company proposes to undertake so as to ensure that such incidents are not repeated.\"Make necessary arrangement for collection of the deposits of carbon soot from the residential areas, temple, fields, storm water drains, nallahs etc\", the directions issued by GSPCB member secretary Levinson Martins state.Martins also said that failure to comply with the directions will compel the board to initiate legal action under provisions of the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 and the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 without further notice.The board also directed the chief inspector of the inspectorate of factories and boilers to conduct a comprehensive investigation of the incident and submit the report to GSPCB with its findings and recommendations if any within seven days, for further action.Martins also directed the deputy collector to submit a compliance report by the unit regarding the directions. The GSPCB decision has also been intimated to Navelim panchayat.GSPCB found that the unit carried out ambient air quality monitoring in May 2012 as per the ambient air quality monitoring reports submitted but has not carried out any monitoring since June 2012.Board officials had inspected the site in the presence of the Navelim sarpanch and panchas and observed that carbon particles were emanating from the Sesa Goa plant which had entered houses and contaminated food and clothing.Times ViewThe decision to stop operations at the Sesa Goa coke plant will come as a reliefThe decision to stop operations at the Sesa Goa coke plant will come as a relief to affected villagers. To ensure that this respite is not of a temporary nature, the company must follow conditions stipulated in the consent to operate, which Goa state pollution control board found were not being adhered. The company erred, it must make amends. If it is to restart operations, the government, which has been silent till now, has to play a major role in gaining the confidence of the residents of Navelim. Unless that happens it would be difficult for the company and villagers to coexist in harmony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15869466", "title": "Fungal, bacterial skin allergy cases up", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city dermatologists are receiving many cases of fungal and bacterial skin allergies triggered by the humid weather.Dr Bimal Kanish, consultant dermatologist at Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH), said, \"Due to high humidity in monsoon, people sweat more. As the air is saturated with water vapours, the sweat doesn't evaporate because of which fungus gets favorable conditions to grow and this causes fungal skin diseases. Of the 80 to 100 cases we receive every day, 40% to 50% are of fungal infections. We are also getting 10 to 20 cases of bacterial skin infection daily. Bacterial skin infections are caused due to scratching of the prickly heat rash, which arises due to sweating.\"So how can one deal with these? Dr Jastinder K Gill, consultant dermatologist at SPS Apollo Hospital, said, \"During rainy season, people should wear loose cotton clothes and avoid tight synthetic dresses. Besides, a regular bath is necessary following which they should properly towel dry themselves. As fungal and bacterial infections usually occur in body fold areas, like under arms, groins, toes (in case of men as they wear shoes) and under breasts (in case of women), these areas should be kept clean and dry. Of the 50 to 60 patients I see every day, 30% to 40% suffer from fungal skin infections and 10% to 20% from bacterial infections. The cases double in the season.\"Dr Gurinderjit Singh, consultant dermatologist at Mohandai Oswal Cancer and Multi-specialty Hospital, said, \"Bacterial infections are mostly seen in children and fungal in adults. Monsoons see more men complaining about skin infections than women. In case of males, the infections mostly take place in groins and in women under their breasts. Such cases triple during rainy season.\"Ripon Kalra, 28, a businessman of BRS Nagar, said, \"I had itching in groin. It was cured after I applied an anti-fungal powder prescribed by a dermatologist.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15853467", "title": "Clearances for Navi Mumbai airport to be quicker", "text": "MUMBAI: The Union government is set to accede to the state's demand of including the Navi Mumbai international airport project in the new greenfield airports policy.The new tag, once officially accorded, will speed up the process of the airport infrastructure development by doing away with mandatory approvals of the central government.The process of selection of the concessionaire for the airport's development could be performed at the state level.The request for quotation document prepared for inviting applications from interested parties is pending before the steering committee of the Union Cabinet. Once the project is considered under the new policy, the bidding process can be carried out at the state level.Under the new policy, the approval of airports within 150 km of an existing airport (Mumbai airport in this case) can be decided on an individual basis. The state, civil aviation ministry and the nodal agency ( CIDCO) will be able to decide how to divide air traffic between the airports.A senior state official said the state government has received positive feelers from the Union government, but another official said land acquisition remained a major hurdle for the project.New riders for elevated corridorBefore granting a request from the railways on grant of additional floor space index (FSI) for commercial development on railway properties and acquisition of land for the elevated rail corridor project, the state government has imposed a condition that the rehabilitation of project-affected people should be as per the state's policy. It has also suggested alternatives to bring down the requirement of commercial exploitation to finance projects, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15862173", "title": "'Clot nets' to help in stroke recovery", "text": "LONDON: Using small nets to extract blood clots from patients' brains instead of a coil may improve their recovery, two new studies have claimed. The latest methods involve a tiny wire cage instead of a coil. This pushes the clot up against the walls of the artery and enmeshes the clot in the wires, allowing doctors to pull the clot back out of the groin.Two similar devices were compared with the current coil methods. One trial of 113 patients showed 58% had good brain function after three months, compared with 33% of those treated with the coil method, as well as a lower death rate.Clots block blood vessels, starving parts of the brain of oxygen, which leads to symptoms such as paralysis and loss of speech. Two studies, presented in the Lancet medical journal, suggest extracting clots with nets could improve recovery, the BBC reported. There are already techniques for reopening blocked blood vessels in people's brains.Some patients will be given \"clot-busting\" drugs, but this needs to be in the hours just after the stroke and is not suitable for everyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15862816", "title": "Torrential shock for Akhilesh, tryst with goof-ups continues", "text": "LUCKNOW: Akhilesh Yadav's support to Torrent Power engaged in power distribution in Agra is the latest instance of chief minister's decision running into rough weather, with the UP accountant general assessing that the agreement between Torrent Power and UPPCL has caused a loss of more than Rs 5,000 crore to the state exchequer.This is the third decision of UP's youngest CM (who also holds the power portfolio) in the power sector alone to have either taken a beating or have run into contradiction with the government/institutional set-up. Be it his announcement of blacklisting the transformer companies, which the UPPCL officials said were just issued a show-cause notice, or rolling back the decision to stop power supply to malls and shops after 7.00 p.m., the government had the foot in its mouth.Akhilesh now finds himself and his government's decision-making ability under the opposition's scanner. \"All this shows the weakness and indecisiveness of the state government. They should first look into the issue properly before going public on it,\" said UP Congress president, Rita Bahuguna Joshi. BJP state president, Laxmikant Bajpayi said that the peculiar situation emerged due to too many power centres in the state government. \"People will not accuse the various SP leaders, but only Akhilesh of heading a roll-back government,\" Bajpayi said.Despite Akhilesh being chief minister, Bajpayi said that Yadav patriarch Mulayam Singh Yadav is still very much in control of the party. The SP chief is apart from leaders like Azam Khan and Akhilesh's uncle Shivpal Yadav, who continue to assert themselves on the young CM.The allegations of the opposition gain momentum from the fact that there have been a host of decisions of Akhilesh Yadav and his government that were either rolled back or contradicted the promise Akhilesh made while riding his 'Kranti Rath' before the assembly elections.Take for example the weekly public meeting or the 'Janta Darshan'. The exercise that began with a bang was soon discontinued citing the demands of legislative business during the assembly session. The session may have got over long back, but the 'darshan' never gained its steam back.Akhilesh, then, raised a storm in June when he announced in the assembly that the MLAs would be allowed to use up to Rs 20 lakh from their constituency development fund to buy a luxury car. The announcement invited public as well as political outrage. Even top SP leaders found it difficult to defend Akhilesh on that account. Barely 24 hours later, Akhilesh withdrew the offer saying it was \"misinterpreted\".As he took over, some five months ago, Akhilesh had promised UP that he would not get bothered with political one-upmanship and just focus on the state's development. Four months later, he decided to do something better than his predecessor Mayawati , and changed the names of eight districts that the BSP boss.Likewise, all this while, from the day his Samajwadi Party stormed to power in UP, there had been regular incidents of violence and rowdiness in the state with the young Yadav, who had promised the state freedom from \"goondaraj\", still finds himself hard-pressed to explain why his administration is unable to curtail these incidents. There has been a growing perception that he has done little to act against criminal elements within his party. In fact, during the lunch that the CM hosted for presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee , jailed MLAs Mukhtar Ansari and Vijay Mishra stretched the liberty they were given to attend assembly and drove up in ambulances to attend the party at the CM's residence.The young chief minister then seemed to take a stance contrary to that of his father and SP boss Mulayam Singh Yadav, when he said that he was in favour of foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail, if it came with safeguards for farmers. His father, Mulayam Singh Yadav has been at the forefront of political protests against the move to allow FDI in multi-brand retail and had been writing to the prime minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15849487", "title": "State govt seeks former commissioner\u2019s replacement in Kripa probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Maharashtra government on Monday sought replacement of top police officer Arup Patnaik in the probe into alleged disproportionate assets of Congress leader Kripashankar Singh and his family on the grounds that after his transfer from the Mumbai Police commissioner's post, he would not have the infrastructure to conduct investigations into the case.However, Singh's counsel told the court that since Maharashtra police has already filed two status reports before the SC on investigations in the alleged disproportionate assets case, the police should be allowed to proceed with the case without it being monitored by the Bombay HC.When this plea was opposed by the Maharashtra counsel, a bench of Justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad said it would consider the rival contentions on Monday. On March 13, the apex court had stayed an HC order directing attachment of Singh's alleged disproportionate assets but had asked the Congress leader not to alienate, transfer or deal with these moveable and immovable assets in any manner.However, the bench had refused to interfere with the HC order to then Mumbai Police commissioner Patnaik to conduct a probe and list the alleged disproportionate assets to unravel the \"rags-to-riches\" story of Singh and his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15852178", "title": "Delhi set to ban gutka sales by next week", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government is set to ban sale, manufacturing, distribution and storage of all gutka products in the city by next week. After giving a verbal undertaking to the Delhi High Court last week, the government on Monday cleared the file pertaining to the ban and has sent it to the lieutenant-governor for final clearance. The ban will also be imposed on pan masalas containing nicotine and tobacco.Sources in the health department confirmed that a complete blanket ban on gutka would be implemented by next week. When contacted, health minister A K Walia said, \"We are strongly in favour of banning gutka and action regarding the same will be taken soon.\"On August 22, the Delhi High Court had asked the city government to examine and decide in two weeks on a plea to ban the sale of tobacco products in the capital. The direction had come on a plea filed by Doctors for You, a registered society.Citing a media report of July 31, in which the Delhi health minister had said the government should ban sale of tobacco products, the bench asked the state to consider the plea as a representation and decide the same in two weeks. The petitioner had claimed that eight states -- Madhya Pradesh , Kerala, Haryana, Bihar , Himachal Pradesh , Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Goa -- have already banned gutka and its products but Delhi government is still to take any action.Under the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006, the Centre framed a regulation in 2011 empowering the state's Food Safety Commissioner to ban tobacco products. According to the Food Safety and Standards (Prohibition and Restrictions on Sales) Regulations, 2011, gutka and other forms of chewing tobacco products such as zarda, pan masala, gul and bajjar which are toxic and addictive, should be banned from being sold in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15857892", "title": "26-yr-old found hanging", "text": "HUBLI: A 26-year-old woman was found hanging in her house at Haveri on Monday afternoon. Haveri town police said the deceased was identified as Yashoda Badli, a resident of PWD quarters of Haveri city.Quoting her relatives, police said she was suffering from severe stomach pain for the past few years and this may have led her to take the extreme step. Yashoda allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself to a rod in her house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15852418", "title": "Tiroda police nab four vehicle lifters", "text": "GONDIA: Tiroda police on Sunday nabbed four vehicle lifters and recovered three two-wheelers from them.According to police, after complaint by one Bhairam of Tiroda about theft of his motorcycle from the APMC premises, Tiroda 10 months ago, constable Sunil Yadao was deputed to keep a watch on the vehicle lifters. Subsequently, Rajendra Tidke, 30, and Raju Patle, 21 of village Chikhli from Tiroda tehsil were arrested. During interrogation, they confessed stealing Bhairam's vehicle and also gave information about their two aides, Chhotelal from Tarachand Kanoje of Birsi and Sachin Bhanarkar of Lalganj, Nagpur.The duo was rounded up. They confessed thefts of two more vehicles, one MH36-8389 from Sihora of Bhandara district and one more motorcycle. Tiroda police have recovered these vehicles.PI Madame, PSI Vishwas Patil and Sunil Yadao are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15861685", "title": "Students' panel threatens to move court: Goa university polls", "text": "PANAJI: A students panel contesting the Goa university (GU) students council elections has threatened to file a writ petition in the high court of Bombay at Goa claiming violation of the university statutes in conduct of the elections by the GU directorate of students welfare.The panel is supported by the Congress students wing National Students' Union of India (NSUI) and Nationalist Congress party (NCP).\"Being scrutiny officer for a candidate, when I asked the director for student welfare to produce biodata of the students council chairperson candidate Gaurang Panandikar, the director failed to produce the biodata and said that it had not been received. As per the GU norms, biodata should be submitted before the scrutiny process. The director later accepted the biodata after the scrutiny and violated norms,\" student Milroy Antao said.Antao said that during the university faculty representative elections he had lodged another complaint against the same candidate asking for the elections to be nullified as the audit report of expenditure at the college level elections had not been submitted of the candidate's proposer and seconder.\"The decision in this complaint too went in the favour of our opposition panel and we feel that there is some political pressure on university officials. We have also lodged our complaint in the matter with the vice-chancellor, who is the final appellate authority. But more than 48 hours later we have received no response. We are left with no option but to file a writ petition seeking cancellation of the elections by the court,\" Antao said.Ritesh Rawal of NCP said that the university is supposed to form a grievance redressal cell for the elections before the polls' conduct, but this procedure too has been bypassed by the university.\"This is violation of a democratic process and we are supporting the students' demand that the elections should be cancelled and the elections should be carried out following all the due procedures as laid down by the university statutes. It does not matter even if this means conducting the elections only next year,\" Rawal said.Student Wilfredo Andrade alleged that the elections procedure is clearly being bent in favour of persons of a particular political party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15859055", "title": "43 Indians in custody of Somali pirates: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shipping minister G K Vasan on Monday informed Lok Sabha that 43 Indian citizens were in the custody of Somali pirates.He said the Centre has taken several steps for the release of hostages and to deal with the menace. These steps include setting up of an inter-ministerial group of officers (IMGO) to deal with hostage situation arising out of the hijacking of merchant vessels with Indian crew on board.The shipping ministry has issued guidelines for deployment of armed security guards on board Indian flagged merchant ships. Indian ship owners can also deploy armed security guards. Naval escort is provided to the ships in the Gulf of Aden. The Indian Navy is providing enhanced vigil in the Indian EEZ and westward up to 65 degrees east longitude.Moreover, the government has banned sailing of vessels in waters south or west of the line joining Salalah and Male.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15858483", "title": "When you want it, you can do it: Satvasheela Chavan", "text": "NAGPUR: \"Women have the power in them to do what they want, whenever they want. If only they would use it,\" said Satvasheela Chavan, wife of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.She was addressing an awareness programme for young women about their rights. It was organized jointly by the department of home economics of Vasantrao Naik Government Institute of Arts and Social Sciences, and Women's International League for Peace and Freedom (WILPF). Deputy collector Rajlaxmi Shah was also present.A number of issues were covered during the sessions at the seven-day workshop for teachers from over seven cities. \"A colleague had joined us from New York, but she had to leave early. WILPF is a women's organization with a long history, and has made a significant contribution to world at large. Our headquarters are in Geneva and we work to uplift women throughout the world according to the requirement of the land,\" said Neelima Sinha, HoD, department of home economics and vice president, WILPF International.The workshop included sessions on property rights of women, Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women (CEDAW), physical and mental health of women, violence against women in work places, domestic violence, sexual assault etc.The recommendations from the panel discussions will be sent to Geneva. The general consensus was that not only were rights and their awareness necessary, the courage to claim them was equally important.\"Once a teacher in a school suggested that boys were more intelligent than girls. The next day, the computer system of the entire school was shut, with only a ticker demanding an apology for the statement. For one whole month, the school authorities were at the mercy of those who hacked the system, and finally the arrogant teacher and authorities had to apologize. This is the power of girls, and there is nothing they can't do,\" said Chavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15856639", "title": "Aarushi case: Defence lawyers corner forensic expert on procedures", "text": "NEW DELHI: Defence lawyers in the Aarushi-Hemraj murder trial grilled CFSL expert Dr BK Mahapatra on Monday about samples lifted from the scene of the 2008 double murder. Questioning the senior CFSL biologist, defence lawyers focused on material evidence collected from the crime scene in the Talwar household, including exhibits that were examined by Mahapatra.The expert had visited the spot along with 12 other scientists on June 1, 2008 as part of a forensic team.During the trial on Monday, the defence asked Mahapatra if he recalled signing the seizure memo and if a pillow case was recovered as evidence from Aarushi's room. The expert, however, could only affirm he went as part of the forensic team to the crime scene and couldn't \"remember exactly where the pillow cover was found as this was the responsibility of the investigating officer\".The defence then charged Mahapatra with misleading the court since he had earlier stated during the trial that a pillow case had traces of male DNA in it. The lawyers for the defence maintained the pillow was not even found in the dead girl's room and the expert's statements pointed that the CBI failed to establish the crime scientifically.Mahapatra's cross-examination was held for the fifth day before Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) special judge S Lal.In another query, the expert was asked whether he clicked photos of the articles collected for performing tests as per the rules laid down by the National Accreditation Board of Testing and Calibration Laboratories (NABL), but he answered in the negative.The scientist claimed CFSL followed its own manual. Similarly, the expert stuck to his statement that it's not possible to determine DNA from the vaginal sample since it was found to be contaminated, corroborating the CBI's stand that the sample got swapped by mistake at the district hospital in Noida.Aarushi's father Rajesh Talwar and mother Nupur Talwar stand accused in the double murder. Nupur Talwar was taken into custody on April 30 and she challenged in the Supreme Court the May 31 Allahabad high court order rejecting her bail plea. She is lodged in Ghaziabad's Dasna Jail. Her husband is out on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15866218", "title": "Ganga continues to rise", "text": "VARANASI: The holy river continued to rise in this region. In the last 24 hours, the level of Ganga rose by one to two metres at different places on Monday. The increasing trend indicated that the river may touch the danger mark in Ballia on Tuesday.According to the daily flood bulletin of the Middle Ganga Division-3 of Central Water Commission, an increase of 1.620 metres in level was recorded in Varanasi on Monday while Mirzapur recorded an increase of 1.360 metres, Ghazipur 2.050 metres and Ballia 1.400 metres during the period. The river was flowing at the level of 67.440 metres in Varanasi, 72.910-metre in Mirzapur, 61.360-metre in Ghazipur and 57.240-metre in Ballia on Monday.The river was flowing just 0.375 metre below the danger mark in Ballia. It is feared that the river would touch the danger mark (57.615-metre) in Ballia on Tuesday. Ganga was flowing blow the danger marks in Mirzapur, Varanasi and Ghazipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15870254", "title": "HC notice to Lokayukta on term extension", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court on Monday issued notice to UP Lokayukta N K Mehrotra, asking him to file a counter-affidavit in a writ petition seeking quashing of the amendment made in the UP Lokayukta and Up Lokayukta Act extending his term for two years.The court also directed to the state government to file a reply in this case within three weeks, and fixed September 27 as the next date of hearing.Passing the order on a writ petition filed by MLC Mukul Upadhayay, a division bench Justice Sunil Ambwani and Justice A N Mittal rejected the preliminary objection raised by the advocate general against the maintainability of the writ petition.The bench held that the writ petition against the Lokayukta is maintainable.The court observed, \"It is the duty of the state government to justify the appointment and more particularly when the appointment is made statutorily with certain safeguards.In the present case, the appointment under the Act has to be made with the consent of the Chief Justice and the Leader of the Opposition in the legislative assembly.\"The petitioner had requested the court to issue a writ of quo-warranto directing the Lokayukta to show cause as to under which authority of law he is continuing to hold the office of Lokayukta and withdrawing salary and all other allowances of the office.The petitioner had also prayed for declaring the new amendment made in the said Act, by which term of Lokayukta was extended for two years, as illegal and unconstitutional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15850925", "title": "Maoist leader surrenders", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Poturu Raja Rao alias Bhupati , a district committee member of CPI Maoists of east division in AOB surrendered before the police here on Monday due to ill health and other reasons.Bhupati, a native of Gondipalli in GK Veedhi mandal of Visakhapatnam, reportedly participated in the Balimela ambush, in which about 37 Greyhound special party personnel were killed. The DCM leader said that there were differences among the leaders of AOB cadre and everyone aspired to be on top. The meetings conducted to address and sort out the differences were futile, he said.A DCM of east division, Bhupati, had participated in the attack on Nalco at Damanjodi, Chodavaram police station in 2002. He took part in Gunukurai exchange of fire before the Balimela ambush and was allegedly involved in Malkangiri district collector Vineel Krishna's kidnap. Bhupati was associated with the Maoist party since 1999. He was arrested twice and allegedly tortured by police, which led him to join the underground cadre of naxalites. He was the commander for Pedabayalu squad for nearly six years before he was promoted as DCM. He told reporters that though his health deteriorated in the last five years neither the party nor the local leaders took care of him.He alleged that the party had been losing its grip in the East Division due to the unilateral decisions of some leaders and the brutal terrorizing of the locals, some of whom were even murdered.The Visakha range DIG Swathi Lakra said the government would give a reward of Rs 3 lakh to Bhupati very soon. A house site or a piece of farm land would be sanctioned for him as early as possible, she said. She appealed to the UG cadre to come over ground and lead a main stream life. Visakha rural SP G Srinivas was also present at the press meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15857905", "title": "Twin cities come under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission", "text": "HUBLI: Union urban development ministry has finally included the twin cities of Hubli-Dharwad in the second phase of Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JnNURM).In a press release, Hubli-Dharwad Mahanagar Zilla president A M Hindasgeri said responding to their memorandum to the Centre for the inclusion of the two cities under JnNURM, the under secretary of the union urban development ministry had informed that Hubli-Dharwad were included in second phase of JnNURM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15865137", "title": "Health of youngsters is our focus: Meijer", "text": "BHOPAL: The United Nations Population Fund , (UNFPA) will focus on the need for comprehensive sex education for youth in its country programme 8 (eight) beginning from 2013, said UNFPA India representative Frederika Meijer here on Monday. The development agency representative also held talks with senior state government officials, including chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan.\"UNFPA is focused on evidence-based planning and it is our endeavour to provide such data to the state government,\" said Meijer, whose organization, is helping the state government meet the millennium development goals. Reproductive health and gender issues are at core of UNPFA initiative in a state which does not enjoy optimal record on maternal and child health. \"Young boys and girls lack access to correct information. Misconceptions from sources like internet are at times, not healthy,\" she added. \"At no point are we promoting premarital sex. In fact, we are advocating postponing of first act of sex,\" said Meijer. Apart from focusing on stopping unintended pregnancies in youth, she stressed on the need for changing mindset, especially with sex-ratio being more skewed in favour of boys in urban cities than rural areas. \"We know we will never win with technology. People's mindset has to be changed,\" she added.Organisations like UNFPA are advocating administrative set-up to implement a law like PCPNDT Act, in the fight against female foeticide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15868587", "title": "Burglars target cars, decamp with cash, documents", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Recently the city has been hit by a couple of incidents, where burglars decamped with valuables and cash lying in the car after breaking the windows of the vehicles parked at different locations in the city. According to the police, burglars targeted cars parked in secluded points in the parking areas of Sector 34 and Hallomajra on late Saturday. So far police have failed to make any headway in the cases and are taking the help of fingerprint experts and CFSL scientists to nab the accused.Jaspreet Singh Sukhija of Sector 44 complained that someone has stolen two cellphones, ATM, credit cards, driving licence, voter card and Rs 7,500 cash from his car. The car was parked near a gurdwara in Sector 34.In another case, Rakesh Sharma of Zirakpur alleged that someone has stolen a bag containing Rs 1,70,000 and important documents by breaking the window of his car parked near Hallomajra light point. a??It seems that both incidents are the handiwork of the same gang,a?? said a police official here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15858356", "title": "Two killed in Belgaum group clash, curb orders are on", "text": "BELGAUM: Two persons died and over a dozen others injured in a group clash that broke out in Belgaum late on Sunday night. Police have clamped prohibitory orders on the border town.District police chief Sandeep Patil told TOI that a 28-year-old man and 18-year-old youth were killed in the attack that started after an altercation between two groups of people over bursting of crackers in front of a place of worship at Vishnugalli here. At least a dozen persons were injured in isolated cases of attacks and stone-throwing, police said. The city has come to standstill \u2014 a throwback to the early 1990s. The Belgaum incident unsettles Karnataka's relatively peaceful atmosphere after it witnessed the July 28 Mangalore home stay attack and the mid-August panic exodus of the northeast people from Bangalore.The district police boss said 28 people have been arrested in connection with the violence. Section 144 of the Criminal Procedure Code has been clamped on the city to prevent assembly of five or more people. All schools and colleges were shut on Monday. The educational institutions are likely to reopen on Tuesday as police have made elaborate security arrangements across the city.The SP said the situation is under control and no fresh incident has been reported on Monday.Additional deputy general of police (law and order) Bipin Gopalkrishna, who arrived from Bangalore, is monitoring the situation. Additional police force from neighbouring Hubli and a company of Rapid Action Force from Bangalore have been called in. To build confidence among people, police staged a route march in all the sensitive areas on Monday evening. Police convened peace committee meetings in presence of leaders from different communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15851305", "title": "Provocative posters around town nudge Hyderabad cops into action", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state counter intelligence cell sleuths believe that people who created the website -Youth of Islam - could have masterminded the inflammatory posters that appeared in the city last week.The sleuths are not able to give any details about the YOI, but say that the posters that spoke about the alleged tyranny perpetrated against the Muslims in different parts of the world carried its name. \"The posters pasted on the walls in several localities in the Old City mainly talked about the alleged excesses against the Muslims. They said that the Muslims have a right to defend themselves when attacked.They were indirectly inciting the Muslims to take action. At the poster's bottom, the name of the organisation was given as YOI which has not been known to us,\" an officer associated with the investigation said on condition of anonymity.He said the police have to be extra alert in view of the incidents of communal nature taking place in some parts of the city. Since Ganesh Chaturthi and Bakrid would fall in the next two months, the police would not want to leave anything to chance. \"We don't know whose mischief it is or who is behind the posters and the website. But this is a game which has to be countered effectively,\" he added.The police sources believe that the posters were prepared and printed by some local elements. The posters carry a picture of the 2010 communal riot as background to the content.Two police stations in the city have registered FIR against unknown persons and launched investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15864421", "title": "3 burglaries reported", "text": "NASHIK: Cash and jewellery worth Rs 26,000 was stolen from a locked house near Sundar Narayan temple, Rana Pratap Chowk, Cidco on Sunday. Lavesh Roy said that unidentified burglars broke into his house between 12.30am and 6.30am of Sunday and stole valuables.In another break-in case reported at the Ambad, jewellery worth Rs 78,000 was stolen from Bhanudas Sarode's Datta Chowk house in Cidco between 5pm of August 25 and 10.30am of August 26. A third case from Viraj Park, Upnagar, was reported where cash and jewellery worth Rs 75,000 were stolen from Viraj Park, behind Siddharth Hotel on Sunday.A complaint in this regard has been lodged at the Ambad Police Station.Vehicle theftA Bajaj Pulser bike worth Rs 20,000 was stolen from the old Market-yard gate near Panchavati on August 20. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Ramesh ShinganHe said that the bike was stolen from the said spot between 9.30 am to 10.15 am. The Panchavati police are investigating the case.Woman lodges plaintA woman, Nilima Vavhal (34) of Descent Lady Hostel House in Ahmednagar, now residing atPanchvati, has lodged a complaint against husband Shantanu Vavhal and three in-laws for harassing her to bring Rs 10 lakh from her parents for her husband's printing press. tnnShe said she was harassed by her husband and in-laws from June, 2011 to September 2011. Panchavati police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15855894", "title": "Differently-abled person attempts suicide in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: A 24-year-old differently-abled youth attempted suicide by setting him ablaze during the grievance redress day meeting in Trichy district here on Monday as he was denied loan by a bank in Thuraiyur for a long time.The district collectorate witnessed a large number of people waiting to submit petitions before collector Jayashree Muralidharan at the grievance redress day on Monday. But soon, they were stunned when Suresh from Keerambur village in Thuraiyur taluk poured kerosene on himself and tried to immolate himself. However, alert policemen on duty prevented him from immolating himself. They frisked him to find out if he had a matchbox or cigarette lighter. But he did not have them in his possession. So, the police tried to remove him from the place immediately. The drama lasted for about 15 minutes.When mediapersons asked Suresh why he attempted suicide, he said, \"I was from a poor family and tried to start a lathe after getting a loan of Rs 20,000 from a bank in Thuraiyur. I applied for a loan but it was denied. So, I met the district collector who asked the bank to consider my loan application. But the bank officials constantly denied loan and didn't even want to go through my application. It continued for a long time and discouraged me at last. Hence, I tried to end my life.\"Muralidharan told TOI, \"He got a loan twice already from the bank. Now, he has applied for loan for the third time. But it was delayed for some reason. Moreover, he did not approach the district administration in this regard recently. If he had brought his application to me, it would have been solved. But attempting to end his life does not augur well.\"However, the collector said she would recommend to the bank officials to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15858576", "title": "Bride hunt melts Vindhyas for Brahmins", "text": "MANGALORE: Frenetic hunt for matrimonial alliance has led to the breaking of ice between two sects of Brahmin community who were divided by the mighty Vindhyas. The Pancha-Gauda Brahmins of the north and the Pancha-Dravidas of the south are likely to explore marriage proposals.Representatives of the All-India Brahmins' Federation, Akhila Karnataka Brahmin Mahasabha and other Brahmin associations will meet at Delhi's Vidyapeetha on October 7 to discuss the issue. A few days ago, Sullia's Kashyapa Yuva Brahmin Vedike decided to act as matchmaker between Brahmin grooms here and girls from Kashimiri Pandit families in the National Capital Region of Delhi.Mahasabha member Krishnamurthy Bayaru told TOI that the Pejawar mutt's junior pontiff will attend the meeting. The pontiffs of Ramachandrapura and Sringeri mutts, too, will be invited.Krishnamurthy echoed the Kashyapa Vedike on the reasons to look northwards for brides: Skewed sex ratio in the state; well-earning priests, farmers and cooks not enjoying a good marriage market; and educated girls seeking parity in the match. The problem was more acute in the coast than in the Malnad. Mahasabha's organizing secretary (Karnataka) M S Nanjundaswamy said the Vipra Jagrutha Convention at Shimoga discussed the issue threadbare on May 19 and 20 and formed a committee to fast-track the proposal. Before the Delhi conclave, the Mahasabha members will tour North India to instil confidence among families willing to marry off their daughters to grooms in the south.\"Landowners, self-employed and priests top our priority list. We'll do a thorough groom background check before recommending that person,\" Swamy said. He agreed that the North-South solution, though, was a temporary one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15868343", "title": "Parking of two-wheelers in limbo at Tatanagar station", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Unwilling to manage chaos for long at the railway parking site, railway employees at Tatanagar station, who have been manning the business of parking of vehicles temporarily round-the-clock, have left the job in a huff.The dozen-odd railway staff refused to continue with the job following repeated instances of alleged hostile behavior of the vehicle owners.For the past several months, the local railway administration deployed its personnel to manage the parking business as private party was not qualifying for the same for technical reasons, but lack of efficient handling of the situation resulted in theft of vehicles from the parking space.\"In the past 10 months, over 12 two-wheelers were lifted from the parking site. However, with the help of the Government Railway Police, we recovered three vehicles,\" said a source in the Railway Men's Congress Union.The union has all along been against the deployment of the railway staff on parking duty and on several instances took up the matter with the authorities.Besides, the employees often came under attack for damage of parked vehicles and in few instances the vehicle owners misbehaved with the personnel on duty for the damage.\"In the wake of several of our personnel remaining absent from (parking) duty, it has become difficult to run the parking job effectively. Probably, in the next two to three days we will come up with alternative mechanism,\" said senior divisional commercial manager, Chakradharpur division, A N Biswas.According to railway sources, parking of the two-wheelers has been suspended while that of four-wheelers will continue as the GRP and railway police have assured of cooperation for the time being.The parking business was earlier run by a private agency but subsequent to the completion of the term the authorization was cancelled in 2011.Since them, the authorities did come out with tenders for selecting the agency on two occasions. However, owing to deficient technical standards not a single firm was qualified for the job and the onus of managing the vehicles at the parking lot rested with the local railway staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15871145", "title": "Women's commission gets teeth after 12 years", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the Haryana assembly passing the Haryana State Commission for Women Bill, 2012, to constitute Haryana State Commission for Women, the 12-year-old watchdog body in the state finally got some teeth. A total of five bills were passed during the closing time of Monday's sitting of monsoon session.The commission was formed in the state on December 12, 1999. But in absence of power, the members as well staff could hardly proceed beyond issuing communications in matters related to violation of women rights in the state. The Bill, proposed to strengthen the State Women Commission, would now provide statutory status to the body. The Act would be called Haryana State Commission for Women Act, 2012, which shall come into force on such date as the government may, by notification in the official gazette notify. The Act would cover the entire state.The government will constitute a body known as Haryana State Commission for Women to exercise the powers conferred on, and perform the functions assigned to it under the Act. The Commission will consist of a chairperson, who will be a woman, committed to the cause of women, to be nominated by the government.The Haryana Prohibition of Ragging in Educational Institution Bill, 2012 has been passed to stop the menace of ragging in schools, colleges, universities and professional institutions. Ragging is a social menace, which has devastating psychological and physical effect on a student. It adversely impacts the standards of higher education.The Haryana Private Technical Educational Institution (Regulation of Admission and Fee) Bill, 2012, was also cleared to regulate admission and fee structure in private technical educational institutions in the state as per orders of the Supreme Court in TMA Pai and others versus State of Karnataka and others dated 31.10.2012 and judgment in Islamic Academy of Education and Others versus State of Karnataka and others dated 14.8.2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15853192", "title": "Anna Hazare back on detox diet at Bangalore nature cure centre", "text": "BANGALORE: Veteran Gandhian Anna Hazare is back at the Jindal Nature Cure Institute in Bangalore - this time to follow up on his detox diet treatment. Anna first came here in February.Unlike in February, when Anna had come with a high blood pressure complaint, this time, he has simply reported headache and acidity. \"This is largely because Anna has been religiously following naturopathy and yoga regime given to him last time,\" Dr Babina Nandkumar, joint chief medical officer at the institute, told TOI.Anna has been put on a restricted diet of fruit and salad, apart from which he's also being given a stomach mudbath and a full body mudbath regularly.The last time he was here, he was suffering from a host of problems like accumulation of toxins largely due to steroid medication. The 74-year-old also complained of high blood pressure, arthritis , osteoporosis , swelling of the whole body and pain in the neck and lower back.\"Now, he's not on any medication. Depending on his health over the next three days, we'll decide on his diet and medication,\" said Dr Babina. Anna is expected to stay here for the next 10 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15863081", "title": "Governor gets Victoria Memorial to re-open galleries", "text": "KOLKATA: For nearly two decades, two of the most important sections of Victoria Memorial were out of bounds to visitors. But thanks to the Governor, the Rotunda and Royal Gallery will be opened shortly, the Rotunda as early as the first week of September.Visitors are prohibited from climbing the staircase beyond the central hall to go to the Rotunda. They are also barred from entering the Royal Gallery, which contains artefacts that were gifted by Buckingham Palace at the inception of the monument.A visit by Governor M K Narayanan, in his capacity as the chairman of the board of trustees of the Memorial, changed it all.The marble walls just below the Rotunda have a rare collection of 12 original Salisbury paintings, depicting the life of Queen Victoria right from the time she got news of the death of her uncle, Edward V till her death.These oil paintings were done by Frank Salisbury, one of the greatest painters of the late Nineteenth and early Twentieth century, whose paintings about the royalty and nobility received worldwide acclaim. The paintings are unique because they are semi-circular in shape.\"People mistake these paintings as frescoes on the marble walls but they are actually oil on canvas. The style and details are a feast for the eyes,\" said administrative officer of the Memorial, Shakil Ahmed. \"Once we open up the Rotunda, people can climb the staircase and from the foyer take a close look at the paintings,\" Ahmed added.At the moment large scale repair work and restoration of the Rotunda, cleaning, conservation and labelling of the paintings are on so that the Rotunda can be opened to the public in the first week of September.It will take a little longer for the Royal Gallery to open since more detailed restoration work is required here. It is here that the Jaipur Procession - which is the third largest oil painting in the world, has been kept. The painting shows the entry of Edward VII, the then Prince of Wales (1876) entering Jaipur on elephant back. The painting was done by Russian painter Veretchagin.Since the gallery is out of bounds for the public, the painting too has been away from public view. This apart, the gallery also has a gold embossed writing desk that was used by Queen Victoria, many rare original paintings including an ancient Qazar painting and a gown used by Lady Curzon, the wife of the then Viceroy, Lord Curzon.Ever since the Royal Gallery has been kept closed, it has been used by the Memorial as a restoration laboratory. There is moisture seepage in its walls and floor, thus peeling off the plaster and damaging the floor.\"We had asked the Archaeological Survey of India to inspect and ascertain the extent of damage. This has been done and the restoration of the gallery will start soon,\" Ahmed added.The gallery also contained the grand piano that Queen Victoria used to play while she was a girl of 10. This piano was recently brought out of the gallery, restored and kept on display at the central hall. \"We are happy that we are in the process of re-opening two major sections of the Memorial after a long gap,\" curator Swapan Chakraborty said.Officials at the Raj Bhavan confirmed that the governor has been regularly following up on the progress of the restoration work at the two galleries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15858282", "title": "CBI books IAS officer in CWG case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has booked a serving IAS officer, Vijay Kumar Gautam, in connection with alleged irregularities in awarding consultancy works related to Commonwealth Games to a Switzerland-based firm.Gautam, a 1987 batch IAS officer from the Maharashtra cadre, was chief operating officer of the Commonwealth Games Organizing Committee. He was booked along with sacked OC chairman Suresh Kalmadi, CEO of Swiss firm Event Knowledge Services Craig Gordon, former OC secretary general Lalit Bhanot, former OC treasurer A K Mattoo and other unknown persons, CBI sources said.When contacted, the CBI spokesperson Dharini Mishra said all of them were booked under Section 120 B (criminal conspiracy) of IPC with relevant sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act for alleged irregularities in awarding consultancy contracts relating to Games' workforce and planning, project and risk management services.\"It was also alleged that undue pecuniary gain was caused by the officials of the Organizing Committee to the consortium of the Switzerland-based firm by way of awarding the two said contracts in a wrongful manner,\" Mishra said.Last year, the Prime Minister Office, after receiving the report of the high-powered V K Shunglu Committee, had recommended a probe into the EKS contract to the sports ministry.\"Department of sports may forward, to the CBI/ED, for action as appropriate, relevant extracts of the report pertaining to the matter of EKS and the clear cases of forgery, falsification, record creation etc, mentioned in case of other highlighted irregularities,\" the letter from the PMO to the sports ministry had said.The committee, in its report submitted to the PMO on March 28, 2011, found several discrepancies in the projects executed by the company and alleged \"collusion\" among Kalmadi, CEO of CWG Federation Mike Hooper and other senior functionaries of the Games body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15852361", "title": "RTO agent caught taking Rs 200 bribe", "text": "NAGPUR: An agent allegedly working for assistant regional transport officer Sudhakar Dani landed in the ACB net on Monday evening for demanding and accepting a bribe of Rs200 from a complainant, who had gone to the RTO office to get a badge number required for the bus conductor's job in state-run bus services. The accused agent has been identified as Mahendra Wasnik (42), a resident of Ambedkar Nagar, Dharampeth.According to ACB officials, Dinesh Gawande (28), a resident of Somwari Bazaar, Sitabuldi, had earlier met Dani, who directed him to meet Wasnik if he wanted to clear his documents to get the conductor's badge number.API Narendra Hiware told TOI that Gawande wanted to apply for a conductor's job in Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC). He was supposed to submit a conductor's badge number for this, which was to be procured from the Regional Transport Office.On August 24, Gawande submitted his application with ARTO Dani. During his interaction with the applicant, the ARTO pointed out many mistakes in Gawande's form and directed him to meet Wasnik, who has been working as an agent since last two decades. Wasnik told Gawande if he wanted to get his work done he will have to shell out Rs500, which was the rate fixed by Dani.As Gawande was not ready to shell out the money, he again visited the RTO office on Monday morning and bargained the bribe amount to Rs200.Subsequently, he lodged a complaint with the anti-corruption bureau (ACB). A trap was laid and the ACB sleuths caught Wasnik red-handed while accepting the money from Gawande. Though ACB booked Wasnik under section 8 of Prevention Of Corruption Act, the complainant was not happy with the ACB action. Proper planning could have netted the bigger fish Dani, he said.According to Gawande, the ACB action was carried out in a very hasty manner. He pointed out that Dani, who had earlier refused to endorse the application, had cleared the form after Gawande paid Rs200 to Wasnik. Sources also wondered why the ACB did not try to nab Dani. They asked how Dani could direct Gawande to meet Wasnik, who was not an employee of the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15859292", "title": "Zoo plans surgery on tiger", "text": "MYSORE: A day after a tiger was rescued from Heggadadevana Kote taluk, Mysore zoo authorities are planning a surgery on the injured big cat. Vets have sought permission from principal chief conservator of forests Dipal Sarmah, who is chief wildlife warden of Karnataka.Zoo executive director B P Ravi said the tiger is under stress and needs immediate treatment. The zoo authorities have also noticed injuries on its nose and back. Besides, it has severe swelling on left forelimb and suspected it to be a fracture.Ravi said that the tiger was critical and only a detailed medical examination and X-ray report will reveal the nature of injury and fracture.Zoo has requested Dr Vasanthy Shetty, dean of veterinary college, Hassan, to assist in the possible surgery. The tiger aged around 10 years was rescued from H D Kote taluk on Saturday and was brought to Mysore zoo for treatment.DCF B S Gaonkar told TOI that the tiger has suffered serious injury and it is likely to be kept in captivity for the rest of its life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15865392", "title": "Heavy rainfall in state in 48 hrs likely", "text": "BHOPAL: The eastern parts of Madhya Pradesh could see heavy rainfall in the next 48 hours as a low-pressure area formed over the Bay of Bengal is rapidly moving towards the state, the meteorological department director DP Dubey told TOI.According to the Met department, the low pressure system is presently over Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh. \"As the system enters the state, we could see some heavy showers in next two to three days in the eastern parts of the state, especially Jabalpur,'' Met director DP Dubey said. \"The western parts of the state, which have received heavy showers this monsoon will receive scattered and moderate rains.''The state received 9.4 mm rain on Monday and the total rainfall so far this season is 1022.1 mm,which is 187.6 mm above normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "15865721", "title": "Raped by neighbour, girl commits suicide", "text": "JAISALMER: A 16-year-old girl committed suicide by jumping into a well after she was kidnapped and then raped by a youth in Bakhasar town in Barmer district on Sunday evening.Chauhatan deputy superintendent of police Narendra Godara said that the girl had gone to the nearby forests for some work.\"Her neighbour, Mohammad Hussain, followed her and kidnapped her. He took her to an isolated place and raped her. The man fled from the spot leaving the girl there,\" said the officer.The officer said that some villagers had seen the girl jumping into the well on Sunday night and informed the police immediately. \"It seems that the victim felt humiliated after the rape and committed suicide. The family members also rushed to the well. Her body was later fished out,\" said the officer.\"We have registered a case against the accused under Section 376 of IPC. He is on the run. Teams have been rushed to various places in his search,\" said a police officer.The body was handed over to the family members on Monday after post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15869463", "title": "Unmukt has a cooler head than Gambhir: Coach", "text": "NEW DELHI: The accolades are pouring in for India's U-19 World Cup skipper Unmukt Chand and leading the list is Sanjay Bhardwaj, who coached both Unmukt and established India star Gautam Gambhir.Asked him to compare the two, though, and Bhardwaj says without hesitation that Unmukt has the cooler head.\"Unmukt loved to go through challenging drills. Gautam worked hard on his cricket and had to go through to the grind. He knew he had to perfect his technique and that's why he took a little longer to make the grade. Although both play aggressive cricket, Unmukt is more calm and cool and that has helped him jump on to every opportunity he has got,\" Bhardwaj told TOI, adding that Unmukt seemed mature beyond his 19 years.By the time Unmukt went to Bhardwaj to hone his skills in 2005, Gambhir had already played for India. According to Bhardwaj, Unmukt never missed out on a chance to talk to Gambhir.\"Unmukt has good interactive skills and Gautam has always been an introvert. But Unmukt always ensured that he got the things out of Gauti that he wanted to know. He never missed out on an opportunity to learn,\" Bhardwaj recalled.Bhardwaj says he is lucky to have coached such exceptional talents.\"Family plays an important role in the upbringing of any sportsman. It's heartening to see their uncles taking so much interest in their game. Am honoured to be known as their coach.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15865400", "title": "Jaipur suffers Monday morning blues", "text": "JAIPUR: While the city is yet to recover from the jolt of the torrential Tuesday showers, heavy rain lashed parts of Jaipur on Monday morning throwing normal life out of gear and disrupting traffic for hours.Light showers that started around 9.45 am soon turned into heavy rain pounding the city for close to an hour and a half.The 90mm rain led to waterlogging at several places due to overflowing of drains. Office-goers were stuck in traffic jams for hours at MI Road, JLN Marg, Sikar Road, Jhotwara and Ajmer Road among other major routes.Mercury took of dip of nearly four degrees as the city recorded a maximum temperature of 29 degrees Celsius. The minimum temperature stood at 25 degrees.Schools too registered thin attendance as parents feared sending their children after the Met's prediction of heavy rain over the next 2-3 days.\"It was raining heavily in the morning and children were scared too. It is better to keep them at home in this weather,\" said Nitu Sharma, mother of two school-going children.Offices saw few reporting to work with several opting to stay at home than being caught at traffic snarls. \"Labour has been a major issue for us in past few days. Workers are not reporting to work for the past two-three days. I can't deny them leave as it is dangerous to step out during heavy rain,\" said Nilesh Agarwal, soap and detergent manufacturer at Malviya Nagar industrial area.By noon, the dense cloud cover had started waning and gave way to a brief period of sunshine. Water had to flushed out of localities including Madrampura and Aamgarh.\"We have flushed out 40% water. It will take at least three to five days to flush out all the water from the region,\" said an Army personnel, who was part of the team pumping out water from Madrampura locality.In its forecast, the Met office said heavy to very heavy rainfall may hit eastern Rajasthan including Jaipur over the next 36 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "15863550", "title": "Tourists brawl with cab drivers at Calangute", "text": "CALANGUTE: Seven tourists from Jaipur, all students, were injured in a major brawl between tourists and taxi divers at Calangute on Monday morning. Four taxi drivers have been arrested by Calangute police in this connection. More arrests are likely.Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo said the incident occurred around 11.30am when a group of students from Jaipur arrived in a bus at Calangute circle. While most of the students went to the beach, around seven of them stayed back at the parking area. One of them, Subhash Soni, was leaning against a taxi when the driver, Gajanan Sopte, asked him not to do so.Talking to TOI, Sopte said the tourist was sitting on the bumper of the taxi and he asked him to get up. An altercation ensued between the two and Sopte allegedly slapped Soni. In retaliation, Soni's friends, some of whom are weightlifters, confronted Sopte, hit him on the face, knocked him down and then kicked him as he lay on the ground. Sopte then lost consciousness.Taxi drivers in the area immediately rushed to Sopte's aid. Some of them came with iron rods and sticks and allegedly brutally assaulted the tourists, smashed the windows of the bus, and also allegedly attempted to set it on fire. One of the tourists suffered a fracture of his elbow.Some of the tourists, students of Networking Institute in Jaipur, Rajasthan, phoned their friends who were on the beach, asking for help. A witness to the violence called up the police, who reached the spot just as the cab drivers were allegedly about to set the bus on fire. With the arrival of the police, the taxi drivers attempted to escape.Following a formal complaint registered by the tourist group leader Jagdeva Jakhar at Calangute police station, police arrested taxi drivers Vishnu Pednekar from Siolim, Pratap Volvoikar from Sangolda, Ashirwad Narse from Pernem and Sanjay Devoskar from Parra. Police were on the lookout for other drivers till late Monday.The seven injured tourists were admitted to GMC for treatment. Some of the tourists are also likely to be arrested following a complaint of assault lodged by Sopte who was also injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15865246", "title": "Child labourer falls off train, loses legs", "text": "BHOPAL: A child labourer selling water pouches on trains got both his legs severed after he fell off a running train on Sunday evening. The child rights panel has taken cognisance of the incident and has instructed a hospital to bear the cost of his treatment.On Sunday evening, a child labourer, Dharmendra, 14, fell off running Penchvalley Express. Both his legs came under the train and he was conscious the whole time, an eyewitness said.A team from state commission of protection of child rights (SCPCR) visited him on Monday morning at Hamidia hospital where he was admitted.Commission chairperson Usha Chaturvedi said, \"The boy is very brave. His father is a daily wage labourer. He doesn't have a mother. We have instructed the hospital for his treatment as he has lost much blood. Now all the medicines would be available from the hospital. Also, we have sought a report from the SP GRP of the incident. On Tuesday, we would talk to the collector for financial assistance to him.\"The boy has a rare negative blood group, making it all the more difficult for the hospital to procure the blood type. The women and child development officer has also been instructed to provide him with a fresh set of clothes.\"Once he gets better, the handicapped rehabilitation centre would be told to provide artificial limbs.On Monday, besides Chaturvedi, commission members R H Lata and Vibhanshu Joshi were also present during the visit to Hamidia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "carey on", "code": "15881193", "title": "New energy with DJ Eve Carey", "text": "Carey On: As DJ Eve Carey took over the console on Saturday night; 'The Blue Blazer lounge' reverberated with a new energy. Soaked in the fun, the huge crowd didn't want to stop dancing. Dressed brightly, the Brit DJ's presence changed everything. \"It's my first time in Chandigarh, and it is amazing,\" she said. Before she took over the console, Carey indulged in some delectable Indian delicacies. \"Oh, I love Indian food and the superb Punjabi hospitality,\" she beamed. Music, masti and much more: The proud owner Ganeev Bains looked ecstatic. \"I am waiting for Ministry Of Sound's night here on September 15,\" he said while enjoying the do with his buddies. If you think The Blue Blazer created a flutter on this night, wait for what's coming next....!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15864101", "title": "Parents urge zilla parishad education panel to hear their side of story", "text": "NASHIK: Against the backdrop of the three-member inquiry committee set up by the education officer of the zilla parishad at the behest of the state director of education, parents of students at Rasbihari International School (RIS) and volunteers of Forum for Commercialization of Education (FACE) insisted that parents be taken into confidence during the inquiry.The state Director of Education Shridhar Salunke, had directed the deputy director of education, Nashik, T N Supe that an inquiry committee be set up immediately to sort the issues related to RIS.The committee has been set up to enquire into the school's reported 63% fee hike, failing payment of which it denied students' admission. Parents of the students have alleged that RIS did not follow norms of the Parents and Teachers Association (PTA), and had also temporarily stalled the bus facility for students who did not pay the revised fees. The school has also reportedly asked for for permission to be shut down failing the payment of increased fees for the next academic year.Supe had directed the education officer of Zilla Parishad, B K Dahiphale, to inquire into the issue at the earliest. Dahiphale appointed a three-member committee including S J Rathod, S S Kamble and P V Ahire. The parents who had protested against the fee hike and the volunteers of FACE met Dahiphale at 10.30 on Monday to request him that the parents be heard during the inquiry.\"We told the education officer of the zilla parishad that the parents who had complained about the fee hike must be heard by the inquiry committee,\" said Milind Wagh of FACE. He said that the parents and the volunteers focused majorly on two aspects.\"Though the school claims that the fee was approved by the PTA, the parent's signatures are not present on every page of the meeting minutes, and are visible only at the end, which is not according to norms. Also, though the school principal has to be PTA president, PTA meetings have been chaired by the general manager. So the validity of the meetings is questionable,\" Wagh said.The parents said that they will be collecting the applications of all350 parents who opposed the fee hike and will be submitting it to the committee Dahiphale who said that it would be sent to the deputy director of education.They also said that the fee proposal that the school has claimed to have sent to the administrative officer of the NMC's education department is incomplete.Dahiphale asked the inquiry officers who said that when the school was asked to produce a copy of the proposal but the latter could not do so.Dahiphale assured the parents that their proposal would be sent to the deputy director of education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15865500", "title": "Stepwells are danger zones for picnic-goers", "text": "JAIPUR: The water level in the stepwells in Amber and Nahargarh areas, which are frequented by picnic-goers, are inching closer to the danger mark.While youngsters, to get an adrenaline rush, may not think twice before jumping into the water, tragedies can be averted if officials or the police are present in such places to deter them.A 28-year-old youth drowned in a stepwell at Nahargarh on Sunday night. The incident exposed lack of security arrangement at the fort. Several people were rounded up near the stepwells in Amber and Nahargarh in the past three days, after they were found ignoring the signboards.\"We have deployed security personnel at all picnic spots. Sign boards have been put up asking people not to go near the stepwells as they are brimming with water. Those who were found taking bath were rounded up and booked under prohibitory orders,\" said Mahendra Singh, DCP north. The officer, though, was quick to add that people ought to be more cautious.According to locals, Hathiyon ka kund near Nahargarh, Amber kund, Brahmpuri baori, Jal Mahal and Talkatora are not safe for picnic-goers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15865782", "title": "Jwala Devi, AND College announce election schedule", "text": "KANPUR: Jwala Devi Girls PG College and AND College have declared the election schedule. The nomination process at AND College will end on August 30. At Jwala Devi Girls PG College, the nomination process will be held on September 3.The authorities of Jwala Devi Girls PG College stated that the district and the police administration have been informed about the election schedule. Election would be held to elect student union president and general secretary. Nominations will be filed on September 3 from 10 am to 3 pm. Students not willing to contest elections can withdraw their names on September 6. The voting would be held on September 15 from 8 am to 12 pm. The results will be declared same day.The students of AND College will elect a president and general secretary. The college authorities warned that strict action would be taken if the election code of conduct is violated. The voting would take place on September 7 or 8. The results will be declared the same day. Students can file the nominations on August 30. Nominations can withdrawn on August 31. Voting would be held between 8 am and 12 noon. Only students carrying identity cards will be allowed to vote.In both the colleges, the girl candidates held campaigning with their supporters on Monday. The canvassing is expected to continue till nomination are filled. The candidates were witnessed distributing pamphlets.The demand for holding student elections at other degree colleges is also picking up. These are PPN Degree College, DAV, DBS, VSSD and others. The students interested in contesting elections in these colleges have started canvassing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15869575", "title": "Mob lynches extortionist in Ghatshila village", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Villagers in Maoist-hit Ghatshila subdivision lynched a criminal and seriously injured his associate who had come to collect levy in the name of the CPI(Maoist) on Monday.According to information available here, the two extortionists identified as Srimat Mardi (25) and Durga Mardi (32) had come to the Chakdoha village under Ghatshila police station to collect levy from a practicing rural medical practitioner (RMP), Sangram Soren.The duo were confronted by an irate mob when they tried to extort money from the doctor. \"When the two attempted to flee from the scene, they were overpowered and given a thorough beating by the villagers. One of them died on way to hospital while the other has been admitted to the Ghatshila government hospital,\" said a panchayat member of the village. East Singhbhum SSP Akhilesh Jha said the two were part of a gang of extortionistswho had gone to Chakdoha village to collect levy pretending as Maoist rebels when they were caught by the villagers and were thrashed severely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15865558", "title": "Another mine collapses in Makrana", "text": "JAIPUR: A major disaster was averted as yet another mine collapsed at Makrana in Nagaur district on Monday morning. Luckily, no one was present in the mine as the labourers had abstained from work due to bad weather. This is the third incident of its kind in the area in August.According to sources, mine number 148 collapsed suddenly after rain washed away the mud from the area. This mine is also among those that have been ordered to be shut down by the high court. \"Soon after that, the crane and the other equipment fitted in mine number 147 and 146 also began giving way, sparking fears that they too might collapse. But nothing happened,\" said an eyewitness.``Not only did the crane of the collapsed mine fell into mine number 149, just about these mines is a temple, a tea shop, a warehouse and some other commercial establishments. If these mines would have given way, then all these structures would have fallen down too,\" he said.On August 1, six workers were injured during illegal mining at another mine which was purportedly closed six months ago. The incident occurred at mine no. 135 at Gunwati range. Though the mine was closed six months ago, the contractor started working again at the spot as there were still some marbles left.Three of the injured -- Hukma Ram, Dhachi Ram and Sita Ram -- were admitted to Makrana government hospital while three others who sustained serious injuries were shifted to JLN hospital in Ajmer.Some days later on August 15, mine number 18 collapsed in the Borawad Kumari range due to undercutting and four cranes installed in the mine also got damaged.Mining within 45 metres of road and railway tracks is prohibited. But all such rules have been flouted here. It was only in April that the high court had slapped a fine of Rs 50 crore on Sangemarmar Khan Vikas Samiti, the association of marble miners of Makrana for disobeying the rules. In the same order, the high court had once again directed the government to stop all mining activities within 45 metres of any road and railway tracks in the state with immediate effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15880623", "title": "Touchwood for global audience", "text": "'Touchwood' is the latest offering from MoneySpinner following the worldwide success of their album 'Poetry' which was applauded on a global scale. MoneySpinner have built on this strong foundation by teaming up with Master Saleem to showcase their musical repertoire and diversity. 'Touchwood' is, by no means your standard Desi/Bhangra track. The concept has been cleverly devised by MoneySpinner in order to reach a wide audience by using fun loving lyrics whilst incorporating a solid dancefloor feel.Since their last offering of hit album 'Poetry', MoneySpinner have been extremely busy in the studio, recording and producing music that will add a different dimension to their already renowned portfolio. More recent tracks to add to this catalogue also include productions on Banger's launch track 'Soorma' and the powerful Dharmik track 'Sava Lakh'.'Touchwood' is the first of several MoneySpinner releases that are due to follow in quick succession.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15867469", "title": "A Q Khan floats own political party", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Disgraced Pakistani nuclear scientist A Q Khan has floated a political forum 'Tehrik-e-Tahaffuz Pakistan' and said he plans to launch a countrywide youth awakening programme ahead of the general election. Khan, in continous feud with the country's establishment , said he plans to motivate the youth \"regarding who to vote for and who not to vote for\" , The Express Tribune reported.\"I will consistently urge youth to elect honest persons in upcoming elections and stand for survival of the country,\" he said. Khan was put under house arrest in 2004 after he admitted to running a secret proliferation ring that provided knowhow and nuclear components to countries like North Korea and Libya . The current government has eased some of the restrictions on Khan. He claimed traditional political parties had failed to deliver on their promises and said his party's campaign would ask the youth not to vote for traditional parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15863952", "title": "Worst dengue outbreak in Kolkata, 542 infected, 2 kids die", "text": "KOLKATA: The city may be facing its worst dengue outbreak. Two children have died at BC Roy Children's Hospital since Sunday night and many of the 20 kids admitted to the hospital with dengue are in critical condition.As in Salt Lake , there seems to be a deliberate attempt to suppress dengue figures. The health department website pegs the number of dengue affected at 542 in Kolkata, but civic officials admit the real figure is far higher. More than 200 cases have been reported from Kasba, Garfa, Haltu and EM Bypass in the last four days alone, they said. To compare, 300-400 people were infected in the last major dengue outbreak in 2005, of whom 12 died.A KMC borough chairman visited several hospitals and nursing homes in her area on Monday and allegedly asked them not to disclose dengue figures. \"She asked the authorities not to press the panic button or share figures with anybody other than the KMC. Her message was very clear,\" said a civic official.BC Roy authorities say they are yet to confirm dengue in the recent two deaths, but doctors acknowledged there were all the symptoms of 'dengue shock syndrome' that had killed a five-year-old at the hospital on Saturday. BC Roy is the only referral hospital for children in the state but it does not have facilities to test for the dengue virus. Samples have to be sent to NICED and the reports take up to a week to arrive.On Sunday evening, a two-year-old died within half an hour of being brought to the hospital. Doctors said they couldn't confirm dengue for no test had been done. Less than 12 hours later, another child succumbed to high fever on Monday morning.\"We have sent the blood samples to NICED. Till the reports confirm dengue, we can't say that the babies had the disease. But the situation is indeed grim. Every day, scores of children are brought in with high fever and a substantial number have tested positive for dengue,\" said Dilip Pal, medical superintendent of the hospital.On Saturday, five-year-old Rahul Das succumbed to dengue at the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15861019", "title": "This Onam, harvest time for stories too", "text": "KOCHI: The writer's workshop gets busy ahead of every Onam. For, this is a season for stories, the greatest among them being that of a king who returns from exile.An average Malayali reader can get hold of close to 200 short stories during this Onam rush. He shops for flowers, saris and booze but also for a story that will provoke and console him.All leading Kerala publications bring out Onam annuals and the piece de resistance in all of them will be a clutch of short stories by celebrated names in Malayalam literature. It's a market nurtured and nourished by ingrained readers. Marquee writers such as T Padmanabhan, MT, M Mukundan, N S Madhavan may write only a story in a year and that would normally figure in an Onam annual.K C Narayanan, editor-in-charge, Malayala Manorama annual issue, says: \"It's a tradition that the best short stories in Malayalam appear during this period. It's a tough task to get stories from these writers. Some of them write only a story in a year. For the last five years Madhavan has written only a story a year and all of them were published in our Onam annual. This year is no different. Normally, I have to extract a commitment from most of the writers almost six months earlier to ensure that the story lands on my table. The story (Oru Sadachara Katha) that novelist Sara Joseph has written for us was commissioned a year ago.\"This year, Malayala Manorama in its 'annual' has carried 12 short stories and two novels. Some of them, not surprisingly, address the immediate social and political dilemmas of Malayalis. N S Madhavan (Adakka), N Prabhakaran (Marichavante Yathra) and Ashtamurthi (Kochchannante Chayapeedika) discuss the murder of rebel CPM leader T P Chandrasekharan.Mathrubhumi weekly, in an unusual step, has devoted its entire annual issue for short stories. This has been looked upon by many readers as an event in itself. In its Kathayude Katha issue, Mathrubhumi has reprinted 46 stories carried by the weekly over the last 80 years. But there is a difference. Each story comes with a foreword in which the author explains how the story took shape.Kamalram Sajeev, editor-in-charge of the weekly, says:\"During Onam, many run story factories. There is a huge demand for stories from publications during this period and magazines hire writers, provide accommodation and prise out stories from them. Last year, one writer churned out 16 stories for various publications, including little magazines. We have decided not to carry any new stories in our annual issue, since many of them are written under pressure to cater to the Onam market. Mathrubhumi, in any case, strives to carry stories that matter every week.\"Critic M K Harikumar says the demand in Onam market does not result in quality. He says: \"Our writers are not able to interpret the new world. There has been no experiment in form or language in these stories.\"Narayanan points out that there is a huge market for stories in Malayalam. He says:\"These writers are paid a handsome amount. Padmanabhan would be the highest paid short story writer in Malayalam. But money is hardly the motivation for them.\"Sajeev says a celebrated writer would get up to Rs10,000 for a single short story during this rush hour. He, however, adds that mostly these writers remain a shade above the below poverty line.Sadly, some stories always have the same ending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15858998", "title": "Rs 50K relief to kin of four victims", "text": "MYSORE: MCC on Monday announced Rs 50,000 compensation to the relatives of each of those who died in Lansdowne building tragedy last week. The civic body's 150th anniversary celebrations will also be scaled down.The decision to award the compensation was taken at a meeting presided by mayor Rajeshwari Puttaswamy. Former mayors and leaders of parties attended the meeting. MCC commissioner M R Ravi said the compensation will be extended by CM Jagadish Shettar during the 150th anniversary celebrations. Cultural events have been cancelled. However the event, scheduled at 5pm at Kalamandir, is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15869693", "title": "Pleasant weather to last: Met", "text": "LUDHIANA: The weather continues to bring a smile on the faces of city residents. Like the last few days, the next few days too will have the maximum temperature remaining below the normal level.Kulwinder Kaur Gill, assistant agrometeorologist at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU), said, \"The maximum temperature in the last few days has been below the normal level of 33 degree celsius. As the forecast for the next few days suggests cloudy weather and light showers, it hints at the maximum temperature again remaining below the normal level. The minimum temperature, however, continues to remain around the normal level of 26 degree celsius.\" \"The humidity is 86% in morning and 78% in evening. It is higher than the normal level of 80-85% for morning and 70% for evening,\" she added. The rain deficit continued to be more than 60%, as till now 180 mm of rainfall against the normal of 478 mm has been recorded in the city.The residents are making the most of the pleasant conditions. Tapin Malhotra, a businessman of Model Town, said, \"We are enjoying the fine weather. On Monday, I took my family for shopping. In a day or two, we will watch a movie at a mall.\" Karamjeet Singh, a businessman of Civil Lines, said, \"I was planning to go to a hill station, but later I dropped the idea as the weather is quite pleasant in the city too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15855491", "title": "Mumbai sees season\u2019s wettest 24-hour spell", "text": "MUMBAI: The fickleness of the rain gods this monsoon was again on full display as parts of the city experienced the wettest 24-hour period of the season.Between 5.30pm on Sunday and 5.30pm on Monday, Colaba received 93.1mm of rain while Santa Cruz got 64.9mm. The earlier high of the season\u2014of 84mm\u2014was recorded at Santa Cruz on August 19. Giving hope to the parched city, the weather department said the heavy showers are likely to continue over the next two days.If figures from 8.30am to 8.30pm on Monday are considered, Colaba got 67.2mm of rain, Santa Cruz 47.2mm, the island city 60.3mm, the eastern suburbs 61.1mm and the western suburbs 50.4mm.As always, the rains brought along a fair share of problems. About 30 CR services were cancelled while many ran late for most of the day. Cases of water-logging, potholes, tree-falls, wall collapses and traffic snarls were reported. The silver lining was that the catchment areas got substantial rainfall.The department attributed the latest climatic relief to two reasons. \"The offshore trough running from Maharashtra to Kerala coast has become active,\" said V K Rajeev, the director of weather forecast at the IMD, Mumbai. \"Also, the southwesterly winds flowing from the Arabian Sea are quite strong. These factors together have been responsible for widespread rainfall in Konkan and Goa region since Sunday.\"According to the civic body, between 8am and 4pm on Monday, areas like Dadar and Parel received 120mm of rain whereas Sion Koliwada received 110mm. Other neighbourhoods like Wadala, Byculla, Dharavi, Worli and Mankhurd too benefited from strong showers.Monday's reprieve made a small dent on the overall seasonal numbers. Till August 26 this year, Colaba had cumulatively recorded 842mm of rain and Santa Cruz 1,203mm. In contrast, till August 26 last year, Colaba had received 2,168mm (93% of the yearly average rainfall) and Santa Cruz 2,369mm (88% of the annual average).Using the SMS alert system the Met department launched on Monday, it alerted all agencies involved in disaster management of heavy rains over the next two days. \"We have issued a heavy rainfall warning for the next two days as both\u2014the offshore trough and the southwesterly winds\u2014are likely to remain strong. Even after that, we will have to see whether or not such conditions continue,\" said Rajeev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15863399", "title": "2 held for Alvida namaz violence", "text": "LUCKNOW: Exactly 10 days after the vandals struck Lucknow on the day of Alvida namaz, and cops were reduced to mere spectators, Lucknow police on Monday eventually acted on them and was able to arrest two of them after matching them with the video footage. The two were identified as Wakil Ahmed, a resident of Takiya, Hasanganj and Mohd Amir Baksh, a resident of Ramlila Maidan, Madiaon.The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court had taken serious view over the violence that took place after the culmination of Alvida namaz in the city on August 17 and had sought state government's reply as to what actions it has taken for installation of new statues and bringing the culprits to book.To recall, the group, which had initially given the call for demonstration to protest against alleged violence in Assam and Burma had decided not to stage protest after persuasion by the district administration and police officials a day before. The supporters of the group were duly informed, the police had then claimed.This further had made it clear that the culprits were none other than those who wanted to vitiate the atmosphere and infuse communal hatred in a city known for its nawabi culture and communal amity. The culprits had vandalised the idols of Lord Mahavir and Lord Buddha on the day.The hooligans didn't stop here, and even manhandled camerapersons and press photographers who had grabbed their heinous act in their cameras. \"Their bid to target scribes is testimony to the fact that they were not serious about their protest, but only wanted to vitiate the atmosphere,\" DIG (range) Navniet Sekera had told reporters on August 19 and added, hence, they either had covered their faces or wanted camerapersons not to click them indulging in vandalism.Sekera had also said that a few of the hooligans, who were involved in making an attempt to disrupt peace and harmony in the city known for its cultural values, have been identified and said the process to take direct action against them will be expedited immediately after Eid.The action-taking process has been deliberately slowed down in view of the festival to stop trouble makers taking advantage of the festival in disrupting peace of the city, Sekera had told mediapersons.He had also assured of transparent and effective action against all the trouble makers who were involved in August 17 incident in the city.However, both transparent and effective action against all the trouble makers is still awaited. Meanwhile, the high court has posted the matter for next hearing on August 29.On Sunday night, Chowk police had detained about half-a-dozen suspects. After matching them with the video footage, Chowk police arrested two of the culprits.The police said that efforts are being made to arrest others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15865167", "title": "School bus owners body calls off stir", "text": "BHOPAL: The school bus owners have called off their strike scheduled from August 28 after a meeting with the administration at the office of divisional commissioner on Monday.But what was most conspicuous was the absence of principals of prominent private schools of the city including Sagar Public School, Delhi Public School, Sharda Vidya Mandir and All Saints among others to discuss the issue of school buses.On Monday divisional commissioner Praveen Garg had convened a meeting of the school principals and the bus owners at his office. While the bus association members were there in full strength, only about half a dozen school principals were present, with transport in-charges and administrative officers of the rest of the schools representing the principals.Garg took a serious exception to the absence of school principals and directed that they should be present the next time. \"Henceforth, zero tolerance policy would be adopted where school buses are concerned,\" he warned.The principals on the other hand said that they did not receive the information about the meting timely. Following MANIT professor R K Mandloi's presentation on speed governors, the school and college bus owners association members raised objection that only nine certified agencies are there in India who can install proper speed governors and not the local mechanics as is happening presently.Collector Bhopal Nikunj Shrivastava, deputy commissioner Urmila Shukla, ASP traffic Monika Shukla, Regional Transport Officer (RTO) M L Soni and others were present at the meeting.After discussing various issues, the administration and bus owners and principals agreed that the two main bones of contention; the issue of speed governors and double doors in buses would be installed within a month's time. Also the RTO would facilitate a dialogue between the agencies and the bus owners. The RTO has also been instructed by the commissioner to re draft all the points in the guidelines for better clarity specifying all the dimensions of font size, fire extinguishers as mentioned in the presentation by Mandloi. The commissioner also said that if any school is found flouting norms, its affiliation to the respective board would be cancelled.Rajendra Sharma, secretary of the association said after the meeting, \"Since all the points have been discussed and the commissioner has given instructions for clarity of orders to the RTO, there are no more grouses. Hence the strike stands cancelled.\" On June 23, the School and College Bus Owners Association had submitted a memorandum that they would go on an indefinite strike from August 28 in protest against \"discrepancies\" in administration's campaign against school buses to implement the Supreme Court directives.The schools were told to discourage parents from sending their children in school vans as they are highly hazardous. Also, once the school bus drive is over, the school vans would be next in the line of fire. \"Previously we didn't have any set of rules which could be enforced upon the vans but now we have received notification from the centre that they should be treated like school buses only,\" said Urmila Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15850425", "title": "Exodus of northeast Indians: Morphed pictures India's local issue, Pak envoy says", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the government barely producing any evidence to back its claims that morphed images instigating violence against northeasterners originated in the neighbourhood, Pakistan's high commissioner to India, Salman Bashir, on Monday cautioned New Delhi that internationalizing the issue may not be in its interest. In an exclusive interview to TOI, Bashir offered full cooperation from his government on the issue, but added that recrimination in public was not going to help.\"I have three points to make on this issue...personal opinion in some sense and the first is that I don't think that it would be appropriate for any country to internationalize their domestic situation,\" he said. He was responding to a query about the allegations made by the Union home secretary R K Singh on TV last week.\"Secondly, as far as the accusations are concerned, I must say that the interior minister of Pakistan called the Indian home minister and offered to extend full cooperation into what had been attributed to the Indian home secretary. The third point is that it is extremely important that instead of getting into an accusatory mode, the two countries must learn to cooperate because recrimination, especially in public domain, doesn't help anyone,\" he added.Bashir also disclosed that there was no merit in suggestions made by the government that Pakistan had not informed India initially that the judicial commission, which came here earlier this year to record statements in the 26/11 attacks, needed to cross-examine witnesses too. \"We had told them, absolutely. Point-scoring of this nature is not helpful, it is time that sober people of this country took an objective view...I believe it is important for everybody to understand that there are civilized ways to deal with issues,\" he said. The judicial commission's report was rejected by Pakistani courts because it had failed to cross-examine witnesses. Pakistan is awaiting nod from India to send the team again.When asked if there was a deliberate attempt by some in the country to queer the pitch ahead of PM Manmohan Singh's meeting with President Asif Ali Zardari in Tehran and also the foreign ministry-level dialogue in Islamabad next week, Bashir said he was convinced that there was a genuine desire at the leadership level in both the countries \"to move ahead and to keep the atmosphere right and bridge the trust deficit\".\"The conversations which have taken place have been productive even on difficult issues like terrorism. Unfortunately what is happening in public domain or media doesn't reflect the intent and the spirit that is there behind the dialogue process,\" said Bashir, who as former foreign secretary was one of the architects of the Indo-Pak re-engagement process that started in 2010. He was asked about Pakistan's grievance that Indian authorities launch propaganda against it instead of first sharing evidence.Talking about expectations from the upcoming crucial meetings in Tehran and Islamabad, Bashir said that there was no issue in the Indo-Pak bilateral agenda which was not a doable \"provided there was a political will\" and that it was in Pakistan's interest to solve issues like J&K; and Siachen. \"I want to emphatically dismiss this impression that Pakistan is a house divided. There is no civil-military divide. Pakistan's strategic establishment is dictated by its national interest and I want this to be clearly understood by everybody,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15859125", "title": "Amid business gloom, state still shines", "text": "AHMEDABAD: While investments are squeezing and industries are shying away from expansion across the country, Gujarat seems to be driving in a different way. Data shows that the state has attracted maximum number of expansion and investment interest applications this year. In fact, till May this year, proposed investments in Gujarat has crossed Rs 85,000 crore, which is more than half of proposed investments last year.In 2011, Rs 1.42 lakh crore worth of investment was proposed in the state.However, 2012 doesn't seem to be as rosy for other states, which have seen a sharp decline in their investments and number of applications for industrial licenses. States like Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka and West Bengal have seen the maximum decline in proposed investment and applications for fresh industrial licenses.An industry body recently found that of the total 227 PPP projects worth over Rs 68,000 crore under operation in India as of December 2011, Gujarat accounted for about 31 completed PPP projects worth over Rs 24,000 crore. The state has attracted the maximum investments in the power and manufacturing sectors.\"Investments in mining and manufacturing have contracted across the country. However, Gujarat continues to attract investments in these sectors due to easy availability of land and power and professional running of state industry bodies, where political intervention is lesser compared to other states,\" said Sebastian Morris, economics professor at Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad.Morris, however, added that gross capital formation for the country has fallen drastically and one would have to watch closely the materialization of investments in the Gujarat.An Assocham report titled 'Investment &amp; Growth Patterns' said that the project implementation rate in Gujarat was way below the national average and was marginally ahead of Jharkhand. \"Gujarat is lagging behind with 41.9 per cent project implementation rate, much below the national average of 53.9 per cent,\" the report said.Industry experts believe that the difference Gujarat brings on table compared to other states is the pro-active approach. \"The response time for business queries is much lesser in Gujarat. The state has also has been able to modernize its infrastructure with time which makes it a stable place of investments both in manufacturing and services sectors,\" said Chandrajit Banerjee, director general, CII.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15868791", "title": "Tipsy girl brings traffic to a halt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 20-year-old tipsy girl created a ruckus for more than half-an-hour, leading to traffic chaos at the sectors 7 and 8 roundabout on Sunday night. The absence of a woman cop in the PCR vehicle, which arrived on the spot after 12 minutes of the information being passed to the police control room, didn't help matters either and the girl continued with her shenanigans, with some of the passerby saying that the presence of a woman cop was necessary in handling the girl.The PCR gypsy that arrived stood on the spot for the next 10 minutes waiting for a woman cop but when no female cop arrived, the girl was taken to Government Multi-specialty Hospital (GMH), Sector 16 in the PCR vehicle, with some passersby insisting that they take her there. The tipsy girl wearing a black shirt and jeans came to the main road and started shouting at commuters, who stopped their vehicles assuming the girl had been hit by a vehicle. Two traffic police constables present on the spot too hesitated to restrain the girl.The drama started around 8.25pm and it continued till 9.5pm when a PCR vehicle took her for medical examination and medication at GMH, Sector 16.A traffic head constable, who was at the roundabout said, \"The girl suddenly appeared on the main road from Sector 8 side and started shouting at commuters. When I tried to control her, she told me that I dare not touch her but then fell to the ground.\" Earlier, with the help of some passersby, the girl was taken to one side of the road. She then started pleading with them to drop her to her house without giving her address. The girl is admitted to GMH-16 and her medical examination confirmed the presence of alcohol in her blood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15853728", "title": "900 colonies to be regularized", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Monday gave a green signal to regularize around 900 unauthorized colonies in Delhi, giving a push to chief minister Sheila Dikshit's much promised plan. The Delhi government is likely to issue a notification on Tuesday.On Monday, Dikshit met Union urban development minister Kamal Nath along with her outgoing urban development minister A K Walia, and Arvinder Singh Lovely, who will now handle the portfolio. The Centre's approval followed Dikshit's clarifications on various issues that were blocking the decision.Dikshit's parliamentary secretary Mukesh Sharma, who was present during the meeting, said Delhi government would issue a notification on Tuesday to regularize 917 colonies. A K Walia said decks have been cleared for issuance of the notification to regularize the colonies, considered traditional votebank of the Congress in the city of 1.67 crore.The Delhi BJP has, however, sought to know how this announcement will give the 40 lakh people residing in these colonies rights to register their properties and execute legal deeds, and get civic amenities in the absence of necessary formalities to be completed by the civic agencies.The Delhi government had completed all the ground work for regularization of the colonies, a key poll promise of the Congress government which is due to face elections in 15 months.Earlier, Union urban development ministry had sought certain clarifications from the Delhi government on regularization of the colonies which were cleared for the process by all the concerned departments. Delhi government had sought opinion from Union urban development ministry whether the Delhi high court should be informed about the regularization process as in an order in 1993, it had asked the city authorities to do so.Sharma said government would inform the court about the regularization process when information is sought.Delhi government had issued provisional regularization certificates to over 1,639 unauthorized colonies ahead of assembly polls in 2008. The Dikshit government, while distributing the certificates, had promised to regularize the colonies if Congress came to power for the third term.Meanwhile, the Delhi BJP hit back at the Congress for its \"hasty and unplanned decision\" and misleading the people of Delhi with promise of a \"bogus certification\".The BJP cited the pre-2008 assembly election declaration of provisional regularization and issuance of provisional regularization certificates.\"Till date not even a single colony has been regularized. Between 2008 March when the first set of guidelines for regularisation were issued by the union ministry of urban development the guidelines itself have been undermined by interpretations that suit the government,\" BJP state President Vijender Gupta had said at a press meet on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15860467", "title": "New boat service launched", "text": "KOCHI: With the launch of the new boat service 'Priyadarshini' between Nettoor and Thevara Ferry, a new link between the city suburb and nearby islands has been opened. On Monday, ports minister K Babu inaugurated the ferry service, which also connects Ambalakadavu.T K Devarajan, chairman, Maradu municipality, said the boat was specially designed taking into account the needs of local people.The boat, which can carry 16 passengers and three two-wheelers, will operate 64 trips per day.\"The boat costs about Rs 10 lakh and it has been included in the projects announced for the current fiscal. The municipality was able to launch the service within eight months after inviting tenders,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15851969", "title": "Won't contest 2014 poll if UPA proves 'zero loss' claim: Ahir", "text": "YAVATMAL: MP from Chandrapur-Yavatmal Constituency, Hansraj Ahir from BJP, declared not to contest the 2014 Lok Sabha elections if union ministers P Chidambaram , Salman Khurshid and Sriprakash Jaiswal prove the 'zero loss' claim in the coal block allocation by the UPA Government.Ahir, while addressing a press conference at the government guesthouse on Sunday evening, also said the actual loss is pegged at Rs50 lakh crore despite CAG's disclosure of Rs1.86 lakh crore loss. \"Till 1972, coal mines in India were under the control of private companies before the then PM Indira Gandhi nationalized them,\" Ahir said, adding that the Kolkata based Coal India Limited (CIL) was set up in 1975 to boost up the then coal production of 70 million metric tonnes.\"In 2012, the production increased to 404 million metric tones. Besides earning profits, the CIL is also ensuring employment to over eight lakh workers. CIL has been demanding 138 coal blocks since the last five years, still the UPA government went ahead with allotting coal blocks to 193 private companies. Some of these companies do not have related business like power, cement and steel,\" alleged Ahir.Ahir said his party will stall Parliament proceedings till Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh resigns from the post. \"The UPA Govt is the Govt of corruption and the ruling party leaders have either promoted corruption or willfully committed it,\" he alleged. and added that there are corruption in coal block allocation, Energy, Aviation, 2 G spectrum allotment, Common Wealth Games which runs in to lakhs of crores.When his attention was drawn to the allotment of coal mines in Bhadravati of Chandrapur to ISPAT company during the 13-day NDA regime under AB Vajpayee, Ahir said it was later cancelled after High Court intervention.The then coal minister late Pramod Mahajan also the fund raiser of the BJP, had signed the MoU before the NDA government lost the vote of confidence in the Parliament. at the last moment before Vajpayee tendered his resignation to avert the impending defeat on the floor of the House during the vote of confidence.Though the NDA was voted to power again, it was forced to roll back its own decision to lease out the Bhadravati coal block after a High Court verdict. as the Ex MP Banwarilal Purohit challenged the MoU before the Nagpur Bench of Mumbai High Court by citing the Govt norms not to do any mining in the vicinity of the defense establishments. The coal block was in the restricted areas of the Bhadravati Ordinance Factory. The High Court ordered for the cancellation of the MoU simultaneously.Ahir further alleged that the Central government has given green signal for 14 textile parks in Maharashtra but Vidarbha region has got only one. \"Yavatmal was earlier granted a textile park but it was later cancelled at the behest of the Congress minister Narayan Rane ,\" said Ahir.Ahir also announced that his party would launch a Taluka level agitation on September 3 against bogus billing and exorbitant energy rates charged by MSEDCL. \"On September 11, a public rally of the flood hit people will be taken to the collectorate,\" he added.BJP district unit president, Vijay Kotecha, general secretary Rajendra Dange, MC chief Yogesh Gadhiya, councillor Manoj Ingole, Ajay Bihade, Nitin Giri, Raju Padgilwar and others attended the press conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15860654", "title": "Showers dampen spirit of festival shopping", "text": "KOCHI: The skies seems to have opened up at the most inopportune time for traders in the city.Festival shopping spree witnessed a dip in the last few days as most city folks preferred to stay indoor. Though there was a 20% increase in sales in the wholesale market, the business in retail markets, when compared to previous years, has go down by 30%.According to P A Muhammed Ibrahim, district president, Kerala Vyapari Vyavasayi Ekopana Samithi (KVVES) apart from rain, the delay in distributing bonus and festival allowance to employees has affected their business.\"The sudden change in weather has kept most customers at home. Compared to previous Onam, the number of people coming to city for shopping has declined,\" he said.Meanwhile, traders too are reluctant to take initiative and procure more for Onam sales.\"In the last few years, people have been unwilling to go out and shop. Last year, more than 10 tonnes of vegetables were wasted in the market as there were no takers,\" said K G Antony, who runs a stall in Maradu market.Merchants in Ernakulam market said they expect an increase in sales on Tuesday. \"We hope people will come for buying vegetables and other provisions on Uthradom morning,\" said Fasal Rahman, a vegetable merchant.Despite rain, the flower merchants say they have witnessed a spike in their sales. \"Most of the people buying flowers are those participating in 'pookkalam' competitions. This season we have been selling an average of 30kg of flowers a day compared to 20kg last year,\" said A M Sasi, a flower merchant in Pookkarmukku.The Onam trade fairs of IRDP and vegetable stalls of Horticorp and Vegetable and Fruit Promotion Council Keralam (VFPCK) witnessed heavy rush despite rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15865277", "title": "Woman danced nude to hubby's tune for 11 yrs!", "text": "BHOPAL: \"My husband strips me naked every night and compels me to dance nude, sometimes in front of my children. He urinates on my food and forces me to consume the same,\" a 30-year-old woman narrated a harrowing tale of torture, she is suffering in 12 years of her marriage, to members of a family counselling centre in Betul district on Sunday. \"Please help me separate from him. Send me back to my mother's house so I don't have to undergo this mental and physical harassment anymore,'' she said weeping uncontrollably even as six members at the counseling centre listened to her in shock.Even more disturbing was the husband's behaviour. He is a farmer, identified as Suresh Mahar from village Kondhar, 30 km from Multai town. When summoned, the man came to the counselling centre and to confessed to doing exactly in the past 11 years what his wife claimed. \"I looked after her well for one year after the marriage,'' he said. \"Then it all went wrong.\" He agreed to being a habitual alcoholic and that he made his wife to dance naked before him under the influence of liquor. He also accepted that he made her consume his urine.On March 13, the woman registered her first complaint against her husband in the local police station. On July 20, he went back to the police and registered yet another complaint. But instead of arresting the husband, the police sent her to the family counselling centre on Sunday.The counselling centre is on the same the premises as the Kotwali police station in Multai town. But even as the woman recounted her husband's savagery, the husband showed no signs of remorse. He apologised to her in front of the police and family counselling members and coaxed her to go back home with him. He held his ears and publicly did some sitting and standing squats arguing he was sorry for his past deeds and would never repeat the same in future.But his wife has had enough. She refused to go back to her husband and wanted custody of her two children instead. Cops at the Multai police station said the woman took her sons and shifted to her mother's house in Chichkheda village, 32 km from the town.Asked why there was no action and a criminal case against the husband, police inspector in-charge of Multai M M Choudhary said: \"Family counselling centres have been set up to deal with domestic harassment cases and husband-wife issues like this one. If the family counselling centre sends us a recommendation for the police action, then we immediately start our investigations. But till now, the family counselling centre has sent us nothing regarding this case.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15868093", "title": "Scrapping of market site may rock MC meet", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The crucial issue of cancellation of site for 136 day-market shops in Mauli Jagran will be among the agenda of the monthly house meeting to be held on Wednesday. The market was approved by the last term general house of the MC and the site and other drawings were later approved by UT's architect wing, but the ruling Congress has now come up with the issue that site of market is not suitable as there's a kerosene oil pump adjoining the site and parking lot is congested.According to sources in Congress, strict directions for cancellation were issued by Madhu Bansal, wife of Congress MP Pawan Kumar Bansal. But, BJP is in the mood to disturb the monthly house meeting by raising the point that when everything has been approved by both MC and UT then why market is being cancelled now after the approval of over one year.Significantly, the point was prominently mentioned in the Independence Day speech of city mayor in the developmental plan of the civic body and now it's headed for cancellation.\"The former BJP councillor wants to give maximum booths to his supporters. While there are just 138 booths, over 500 people are eligible for it as they have been sitting there on temporary basis. Secondly, MC it's not the MC's job to allot booths. Mauli Jagran has around 35,000 votes that play crucial role during parliamentary polls, scheduled to be held in 2014,\" said a senior Congress leader. BJP councillor Arun Sood said, \"We will oppose the cancellation. We have also requested to nominated councillor and BSP to not support Congress on this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15858567", "title": "Mangalore City Corporation council gives nod for 24x7 water supply scheme", "text": "MANGALORE: The Mangalore City Corporation warmed up to the idea of implementing 24x7 water supply scheme on its own with maintenance rights vested in private players at the monthly meeting of its council on Monday. The civic body will retain sole rights over water tariff fixation on lines with similar successful initiative taken in Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation where the project was rolled out on a pilot basis with World Bank assistance.This issue has been hanging fire for nearly two years over fears that inviting private players to implement the scheme would bring about an inevitable hike in water tariffs, which would be a politically unpopular move with elections to civic body round the corner.While the ruling BJP and main opposition Congress were for the scheme, independent corporator Mariamma Thomas wanted greater clarity on how the scheme would be implemented.It was an initiative by commissioner K Harish Kumar to convince the corporators that the state government is keen to see the scheme announced in this year's state budget get off the ground with due approval from the council that brought the corporators on board, albeit with sense of reservation. Mariamma Thomas was blunt in saying that a similar enthusiasm to implement KUDCEM project with ADB assistance had brought nothing but grief to the city.It was wording of the agenda on the issue which irked members most for it created more confusion about the scheme rather than clarify it. Harish Kumar while agreeing to this lapse informed members that the old modalities that was in vogue and which had erroneously crept into the day's meeting agenda no longer holds good and the city corporation will invest in the scheme with its internal resources and also obtain financial assistance from banks.Premanand Shetty, chief whip who presented the agenda too echoed this view. The bottom line of the arrangement will be the fact that the civic body would determine the water tariff and private players would only focus on the maintenance, he said. Incidentally, minister for urban development S Suresh Kumar had reiterated this very fact of civic bodies determining tariffs when he held an interaction meeting with the corporators on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15877464", "title": "Desi Boyz makers face trouble over copyright", "text": "Andheri Magistrate Court issues summons against Rohit Dhawan and an arrest warrant against producer Krishika Lulla after writer Shyam Devkatte scales up his copyright battleDrawing 'inspiration' from stories, popular music tracks - Indian and International- or lyrics has been an accepted by most as a part and parcel of filmmaking. But of late, the new copyright infringement act has lent a voice to lesser known artistes who have been a victim of the prevalent practice.For instance, Euphoria's front man Palash Sen sparked off a controversy recently by claiming that the words in the title track of Aamir Khan's television show were lifted from his song, Satyameva Jayate. And Sen was not the first. Writer Muazzam Beg accused Imtiaz Ali of 'stealing' his story for the popular 2011 film Rockstar.And now TOI has learnt that scriptwriter-cum-director Shyam V Devkatte, who has been fighting the makers of Desi Boyz over copyright infringement since 2011, has taken the battle a notch higher.A bailable warrant (of which we have a copy) was issued against producer Eros International's Krishika Lulla and a summon sent to director Rohit Dhawan yesterday. When contacted, the complainant Shyam added, \"The other co-producers Jyoti Deshpande and Vijay Ahuja will go through police enquiry. Their earlier plea at the High Court was dismissed. For the last two hearings held at the magistrate court, none of them were present. In fact, a summon and also a pasting summon were issued to Eros but to no avail. Hence an arrest warrant was issued by the Amboli Police Station on Monday evening.\"Eros International's head honcho Sunil Lulla's wife Krishika against whom the warrant has been issued said, \"I am travelling. I will sort out the matter when I'm back.\"What happened earlier... Shyam had registered his story with the Writers' Association in 2008. After several meetings with various filmmakers, he e-mailed a copy of his story to Eros International. The story was allegedly used for Desi Boyz without his knowledge. Shyam filed a complaint at the Amboli Police Station on October 14, 2011 under Sections 63 (infringement) and 64 (seizure of infringing copies) of the Copyright Act. He also filed a private complaint with the Andheri Metropolitan Magistrate Court and forwarded the same to the zonal deputy commissioner of police. Eros managed to get a stay order on it.Films that faced similar allegation: Om Shanti Om (2007) Writer: Ajay Monga What happened then: Monga moved the Bombay HC against SRK, director Farah Khan and others, alleging that OSO is a copy of a script he wrote.Fashion (2008) Writer: Seema Seth What happened then: Seth accused Madhur Bhandarkar of 'stealing' the film's idea and plot from her novel. Her plea was later dismissed by the Delhi High Court.Ra.One (2011) Writer: Yash Patnaik What happened then: Days before the release, the HC pulled up SRK for using TV writer Patnaik's script for his film. He and his company eventually agreed to deposit a sum of Rs 1 crore to ensure the film's release.Jannat 2 (2012) Writer: Kapil Chopra What happened then: HC granted an ad-interim injunction against the satellite release of the film. Bhatts had to deposit Rs 10 lakh in Court for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15857327", "title": "Total ban on child employment on cards", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet on Tuesday is expected to clear the proposal to amend the anti-child labour law which proposes a complete ban on employment of children up to the age of 14 in any industry \u2014 hazardous or non-hazardous.According to the proposal, children between 14 and 18 years can be employed, but only in non-hazardous industries with property safety mechanism.As of now, the Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act, 1986, permits employment of children of up to 14 years of age in industries not considered to be hazardous.As per the existing law, hazardous industries include tobacco, stone crushing, catering, mining, cement and crackers among others.The proposal is in line with International Labour Organization (ILO)'s convention on child labour that seeks to provide minimum age of employment and says that no children below the age of 14 should be employed.The existing anti-child labour law was in also contravention of the Right to Education Act that guarantees free and compulsory education to all children in the age group of 6-14 years.The changes in the law will make employing children below the age of 14 a criminal offence. Employing a child can result in jail term of three months and a fine of up to Rs 20,000 or both.The Cabinet may also discuss the demand of National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) that wants the amendment to include adolescent labourers under the purview of the anti-child labour law.The child rights body had advocated the need to redefine the word 'child' and 'child labourer' under the Act.Though the definition of a 'child' under the Juvenile Justice Act is 18 years, adolescents have been left out of the law relating to child labour and are governed by regulations under by the Minimum Wages Act, it argued.The child rights body is of the view that the anti-child labour law should be amended in such a way that all forms of child labour stand abolished without drawing distinction between hazardous and non-hazardous child labour.Planning Commission's working group for social inclusion of vulnerable groups like child labour and bonded and migrant labour for the 12th five-year plan (2012-17) also argued that the existing legislation should be amended to include child labour in informal and unorganized sectors and also in the light of RTE Act.The group said the areas that needed to be revisited were minimum age for prohibition of employment of children, imposition of stiffer penalty for violation of the Act, framing rules for the health and safety of children employed or permitted to work in any establishment or class of establishments.\"It is important to protect children from exploitation, unregulated working hours and hazardous conditions of work,\" it said.According to National Sample Survey data, the child workforce during 2004-05 was estimated at 9.07 million against 21.55 million in 1983, the working group noted.As per the Census 2001, there were 12.6 million economically active children in the age-group of 5-14 years. It was 11.3 million in the 1991 Census.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15849830", "title": "Saina Nehwal welcomes awards and jobs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Haryana government's initiative to give cash awards and government jobs to international medal winners has been welcomed by the Olympic medallists.Badminton player Saina Nehwal, who was felicitated by chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Sunday, said: \"If other governments could follow Haryana, the country could win 25 to 30 medals in the next Olympics.\"The Haryana government on Sunday announced that it will double the cash prize for its athletes who will win medals in the next Olympics at the Rio Games.Hooda said gold medallists would get Rs 5 crore while Rs 3 crore will go to silver medallists and bronze medal winners would get Rs 2 crore.Hooda made these announcements at a function to honour the London Olympics medal winners, participants and their coaches from the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15869175", "title": "Mom jumps into well with three children", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A woman jumped into a well along with three of her children following a feud with her in-laws on Sunday.Police said here on Monday that locals searched for Saraswati Devi, the wife of Manoj Mandal of Khera village in Barkatha, and her three children on getting the news but could not locate them. However, some of the villagers told police that they had seen the woman moving near the well.On the basis of the information, police conducted a search operation and took out all four bodies from the well and sent them to local block hospital where the doctors declared them brought dead.The villagers informed police that the woman, who was staying with her husband and in-laws, was having some differences with them for the past two days. This led the woman to take the extreme step. Mandal who was works at Pune was away from the village when the incident happened.Inspector Barhi Alok Kumar said police were investigating the matter to know the reason behind the woman takingsuch an extreme step. Both the mother-in-law and the brother-in-law of the woman are absconding. Police have registered a case in the Barkatha police station and sent the bodies to Hazaribag Sadar hospital for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15859416", "title": "Satellite store supervisor charged with molestation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 33-year-old woman has filed a complaint for molestation with Satellite police against her supervisor. According to investigators, Shivani (name changed), a resident of Naranpura, works as a store manager with a designer boutique at a mall in Satellite. She was on duty on August 19 and at 12 noon, a customer came and asked for a belt of specific design. After reviewing the goods on the display, she liked a design and asked for the correct size. Shivani said that they would have to order for it and it was not available at that moment.\"Mehul Soni, her supervisor, asked her to check the warehouse where the stocks were kept. According to Shivani, at that time Soni came from behind and tried to molest her and kiss her. She fled from the spot and later left the store. She gave an application of complaint with her husband that was later converted into FIR,\" said a Satellite police official.Officials, however, are probing other side of the case. Investigators said that Shivani was asked to leave the organization recently. \"We have recorded Soni's statement. We will also question other staff members to know the reality,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15864055", "title": "RBI dy guv\u2019s remarks on SBI chairman are in bad taste", "text": "The RBI deputy governor's reported remarks on the SBI chairman are in bad taste. The issue here is not whether the SBI chief has a point when he says that cash-reserve requirements on banks are an unfair imposition considering there is no such demand from insurance firms, non-banking financial companies and mutual funds. The RBI deputy governor would have been well within his rights in disagreeing. Where he has gone overboard is in suggesting that the SBI chairman can work somewhere else if he does not like the RBI's regulatory framework. A regulator, especially one like the RBI that prides itself on its independence, should have the tolerance to hear its decisions being questioned by stakeholders. Flying off the handle at any dissent is unwarranted.Related story: RBI deputy governor snubs SBI chief on cash reserve ratio", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15858829", "title": "Row over Vinayaka idol immersion procession", "text": "TRICHY: A few Hindu religious outfits in Trichy are locking horns over taking out the third day procession on a Friday, during three-day Vinayaka Chathurthi festival that commences from September 19.As many as seven members from the federation of Vinayaka Chathurthi festival from Trichy on Monday submitted a petition to the district collector during the grievance redressal day meeting to permit them to carry out the procession on Saturday, as it is inauspicious to conduct the procession on Friday. However, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) opposed their demand.In Trichy, there are various groups celebrating the festival every year. Last year, about 150 idols were taken out in a procession for immersion in the in Cauvery river.A S Kannan, organiser of the federation told TOI, \"The procession of the Vinayaka idols is usually conducted on the third or fifth day after the festival. But here, we have been conducting it on the third day after the festival for a long time. This year, the third day falls on a Friday (September 21). We believe it is inauspicious to immerse the idols on Fridays or on Tuesdays. So, we put forth a demand to the collector to allow all of us to carry out the procession on Saturday (September 22).\" Kannan further said, \"We do not want to breach the religious custom that the procession should be taken out on third or fifth day of the festival. So, we decided to commence the festival on the evening of September 18 evening (Tuesday) by ceremonious installation of the idols. So, the fifth day of the festival will technically be September 22.\"However, P Parthiban, Trichy district secretary of the BJP told TOI, \"All days are auspicious for us. So, the day does not matter. They unnecessarily create issues. If the fifth day falls on a Friday, what would be their option?\"Swamy Ramananda, secretary of All India Sanyasi Sangh who also submitted a petition to the collector in this regard said, \"Everyone should respect the religious sentiments. It is inauspicious to take out the procession on Tuesdays and Fridays. But some groups change the custom for their own whims and fancies.\"A senior police officer said that they also received a petition in this regard. The matter would be discussed in a meeting with all the festival committees after the visit of the chief minister J Jayalalithaa to Trichy on September 3. Likewise, the district collector also assured to discuss the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15852748", "title": "\u2018India Gate curbs will hit nightlife\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: From candlelight vigils to a late night ice cream, there is something for everyone at India Gate. Age, class and time no bar - you can walk in any time of the day or late at night, and find the place abuzz with people from all walks of life. Early mornings have health conscious walkers and joggers pacing up and down Rajpath. Lunchtime is for sarkari babus to lounge around on the soft grass, playing cards under the cool shade of trees in the lawns around the monument. And by evening, the place is dotted with picknicking families.But with Delhi Police reportedly proposing to restrict entry to the grounds with barriers in the wake of recent anti-corruption protests at the site, and seeking to impose visiting hours citing security reasons, this way of life seems threatened. Mind you, this is not the first time that such a proposal has been put forward by the police, and couples who love to go boating on the lawns need not lose heart just yet. Nor should cricket lovers fret about their celebrations after the next big win. Nonetheless, the news has already dampened the mood.East-Delhi based entrepreneur Tarun Mehrotra was at a loss when asked about alternative places to visit if entry to India Gate is restricted. The Mehrotras, like many other families in the capital, have a ritual. Once in nearly every two weeks, the whole family, from grandparents to toddlers, troops along for a post-dinner outing and ice cream. \"Even at night, close to midnight, it is one of the safest places in Delhi. You can take your children there and not be worried. We can go there whenever we feel like, or whenever we have the time. If they restrict entry to the place, we will have to plan our days around it,\" says Mehrotra, father of two.For those not keen on strobe lights and loud music, the place offers a different kind of nightlife. There is hardly any other place in the city where you will find everything from palmists to balloon sellers enthusiastically seeking you even at midnight. \"Even Kamla Nagar, that is right next to the university, is totally dead after 9pm. We can only go to India Gate if we want to hang out beyond a certain hour. It's such a lively place. We often go and play throw-ball and frisbee there. If this proposal is passed, the only place to go to at night would be the airport,\" says Preethi Puram, a Delhi University student.Schoolteacher Poonam Sharma feels the proposal is ridiculous and is concerned about how it will reduce the choice of places to go out to. \"There are hardly any such open spaces left in the city for family outings. Otherwise all we have are malls and multiplexes. Why are people being pushed back into their homes? Setting up barricades will not make it any safer,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15859652", "title": "Leopard stuck on iron rod rescued", "text": "MYSORE: A leopard impaled on an iron rod of the railings of the BEML factory compound for nearly three hours was rescued on Monday. Its condition is stable despite a deep thigh injury.The female cat, aged about 4 years, got stuck while jumping over the seven-foot-high compound of the factory, some 12km from Mysore city, in the early hours of Monday. BEML security personnel alerted forest officials around 7.30am.Assistant conservator of forest Durgegowda told TOI their team rescued the animal after an hour. The injured animal was treated at the government veterinary hospital on Dhavanthri Road and shifted to Bannerghatta Biological Park in Bangalore. He suspected the leopard to have got stuck before daybreak.Animal husbandry and veterinary service assistant director Dr S C Suresh said the leopard sustained injuries in the thigh and abdomen region. There was a wound in its right thigh, but luckily there was no serious internal injury or blood loss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15849925", "title": "Plea to make Sancheti firm accused in case", "text": "MUMBAI: An application has been filed in the Bombay HC seeking that San Finance Corporation, whose partners include BJP MP Ajay Sancheti, be made as an accused in the Adarsh case. The plea has been filed by Praveen Wategaonkar.The SFC, which has Ajay and brothers Abhay and Anand Sancheti as partners, had given unsecured loans to 10 persons to buy flats in Adarsh. \"In all except one, flats financed by SFC appear to be adjacent flats. The allotment of apparently adjacent flats to nine individuals funded by San Finance, none of who has repaid the loans, shows that the firm has actively conspired with Adarsh society to secure these flats. This needs to be investigated and SFC should be made accused in the case,\" the application said.Wategaonkar pointed to documents submitted before the judicial commission, including SFC's letters to the society which said that the flats would be transferred to the company if the loans were not repaid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15855755", "title": "Delhi prepares for yummy Onam delight", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's a delight just to see red-boiled rice topped with tangy vegetarian gravy. The flavour is so strong that it instantly brings images of coastal Kerala to the mind. Even though the sea and sand are missing in Delhi, the Malayali community is not complaining. It's Onam this week and many city restaurants are trying to give the people more than a chance to celebrate.On Tuesday and Wednesday, many restaurants will spread out the most exquisite vegetarian fare and scrumptious payasams on banana leaves as part of the sadhya (feast). \"We will have 23 different kind of foods, such as boiled rice served with kootan, sambar, rasam, avial, thoran and others. We will serve papadam with butter milk, and for dessert, there will be three kinds of payasam,\" says Honey Chacko who started 'Annas', a Malayali restaurant at INA Market two years ago. Last year he had 200 orders for Onam sadhya. He charges about Rs 200 per meal and Rs 30 extra per plate for parcel.Mathew Paul, owner of Maria Restaurant at GD Colony in Mayur Vihar is excited about the preparations. \"We will offer 18 vegetable curries (kootan) along with boiled rice. The payasam is special. We will make two varieties, probably one with semiya and other with parippu or green gram dal,\" he says.Kerala House staff canteen will also serve sadhya on Tuesday and Wednesday for Rs 130 per plate. \"Outsiders are also welcome. The sadhya is always elaborate,\" says the manager.College student Sheelu Jacob longs to see her village greens and taste food cooked by her grandmother. \"Have you ever tasted the payasam? It's heavenly. I think we will go to one of the Malayali restaurants in the city to eat the sadhya. But definitely, it's not going to be as good as what we eat at home. Onam is a lot about bonding too,\" she says.Sheelu and her other Malayali friends are also very excited about wearing the traditional white sari with gold work on it, the gajra and kumkum on Wednesday\u2014the main day of the festival. Men will wear traditional white dhotis.C Vijayalakshmi is a Kerala government official based in the capital. This week has been busy for her due to all the shopping for Onam. \"I will be preparing 22 dishes at home. It's quite a task,\" she says.Onam has been traditionally associated with Hindu mythology. It's said that the subjects of King Mahabali first observed it to celebrate their king's return from the subterranean world. Ever since then, the Malayali community has been celebrating it on the 10th day of Chingam, the first month in the Malayali calendar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15869838", "title": "Alcoholic liver disease: City on a disturbing 'high'", "text": "LUDHIANA: Alcohol has wrecked countless lives. And the story of 32-year-old businessman of Model Town, Gaurav Gupta is no different. He used to drink heavily, but once when had jaundice and vomiting of blood, the doctor confirmed that he was suffering from end stage of alcoholic liver disease. Now, he is battling for life.Serving alcohol has been an important part of many social occasions and rituals in our society now. In fact alcohol consumption has become a social norm. Gastroenterologists at city hospitals conclude that alcoholic liver disease is showing an uptrend in Ludhiana.Dr Anish Chopra, assistant professor in gastroenterology at CMCH, said, \"Alcohol addiction is distinctively linked to alcoholic liver disease, a condition in which the liver is permanently damaged due to excessive drinking. Of about 40 liver patients we receive on daily basis, about 60% suffer from the disease. The disease is mostly seen in the patients between 30 to 50 years of age.\"\"Consumption of 60 to 80g per day (about 75 to 100 ml/day) for 20 years or more in men, or 20g/day (about 25 ml/day) for women significantly increases the risk of the disease. However, various treatments are available for the early stages of the disease, for the end stage the only solution is transplant, a facility which is not available in Punjab. It is also very hard to get a donor as the family members are not mostly prepared for the same. The cost too is very high (ranges between 20 lakh to 25 lakh).\" Dwelling on the symptoms, Dr Harmeet Singh Saluja of SPS Apollo Hospital says, \"The early symptoms include loss of appetite, insomnia , overall fatigue and weakness. The symptoms of end stage include jaundice, altered consciousness, internal bleeding and vomiting of blood.\"About treatment, Dr Rajoo Singh Chhina, a professor at DMCH, says, \"The treatment of the early stage alcoholic liver disease includes abstinence from alcohol, proper investigation and followup, psychiatric counselling and medication. In case of end stage, liver transplant is the only solution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15871219", "title": "38-yr-old man dies of swine flu in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Sandip Parshuram Jadhav (38), a resident of Bhosari, died of swine flu-related complications in Chinchwad at a private hospital on Monday. Jadhav was diagnosed with H1N1 on August 22. He was diabetic.Municipal health officer Dr Anand Jagdale said the swab report of Sandip Jadhav received from the National Institute of Virology confirmed Jadhav's condition. The PCMC health department had sent a team to his house to check if others in his family were also suffering from H1N1.Around 150 to 200 patients in have been administered tamiflu since July. Two persons suspected to be suffering from H1N1 were admitted to the municipal hospital on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15866635", "title": "Sebi\u2019s investor edu plan picks up pace", "text": "MUMBAI: In the financial market , it's a proven fact that informed and educated investors bring down the cost of regulation . This mainly stems from the fact that well-informed investors can quickly distinguish the good and legal ways of investing and making money from the ones which may lead to financial misery. In turn, at least to some extent, this prevents unscrupulous people from tapping gullible investors with make-rich schemes, which could eventually bring despair for the investors.Informed investors thus help reduce the quantum of work for the regulator and also the costs of regulation.Globally, mainly because of these benefits, regulators are increasingly paying more attention to investor education. The other objective for this, mainly in the emerging markets , is financial inclusion. It is seen that educated investors are more likely to participate in financial inclusion projects, and are also more at ease in investing in financial assets for meeting their future financial goals than physical assets.These twin objectives - investor education leading to a better regulated market place and financial inclusion for the better good of the economy - has made Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), the country's market regulator , assign greater importance to keeping investors informed.Sebi has adopted a multipronged approach for. It has launched a website that caters not only to various needs of investors but also educates them about various aspects of the financial market. It has also taken up various other on-the-ground initiatives to educate people about the financial market.At the basic level, Sebi, in collaboration with National Institute of Securities Market (NISM), has launched a programme for school children, called 'Pocket Money' . Other than for students, it also has learning modules for basic financial education for different investor categories like college students and young investors , home makers, executives , retired people and others . All these are available in at least seven languages.Sebi also helps various investor associations to reach out to people in towns and cities. Sebi, either directly or through its network of qualified agents, conducts workshops and seminars on investor education and financial literacy. These seminars and workshops are mostly conducted in regional languages. The regulator also has started two dedicated toll-free investor helplines for complaints and grievances redressal, disseminating information about the financial markets and products , assistance about market procedures. However, as a regulator it does not give any investment advice.Sebi has also started a programme called resource person, under which teachers, trained by NISM, become Sebi's agents for taking its financial literacy programme into every corner of the country.Dial for helpSebi's toll free helplines for investors: 1800 266 7575 and 1800 22 7575. These lines are operational from Monday to Friday, 9.30am to 5.30pm (excluding declared holidays). At present, help is available in 14 languages: Assamese, Bengali, English, Gujarati, Hindi, Kannada, Kashmiri, Malayalam, Marathi, Oriya, Punjabi, Tamil, Telugu and Urdu.NEXT WEEKDisciplined investing is one part of financial planning. Next week, we take up why a periodic check of one's portfolio and rebalancing is important and how to go about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15867721", "title": "Student leaders' vehicle info collected", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Ahead of Panjab University polls, the police have obtained the record of 54 vehicles registered in the names of student leaders and their supporters along with their pictures from the Registration and Licensing Authority (RLA) branches of Chandigarh and Mohali. This has been done to avoid having to wait for assistance of RLA authorities in case of violence involving owners of these vehicles.The record was collected by Sector 11 police station. A total of 23 vehicles out of these 54 have been involved in various criminal activities during poll time. Gurmukh Singh, SHO, said details of some of the vehicles, which were registered on addresses of Patiala and Ludhiana are still awaited and these will be obtained shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15860943", "title": "Engineering college refuses to refund deposit", "text": "KOCHI: The admission supervisory committee for professional colleges has issued notice to Mary Matha College of Engineering, Thiruvananthapuram, for refusing to return Rs 1 lakh security deposit to a student.The student's father, Vasudevan Nair, in his complaint to the committee headed by justice P A Mohammed had alleged that the college had taken a security deposit of Rs 1 lakh from his son.He said his son had taken an education loan from a bank to pursue a degree in engineering and now the bank wants the money back.However, the college management refused to return the security deposit.Taking note of the complaint, the admission supervisory committee observed that the allegation made by Nair is serious in nature and the practice adopted by the engineering college is in violation of the existing laws.The committee has sent a notice to the management of Mary Matha College of Engineering and asked them to respond within 7 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15858753", "title": "Man charred to death", "text": "CHENNAI: A 22-year-old man, who was found lying on Angappan Naicker Street with severe burn injuries, died at Kilpauk Government Hospital on Monday morning.Police said at 2.30am, a few passersby alerted them about a man with severe burns lying on Angappan Naicker Street. Police identified him as R Chandru.Police also found a can filled with petrol next to the man. Meanwhile, another policeman on patrol duty said that he had found Chandru drunk and lying in the middle of the road on Sunday night. The policeman pulled him to the side of the road to prevent him from getting run over.Police are now investigating to find out if Chandru committed suicide or if he was murdered.Chandru's family members have lodged a complaint alleging that his son could have murdered him over family issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15872063", "title": "Finding a scapegoat not a solution to garbage problem", "text": "A week into the garbage crisis and all that the government has done, apart from a few stop-gap measures to clear the muck from the streets and dump it at closed landfills, is to find a fall guy. By dismissing the BBMP commissioner, the government has gone by the time-honoured tradition of hanging someone for a problem and hoping the problem will die with him. But there's no long-term solution in sight. With the Pollution Control Board talking tough on not reopening the Mavallipura landfill, and residents of Mandur hell-bent on not allowing garbage trucks to enter the village, the crisis is all set to worsen. The government must either empower the BBMP to take a decision or call in professional waste managers to resolve the crisis. The buck stops with home minister R Ashoka, who is also in charge of the city.Related story : BBMP commissioner moved out as garbage crisis festers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15862572", "title": "House panel wants 2 months to finish inquiry into police-drug mafia nexus", "text": "PANAJI: The legislative assembly's house committee constituted to inquire into the alleged politician-police-drug mafia nexus, has decided to seek an extension by two months to submit its report.When the committee was set up during the recently-held monsoon assembly session, chief minister Manohar Parrikar had said it would have to submit its report within a month.Chairman of the committee, Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, after the panel's meeting on Monday, said the committee needs two months to complete its inquiry. He said a lot of information is being collected in the case.Sources said the committee has already sought information from the chief secretary and the DGP. There is a possibility that Roy Naik, son of former home minister Ravi Naik, may also be summoned by it, sources said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15865530", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal changes plan, no dharna outside CM house", "text": "BHOPAL: A day after his SMS on his proposed dharna before chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's residence on Tuesday against the arrest of 24 IAC activists, Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal changed his plan.Kejriwal is scheduled to reach Bhopal by Shatabdi Express on Tuesday afternoon. \"The programme has changed,\" said Sharad Kumre, IAC activist on Monday evening.\"IAC workers, who were protesting outside CM house on Sunday were lathi-charged, arrested and sent to the Central Jail. It was in reaction to the police action that Kejriwal wanted to hold a dharna outside the CM's official residence and court arrest so he could join other activists in jail,\" Kumre said.On Sunday evening, Kejriwal sent an SMS to the IAC volunteers who were staging dharna against Chouhan's alleged role in allotment of coal mines. He wrote: \"Twenty-four including women have been formally arrested by the MP government. They are in the central Jail. Their crime - they raised voice against corruption by Chouhan. How can the people tolerate this? I will also commit the same crime on Tuesday - raise my voice against Chouhan's corruption and stage dharna outside his residence and offer myself for arrest.\"But on Monday afternoon, 24 arrested activists were released from jail and Kejriwal's programme was altered. \"He will now come to Bhopal, hold a press conference and meet the IAC activists here. Future strategy will be chalked out,\" Kumre added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15853479", "title": "Dumper rams into deputy CM\u2019s SUV", "text": "MUMBAI: In a scare for deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, a dumper jumped the divider on the Vashi bridge and hit two vehicles\u2014including the SUV in which he was travelling\u2014on Monday morning. No one was injured in the mishap.Pawar is learnt to have told acquaintances that he was in the SUV, a Toyota Land Cruiser, when the dumper hit it. \"The vehicle suffered a minor scratch,\" he reportedly said. Pawar's convoy was on its way from Pune to Mumbai when the mishap occurred around 10am.The dumper was going from Chembur to CBD-Belapur in Navi Mumbai when its driver, Chhotu Kushwaha, lost control over the vehicle after suddenly slamming the brakes. Sources said the dumper then jumped the divider on the bridge and rammed into ths SUV before hitting a police vehicle, a Mahindra Bolero, in the seven-car convoy.Both the vehicles sustained minor damage in the mishap. The SUV in which Pawar was travelling was left with a broken tail light. It, however, did not stop after the mishap and continued on its journey.The Vashi police arrested Kushwaha for rash driving after Pawar's staffer Vilas Bhapkar filed a complaint. \"Nobody was injured in the accident,\" said senior inspector Raosaheb Sardesai.Pawar drove straight to the Sahyadri guest house and sat through four meetings before calling it a day at 6pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15858084", "title": "Garbage to be picked at your doorstep", "text": "BELGAUM: The Belgaum City Corporation (BCC) has decided to extend its house-to-house garbage collection programme to keep the city clean.Presently, the Corporation covers only about 50% of the city under the programme through Stree Shakti and self-help groups (SHGs). There has been a strong demand from various areas, particularly from extensions, to commence garbage collection in their areas. In areas covered under the programme, the Corporation has kept large containers where people can throw garbage.But in other areas, garbage is mostly dumped in nearby open areas, drains and street corners. Also, the few containers placed in the area are far apart and discouraging people from talking the long walk to dump garbage. The garbage thrown indiscriminately on roads and in drains have become breeding grounds for diseases.As many as 80 Stree Shakti and self-help groups are involved in collecting garbage from households and commercial establishments in city through push carts and autorickshaws. The BCC plans to increase this number to 200 by inviting interested parties. The Corporation will extend 50% bank loan to the interested parties for purchasing push carts and autorickshaws, while the remaining amount has to be invested by the parties.The cost of garbage collection will differ from house to house based on the size of the house constructed and the number of floors. It starts from Rs 20 per month, and the BCC has decided to charge thrice the amount as fine for those who default on paying the fees.\"We have already been charging garbage collection fee for commercial establishments as solid waste management tax. There are plans to collect tax from households on the same lines in the future,\" said health officer Satish Potdar, speaking to TOI. Applications will be called from Stree Shakti groups and SHGs for garbage collection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15858749", "title": "Sculptors claim 85% idols are made from PoP", "text": "NAGPUR: It seems, city's water bodies will not get any respite from pollution due to idol immersion even this year. The level of pollution in the city's water bodies is all set to increase further as the chances to control the idols made up of plaster of paris (PoP) have gone away.Shockingly, during its meeting with the office-bearers at the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), sculptors claimed that about 85% idols in the city's market are made from Plaster of Paris (PoP).A delegation under the banner of Nag Vidarbha Murtikaar and Vikreta Mahasangh on Monday met the NMC office-bearers on Monday and demanded exemption from the ban on PoP idols this year. The general body on Tuesday will discuss proposal to formulate terms and conditions to implement the ban.Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari said that the decision to ban PoP idols was taken last year by the general body. \"I did not entertain their demands. All depends on the general body. Action will be taken against PoP idols in the city even after approval of the minutes of the meeting,\" he said.Sculptors are almost ready with their idols ahead of the 10-day Ganesh festival that will kick off from September 19. The NMC would be left with little time to implement the ban even if the general body decides to clear the proposal on Tuesday.The sculptors in the memorandum said that around 3-3.50 lakh idols are available in the city's market of which 80% are of PoP. Around 1.50 lakh idols come from outside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15864717", "title": "MP to launch urban health mission on Oct 2", "text": "INDORE: The Madhya Pradesh government is launching the National Urban Health Mission (NUHM) on the lines of the NRHM, to extend healthcare coverage among the needy 40% population in the urban areas of the state. The NUHM would be launched on October 2, Gandhi Jayanti, and MP will be the first state to do so.Health care experts in believe that the Urban Health Mission will enhance access of healthcare services and improve standard of living of the poor people living in the urban areas of the city. The mission has already been implemented in the rural areas. It will help people in urban areas suffering from water-borne diseases, respiratory diseases and diarrhoea due to water-logging and poor management of garbage. A large number of population in urban areas are said to be facing health problems like diabetes and cardiovascular diseases.Talking to TOI, principal secretary (health) Praveer Krishna said, \"The state government is ambitious to start urban health mission. Preparations are on in full swing to ensure that the mission is launched on October 2.\"Dr Sanjay Dixit, head of department, community medicine at Mahatma Gandhi Medical College, said, \"There is a need to develop infrastructure to address urban health. Recruitment of urban social health activist (USHA) workers on the lines of accredited social health activist (ASHA) needs to be done.\"However, a section of experts see it a mere eyewash. They feel that the announcement was made without proper planning and financial allocation. Chinmay Mishra of Swasthya Adhikar Manch said, \"Services provided in the mission can help to some extent, but chances are less that NUHM will be able to serve the needy and achieve its purpose. Underutilization of funds is already plaguing NRHM.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15851384", "title": "Hyderabad hotelier's home robbed of 20 tolas of gold, cash", "text": "HYDERABAD: Burglars gained entry into the house of a hotelier and escaped with 20 tolas of gold and other valuables on Sunday night.The incident happened at hotel owner Shankar's house in Sitarambagh. Shankar has been constructing a two-storied house in Sitarambagh and for a month he and his family members have been staying in the completed portion of the building on the first floor.In the wee hours of Monday, Shankar's son Sainath woke up to go for work and found his cellphone missing. While searching for the phone, Sainath entered the room where the iron safe was placed and found its door open. \"He immediately woke up all his family members and they discovered that 20 tolas of gold and Rs 30,000 cash kept in the iron safe was missing,\" Habeebnagar inspector NSV Venkateshwar said. The inspector said that all the family members slept in various rooms and Shankar slept in the hall with the main door open, which might have allowed the thief to enter the house without any difficulty. \"The locker keys were also kept in a purse next to the safe,\" the inspector said. Clues team visited the spot and collected fingerprints.Based on the complaint lodged by Shankar, a burglary case has been booked under Section 457/380 of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "15867268", "title": "Pro-Suktel villagers launch hunger stir", "text": "BALANGIR: Members of the Lower Suktel Action Committee on Monday launched an indefinite hunger strike after the Balangir district administration reneged on its promise to initiate talks to expedite the work of the proposed irrigation project. In June, the pro-project villagers had launched a nine-day agitation, forcing the administration to promise to hold talks on the issue within a month. The agitators maintained that Balangir, which had only 3 per cent irrigated lands, would be greatly benefitted if the Suktel project was completed soon. \"It has been a long wait. Cheap politics and officials' indulgence in corruption has delayed the project. Now the people's representatives of the district owe an explanation as to when the project will be completed\", said Arun Mishra, coordinator of the Lower Suktel Action Committee.He said the suktel project would irrigate 80000 acres of land in the district. He further questioned why the land acquisition process was not over in vital areas of the project.\"We will continue the hunger strike till the administration begins talks. Last time we have been cheated by the administration. This time unless we receive written assurance that it will speed up the work, we won't break the agitation\", said Mishra.The project which could cover an area of 5216 hectres would submerge 16 villages fully and 10 partly. It would render around 14380 people of 4160 families homeless. Sources said meanwhile the project cost was escalated to 11 hundred crores.Gopaljee Panigrahi, president of the committee alleged that despite the Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik promising in August 2011 that the spill-way work of the project would kick start, vested interest groups of local representatives have stalled the work. \"Not only do the people of the submerged areas support the project, but the entire population of the district wants the project soon. We will do whatever is needed to do for the project\", asserted Panigrahi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15859160", "title": "Vodafone gets HC nod for its assets-gift scheme", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A division bench of Gujarat high court on Monday granted sanction to Vodafone Essar Gujarat Ltd's scheme of arrangement - gifting its passive infrastructure assets to the same company's another group, Vodafone Essar Infrastructure Ltd (VEIL).However, the court has kept all options open for the income tax department to recover the dues. While granting the sanction, the court held that other judicial proceedings in this connection before tribunals should not come into the way of sanctioning the scheme.As per the scheme, the transferee company was to gift its seven Vodafone companies in form of passive assets to VEIL. The due process of obtaining clearance was completed, but the income tax department had an objection to the transaction of nearly Rs 15,000 crore as per its estimate.When the company moved the HC seeking sanction for its scheme of arrangement, the I-T department objected with contention that under the garb of this scheme, the telecom giant was actually evading huge tax amount - to the tune of Rs 3,500 crore. The department also claimed that it was not only I-T evasion, but the companies were also aiming to evade stamp duty of Rs 600 crore.A single-judge bench had denied permission to the company to go ahead with the scheme. This brought the company back to the court against the order of refusal.A bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Mohinder Pal heard the case at length. This time, the company argued that similar schemes have been approved by high courts in other states. The I-T department has not challenged the orders that are in the company's favour in concerned high courts. During the proceedings, the I-T department got a rebuke from the HC for not revealing details of proceedings and judgments in other high courts.After hearing the arguments, the bench said that the court was required to see whether the proposed scheme by the company was for benefit of shareholders and whether it was framed with the sole object of avoidance of tax or it was against public policy. \"Even otherwise, when other high courts have sanctioned identical schemes, even on the principles of parity and judicial comity, consent is required to be given to the scheme in question,\" the bench observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15857257", "title": "Civil rights activists against stalling of Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the political logjam stalling key legislative business, civil rights activists feel that Parliament should be allowed to function to ensure that the government is held accountable.MKSS head and RTI activist Aruna Roy said that while the issue of corruption was important, Parliament should be allowed to run. \"Corruption is a huge issue but there are other laws which will protect people's lives and cub corruption. Political parties must ensure that Parliament functions and then hold people accountable. We still need more information from the government and Parliament should ensure that government answers specifically and clearly,\" she said.National Campaign for Protection of People Right to Information (NCPRI) member Anjali Bhardwaj pointed out that both the whistleblowers (protection in public interest disclosures) Bill 2010 and the right of citizens for time-bound delivery of goods and services and redressal of their grievances Bill 2011 had been through several discussions and debates, but continue to be pending before Parliament. Pressing for an early passage of the bill, the group plans to establish an alliance to act as support group for whistleblowers who are often victimized by authorities themselves.Affirming this at a jan manch organized by NCPRI with Accountability Initiative and others, RTI user and whistleblower Mangla Ram spoke about how he was beaten up by the sarpanch and his supporters till he broke 12 bones. He spent six months in hospital but cannot walk straight. \"I had filed RTIs related to payments under the Indira Awas Yojna which exposed the sarpanch and he took his revenge,\" said Ram, who hails from Barmer in Rajasthan.Similar sentiments were echoed by Bikaner resident Rawat Ram who sought information on the logbook use by the local SHO. \"I found that whenever we went to complain the thanedaar would say he could not come to inquire because he did not have a vehicle and demanded that we provide him transport. His official vehicle was being used to ferry his children,\" Rawat Ram added describing how he was implicated in a false case that took him five years and Rs 5000 to get rid off.However, with BJP stalling the House over coalgate and pressing for PM Manmohan Singh's resignation, there appears to be little hope for these whistleblowers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15869982", "title": "Carnival of magic", "text": "LUDHIANA: Tiny tots laughed, had fun and celebrated their favourite cartoon characters during the cartoon carnival at Cherubs The Pre-school on Monday. The children were literally transported to a whole new world of fantasy and magic with all their favourite cartoon characters under one roof.To add fun to their magical journey, the schoolkids came dressed as their favourite cartoon characters. It was amazing to see little ones dressed as Mickey Mouse, Dora The Explorer, Ben-10, Doremon, Cinderella , Snow White and Spiderman - all under one roof! The carnival had goodies for all, including cakes, balloons, bouncies, tattoos, lollypops and whistles. Besides the kids, even teachers enjoyed being a part of the fantasy world. Prabhleen Passi and Danish Arora came dressed as \"Doremon\", while Ridaan Sharma came as her favourite superhero \"Superman\". Kiaan Gupta dressed as the hardworking \"Bob The Builder\" and Vanraaj and Zyna Gujral dressed as the webbed saviour \"Spiderman\". Last but not the least, Jeenal and Paarv dressed as the adorable and charming \"Minne Mouse\".Addressing teachers and tiny tots, principal Ruchika Arora said, \"Cartoon characters are not only an excellent source of entertainment, but also give valuable lessons. For instance, cartoons like \"Barney\" can stop toddler from crying, whereas \"Dora the Explorer\" and \"Micky Mouse Play House\" can be used for activity classes to teach children shapes and colours.\" A teacher Gitika Monga said, \"We tried to create a dream world for our little Cherubs where they could have a day full of unlimited fun. I hope the kids enjoyed the day and remember it throughout their lives.\"Yogita Arora, a resident of Dugri and mother of Sanan Arora who dressed as \"Snow White\", said, \"Snow White is my daughter's favourite character so she was very excited to dress like her.\" Ruchi Khullar, a resident of BRS Nagar, said, \"My son had a great day in school today. A huge Mickey Mouse welcomed him at the school gate and he enjoyed the party with his classmates. I am happy that the school takes an initiative to organize such activities in school.\" Ruchi dressed her son Arnav as \"Noddy\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15854082", "title": "Protests, first like of opposition to helmet rule in Cantonment areas, build up", "text": "PUNE: The move to make helmets compulsory for two-wheeler riders and those riding pillion in Pune Cantonment area from September 1 has been opposed by the Shiv Sena .Nearly 300 activists led by MLA Mahadev Babar of Hadapsar constituency took out a morcha with a mock funeral of helmets to the Pune Cantonment Board (PCB) office at Golibar Maidan and demanded that the helmet rule be scrapped in 'larger public interest' as its implementation was not feasible in the small cantonment area.The protest started from Bhopale Chowk at 11.15 am and passed Centre, Sachapir, Jan Mohammad streets and Castellino Road, before concluding at the PCB's office.Babar later handed over a memorandum to the PCB chief executive officer K Venkat Nagi Reddy. The MLA told the CEO that he was aware of the Supreme Court judgment on compulsory helmets, but he was highlighting the plight of the people. The CEO said he would forward his memorandum to the army authorities.Babar told TOI that the agitation would grow if his demand was not considered by September 1. \"The morcha was resorted to following complaints from people living in Camp, Wanowrie, Kondhwa and Hadapsar areas,\" he said.He said the helmet compulsion would adversely impact the business community in the Cantonment area. \"The cash-strapped state government is trying to make money by recovering fines from the public if they are found travelling without helmets,\" he added.The army and police authorities should have consulted political parties and elected representatives before announcing the compulsory helmet rule, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15864479", "title": "Leopard dies in Indore zoo", "text": "INDORE: Leopard died in Indore zoo on August 25, the fourth animal to die in captivity in the past one year. Earlier, three black bucks died.The cause of death of leopard on August 25 is not clear and the zoo officials are waiting for post-mortem report. However, the zoo officials say that the animal might have died of liver cirrhosis or some psychological disorder. \"The post-mortem reports are expected in next two days or so. According to private investigation, the animal died of liver cirrhosis,\" said Dr Uttam Yadav, zoo in-charge said, adding, \"The animal hadn't been eating for the past several months and it was on saline (glucose).According to zoo authorities, the animal had severe wounds on its claws. \"All wounds were self-inflicted. It is rare to find an animal with psychological problem. One in a thousand animal is seen with such disorders. It was first time in our zoo that such a case has taken place,\" said Dr Yadav.In the zoo that houses 336 animals, now has only three leopards left. When asked if the zoo will get replacement for the deceased animal \"We already have three leopards (two males and one female) at the zoo here, and I don't think there is any need for one more,\" said Dr Uttam Yadav, zoo in-charge Indore.The treatment of animal was on for more than a month now. \"When we saw the animal has psychological problem, we also fed him some behaviour change drugs. In fact, we observed some positive changes in him 15 days ago when Monty had started to eat again. But it did not last for more than two days.\"The zoo had also consulted other zoos in the region and doctors from other cities to seek guidance for treatment of the leopard \"We had contacted Dr A B Shrivastav from Jabalpur and Dr Hemat Mehta from Mhow to guide us on the treatment of leopard.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15863253", "title": "Upper age limit for constable recruits raised", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has stated that persons up to the age of 24 are eligible to apply for the posts of police constables .This is applicable to the persons interested to apply for the 698 vacant posts of police constables in the Goa police department.As queries have been received by the police department, the government has clarified for the information of all candidates that the existing age limit of 18 to 22 years as on August 31, 2012, for the post of police constables has been enhanced to 18 to 24 years as on August 31, 2012.Goa police has also advertised for 105 posts of police sub-inspectors. The chief minister recently had announced in the assembly that the government would fill 698 posts of constables and 105 of PSI in the Goa police.Lamenting that persons from minority communities don't join the police force, he had appealed to the Catholic community to see that more persons apply for the posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15867909", "title": "World anger day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: What made Jatinderjeet Singh of Mohali fire gunshots at the tyres of his neighbour's car parked in front of his house was rage, something he himself confessed to the cops. Psychologists feel this embittered feeling was nothing but a show of ego and masculinity which works on irrational thinking. And this is not a one off instance, anger has become a part and parcel of our daily life. How we handle it, makes all the difference.As Dr Adarsh Kohli, a PGI psychologist said, \"Anger is a powerful emotion which needs to be handled with maturity. It can turn into violence or can be a significant tool in anti-establishment movements as in Anna Hazare's, Ruchika Girhotra's or Jessica Lal's case.\" She added, \"What Jatinderjeet Singh displayed was a show of his ego and masculinity in anger.\" There is scientific evidence to suggest that those who do not show anger and remain silent are at high risk of heart diseases. \"We have come across certain traits in the personality of patients who suffer from heart diseases. Extroverts are less susceptible to cardiac problems than introverts as they talk things out and ease off stress that way,\" said Dr Yashpaul Sharma, head of the cardiology department, PGI.One has to curb anger to remain calm and balanced. Anger is a two-way process of destruction-both towards oneself and others, say psychologists. But a healthy way of expressing this emotion within a limit is essential in day-to-day dealings. Dr P Kulhara, a psychiatrist at a private hospital in Mohali said, \"Anger in day-to-day routine does not turn chronic, unless it gets uncontrollable and results in unwarranted actions.\" These experts do not rule out anger as a negative energy. \" There is nothing wrong in being assertive without getting aggressive,\" said Dr Kohli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15851109", "title": "Versova burial trust awaits documents", "text": "MUMBAI: The parent body of the Versova burial ground where siblings Rameez and Rehab Chougle are interred says it will not permit anybody to excavate their remains without permission from the authority and after deliberating all consequences of their decision.The Versova police had approached the trust seeking to exhume the body of Rameez (26) last week. They wish to determine if he died of pesticide poisoning, like his sister Rehab, and an autopsy is necessary to establish that.Around 10 trustees of the Versova Kokni Sunni Jamat Trust met TOI on Sunday. The jamat is the parent body of Versova Jama Masjid, the dargah of Sayed Shukrullah Shah Baba and Versova Muslim Kabrastan Trust. It partly manages the burial ground where the siblings are interred. \"We will consider the police's request only after they have obtained necessary permission from the sanctioning authority, be it the high court, collector or district magistrate. We will verify the papers and call a meeting of the kabrastan trust to discuss the action to be taken. Only after a formal resolution has been passed will we convey our decision to the authorities,\" said a committee member.The trustees are mindful that any decision they take could imply consequences for other graveyards.\"Last week, the senior police inspector, the investigating officer in the case and a constable met us without specifying an agenda. Since it was the day of the MNS rally at Azad Maidan, we presumed it was a routine meeting to ensure that nothing untoward occurred in the locality. Had we known they wished to discuss the exhumation we would have called other kabrastan trust members,\" said a jamat spokesperson.The police said they consulted the mufti at the Haji Ali dargah but the jamat claims that the religious expert has denied permission. \"The mufti and imam of our dargah-masjid was present at our meeting with the police. He expressly stated that Islamic Sharia is opposed to exhumation so he would not allow it. The trust is not concerned with the cause of death in any case, whether it is natural or unnatural. We allow burial of bodies after receiving BMC permission. Our role ends there,\" the trustees said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15879170", "title": "Introducing Gabru Chel Chabileh", "text": "In a candid chat with Gabru Chel ChabilehWho formed GCC and when? GCC was formed by 3 Bhangra lovers in 2009Is GCC a male only group? At the moment yes but you never know it may change!Who is GCCs captain? There are no captains we all play a valid part in making this team run smoothly and representing Bhangra.How many members are there in GCC? There are up to 14 dancers and a part-band.Does GCC have a slogan? Grace, Creativity and Culture..We Gonna Change the Scene...With the forthcoming competition Bhangra Wars 2012 only a month away -what would you say are your Groups most strongest elements? Traditionality and Artistic Flair of courseDid the founding members of GCC reciece any Bhangra dance tuition or had mentors who guided and trained them? No, we are all self-taught dancers who are positively obsessed with videos of Bhangra routines from the Panjabi Teams such as Shiv Chand and Khalsa College Bhangra dancers.What are your thoughts on music and live Bhangra? To be honest they are both the same if done the right way. The foundations are learnt through live sets such as the segments and basic formations, creativity is introduced through pre-recorded music sets. Music sets in the Western world are ever becoming popular because of the impact it has on the audience. We here in the UK have the world best music producers and to incorporate their work with our work makes it Bhangra!!What makes a good judge in terms of judging competitions? One who can understand the basics of Bhangra, the core and the executions.Ok, competitions are now growing here in the UK. Where do you see UK Bhangra? It's make or break, the scene has started to grow but will it conquer the wedding/mela performances? We have a few competitions but unsure whether we have a niche for more than 3 a year as it isn't like the US where people have time. This is the only way groups get to better themselves, through months of hardwork, training and in the process understanding Bhangra. Its great that its looking positive but dont know if we have dancers here in the UK brave enough to take the plunge and expose their talents on a a progressive stage. Being a wedding only group isn't what's its all about. Bhangra has changed, times have changed, the audience has changed. It's all part of the 'Evolution of Bhangra'.How much does winning Bhangra Wars 2012 mean to your team? Winning isn't the only thing it's about showcasing our views and values about Bhangra through our performance. It's about expressing traditional Bhangra in a modern world and we would not sacrifice our Bhangra values for anything! Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15871179", "title": "Congress, BJP squabble over corruption on day one", "text": "SHIMLA: Congress legislators picked up from where they had left during the budget session of the state assembly as on day one of the monsoon session on Monday they tried to corner the BJP government over corruption. They even staged a walkout demanding CBI probe into allegations leveled by the party in the Congress chargesheet, which was recently submitted to the President of India.The proceedings of the day started normally with leaders from both sides participating in the obituary reference, but chaos started as soon as speaker Tulsi Ram asked chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal to list the week's business of the house. Before Dhumal could start listing the business at around 3 pm, Congress Legislative Party (CLP) leader Vidya Stokes was up on her seat to seek permission of the speaker to make her point.\"The Congress has prepared a chargesheet against the BJP government and we want an inquiry into allegations made in the chargesheet,\" she said. This left the ruling side enraged and they started making comment on the opposition. Soon, both sides were seen raising slogans on corruption issues.Speaker Tulsi Ram said that if the opposition members wanted a discussion on the issue, then prior notice should have been given. On this, Congress MLA Kaul Singh Thakur said the party had submitted a detailed chargesheet to the President of India and now they wanted a CBI probe into the charges.In a bid to run the house, the speaker asked Dhumal to list the business of the house, but before the CM could speak, opposition MLAs started raising slogans, which was countered by slogans from the ruling side. At 3.10 pm the opposition walked out of the house. Later proceedings of the house were run in absence of opposition members.Following the walkout, minister for parliamentary affairs Ravinder Ravi made a statement in the house in which he described the walkout as unfortunate. He said notice should have been given to hold discussion on the issue. Chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal later said Congress leaders were busy in Delhi and they came to the assembly without any issue so they enacted the 'drama' of a walkout in the house. \"Congress leaders have submitted the chargesheet to the President and now they want me to order a probe into their allegations. Vidya Stokes has remained speaker herself and she should know that a probe is ordered where a chargesheet is submitted,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15864534", "title": "Police clueless in constable murder case", "text": "Times News NetworkINDORE: Police have not got any lead in the murder case of a constable, Dharmendra Singh Tomar, who was killed on Saturday night at Annapurna. The police are yet to trace the accused and find out the motive behind the incident.The Annapurna police in charge G S Charad said the police have interrogated at least 25 suspicious persons but in vain. They are summoning more persons of the locality and will interrogate them.Regarding the motive behind the murder, Charad said police are working on different angles. Either Tomar had a tussle with the accused on the road due to which he was stabbed or he could be the victim of an old rivalry. \"He might have developed enmity with some unidentified persons or might have entered some dispute,\" he said.Dharmendra, son of Badri Singh Tomar, was associated with SAF as a constable. He was posted at the bungalow of inspector general police (IGP) Pawan Srivastava. He was returning home at Gurunanak Colony after finishing his duty when the incident occurred.In the initial post-mortem report, doctors found that he was stabbed thrice, twice in his abdomen and once in his right hand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "15861512", "title": "Man found dead at Canacona", "text": "CANACONA: A 65-year-old man was found dead at Palolem, Canacona, on Sunday evening.According to Canacona police, Chandu Daleria from Mumbai was found dead in his room at Palolem.He had come to Goa along with his wife on Saturday and had taken a room on rent at Palolem.Police believe that he could have died after suffering a heart attack in his sleep. On getting information, police rushed to the scene and registered a case of unnatural death.The body was referred to Hospicio hospital, Margao, for autopsy, which was conducted on Monday.A case under Section 174 of CrPC has been registered and Canacona, PI Harishchandra Madkaikar is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "15869312", "title": "Garhwa police directives to sim card dealers", "text": "GARHWA: In an effort to keep a tab on Maoists and criminals, the Garhwa police have directed distributors and retailers of sim cards not to sell sim cards to any person without verification of his/her identity card and address. Moreover, police have asked the sim card dealers to keep complete records of sim card buyers. This was decided at a meeting of police officers with sim card distributors and retailers of different companies chaired by Garhwa SP Michael Raj S.The SP said Maoists and criminals were found misusing sim cards after buying them illegally from the dealers. To keep a tab on such practice, sim card dealers should be cautious at the time of selling them. Sim cards should only be sold after due verification of the original identity of the buyer, the SP said adding that dealers must maintain complete data of the buyers right from full address to other necessary information and cell phone numbers in case the buyer has a second phone.The SP has warned the dealers to be careful at the time of selling sim cards. \"Do not provide sim cards to outsiders without verifying their identity proof. Any retailers and distributors caught selling sim cards based on forged documents and fake address will have to face stern action. Stern action will be taken against them also if they were found flouting the set rules and regulations,\" the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15861328", "title": "CM hits back at rivals over law and order", "text": "PATNA: At a time when the nation is in turmoil over corruption in high offices, in Bihar the properties amassed through corrupt means are being confiscated and utilized for underprivileged class, said chief minister Nitish Kumar on Monday while addressing the NDA workers from Magadh region under the monthly programme 'Karyakarta ke darbar mein mantri parishad'.He said the Criminal Law (Amendment) Ordinance 1944 was being processed for implementation after 67 years of its promulgation to take on the touts and middlemen involved in corruption. He said the police stations have no right to intervene in the land dispute cases.Hitting back at his opponents who are raising voice over law and order situation in the state, the CM said, \"Those who left the public at the mercy of criminals when they were in power are now talking about law and order. Raising a question mark on the situation by those who in recent times attempted to disrupt social harmony is meaningless. The era of carnage is a passe.\"The CM made a direct attack on RJD chief Lalu Prasad and said a bike showroom, called Lara Agency, has been opened in Aurangabad, once infamous for caste violence, which shows that there is peace in the state. The agency has been opened by Lalu's son.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said Bihar is the first state where the entire cabinet, including the CM, face the NDA workers and listen to the issues raised by them. He said it was a very healthy tradition for a better coordination between the government and the alliance partners.Others who addressed the workers included state JD(U) and BJP presidents, Vashisht Narayan Singh and Dr C P Thakur, respectively, besides NDA convener Nand Kishore Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15880670", "title": "Music industry has to be willing to adapt: Korn", "text": "Jonathan Davis , James \"Munky\" Shaffer, Reginald \"Fieldy\" Arvizu and Ray Luzier, who have given music fans hits such as Twisted Transistor and Way Too Far, will take the stage in India for the first time next month when they play in Gurgaon, Mumbai and Bangalore. They chatted about the issues they have faced with piracy and line-up changes in the course of their journey as a band ahead of their gig in the country.International musicians have been battling piracy for quite a while now, and that includes Korn , whose 2002 album Untouchables was leaked on the net. When asked what they need thinks needs to be done to protect the interests of artists in this sphere, Ray said, \"The world, technology, and how we consume music have all changed dramatically in the last 15 years. The music industry has to be willing to adapt, and fans should support the artists they love by doing the right thing.\"As with all bands, Korn has also seen its fair share of line-up changes, with David Silveria and Brian Welch leaving the band. How has this impacted their journey as a band? \"It's been a long journey, and it definitely changes the dynamic of the band. We're just so lucky to have one of the best drummers in the world in Ray Luzier, which has really helped our sound,\" said Munky.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15852901", "title": "HC throws out plea for transfer of August 11 probe from police", "text": "Police involvement does not mean that the investigating team will conduct the probe into the Azad Maidan riot in a biased manner, said the Bombay high court on Monday, refusing a plea to transfer the investigation.A division bench of judges A M Khanwilkar and R Y Ganoo was hearing a petition by Nazar Mohammed Siddique (36), Shaikh Junaid Abdul Rashid (22) and Akbar Raunak Ali Khan (27), which said that while Siddique and Rashid were shot at by the police on JJ flyover, Khan was shot near CST while he was trying to save a small boy. The three are recuperating at JJ Hospital and have sought compensation of Rs 10 lakh each.Their advocate, Ejaz Naqvi, argued that their right to life was breached by the firing, which was unprovoked. He said Siddique and Rashid were passersby who were far away from the combat scene.\"The riot took place one and a half km away from where my clients were\u2014JJ flyover. They were shot from behind. There was no curfew or prohibitory order,\" Naqvi said.Justice Khanwilkar riposted, \"That may be wrong, but it does not mean the (probe) team is incompetent.\"Public prosecutor Revati Dere submitted that the special investigation team of the crime branch was constituted on August 12, meaning that the team was separate from the Azad Maidan police. But Naqvi persisted with his demand for a third-party probe, saying the police were \"interconnected\". Justice Khanwilkar then said, \"The entire police is one force. A third-party probe can only be conducted by the CBI. For that, we have to be convinced that there is bias on the part of the police. Show us one good reason to transfer the probe.\"The bench said that only speculative arguments were being made. \"Even if we accept that the firing was inhuman and was unwarranted, does it reflect on the investigation (conducted) by some other officers?\" asked Justice Khanwilkar rhetorically.The judges allowed the plea to be withdrawn with liberty for the petitioners to move the State Human Rights Commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15858585", "title": "Chennai gets ready to feast on Onam specials", "text": "CHENNAI: They get their assorted greens, cut them a day in advance and cook up a storm on the final day. To many Malayali families in the city, Onam is about cooking a feast on the festive day in the true traditional style.Homemaker Beena Nandu will make the traditional vegetarian feast consisting of nine to 10 dishes on the Thiruvonam day, which falls on August 29. \"I cook a few items like kalan (vegetables cooked in yoghurt-coconut gravy) and puliyinji (ginger-tamarind chutney with jaggery) in advance,\" she says. But mixed vegetable dishes like aviyal, olan and koottukari, stir-fried vegetable thorans and payasam (kheer) are made on Thiruvonam, says Beena Nandu, who is expecting to entertain her daughter's friends on the day.The sadya or feast is an intrinsic part of Onam, Kerala's traditional harvest festival. The array of vegetable dishes, pickles, papadams and payasams served on banana leaves also marks the return of Mahabali, the legendary asura king of Kerala who was banished to the underworld by Vishnu as Vamana. Thiruvonam is the only time the benevolent king can visit his former kingdom and the feast celebrates his return.In keeping with the tradition, Bindu Santhosh prepares the feast with her sister and mother at her home in Ayapakkam. \"This time also we have friends and neighbours belonging to other communities dropping in. I am all set to make a feast for seven to eight people,\" she said.For some, like businesswoman Rakhi Deepak, this year's Onam is different. \"For a change I am ordering the food as we are planning a get-together of 35-40 people,\" she said. Normally, she makes the sadya with her mother-in-law. \"She is very fast, I just have to cut vegetables. We start at 5am and the feast will be ready by 1pm,\" she said. But this time it is different. \"I can cook but I don't have the vessels to make payasam and parippu (dal).\" she said. The only way out is to order food.Krishnan of Sindhu Catering says he is finding it hard to take on the orders for food. \"I have taken food orders till August 30,\" he says. More than meals, families ask for difficult-to-make pradhamans (kheer) with ada (flattened rice flakes) and jackfruit. Many Kerala-based jewellery shops in the city have placed orders to give the sweet dish to their customers, he says.Even as traditionalists lament that the celebrations have been reduced to buying sadya packets, those who have placed orders for food are set to enjoy the day. \"This time I will get to celebrate Onam with my friends,\" says Rakhi Deepak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15851835", "title": "Couple rounded up with animal body parts", "text": "NAGPUR: The anti-poaching squad attached to Nagpur territorial circle on Monday evening seized animal body parts from a Karnataka based couple near Wadi.Acting on a tip off, the district honorary wildlife warden Kundan Hate intimated the forest official about the suspect. The forest official led by divisional forest officer (vigilance) PD Masram, assistant conservator of forest (ACF), Kishore Mishrikotkar, Ajay Pilari Seth and others reached the spot and rounded up the couple.Officials seized four nails, one tooth and some animal parts from the couple. They suspect the tooth to be of a tiger as it measures nine cm. Also, one of the nails is suspected to be of a tiger. According to sources, investigations were still on as the mobile squad took the couple to a rented house in Kalamna area. The couple tried to gave evasive replies.Forest officials have decided to send the tooth and nail to forensic laboratory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15859297", "title": "MLA faces charges of foul play in land purchase", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore-Chamarajanagar district Nandini Milk Sellers' Association president H Kumar has accused Chamaraja MLA H S Shankarlingegowda of filing a false affidavit to get a site from Bangalore Development Authority (BDA). Claiming that Shankaralingegowda owns a property in Mysore, Kumar urged the government to seize the property and take action against the MLA.The legislator, however, claimed that he has not cheated government on this score, and that he is clean.Circulating some documents (obtained under RTI) pertaining to the properties owned by the legislator, Kumar on Monday told reporters that Shankaralingegowda had taken a site measuring 40x60 sqft from Mysore City Improvement Trust Board (CITB) in 1976.\"But the MLA again applied for a site at BDA in 2003 and got a site at HSR Layout under G-category. According to law, once a person gets a site from any government agency, he is not entitled to take a site from the government again,\" he said, adding: \"Shankaralingegowda has taken the site in Bangalore by filing a false affidavit. Within a month of its purchase, he sold it for gain.\" Kumar showed a copy of encumbrance certificate to prove his point.Complaint to EC\"What is more surprising is that the legislator has not showed the property sale in his declared assets at the time of filing an affidavit during 2004 assembly elections, which is a violation of election code of conduct,\" Kumar said, adding that he will be writing to Election Commission in this regard.When contacted, Shankaralingegowda said that all the allegations are baseless. The MLA said that he is transparent in all his dealings and ready for any inquiry. The legislator claimed at the time of buying a site from BDA along with other ministers in 2003, no rule existed that a person is not entitled to take another site from government agencies.To a query, Shankaralingegowda admitted that he bought the site from BDA, and sold it soon to clear his debts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15864368", "title": "Renaissance college suspends four students", "text": "INDORE: The management of Renaissance College has suspended four students on Monday who were allegedly involved in the stabbing incident that took place in the campus last Friday. The four accused students Arpit Shinde and three others were alleged to be involved in stabbing Akash Patel and injuring Gurpreet Singh. Shinde is the nephew of corporator Chandu Shinde.Though director of the college, Rajesh Dixit did not come on record, sources in the institute confirmed suspension of all four. \"They were found creating nuisance in the college and stabbed one of the students. So, the management has suspended them,\" said the source.It is said that old rivalry between leaders of two student's union outfits led to the clash. The leaders had heated verbal arguments over which other activists had fought each other and resulted into stabbing. A case was also registered at Vijay Nagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15860342", "title": "Allow senior IAS officer to retire, HC tells govt", "text": "CHENNAI: Thanks to the intervention of the Madras high court, senior IAS officer K Ashok Vardhan Shetty can peacefully retire from service now.A division bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal, holding that the state government had wrongly rejected Shetty's request for voluntary retirement, said: \"When the cadre controlling authority, the Union of India, itself has made it clear that the case of Shetty should have been considered only under Rule 16(2) and seems to have no objection for allowing him to proceed on voluntary retirement, we are unable to appreciate the action adopted on the part of the state authorities.\"A 1983-batch IAS officer, Shetty submitted his voluntary retirement notice to the state government in September 2011, and sought to be relieved from service with effect from December 2011. As per Rule 16(2) of the All India Services (death-cum-retirement benefits) Rules, 1958, acceptance of an application for voluntary retirement by state or central government was not required if the officer had either put in 30 years of service or has attained the age of 50 years.Since Shetty had already reached 50 years, he expected to be relieved from service immediately. But it was not to be. The government rejected his application on December 7, 2011, saying he could not be allowed to retire because he had put in only 28 years of service and without the government's acceptance, he cannot be relieved from service.Shetty approached the Central Administrative Tribunal, alleging harassment and extraneous reasons for not allowing him to retire. The government claimed that certain vigilance inquiry was contemplated against him and hence he could not be relieved from service. After the CAT ruled in his favour, the government approached the high court.Dismissing the government's petition, the judges said the requirement under Rule 16(2) was 30 years of service or 50 years of age, and not both. The other impediment to such a voluntary retirement was suspension of the officer concerned. Noting that in the present case, Shetty was aged 50 years and that he was not under suspension, they said specific approval of the central government, therefore, was not needed.As for the state government's claim that vigilance inquiry had been contemplated against him, the court said: \"It is not at all the case of the state government itself that Shetty is not having a clean record of service. When he was not under suspension and when only an enquiry has been contemplated, we are not in a position to accept the case of the state government. Therefore, we have no hesitation to hold that the state authorities have applied a wrong provision of law to the case of Shetty.\"They then directed the government to treat December 9, 2011 as Shetty's retirement date and settle all his retirement benefits within eight weeks. They also asked the Centre to render its concurrence or approval expeditiously and see to it that the terminal benefits reached Shetty within the stipulated period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15851854", "title": "Man duped of Rs 10 lakh", "text": "AMRAVATI: Rajapeth police have booked two persons including one woman for duping a man of Rs 10 lakh on the pretext of doubling his investment in the share market.Vinod Deshmukh (59) has lodged a complaint with police in which he stated that accused Sonal Vakharia, a resident of Jayant Colony, and Vijay Dudhat, a resident of Govind Nagar, opened a bogus firm Success Share Company at Dande Plot locality in the city. The accused duo told Dshmukh that their firm was connected to Iron share and stock brokers company, Chennai. Both Sonal and Dudhat told Deshmukh that knew top officials of the company. From December 2011 to January 2012, Deshmukh, a retired revenue department employee, invested around Rs 10 lakh through cheques. Deshmukh bought around 800 shares of the company. Vijay and Sonal had given him three cheques of Rs four lakh, issued from Akola Urban Co-operative Bank, but they bounced, Deshmukh said in his complaint.Police said that Deshmukh was not the only victim of the accused duo, who are absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15880688", "title": "Jackie Shroff gifts a sprawling plot to wife", "text": "Jackie Shroff gifts a sprawling Khandala plot to his wife Ayesha; she wants to build a holiday and party pad for their kids Tiger and KrishnaCompleting a quarter of a century of marital bliss is a milestone that calls for celebration. And Jackie Shroff is doing exactly that.The actor has gifted a plot measuring 2.5 acre to his wife Ayesha to commemorate completion of 25 years of marriage this year. And Ayesha, on her part, is leaving no stone unturned to make the most of her gift. Plans are afoot to build a bungalow spanning 13,000 sq ft, especially for their son Tiger (21) and daughter Krishna (19). There will be a separate 3,000 sq ft wing for the siblings to party along with their friends.Ayesha confirmed the news and said, \"Jackie's gift came as a pleasant surprise; something that I won't forget ever. But now I have a task to carry out. I have a dream home in mind, which Jackie and I are going to set up in about a year and a half or two at the most.\"Waxing eloquent about the blueprint she has in mind, Ayesha said, \"The house will have a mini theatre, basketball court, swimming pool and a state-of-the-art gymnasium. My son is so clued into gyms that I don't have to ask anyone about the equipment I need to purchase. Construction on the ground plus one house will mostly begin in December this year.\"Earlier, they'd thought of having a farmhouse on the land. \"However, bridges are coming up now, that will help us reach from Bandra to Khandala in an hour or so. We have decided to have a proper house in Khandala. And of course, we are not selling our newly bought place at Bandra Bandstand,\" Ayesha added.According to a source close to the couple, Jackie had purchased the land sometime ago but transferred it to his wife's name only recently. Of late, the duo have been seen visiting the site quite frequently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15870537", "title": "Demolition drive held at Prayag station", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A demolition drive was conducted around Prayag station by of Allahabad Municipal Corporation on Monday. During the demolition, various shops that have proliferated in the area were removed.The demolition squad of the Allahabad Municipal Corporation comprising JCB machines, bulldozers and trucks reached the site at about 9:30.The demolition started near the Prayag station which continued up to 11:00 am.Various small kiosks that have come up in the area was demolished.It is pertinent to mention that various shops were removed during the demolition drive that was undertaken about one month back but now one again many shops have been opened.About two motorcycles were also seized during the demolition which were parked outside the vehicle stand at the Prayag station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15862279", "title": "Heart pills as good as statins minus side-effects", "text": "LONDON: A new finding by scientists showing how the immune system reduces cholesterol levels could lead to heart pills as good as statins without its potentially dangerous side-effects. A discovery by British scientists could lead to improved and new heart-protecting treatments.Scientists at the University of Edinburgh have shown that cholesterol levels are suppressed by the body's immune system as part of the process that fights off viral infections.\"We have identified the immune hormone that does this. Statins are effective but crude drugs,\" professor Peter Ghazal, leader of the research team, said. \"This discovery gives the ability to be a little more refined and by being a lot more subtle in how to control the production of cholesterol you can prevent a lot of these adverse side-effects,\" Ghazal said.Statins have been hailed as a wonder drug for reducing the harmful blood fat that furs up arteries triggering tens of thousands of heart attacks and strokes that kill nearly 150,000 people every year in the United Kingdom , the 'Daily Express' reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15868311", "title": "Latehar village to be developed as cottage industry hub: DC", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Pokhree Kalan village near Belta National Park in Latehar is to be developed as an industrial hub.Stating this here on Sunday, Latehar DC Aradhna Patnayak said the village had the potential to be an industrial hub as carpet weaving is the prime source of earning among its 500 artisans. However, the DC agreed that although weaving of carpets is done here quite professionally, the woven carpets were sent to Bhadoi in Uttar Pradesh to be given the finishing touch from where these are marketed.\"This results in major loss of revenue for the carpet weavers here,\" Patnayak said.\"With funds from Integrated Action Plan (IAP) and Swarna Jayanti Gram Swaraj Yojna the carpet weavers of Pokhree Kalan will be provided with a finishing plant at the village itself so that the weavers need not send their woven carpets to Bhadoi,\" she said adding that once the carpets are given the finishing touch here, the rural economy of Betla region will get a boost.Sources said people from Bhadoi pocket the hard earned money Pokhree Kalan carpet weavers because there is no proper marketing of the carpets here.To run a carpet finishing plant enough water is needed which Pokhree Kalan does not have. In this regard, the DC said the water facility at the village would be upgraded to serve the requirement of the local carpet industry.The DC said during her recent visit to 20-25 looms she was happy to see that no child as working on the looms.\"We are working on the idea to link the carpet weaving cottage industry to Jharcraft, a state government undertaking involved in promotion of handicraft, for better and effective marketing,\" Patnayak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15854348", "title": "72-year-old dies of heart attack at police station", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 72-year-old man died allegedly of a heart attack after he was being questioned inside the Sarojini Nagar police station in a family dispute.Police said that they were trying to strike a reconciliation between two families when \u2014 Dharam Chand \u2014 suddenly complained of chest pain and was admitted at the Safdarjung Hospital. He died hours later. Chand's postmortem report stated that it was a natural death. The family have not lodged any complaint with the police in this regard.According to police, Chand, a resident of Sultanpuri, was employed with the horticulture department of the erstwhile MCD. He took early retirement several years ago.\"In 2010, Chand's two sons - Anil and Ajay - married two sisters residing in south Delhi's Netaji Nagar area. A few days ago, both girls returned to their paternal residence and approached police with dowry harassment charges against the duo. They also charged the father-in-law and mother-in-law in the FIR.\"Police then sent notice to both families to come to the police station to sort out the differences at 6 pm on Saturday. Police said it was during the exchange of words between two families that Chand complained of severe heart pain.\"Before falling sick, he claimed that he treated his daughters-in-law as his own daughters and the charges of dowry harassment marriage have pained him,'' said the officers.Police said that that they have informed the sub-divisional magistrate about the death. \"It is up to him (the sub-divisional magistrate) to decide if he will order an investigation. We have also analysed the CCTV footage of the police station to ascertain that no one was involved with the death. The doctor's opinion too supports our findings,'' said a investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15858281", "title": "Cops talk tough against owners of strays", "text": "HUBLI: Hubli-Dharwad police commissionerate has appealed to stray animal owners to take out animals from the roads of the twin cities.Saying that strays are causing accidents besides being hindrance to traffic, police have warned the owners of stray animals to rid public places of dogs. Those who don't heed will face strict action, they said. The police have also directed car owners to remove dark tint from their vehicles, and two-wheeler riders to wear helmets without fail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15858787", "title": "Gutkha ingredients too banned: FDA chief", "text": "NAGPUR: It is not just gutkha that has been banned by the state government but also its constituents that can be combined to make gutkha or pan masala. However, the ban on such ingredients seems to have got buried in the fine print of notification of Food and Drugs Administration (FDA). Enforcing the ban on such material could take some more time as the matter is in court and everyone is awaiting its decision.Food Safety Commissioner and Commissioner of FDA in the state Mahesh Zagade preferred not to answer questions on this subject here on Monday. He was in city to inaugurate a training programme on the implementation of the Food Safety and Standards Act 2006 (FSSA) that came into force last year. He also dodged questions on ban on tobacco.However, Zagade told reporters after the inaugural function that the FDA had till now seized gutkha worth Rs5-7 crore. He also stated that the FDA was making efforts to convince neighbouring states also to ban gutkha so that its smuggling could be controlled. On FSSA, Zagade said implementation of the Act in the state had already fetched Rs45 crore revenue to the state as licence fees from the food joints. He explained that the Act had provision for compensation to a person claiming any disease or damage to body through consumption from unhygienic and contaminated food. It also had provision of recall system of a batch of any food item that violated the Act.\"The Act is more of a preventive measure than penal one. It has provisions for control of anything unhealthy being consumed by people. It is targeted at improving quality of foodgrains, vegetables, fruit and cooked and packed foods,\" he said. Zagade informed that the FDA had prepared a proposal of Rs800 crore for setting up of seven stationary and 37 mobile food testing laboratories for better and faster implementation of the Act.The FDA commissioner also suggested his own administration and staff were not doing their job as desired. In his one and half-hour presentation in the inaugural session, he pointed out that the staff was not proactive, not working in mission mode, not delivering fully what was expected of it. Zagade said the administration lacked the visibility. \"Our job is to prevent damage to human body due to consumption of any contaminated food. There is nothing more precious than human life and FDA should be its biggest guardian, even more than doctors,\" he told his officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15860490", "title": "Delay in providing power connections to be probed", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission (TNERC) has ordered an inquiry by a senior technical expert into the \"inordinate delay\" in providing power connections to consumers in south and central Chennai circles.Passing suo motu orders on the issue recently, commission members K Venugopal and S Nagalsamy said there was a general complaint that power connection was not being given in time, thereby subjecting consumers to hardship. The Electricity Act, 2003 mandates that power connection should be given within a month of submission of applications, if the applicant complies with all statutory requirements.However, several instances of delay were being reported and complaints of non-compliance of rules by the utility service were on the rise, the commission noted and added that it was \"unable to understand what actually deter officials of the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation from taking timely action\". The investigation will be carried out by director (engineering) and the report has to be submitted before the commission within two months.Observing that the commission was satisfied that there was prima facie case to act against the distribution corporation, it said: \"The commission desires to know the cause for such violations so that remedial measures may be undertaken at the earliest.\" Chief engineers and other officers of the corporation in the two circles in the city have been directed to render all assistance to the investigating authority.The investigators have been authorised to employ any other person for assisting the officer in the investigation, as per the provisions of the Electricity Act.However, an appeal has been filed against the order before the appellate tribunal for electricity in New Delhi. The commission had, in an earlier order in February this year, imposed a fine of 1,000 on an executive engineer in Thanjavur for delay in replacing a defective meter.A TNEB official said: \"Most often, the delay in providing connection is caused because of non-availability of meters with the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15867196", "title": "Mum for 16 months, mom now wants her 'Jigar' back", "text": "JAIPUR: Almost 16 months after a man allegedly stuffed his \"illegitimate\" infant boy in a bag and dumped him at an isolated place in Sriganganagar, the hapless mother is now running from pillar to post to claim back the child.Regretting her boyfriend Sharad Chouhan's act, and feeling guilty, Sarika, 25, has written to the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) and the police and filed a petition in a court seeking the baby's custody.Sarika, a resident of Ghaziabad, is finding it extremely difficult to prove that she's the mother of \"Jigar\", who is currently lodged in a shelter home run by the state child welfare department here. The child was named by the home authorities. She has been asked to go through a maze of formalities including a DNA test.\"The baby had been found abandoned near a bus stop at Raisinghnagar in Sriganganagar district on April 5, 2011. As he was stuffed in a bag, his condition was quite serious. Some passersby rushed him to a hospital. An FIR was also registered against unidentified parents for dumping the baby,\" chairman of Sriganganagar child welfare committee Virendra Vaid told TOI.As per a complaint lodged with Sriganganagar police by Sarika, she came to know Sharad during her hunt for a job in Ghaziabad. \"Claiming to be the manager of a private company, Sharad assured me a job and we came closer,\" Sarika claimed in her written complaint to the Sriganganagar SP. She said that Sharad discreetely married her at a temple. \"Later, Sharad had joined another company in Dadar and Nagar Haveli where the baby was born in a government health centre,\" she said in her complaint.However, when Sarika started putting pressure on Sharad to accept her socially, he allegedly snapped ties. According to Sarika, he sent her out of their rented accommodation and disappeared with the child a few days after his birth.After getting to know that Sharad was at his native place in Raisinghnagar, she rushed there. She cornered him and wanted to know about the child whereabouts, but Sharad initially kept mum but finally gave in after much persuasion. He allegedly told her that he had dumped the child and had also seen the kid's photo in newspapers published by child welfare department. She also accused Sharad of exploiting her.\"The bag contained a feeding bottle and some clothes and the baby was almost chocking when he was found,\" said Virenda Vaid.Vaid expressed his surprise over the fact that why neither of the parents made any efforts to claim the boy then. \"We had published the baby's photos in all newspapers, however, no one came forward to claim him. They did not even lodge a missing complaint with the police,\" said Virendra Vaid.The officer said that the boy had been handed over to an NGO named Manav Bal Kalyan Samiti in Sriganganagar. \"However, recently the NGO authorities wrote to us that someone was threatening them while forcibly trying to claim the baby and the child security was in danger. Following that, we sent the boy to child welfare committee's shelter home in Jaipur a couple of months ago keeping in view his safety,\" said Vaid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15849558", "title": "Parsi enclave wins Unesco award", "text": "MUMBAI: A good-hearted initiative by the Parsi community to preserve its old architecture while securing the housing needs of poor members has earned it international recognition.Conservation architect Vikas Dilawari's restoration of Sethna Buildings in Tardeo has won the Award of Distinction in the 2012 Unesco Asia-Pacific Awards for Cultural Heritage Conservation. A total of 43 entries were received from 11 countries.Located near Tulsiwadi, Sethna is a 100-year-old enclave of five residential buildings that house poor Parsis. The tenants pay small sums ranging from Re 1 to a few hundreds every month as rent. They are happy the building trust chose not to rebuild afresh for that would have raised property tax and other levies beyond their means.Dilawari gives credit to the Garib Zarthostiyona Rehethan Fund trust that opted to repair these buildings rather than demolish them.\"We firmly believe that even if we cannot contribute anything to our heritage, we can at least preserve what we have inherited,\" says Muncherji Cama, honorary secretary of the trust. Cyrus Unwalla was contracted to execute the project.The trust has repaired over 45 residential properties across Dadar, Bombay Central and Tardeo. Families were given alternate housing within its estates and did not have to pay a penny towards shifting or repair.The newly reconstituted Mumbai Heritage Conservation Committee is considering incentives for residents who choose to conserve rather than rebuild heritage properties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15853373", "title": "Delhi University Teachers\u2019 Association firm on 24-hour strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University Teachers' Association (DUTA) is going ahead with the 24-hour hunger strike by its executive committee as planned, despite the university threatening that their pay will be cut and that it would affect their service record. They will start the strike at 9am on Tuesday. A statement by DUTA says the Registrar, from whose office the response to the strike was issued, \"does not have the right, statutory or even conventional, to issue such letters\".The association wrote to the vice-chancellor, saying that the strike has been \"forced by (his) intransigent will to evade any dialogue with DUTA towards an amicable resolution of their long-standing concerns, despite repeated and cordial appeals made to (his) office\". They say the VC is \"inaccessible\" and \"prefers to run the varsity by abusing emergency powers\".The statement adds that while the VC paints a \"rosy picture of 'innovation' and success for Delhi University\", he has refused to fill almost 4,000 teaching posts lying vacant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15858570", "title": "Yadapadithaya new registrar of Mangalore University", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore University has a new registrar in Palale Subrahmanya Yadapadithaya. The registrar (evaluation) prior to this appointment, Yadapadithaya replaces K Chinnappa Gowda, former head of the department of post-graduate studies in Kannada in the university. The government as per schedule 17 of Karnataka Universities Act 2000 has also appointed B Narayana, professor, department of chemistry, as the new registrar (evaluation) in his place.Yadapadithaya hailing from Kokkada of Belthangady taluk obtained MCom degree from Mangalore University in 1982 securing first rank and a gold medal. With three decades of PG teaching experience at the PG department at Mangalagangotri, he has successfully supervised 16 PhD scholars.Yadapadithaya is the recipient of national and international awards for his contribution to commerce teaching and research. In addition to his teaching and research work, Yadapadithaya held the additional responsibility of finance officer of Mangalore University for three and half years and registrar (evaluation), Mangalore University, for nearly three years prior to his elevation.Badiadka Narayana was chairman of board of examiners in chemistry and board of studies in industrial chemistry prior to his appointment. He obtained his MSc degree from the University of Calicut with distinction and III rank.He joined Mangalore University in 1984 to carry out research in chemistry under the guidance of MR Gajendragad.He was appointed as lecturer in chemistry in 1988. He obtained his PhD degree in 1990. He has successfully guided 19 PhD and 6 MPhil candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "15880469", "title": "HI wants to finalize bilateral series, claims under-fire PHF", "text": "LAHORE: Under tremendous pressure following Pakistan hockey team's seventh place finish at the London Olympics, the PHF on Tuesday tried to deflect the criticism by claiming that Hockey India had invited them to formalize a regular bilateral hockey series between the two countries.\"Yes Hockey India wants us to meet them and finalize details for regular home and away bilateral series,\" Pakistan Hockey Federation secretary, Asif Bajwa said.Bajwa said he along with PHF President Qasim Zia would visit India next month for this purpose.\"The series may be resumed early next year but we are keen to have India play in Pakistan first as it would help in the revival of international hockey in the country,\" he added.However, Zafarullah Khan, who has filed a petition in the Supreme Court asking for a complete review of the reasons which led to the Pakistan contingents shoddy performance in the Olympics, said first the PHF officials needed to answer for the shame in London.\"Before going to India they must be accountable to the nation for what they have done to improve the sport in the last four years,\" Khan said.Khan in his petition has said that \"Nepotism, favoritism, corruption has destroyed Pakistan's participation in the Olympic games.\"Yes I have said this in my petition because our sports system is in shambles because of corruption, nepotism and favoritism and we don't even have a proper workable sports policy after so many years.\"Pakistan, the sixth most populous nation in the world with 180 million people returned empty handed from London despite high hopes from the hockey team.It's hockey team, returned with a seventh place finish, while its lone shooter, two sprinters and swimmers were knocked out in the preliminaries. Pakistan has won 10 Olympic medals to date -- eight of them in hockey. Their last medal came at the 1992 Barcelona Games.Khan called the lack of medals \"shameful\" and termed it a \"national crisis\" for which a judicial inquiry was needed.\"If there was any medal for corruption and begging in the Olympics [Pakistan] could have won all three places,\" he added.Former Olympians, Samiullah, Islahuddin, Shahnaz Sheikh, Qamar Zia, Qamar Ibrahim, Ayaz Mehmood, Rasheedul Hassan, Hasan Sardar Naved Alam, Mohammad Saqlain etc have also called for the PHF officials to resign themselves or face a movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15854427", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations: Mandal workers could get policing rights", "text": "PUNE: Police commissioner Gulabrao Pol said he is considering a proposal to give policing rights to corporators and workers of Ganesh mandals for better coordination during the 10-day festival which starts September 19.There are around 3,000 Ganesh mandals in the city. \"The need to keep extra vigil during Ganesh festival cannot be stressed more. We are considering giving policing rights to corporators and two workers from each mandal,\" said Pol during an interaction with Ganesh mandal workers, organised by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Monday.Pol said the need for such an arrangement was felt due to extreme workload on the police department during festivals. \"Using my powers as commissioner, I can give policing rights to common people. We believe it will help register offences against people involved in unlawful activities during the festival,\" he said.Mayor Vaishali Bankar said that party and Ganesh mandal workers should join hands with the police to ensure law and order during festival time. She also urged mandals to install CCTV cameras.PMC commissioner Mahesh Pathak said the civic administration will improve the CCTV network in the city. \"The proposal of installing cameras has been forwarded to the state home ministry. After the approval, tendering process will be carried out and installation will begin,\" he said.Deputy commissioner of police (DCP) Makarand Ranade said that better coordination among mandals during the immersion will help finish the procession early. \"Very few mandals take out their procession from key roads such as Laxmi Road between 2.40 pm and 7 pm. These mandals wait till evening, which results in more processions on roads after evening. Mandals that don't have lighting as decoration, can take out their procession during day.\"Mandals said they should be allotted more advertisement arcs. At present, the police and the PMC have set a limit of two arcs but mandal workers want it to be increased to four.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15850832", "title": "Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority directed to maintain Hitex lake", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hitex lake will now be taken care of by the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA). The lake located inside Hitex, along the road leading to Hyderabad International Convention Centre (HICC), that will host COP 11, is not being maintained properly and sewage is flowing into it. Senior state officials visited the site on Monday and directed HMDA to take up its maintenance and beautification.The hotel was responsible for maintaining the lake but since it failed to do so, officials said the state government has entrusted the HMDA with the maintenance work. The Times of India had highlighted the lake's poor condition in its columns on August 23.On Monday, senior officials from different departments, including the municipal corporation, the urban development authority and the city police wings visited HICC and Novotel and inspected the area in and around the premises.Chief secretary Minnie Mathew directed all the departments to work in coordination and speed up the preparation as the event is fast approaching.Stating that hosting the event is a prestigious matter for the government, officials said Rs 450 crore is being spent by the state to carry out the necessary preparation and Rs 100 crore on the museum and biodiversity park coming up at Gachibowli.Despite heavy rain, GHMC and other departments have taken up the works on war-footing basis and it will be completed by the end of this month, assured M Samuel, special chief secretary, government of Andhra Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15870301", "title": "Kydganj area presents festering picture of utter civic ignorance", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The area of Kydganj presents a festering picture of utter civic neglect and that too when the Dadhikando Mela of Kydganj is slated to be organised on August 29. The roads of the area are in dilapidated condition and piles of garbage are strewn in different corners of the locality. The whole civic amenities have touched its nadir in the area.The roads, lanes and bylanes criss-crossing this locality are in bad shape for the past several months and the Allahabad Municipal Corporation authorities have not undertaken any steps for initiating repair of the damaged roads. These roads are full of potholes and one has to be very careful while moving on the roads.The sanitary workers do not come regularly in the locality for undertaking cleaning of the area.Speaking about the condition of the road, Mohan Jaitely, resident of the Kydganj said: \"The road is full of potholes and one has to be very careful while traversing on this road lest he falls. The continuous rain has also resulted into the deterioration of the road s.Mayor of the city Abhilasha Gupta Nandi along with corporator of the area Kiran Jaiswal also inspected the Kydganj locality. Mayor gave instructions for cleaning of the drains that is filled with silt. She also insisted for providing the civic amenities so that procession can be taken out during the Dadhikando Mela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15864663", "title": "Teen rape victim claims culprits videotaped act", "text": "NASHIK: In a new twist to the alleged rape case of a 16-year-old in the Chetana Nagar, the victim has claimed that the entire act was filmed by the culprits.Cops said that the victim has however not informed which any particular gadget was used for the filming. The victim has also denied that the culprits used cell phones.They who did not wanted to be quoted said that only after receiving the medical report of the victim will they be able to draw an exact picture.On Monday, the police said that there were were discrepancies in the statements given by the victim and her elder sister. The two girls were at the jogging track near Chetana Nagar from where the victim claimed that from there onwards, she accompanied her elder sister to the latter's coaching class. However, the victim's elder sister did not comply with squashed the claim of her younger sister.The Indira Nagar police said that initially the victim claimed that she had been to her coaching class.However, investigations by the Indira Nagar police found that the victim's elder sister had not been to the coaching class since four days. The victim later said that she sat in a temple for about an hour. However, the priest of the concerned temple does not recollect if the girl had come to the temple.With the police not being able to collect the exact sequence of events, psychiatric help for the victim has been sought to get information on her of the events that took place on the day she was alleged rape in a moving vehicle on Wednesday.Meanwhile, a few women corporators from the city objected to the police's style of functioning with respect to the case wherein, innocent youngsters of the area are picked up for enquiry, but the real culprits are still at large.The girl was allegedly kidnapped and raped by three persons while on her way to a coaching class. tuition classes. The next day a case of rape was registered with the Indiranagar police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15849492", "title": "Plan to curb railway track deaths gets state nod", "text": "MUMBAI: In a major boost to efforts to curb death on tracks, the state government has approved the trespassing control project to be implemented by Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation (MRVC) at a cost of Rs 110 crore.The project includes construction of 31 foot overbridges (FOBs), a subway at Khar and a road overbridge at Thakurli besides installation of six escalators and five elevators.A senior MRVC official said, \"The next step is to seek the ministry of finance's approval as the project will be funded by World Bank, which has conveyed its in-principle nod for the plan.\"MRVC has a $430-million loan agreement with World Bank for rail infrastructure upgradation projects. After placing orders for 72 Bombardier rakes at a cost of $110 million, the MRVC hopes to use the surplus money to fund its trespassing control project.\"Once the ministry's department of economic affairs approves our request, a proposal will be sent to World Bank, seeking a nod to let MRVC to use the money for trespassing control project,\" the official added.The escalators, FOBs and elevators will come up at critical spots that have been identified by J J School of Architecture. The project also includes plan to decongest platforms, improving access to them and providing barricades/green patches between tracks. Based on mortality ratio, critical spots have been identified at stations\u2014Kandivli, Borivli, Bhayander, Vasai Road, Nalasopara and Dadar (Western and Central) on WR and Kurla, Kanjurmarg, Thane, Thakurli and Kurla on Central Railway.More than 3,500 people die on the city's railway tracks due to reasons including trespassing, over-crowding, roof-top travelling and falling in gaps between platforms and trains at stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15870179", "title": "Railways plan to curb cellphone menace", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Showing concern over increasing number of complaints regarding talking loudly on mobile phones by passengers and irritating sound of objectionable ring tones buzzing inside the coaches which affect the comfort level of fellow passengers, the Railway Board has decided to create awareness among people through mass media and public address system at the stations.In this connection, director, passenger marketing in the Railway Board Monica Agnihotri has written letters to all chief commercial managers of Indian Railways including North Central Railway. The number of letter is 2012/TG-V/19/02 dated July 23.The letter states that the matter has been examined by Board and with a view to making the use of mobile phone annoyance free to other passengers, inside the compartment, it has been decided that passengers be educated about the adverse impact on the comfort of fellow passengers of such usage.It is pertinent to mention that there were large number of complaints regarding talking loudly on cell phones, long conversations by the passengers and sound of objectionable ring tones buzzing inside the enclosed space of coaches, especially inside AC coaches.This effects the comfort level of other passengers and has been brought to the notice of the Board from time to time.The letter mentions that as long conversations, talking loudly on phones and buzzing of ring tones having questionable contents in high volume disturb co-passengers, the co-operation of the passengers should be solicited to keep their mobiles on silent/vibration mode or the ringtone at low volume and also to avoid talking loudly and make their conversation shorts as far as possible by making announcement through Public Address System, wherever the same is available. Further, stickers should be displayed in coaches, especially AC coaches.Talking to TOI, chief public relations officer of North Central Railway Sandeep Mathur informed that the zone would undertake awareness drive among the passengers that they should use mobile phones in such a way that it should not cause problems to the fellow passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15867003", "title": "20% rise in banking complaints", "text": "JAIPUR: The office of Banking Ombudsman (OBO) -- Banking Lokpal, Rajasthan -- has registered a 20% rise in the complaints for 2011-12 than previous year. Most complaints came from Jaipur while most of it was against State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (SBJJ). However, Banking Lokpal which came into practice in 1995 for bringing about transparency is yet to be a hit among customers.Banking Ombudsman is a system meant to safeguard interests of customers. Customers who feel that they are being cheated or have any issues with the bank's practices can avail this forum. But lack of public awareness is a major concern.The SBJJ, with 1008 complaints, tops the list. It is followed by State Bank of India (SBI) which has 767 complaints. ICICI bank logs in with 402 complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15854506", "title": "Delhi University proposes special aid for disabled", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University is planning a number of initiatives like free transportation, subsidized housing and assistive devices for students admitted under the physically handicapped category.Although the number of students admitted under this category is far less than the 1,500 seats reserved for it at the undergraduate level, the university has seen a gradual increase in PH admissions. The 2012-13 admission season has admitted a record 500 students.DU is in talks with Delhi Metro and DTC for free transport facilities to these students. The university is also working on a plan for subsidized housing facility for them and has decided to give these students free assistive devices to help them in higher studies. \"We would like to give electronic, GPS-enabled devices to help their movement. Devices like a scanner that can scan and convert texts to sound can be of great help to them. We are planning to give these devices free of cost and hopefully by the end of this semester, we can start distributing them,\" said DU vice chancellor Dinesh Singh.Many colleges have hiked the hostel fees for the second consecutive year. \"Besides making the hostel friendly for the disabled, the fees also need to be subsidized as many such students come from financially weak background. The DU administration, while talking to the colleges for subsidized hostel fees, is also mulling over creating exclusive accommodation facilities for them,\" said Bipin Tiwari, deputy dean, students' welfare, PH category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15853470", "title": "Meghalaya ministers meet Patil over northeast natives\u2019 safety", "text": "MUMBAI: Concerned over the security of migrants from the northeast in Mumbai, Pune and other parts of Maharashtra in the wake of the Assam violence, three ministers from Meghalaya met home minister R R Patil on Monday to take stock of the situation and measures taken by the police to allay their fears.Ministers Ampareen Lyngdoh (urban affairs), Abu Taher Mondal (power) and Alexander Hek (information technology), along with former Lok Sabha speaker P A Sangma's close relative Vilas Kamthe, called on Patil and additional chief secretary (home) Amitabh Rajan at Mantralaya.The delegation had earlier visited Pune. While Patil and Rajan were not available for comment, Kamthe\u2014who is associated with the NGO Seven Sisters Welfare Trust\u2014said: \"Fearing sporadic attacks in the near future, the delegation requested Patil to provide adequate security in areas with a sizeable population of northeast natives. Rajan even gave his number and asked the delegation members to contact him when needed,\" Kamthe said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15857419", "title": "Gen Liang's visit hopes to rekindle India, China defence ties", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and China aim to put their fledgling defence relationship back on track, with stepped-up military exchanges, confidence-building measures and another \"hand-in-hand\" bilateral army exercise next year, when Chinese defence minister General Liang Guanglie visits here next week.This is the highest-level visit by a Chinese defence official to India in the last seven years, even though the 71-year-old Gen Liang is likely to step aside in the planned leadership transition in the Communist Party of China slated for October-November. \"With China itself requesting the visit, it's a significant step towards repairing the cracks in bilateral defence ties,\" said an official.India is rolling out the red carpet for the delegation headed by Gen Liang for the visit, which will begin from Mumbai on September 2 and culminate in talks with defence minister A K Antony here on September 5.The first two hand-in-hand exercises, at Kunming (China) in 2007 and Belgaum (Karnataka) in 2008, were seen as a major CBM between the world's largest and second-largest armies despite being largely symbolic in nature with just over 100 soldiers participating from each side.But the third edition got derailed due to hiccups in bilateral ties. India froze all bilateral defence exchanges after China denied a proper visa to the then Northern Army commander Lt-General B S Jaswal in July, 2010 on the ground that he was commanding forces in the \"disputed and sensitive\" region of Jammu &amp; Kashmir.There has been a thaw since then, with the two sides exchanging some middle-rung defence delegations even though China continues to refuse visas to Indian military personnel from Arunachal Pradesh.Moreover, Chinese troops continue to needle Indian forces all along the unresolved 4,057-km Line of Actual Control (LAC), having notched up as many as 550 \"transgressions\" into Indian territory since January, 2010.Now, the two sides hope the new bilateral boundary coordination mechanism, which became operational earlier this year after being inked at the 15th round of border talks between national security advisor Shivshankar Menon and his Chinese counterpart Dai Bingguo, will help prevent border face-offs.There is also the move to shift the proposed border personnel meeting (BPM) mechanism at Lipulekh in the middle sector to the nearby Mana Pass, which allows easier access to both sides, to follow the ones operational at Nathu La, Bumla, Spanggur and Kibithu-Damai.India, of course, remains concerned at China's massive build-up of military infrastructure all along the LAC, with five airbases, an extensive rail network and over 58,000-km of roads, as well as the series of combat exercises being conducted by the People's Liberation Army (PLA) in the high-altitude Qinghai-Tibet Plateau. PLA has been regularly testing its Sukhoi-27UBK, Sukhoi-30MKK and J-10 fighters as well as rapid reaction forces and airborne corps in Tibet over the last two-three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15861067", "title": "Jayarajan gets bail in Shukkoor case", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala high court on Monday granted bail to CPI(M) Kannur district secretary P Jayarajan, arrested in connection with the murder of IUML activist Abdul Shukkoor in February.Justice Babu P Mathew Joseph granted the bail and directed Jayarajan to furnish a bond of Rs 25,000 and two sureties.The high court turned down the prosecution plea to restrain Jayarajan, arrested on August 1, from entering Kannur.The court observed that since the investigation has been completed and final report filed there was no need for the detention of the petitioner. The court directed Jayarajan not to influence witnesses and directly or indirectly threaten anyone connected with the case. Jayarajan was released on bail on Monday itself. tnn | P 5The charge sheet in the case was filed in a lower court in Kannur on August 23 listing 33 accused, all of whom are either CPI(M) workers or supporters.While Jayarajan and T V Rajesh, MLA, have been charged under section 118 of the IPC for not trying to prevent the murder even after getting information on the conspiracy.Shukkoor was murdered on February 20 at Keezharara in Kannur.This is the second bail plea of Jayarajan as his earlier application was dismissed by Justice S S Sateeshchandran on August 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "15859523", "title": "Court extends hearing date in Ramdev aide cheating case", "text": "DEHRADUN: A CBI special court on Monday fixed November 7 as the next date of hearing in a cheating case involving Balkrishna, a close aide of yoga guru Baba Ramdev, on an appeal made by Balkrishna's advocate that more time was needed to finish paperwork. Balkrishna is on bail in a case involving use of fake documents to obtain a passport.A case of cheating and criminal conspiracy was registered against Balkrishna in July 2011 for violating section 15 of the Indian Passport Act, by allegedly furnishing fake documents to get a passport from Bareilly in 1998.The CBI had filed a chargesheet against Balkrishna and also charged Naresh Chand, a principal of Sanskrit Mahavidayala, in Uttar Pradesh's Khurja district, with forging educational certificates for Balkrishna for a passport.Balkrishna was arrested from Haridwar on July 20 on a non-bailable warrant after he failed to comply with Uttarakhand high court's order to surrender. He was released from Delhradun's Sudhowala jail on August 17, a day after being granted bail by the Uttrakhand high court. Co-accused Chand is still in jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15864383", "title": "Potholes fill up Lebad-Manpur road", "text": "INDORE: The Ahmedabad-Mumbai and Ajmer-Mumbai highway passing through Lebad in Dhar and Manpur in Indore is in a bad shape full of potholes and even the newly built culverts and over-bridges along the highway have developed cracks. The 34.3 km Lebad-Manpur section of the four lane road has been constructed recently under the Build Operate Transfer (BOT) basis.Surprisingly, the road have turned into potholes within months of its completion.The work for this 34.3 kilometre long road from Lebad (on Indore- Dhar road) to Manpur (on Agra- Bombay road) started in October 2010 byValecha Engineering Pvt Ltd that executed the project started work in October 2010 and completed it by November 2011. The road that passes through major villages such as Khedi Seod, Sagdi, Bagdi, Digthan, Narayanpura and Durjanpura has 38 culverts, 8 major bridges (including one at Khedi Seod is about half a kilometre long) and two flyovers to bypass the villages. The total cost of the road is about Rs 220 crores which the company will be collecting as toll tax from the commuters in a 15 year time span.As soon as one enters from Manpur or Lebad, the drive is a nightmare. Also, the side walls and iron side railings of many bridges and culverts have been badly damaged and developed deep cracks.Shakeel, a farmer of Debutalai village and Vikram Singh Thakur of Durjanpura village told TOI that the road had started breaking down even before the monsoon. The villagers repeatedly pointed about poor workmanship of the road but every time patch work was done. The MPRDC officials also failed to take proper action the same, he added.Majid Qureshi, manager of the BOT company told TOI, \"The damage to the road has been due to rains.\" He admitted that many culverts and bridges have been damaged in the rains. They all will be repaired soon, he added.PD Vaishya, the Indore region manager of Madhya Pradesh Road Development Corporation (MPRDC) said that he has come to know about the cracks and damages on the road and assured that they would be repaired soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15867631", "title": "Flesh trade racket busted; 6 held", "text": "MOHALI: A flesh trade racket, which was being run from Phase XI since three months, was busted on Sunday night. Six of its members, including two women, were arrested and produced in district courts. On Monday, they were sent to 14-day judicial custody.The mastermind , Jaswinder Singh, was running the racket from a rented accommodation. His three other accomplices have been identified as Manjeet Singh, Mohammed of Sirhind, Punjab, and Anil Kumar, alias Bobby, of Ambala district. The two arrested women are residents of Ambala district.Inspector Harjinder Singh, who raided the place, said, \"A decoy customer was sent and a deal was fixed at Rs 1,000. A tout had taken the money and handed over Rs 500 to a woman.\" The house owner has been summoned. He will be asked if he had got the tenant verification done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15859280", "title": "Petitioner rapped for two-timing courts", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has rapped a litigant and imposed an exemplary cost of Rs 50,000 on him for having filed a PIL in the high court and obtaining a stay order too suppressing the fact that an identical suit filed by him was still pending in a lower court.A division bench of Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice M Venugopal, dismissed the petition filed by C Mohamed Zubair Saheb, who had filed the PIL against the Vaniyambadi Muslim Educational Society , and directed him pay the cost to the Tamil Nadu State Legal Services Authority within two weeks.While seeking a stay on the operation of a notice issued by the Muslim society to discuss an amendment made to its, Saheb consequently wanted the court to direct the society to hold the general body meeting pertaining to transfer of assets and liabilities of the society in strict adherence to rules.Writing the judgment for the bench, Justice Elipe Dharma Rao said it had been brought to the notice of the court that for the same relief, an application was filed before the District Munsif court at Vaniyambadi. After the dismissal of the application on June 28, and while the suit is still pending, Saheb filed the present PIL on July 3 and obtained an interim stay of the operation of the notice with regard to the convening of the general body meeting.\"Therefore, we are of the considered view that the petitioner wants to maintain parallel proceedings for the same relief -- one before the court of District Munsif and another before this court. Moreover, the petitioner has filed the present petition and has obtained interim stay by suppressing the fact of filing an interlocutory application before the District Munsif and the ultimate dismissal of the said application.This shows that the petitioner has come to court with unclean hands. By virtue of filing this petition, the petitioner has stalled the general body meeting of the society, which was scheduled to be held on July 8. Therefore, to prevent filing of this sort of frivolous petitions in the name of PIL, we impose cost of Rs 50,000 to the petitioner\", the order read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15859367", "title": "Wild water chase for wild asses", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The coming days are going to be tough for wildlife in Gujarat. The Gir lions in the sanctuary are taken care of, when it comes to arrangements for water, but in far-flung areas of Kutch, Surendranagar and parts of Rajkot and Patan districts, scanty rain has forced wild asses to venture out in search of water.The Wild Ass sanctuary has only 150-odd waterholes spread across 4,953.70 sq km. Officials said that this is apart from the 125-odd natural water resources. However, over 80% of natural water resources have dried up, and the remainder too will dry out soon.The sanctuary has sizeable populations of chinkara, leopard and hyena apart from over 4,500 wild ass and 50 wolves.Officials said Kutch district has received only 4% of its usual annual rainfall so far. Surendranagar has got just 19% while Patan received 30%.A senior officer, who asked not to be named, said that not just humans, animals too have began moving out in search of water and fodder. With natural sources drying, the forest department was forced to fill up artificial ponds.\"We do not have facilities to fill these ponds directly, using the wind or solar power and have to use water tankers. We are taking all measures to protect the wildlife,\" said Chief Conservator of Forest (Kutch) D K Sharma.However, another senior officer said the department was only reaching out to animals within the sanctuary, but over 40% of wild ass and chinkara are outside the sanctuary and no one will care for these animals. These are going further out in search of fodder and water.Officials said that wild asses have reached Bajana-Patdi in Surendranagar in search of water. This is their natural corridor area. He did not rule out the possibility of these wild asses reaching thse areas of Nal Sarovar lake in Surendranagar district.He also said that the incidents of man-animal conflict would definitely increase in the coming days as animals venture out in search of water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15854329", "title": "Leaders insist on scrutiny of draft DP", "text": "PUNE: The state town planning department's warning to the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) that the draft Development Plan (DP) for old city areas be prepared by April 2013 has upset political parties.With the department saying that it would complete the process on its own if the deadline was not adhered to, political leaders have opposed the move to \"push through\" the plan and have demanded more time to study, discuss and debate the DP and make amendments.In a letter to municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak, state town planning director S S Suklikar had said, \"If the PMC does not publish the draft DP by April 4, 2013, the divisional deputy director of town planning or an officer appointed by him will complete the further process. The PMC should publish the DP before the given deadline.\"The state directive comes at a time when the new draft DP spanning 2007-2027 for the old city is stuck as the civic administration and elected representatives do not see eye-to-eye over bringing the document into public domain. Deprived of copies, elected representatives have accused the civic administration of being \"secretive\" about the draft DP. The civic administration, on the other hand, has said copies are not being made public fearing \"political pressure\" to make changes in the proposed reservation of land for amenities.\"We want transparency in the entire DP approval process, but the state government wants to push through the draft DP. It is undemocratic and authoritarian to ignore the opposition and popular sentiments on vital issues. Till date, the corporators have not received copies of the draft DP which is being discussed by the City Improvement Committee (CIC). In this situation, the town planning department wants to impose the deadline to publish the DP. This step by the government is illegal and undemocratic,\" said Bharatiya Janata Party city unit chief and corporator Vikas Mathkari. He demanded that all party corporators should get sufficient time to study the draft.A development plan lays out policies and proposals for the development and use of land in the city. It is meant to guide decisions on whether development permission should be granted under the development control rules. The decisions must be consistent and match the development plan adopted by the authority, after public consultation.Congress corporator Aba Bagul said, \"The draft DP prepared by the civic administration has loopholes and whatever information we have received about it is dismaying. The general body (GB) has to incorporate many reservations and rules in the draft DP. The draft DP will be GB's property only after it is approved by the CIC. We need to keep in mind that this is the development plan for the next 20 years and corporators cannot decide on it within a few months.\"Bagul added that the state government cannot compel the GB to approve the draft DP within a given frame of time. \"The GB will take its own time to study and approve it,\" he said.It may be noted that Pune's first DP was drafted in 1982, approved in 1987 and was supposed to expire in 1997. However, only 20% of the DP was executed, so a 10-year extension was granted. When the expiry date approached again in 2007, the civic body sought another extension from the state government and a new deadline of December 2010 was set. However, the civic administration submitted the draft copy of the DP to the CIC only in December 2011.Civic activist Vijay Kumbhar said the PMC has already lost five vital years since the DP is for 2007 to 2027. He fears that by the time the state government approves it, the plan will become defunct, considering changing dynamics of rapid urbanisation in the city.Congress MLC Mohan Joshi said, \"While approving the DP, the PMC has to consult all party leaders and experts. Though the draft DP is being prepared for a period of 20 years, we have to keep an eye on 2050, when Pune will emerge as a major metropolitan city. The CIC should not hurry to approve the DP. Instead all party leaders should be consulted at the CIC level. Also, if the DP is approved in a hurry, we will launch an agitation.\" He said issues like hilltop and hill slope construction in areas like Bibvewadi, canal road transfer of development rights and external road network of the city need to be discussed in details.Meanwhile, CIC chairman and Nationalist Congress Party corporator Chetan Tupe said the civic administration had submitted the draft DP to the CIC in December 2011. The civic elections were slated for February 2012, hence no decision was taken on it. The new CIC was constituted after the elections and started functioning only in March. \"We will not delay the approval to the draft DP. The committee has completed its work and the DP is likely to be approved this week.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15859913", "title": "Intensify research on 'poovan' variety, farmers tell NRCB", "text": "TRICHY: The working president of Cauvery Delta Farmers' Welfare Association, Mahadanapuram V Rajaram on Monday appealed to the scientists of NRCB to intensify research on the 'poovan' banana variety, as the soil in the region was more conducive to such a crop. Instead of changing over to other varieties like 'nei poovan, rasthali, karpuravalli' and 'nenthran', the quality of 'poovan' must be enhanced through tissue culture. \"This is because, it is the only variety that can withstand the flippant weather conditions,\" he told a meeting of NRCB officials called to honour six banana farmers who had achieved greater results.Advocating ways and means to enhance the quality of 'poovan' (which according to them has many medicinal, especially digestive properties), Rajaram said it was ideal in distress situations of delayed monsoon and the government should ensure quality seed and the saleability of the yield. \"We are always gambling with nature and no one could say decisively which soil was conducive to what crop,\" he opined.The banana farmers also lamented that they were not covered by the national agricultural insurance scheme (NAIS). However, sources in the horticulture department, Trichy, told TOI that the extension wing of the department was planning to implement the NAIS as a pilot project at the block-level of five districts in the state and Trichy was not included in it for the time being. If the implementation programme succeeded, it will be extended to the rest of the districts in the state, they revealed. The farmers demanded that those who had paid the premium should be given the entire estimated cost of the yield and not just the expenditure of planting the crop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15859576", "title": "Police use batons to beat up peaceful gathering of applicants at Gujarat Housing Board office in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: They queued up for hours together, dreaming of a home of their own. Instead, they got showered with baton strikes and blows.Many people, aspiring to own a house, queued up outside Gujarat Housing Board (GHB) office at Naranpura since Sunday evening. On Monday morning, not only had they to return empty-handed, but were driven off by police's lathis. A woman was injured in the melee.The GHB office began witnessing a rush of home seekers after a rumour began circulating that the board would issue application forms, on Monday. The crowd swelled to 3,000 by the morning and police resorted to a mild lathi-charge when crowd got impatient to collect the forms and refused to leave even when they were told that the form distribution had not begun.However, last week GHB officials had hinted of starting the process to take applications for soon-to-be launched housing schemes. GHB is in the last stage of planning to launch seven housing projects with around 6,300 units in Ahmedabad, Rajkot, Surat and Vadodara.\"We had made no announcement about distribution of forms. We believe somebody played mischief with people's sentiments. It's upsetting that police had to resort to a lathi-charge,\" said GHB chairman Jayantilal Barot. He said GHB officials were asked to get to office early after reports of the crowd gathering came in early in the morning.\"Officials came reported at 7 am and tried to convince people that no forms would be distributed on the day. However, the refused to go back,\" said Barot.Officials said that after the crowd was told that GHB is yet to print the forms, people got frustrated and police carried out a mild lathi-charge to prevent any untoward incident.\"I learnt that GHB will start distributing forms for those seeking a house on Monday from a friend. I came here on Sunday evening and found a couple of others in queue. Many of us spent our night at the park opposite GHB's office. However, on Monday morning, authorities told us they are not distributing forms which agitated many of those in the queue,\" said Vijay Panchal, who stood in line for over 12 hours, hoping to get an application.GHB come in the line of fire after lakhs of people applied for Congress' electoral promise, 'Ghar nu Ghar', a scheme promising a house for every homeless housewife in the state. It became an instant hit with almost 30 lakh forms distributed across the state in just a few days. In the last 14 years, GHB has announced no new housing scheme, stating that there was no demand for affordable housing. Shaken by the public response to the scheme, the state government activated GHB.Condemning the incident, senior Congress leader Narhari Amin, said, \"For 12 long years, GHB has done nothing under the BJP rule. If there was development in the state, which Narendra Modi projects, then there would not be such queues outside GHB office.\"The city police officials had a tough time containing the ever-increasing crowd at the Gujarat Housing Board office in Naranpura. According to sources, police officials on patrol early on Monday morning saw nearly 1,500 persons gathered at the spot. \"When they questioned the people, they told them that they were standing in line to get forms. The cops bought the explanation and returned. However, when the matter worsened, around 9.30 am, a team went back to the spot and inquired with the officials at the board. They were told that there was no such scheme,\" said a Naranpura police official.D M Jadeja, inspector of Naranpura police station, said that when police asked the crowd to disperse, it had the opposite effect. \"The public thought the police were clearing the spot so others could benefit, and that they would be left out. Thus, in addition to the existing crowd, people kept pouring in and refused to leave,\" he said. Officials said that two teams of 10 personnel each were sent on the spot.A commotion took place more than twice, with women and senior citizens being trampled. EMRI 108 officials told TOI that a woman had to be rushed to Civil Hospital for treatment.V Chandrasekhar, deputy commissioner of police, Zone I, reached the spot in the afternoon and spoke to the would-be applicants. \"We asked the personnel not to use force and communicate with the citizens. We managed to disperse the crowd by early afternoon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15852955", "title": "Film producer held for fraud after 5 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 45-year-old film producer, who allegedly cheated his business partner and fled to Mumbai five years ago, was arrested from Malviya Nagar.The accused, Ajay Yadav, whose film 'Overtime' \u2014 produced and directed by him \u2014 was released recently, was arrested on Friday on a tip off, said Ajay Chaudhury, additional commissioner of police (southeast).Yadav was declared a proclaimed offender in two cases of cheating registered against him in 2001 and 2002. He was accused of cheating by his partner RK Wadhwa. Yadav had allegedly forged share certificates and sold them illegally. A case of stealing a cheque book and misusing was also lodged against him by Wadhwa .Yadav, who belongs to Mathura, is a Commerce graduate who came to Delhi in 1998 to start a business of exporting vegetables and fruits to West Asia. \"He started cheating his partner by misappropriating amounts through forged signatures on cheques. He duped several other people also. He absconded from Delhi in 2007 and moved to Andheri West in Mumbai. There he pretended to be an exporter. During questioning, he told us that two more of his films are in progress,\" Chaudhury said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "15863786", "title": "Darjeeling stalls razed after 40 years", "text": "DARJEELING: Shop owners on Nehru Road below the Chowrasta, a popular market place in Darjeeling, started dismantling their stalls from Monday to make way for a parking lot to be built by a private firm.Initially, 42 shop owners were expected to take a hit by the construction of the parking lot, but it is learnt that all the 182 stall owners have now decided to vacate the area.Stall owners have taken the initiative of the Darjeeling Municipality directing them to remove the illegal shopswith a pinch of salt citing they had been doing business since 1971 when the Hills were warming up to the consistent tourist flow.\"We have been doing business here since the Seventies. All of us (stall owners) sustain our families by selling goods. How will we survive without our shops now?\" said Pema Lhamu Sherpa, who sells shawls and winter garments on the stretch just below the place where the parking lot is expected to come up.The parking lot will be built by Planter's Club on its own premises that overlooks several stalls. All though in the eye of the storm, the club officials have refused to comment on the issue.The municipality has asked the stall owners, who have built their structures over the drains, to remove their shops. Though the dismantling drive was expected to start from August 13, it was stalled due to resistance from the shop owners.The municipality has assured to provide alternative spot to the owners to put up their stalls.On Monday, the stall owners started dismantling their shops. Initially, 42 shop owners were expected to take a hit by the construction of the parking lot, but it is learnt that all the 182 stall owners have now decided to vacate.The shops are a huge draw with the tourists. Shops sell gift items, winter clothing, souvenirs and traditional Nepali dresses.Since the stalls are located along the stretch from Keventer's to Chowrasta, it is convenient for the owners to sell their goods without hassles.\"We have been told that we will be relocated to some place of which we are not aware. It will be very difficult to showcase our goods and sell if we are given a vague location,\" said a stall owner.Several meetings have been held between the district administration, the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) and GJM chief Bimal Gurung to settle the issue. \"The stall owners had agreed to vacate initially but don't know what happened. We know that the issue of livelihood is there. But we have plans to rehabilitate them too,\" said a senior official on conditions of anonymity. In fact, municipality officials and the administration held a meeting on Monday with the GTA chief executive followed by another round later in the evening.However, all the party, vis-a-vis the stall owners, the municipality, the district administration and the GTA officials refused to speak on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15865304", "title": "Cops gun down history-sheeter", "text": "KANPUR: A history-sheeter, carrying a reward of Rs 10,000, was gunned down by the police in an encounter under the limits of Chakeri police on Monday. He was fleeing after committing a loot. The criminal has been identified as Monu Tiwari. DIG Amitabh Yash said that he was a resident of Dabhauli area of Govindnagar and wanted by district police in connection with several cases of heinous crime, including murder, attempt to murder, loot and theft.Two of his accomplices managed to flee. Monu and two other accomplices had attacked and robbed railway station master Jai Prakash, a resident of Koylanagar, near Sanigwan. He was trying to flee with valuables including the ATM card, cash, mobile phone and a two-wheeler of the station master. The incident had occurred at around 2 am while Jai Prakash was on his way to the railway station to attend his duty on a two-wheeler.A senior police officer said, \"Police party after coming across the loot incident swung into action and gave criminals, escaping on a motorcycle a hot chase. Messages were flashed and 'nakabandi' was set at various points. The criminals opened indiscriminate firing on cops at several junctions and requested them to surrender. The chase continued till 2 am, when Monu was killed in the exchange of fire near Sajari highway.\" Police have recovered a foreign-made pistol and a few cartridges from the site. Search is on to nab the other two accomplices, Yash added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15867135", "title": "Educating India", "text": "As a tradition, education in India is looked upon quite holistically, especially with reference to the traditional Gurukul system. The education system is too formal and competitive now with a plethora of opportunities for students. India currently has the world's largest youth population and also the largest education market, which makes imperative the need to prepare and plan for an education that produces a world class, competent and skilled force.Responding to the need of the hour, The Times of India , recently organised an education conference, titled, 'EDUCATIONext - The Way forward' , in the Capital, recently , in association with IMT Ghaziabad, HSBC and Orris. The day long event offered a platform to eminent academicians, scholars, educationists, teachers, NGOs and many big names from the corporate world, to discuss the roadmap for future education vis a vis industry needs in India. The conference was kick-started by Ranjan Roy, associate Editor , The Times of India, who gave a brief on the day's proceedings and welcomed the participants. While giving the inaugural address, Kapil Sibal , Minister of Human Resource Development, Government of India, chief guest of the event, said: \"Providing quality education with opportunities in abundance is our foremost goal. We have to build a highway for a child. Which way he wants to drive, that's the child's wish.\"He further added, \"The government aims to design courses of national standard across all subjects, across the country. We will soon roll such courses in the vocational fields like retail, reality , design and automobile. Besides , it's not the sole responsibility of Government to offer quality education at all levels, private institutions and corporate should also pitch in, partner and share the mammoth task of providing high quality education to all. Education shouldn't be looked as burden by private bodies ; it should be understood as inclusive.\"The conference was spread over fours sessions throughout the day. The sessions deliberated on India as education superpower of future and the pathway to progress.The first session elaborated on leveraging opportunity and how higher education can help India shape world future; designing social system of inclusive education - 'Education for All' ; and new hybrid teaching models and methods , and discussion on role of PPP. Sharing his thoughts in the first session, Pawan Aggarwal, advisor higher education, Planning Commission of India, said: \"Next five to 10 years in education would be crucial. Government can support in fiscal way and appoint more teachers. The main challenges would be quality in higher education and integration of technology in education.\"\"Leveraging technology in higher education space is a major task and will ease life in schools, colleges and institutions. Technology will definitely be a key driver in fulfilling India's 'education for all' dream\" , added Sandhya, executive director, Sector Skills Council. She added, \"We are looking at integrating technology in three areas: higher education space; setting up of standards; and in the accreditation area. We will soon present our project report to the government.\"The most pertinent subject of discussion was an inclusive pattern of education. Are we creating a parallel educational economy in India? What about synergies between education institutions and industries, at state and central levels? Shyama Chona, educationist, took up paradoxes, confusions and obstacles in education in India. \"We are six decades late in education . But we need to gear up, because if not now then never. This year, we will have 10 crore children passing out from elementary education and moving to secondary education. But do we have provisions to offer quality education to them? Government has to help, but it wants partners to chip in.\" Taking a dig at the government's role, the speakers dwelled in length about what our government is offering and what it could have had offered. Making a comparison between education in India and the Western Countries, Dr Arun Mohan Sherry, director, IMT CDL, said: \"Australia offers 70 per cent scholarships in education , US offers 50 per cent and India , only two per cent. Talking about interest rates on education loans, India asks for 11.75 per cent, while in Australia it is only 2.5 per cent and in UK and US, it varies between 3 and 3.5 per cent.\"Besides, we have over regulation in distance education. \"Amazingly , there are more than 10 million students studying in open learning and distance education institutions. The worst news is since past one and a half years, there is no regular vice chancellor to look after distance learning in India. This is the state of education in our country\" , lamented Sherry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15859287", "title": "Theatrics as a tool for teaching", "text": "MYSORE: Can theatre play any role in education? Can it add value to education besides adding flavour to cultural days of schools? 'Yes,' say those in the know.Skills of theatre, when used in classrooms, can make lessons interesting and exciting for students. When the subject is taught in a different way - through activities involving students -- then the lesson remains etched in their minds for long time.Theatre group Apravarambe, in association with the departments of archaeological museum and heritage, and public education, will train high school teachers in nuances of theatre activities. The move is aimed at imparting skills among the teachers so that the students can have a better understanding of subjects.Public education department director B K Basavaraj said: \"Teachers can catch the attention of students by enacting subjects. By modulating their voice is one such way. Such techniques can be taught through theatre.\" Teachers, by implementing such techniques in classrooms, can enhance the learning experience, he added.Around 50 teachers from across Mysore taluk are participating in a 10-day workshop on traditional theatre and theater in education that began at Rangayana here on Monday. They are being taught about folk and traditional dance forms like yakshagana and kamsale, back-stage works, light arrangements, theatre music, costumes and voice modulations.Harish G, an art teacher from Yergnalli Govt High School, said: \"The workshop, if utilized properly, can really help students. I can learn about stage decoration and help language teachers and subject teachers by preparing the models they want.\"Retired director of AIISH and theatreperson Na Ratna said that teachers have to involve their students in lessons. \"They have to make them enact certain scenes in classrooms so the topics get etched in their minds.\"Music, art and subject teachers, who are taking part in the workshop, will be camping at Rangayana for the next nine days. Theatre artistes Srikanta Gundappa, Prameela Bengre, Ashwath Kadamba, K N Vasudevamurthy, Kabbinale Vasanth Bharadwaj, H S Umesh, R Poornima and others train the teachers between 10am and 4pm. Teachers will perform short skits at the end of the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "15869644", "title": "Bills come before power lines in Lohardaga village", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Around 125 villagers at Umari Dumar Toli and Sinjo villages in Kuru block were handed over an electricity bill for July despite the fact that none of them have electricity at home. Under the Rajeev Gandhi Gramin Vidhutikaran Yojna ( RGGVY), the government has managed to install transmission network by erection of electric poles but because of faulty transformers and connectivity, no bulbs are lighted up in these houses.Santara Mahli, Jogiya Oraon, Ramvriksha Oraon, Arjun Lohra, Mustak Ahmed, Sanjay Oraon, Jasim Ahmed and Sammejan Khatoon said the bills were shocking to them as the department had just brought electric wires on tiled roofs of their houses.\"One transformer has been installed which is something like an object of showpiece while another was taken back for replacement but it is yet to be reinstalled. Both the villages have nearly 300 houses including 125 of BPL families. One year ago, the wires were thrown on our thatched rooftops and a meter and a bulb were put up inside the houses, but no connection was ever given. We kept on requesting the department for connections only to get the bills for Rs 156 each,\" said Jageshwar Ram. Kolsimari's mukhiya Munni Devi said the villagers had been cheated in the name of Central scheme. She said she would take the complaint of villagers to higher authorities of the administration.Kuru SDO (electricity) Raj Kumar said no villager had complained to him in this connection. \"I will look into the matter and will try to provide electric connectivity to the BPL houses. Villagers do not need to worry the bills as these will be corrected,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15858671", "title": "Getting read and appreciated was great: Buzz Editors", "text": "NAGPUR: A Buzz Mail from a VNIT student lifted the spirits of the School Buzz editor's team from Somalwar High School, Nikalas Branch, who were in TOI office for a felicitation ceremony and short tour of the office. \"The mail showed us that people are reading what we have written and it is a great feeling. Also, everyone appreciated the hard work we had put in,\" said Atharva Gomekar, one of the student editors.He also said that reading about his interest in astronomy, one of his seniors had contacted him on Facebook and offered guidance. Thus, School Buzz touched their lives in more ways than one. \"My parents were very happy at the kind of exposure we got and the fact that we are being featured in a newspaper like the TOI,\" said Arnav Bhamburkar, another student editor.According to the teachers who saw the students work hard for the preparation of the page from Day One, the experience of working for School Buzz page was a great learning opportunity. \"I think that the students have learnt to be responsible and now know to own up to whatever they do. Also, team spirit is another thing that I saw while they worked together,\" said Damodar Thombre, computer science teacher.\"The biggest example of their team work was when Mugdha fell ill, Abhimanyu filled in her place without expectations and knowing that his photo will not be featured. He worked with all his dedication and sincerity,\" said Shrikant Dhabadgaonkar, activity director.According to students, the best part was talking to people for doing their first period stories. \"We never thought that as students we could talk to city president of Congress party and people like that. It was an experience we wouldn't get anywhere else,\" said Arnav.Agreeing with him, Sakshi Agwan, a student editor, added, \"it was a totally new experience and we would like to do it again and again.\" Mugdha Patankar believed that luck was not on her part, as she was sick on the day of editorial meet. \"I really believe I was unlucky but I had a great time working beforehand. We were a great team,\" she said. The students also felt that the experience had taught them crucial lessons in management and honed their skills in organizing things.\"From start to end, it was students who did the work. I am proud of the outcome of the hard work they put in. On the morning of both the editions, I received a number of phone calls appreciating the students work,\" said Vivek Joshi, acting principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15865366", "title": "Waterlogging at airport troubles flyers", "text": "JAIPUR: The Sunday evening showers' effect spilled over to Monday as daily commuters as well as rail and air passengers faced a trying time over delayed arrivals and long traffic jams in the city.The waterlogging at the porch of Terminal-2 of the Jaipur Airport troubled the flyers in the morning. Many were seen struggling with their luggage. Airport authorities confirmed that the sewerage system of the terminal was not functioning following the heavy rain.\"The flight operations in the morning were normal barring a delay of 10-15 minutes owing to a delay in passenger check-in,\" said Paul Manickam, airport director, Jaipur airport.At certain corners, water seeped in through the walls, raising fears of a short circuit. \"The entire airport has internal wiring and seepage of water is very dangerous,\" said an airport source.The situation was worse at Sindhi Camp bus stand which witnessed massive waterlogging in and around the area. Nearly 30 buses were delayed between 15 minutes and two hours, leading to chaos at the stand.\"Movement of buses to Delhi, Agra and Kota were affected since Sunday evening till early hours of Monday,\" said said RS Bhati, spokesperson, Rajasthan Roadways Transport Corporation ( RSRTC).Schedule for trains to and from Jaipur were also thrown off-track. Water had accumulated on the tracks at some places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15859535", "title": "HC raps state govt for grim maternal mortality ratio", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Monday sought complete details from the state governm ent on availability of facilities in Primary Health Centres (PHC), doctors, trained nursing staff and infrastructure across the state.The bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala has asked the government to furnish details within 15 days. This was in connection with a nine-year old PIL filed by Dr Leela Trivedi seeking direction to the state government to take measures so that maternal mortality ratio (MMR) in the state can be brought down. The PIL sought recruitment of doctors and trained nurses besides enhancement in the infrastructural facility in PHCs for delivery.The PIL was filed in 2003 after undertaking an extensive survey in Gujarat, particularly in the prosperous Kheda district. The MMR in Gujarat was above 200 then. A division bench in 2009 sought details. However, things did not move forward. When the case came up for hearing last week, petitioner's counsel Girish Patel made several suggestions to curb MMR.During a proceeding on Monday, senior counsel Patel enumerated main reasons behind high MMR in the state - less institutionalization due to costly health service in private sector and lack of facilities in public health sector. Unavailability of doctors at PHCs, lack of trained nursing staff, non-availability of drugs, poor quality of equipment and absence of emergency squad result in delay in fetching treatment.The senior counsel also cited the health minister's letter to the Centre demanding more medical colleges, wherein the minister had stated that there were 24% posts of MBBS doctors and 60% post of specialist doctors vacant in the state.It was also pointed out that a goal was set as per UN Millennium Development Project to bring down MMR to below 100 by 2010. But Gujarat still has MMR of 148 in 2012 and it stands sixth in the country. Advocate Patel also argued that this is an average figure, and MMR in tribal areas must be higher. He also said that there is no scientific method of counting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15864613", "title": "Delhi must have mechanism to handle electronic waste", "text": "Having rules and regulations on who is responsible for disposing of electronic waste is obviously not the end of the government's role in this issue. Monitoring that the rules are implemented is clearly another role it must fulfil. But even more importantly, it must take up the responsibility of creating awareness about the rules and informing the public at large where it can dispose of its e-waste. As India's population becomes increasingly e-enabled, the magnitude of the problem of e-waste disposal is only likely to rise exponentially. Unless an effective and sustained campaign is mounted to tell people what they can do to help, no amount of rules are going to suffice.Related story: No system in place to handle electronic waste", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15864105", "title": "Cantonment chief at Deolali gets award", "text": "NASHIK: The chief executive officer of the Deolali Camp cantonment board, Amol B Jagtap,was recently conferred with the Army Commander's Commendation award, for his distinguished service.The award was presented o Jagtap by Lt General A K Singh, GOC-in-C, Southern Command, Pune during his visit to Deolali last week.Jagtap, an officer of Indian Defence Estates Service, who passed the UPSC civil service examination in 1997. He became chief executive officer at the Deolali cantonment in December 2008 after serving in several states including Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Tamilnadu, Haryana and New Delhi.During the last three years in Deolali, Jagtap took steps to improve health and sanitation, education and welfare of women and children and care for senior citizens. He has also undertaken green measure to prevent pollution and beautify the cantonment area.Apart from this, he has also leveraged modern technology in improvement of governance by way of automation and computerization of administration, updating and preserving precious Defence land records, streamlining of procedures, establishment of online grievance redressal system (Samadhan) etc.The futuristic City Development Plan (CDP) of Deolali consisting of various infrastructural projects planned under the JNNURM scheme, is awaiting sanction and will change the Cantonment into a Model township, said Jagtap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15863505", "title": "'Magic' underpass to ease traffic rush", "text": "KOLKATA: If the Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco) has its way, Rajarhat New Town may soon boast of a magic box underpass - a concept widely used in Bangalore.Hidco, which plans to set up the underpass at the four-point crossing at Chinar Park, has engaged RITES to conduct a study on whether the project will prove feasible. The decision was taken to ease traffic congestion at the spot which is increasing each day with rise in vehicular traffic.\"The crossing is already very congested. Earlier, we had thought of building a flyover, but it was thwarted as the East-West Metro will cross this junction on elevated tracks. So it's not possible to set up another elevated road,\" said Hidco chairman-cum-managing director Debashis Sen.He added that building an underpass was a better idea as it has already proved successful in Bangalore. In a magic box underpass, a road is made to pass under another one which carries on its usual level course. The vehicles taking the underpass can get onto the main surface from below the ground, after having travelled a certain stretch, and continue moving on a parallel course with the other vehicles. The construction entails use of advanced technologies so that water does not get accumulated after heavy showers and will be appropriate for Rajarhat New Town which is being made into a futuristic city.With City Centre II located in the vicinity, traffic congestion has become a regular affair at Chinar Park crossing. There are quite a few residential complexes in the area that have added to the number of vehicles along this stretch. Also, motorists have to cross this junction to either reach VIP Road and airport on one side, or go to Sector V which is at the other end.Hidco authorities are also working to set up a five-storied parking plaza on an acre of plot in Action Area I that will be able to accommodate about 500 cars. While the authorities have already constructed one flyover on the main arterial road at Action Area I, there are plans to construct more such flyovers at specific points.The Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco) is planning to set up an underpass at the crossing at Chinar Park junction in Rajarhat where vehicular traffic volume is increasing each day. The authorities have engaged RITES to make a feasibility study.\"The crossing has already become a very congested spot. We were earlier planning to construct a flyover at the junction to ease traffic congestion there but the plan is now getting thwarted due to the fact that upcoming metro will cross this junction on elevated tracks. So it's not possible for another elevated road to be set up at the spot,\" said Hidco chairman cum managing director Debashis Sen, adding that having an underpass is now a better option.Sen said that they were looking into the 'magic box underpass' concept that is widely used in Bangalore. The concept is that instead of flying over a particular stretch, one of the roads go under the other, which carries on its usual level course and vehicles will again get into the main surface from below the ground moving on parallel. The underpass is also set up using advanced technologies so that water does not get accumulated after heavy showers. It is a more modern concept that will be very appropriate for Rajarhat New Town which the authorities are trying to build up as a futuristic smart city.The Chinar Park four-point crossing on Rajarhat Road has already become a very congested spot. Not only the City Centre II mall is situated nearby and quite a few other residential housing complex have come up nearby the junction, thereby increasing the number of vehicles, motorists also cross the junction to either move towards VIP Road and airport at one side and towards Sector V and Sector V at another end.Hidco authorities are also working on the process to set up a five storied parking plaza on an acre of plot in Action Area I that will be able to accommodate about 500 cars. According to a traffic and transportation study that was conducted earlier, Rajarhat New Town will account for about 10 lakh passenger trips per day at the maximum and the main arterial road will take the pressure to accommodate the highest number of vehicles plying through Rajarhat. The present hourly vehicle count on the road is more than 1,000. The authorities have already constructed one flyover upon the arterial road stretch at Action Area I and there are plans to set up more such flyovers at specific points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15852581", "title": "Faridpur villagers up in arms against police officer", "text": "WARDHA: The people of Faridpur village of Samudrapur tehsil have again got together against what they term as high-handed attitude of police station officer of Girad, Baban Fusate, claiming that people of 40 villages are troubled because of it.This is the fourth time when people have came forward against Fusate. The unrest compelled leaders to visit Faridpur and listen to villagers' problems. On Sunday evening, BJP state president and MLA Sudhir Mungantiwar, district unit BJP leaders as well as former MLA of NCP Raju Timande and other NCP leaders visited Faridpur.On August 18, police raided Kisna Dhadse's home on the suspicion that he had stored liquor illegally for the festival of Pola. Villagers say that although the police didn't recover anything at his home, Dhadse was carried off in the police van. When Dhadse's son Rajkumar (26) opposed the police action, the police allegedly stared beating him and dragged him to Girad police station. He was also allegedly beaten up. Rajkumar was admitted to Samudrapur hospital. He was referred to Wardha civil hospital with a fracture in his right leg.The villagers later approached the police station and asked why the officers as to why they had arrested the Dhadses when there was no offence against them. But the police also threatened the villagers and started beating them. The villagers retaliated and attacked the police.PI M Fusate had said that three constables were injured in the ruckus. The police had also arrested nine persons.Villages claim that the police again came to the village on the eve of Eid and started beating up the villagers without reason. The villages allege that police planted weapons on them after they photographed and videographed it. On this basis, nine persons were sent to police custody for five days.Ironically, the police are targeting the village which was, just last year, awarded with Mahatma Gandhi Tantamukti award and Adarsh Gaon award, said a senior villager. A youth added that police were shielding Fusate and that a senior officer had warned villager not to raise their voice against him. \"It's a curfew-like situation here. Even children have stopped going to school,\" the villagers added.NCP activist Samir Kunawar said that this was the fourth time when the public was demanding Fusate's transfer and that Fusate was acting autocratically.BJP state president Sudhir Mungantiwar was even more harsh. \"This is Naxalism by police. The police department is meant to protect people and maintain law and order but it is terrorizing police.\" Mungantiwar demanded suspension of PSO Baban Fusate and action against the police administration of Wardha.However, Wardha SP Avinash Kumar denied all charges made by the villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15859646", "title": "Bus conductor attacked by gang, suffers minor injury", "text": "MADURAI: A conductor was attacked by a three-member gang whose identity is yet to be traced. The incident occurred in a moving bus that was leaving Periyar bus stand to Mankulam.After the vehicle crossed some distance from the bus stand and neared the crime branch office, C Jayaprakash (32), the conductor from Alanganallur found three persons travelling on the footboard.When he asked them to get inside, one of them suddenly drew a sword and tried to hack the conductor.Fortunately, Jayaprakash sustained only cut injuries on his hand and was rushed to the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) for treatment. Based on his complaint, Thideer Nagar police filed a case and looking out for the gang.Police sources said that the gang fled from the spot after attacking the conductor by jumping out from the moving bus. Initial investigation revealed that there is no motive for the gang to attack the conductor.\"The conductor told us that he never knew those three people who attacked him all of a sudden when he asked them to come inside. There seems to be no prior enmity between the parties and we are looking out for the three, who fled from the spot after attacking Jayaprakash. We will know the real motive behind the attack once they are nabbed,\" a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15861570", "title": "Anjani shifts to CM\u2019s secretariat", "text": "PATNA: Principal secretary, rural development department, A Santosh Matthew will go to labour resources department in the same capacity. He will hold additional charge of principal secretary, public grievances at CM secretariat.Principal secretary, building construction department, Sudhir Kumar has been made principal secretary of parliamentary affairs department. Secretary, urban and housing development department, Sudhir Kumar, will be secretary, sugarcane industries. He will hold additional charge of MD, Bihar state industrial development corporation. Secretary, labour resources department, Amrit Lal Meena will be secretary, rural development department. Secretary, minor irrigation, Deepak Prasad will hold additional charge of MD, Bihar state food and civil supplies.Secretary, Bihar human rights commission, Vandana Kinni, will be new divisional commissioner, Darbhanga, while secretary, cooperatives, Rajit Punhani will be secretary, social welfare department. The incumbent, Sandeep Paundrik has been made secretary, registration, excise and prohibition.The administrator, Bihar state road transport corporation (BSRTC), Uday Singh Kumawat has been made secretary, expenditure in the department of finance. The present incumbent, Mihir Kumar Singh has been made commissioner, Tirhut. Kumawat will hold additional charge of administrator, BSRTC.Secretary, rural works department, B Rajender has been given additional charge of MD, Bihar state beverage corporation while secretary, social welfare, Ashish Kumar will hold additional charge of the secretary, Bihar human rights commission. MD, Bihar state food and civil supplies corporation, Pradeep Kumar has been made commissioner, MGNREGA, in the rural development department. The director, midday meal in the education department, R Lakhmanan will hold additional charge of joint secretary, rural works department. He will also hold additional charge of the CEO, Bihar rural roads development agency.Project director, Bihar Gram Swraj Society, Patna, Lokesh Kumar Singh has been made additional secretary, panchayati raj department. Singh will also hold additional charge of the gram swaraj society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15878696", "title": "One killed, five injured in fresh Assam violence", "text": "GUWAHATI: One person was killed and five others injured in three separate incidents of violence in Assam's strife-torn Kokrajhar district late last night, police said.The first incident took place in Phumti Village under Salakati police outpost, but no casualty was reported from there.In yet another incident, one person was killed and 4 others injured when miscreants opened fire in Pakritola village under Fakira gram, they said, adding that one more person was injured in the third incident that took place in Tupimari under Gossaigaon area of the district.Miscreants opened fire and set some houses on fire, said L R Bishnoi, IGP, Assam (Law and Order).Ever since violence erupted in the Bodoland Territorial Administered Districts and Dhubri since July 19, over 80 people have been killed, according to official figures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mamallapuram", "code": "15860660", "title": "MP flays Archaeological Survey of India move to take over Mahabs temple, threatens fast", "text": "MAMALLAPURAM: The opposition to the Archaeological Survey of India's proposal to take over the Pallava-era Sri Sthalasayana Perumal temple in Mamallapuram, a protected monument, took a different turn on Monday with Kancheepuram MP P Vishwanathan threatening an indefinite fast. The announcement came during the first public hearing organised by the ASI on the issue.Since the ASI's proposal was made public on May 20, a series of protests have been organised and elected representatives have raised the issue in the state assembly and Parliament. \"I will lead an indefinite fast if the ASI goes ahead with it. The Hindu religious and charitable endowments department should be allowed to maintain the temple,\" he said. A five-member high-level committee headed by ASI regional director (south zone) D Dayalan conducted the hearing. Around 40 petitions were received.After the Madras high court asked the ASI to organise a hearing to gauge the public mood, a joint meeting of the ASI, directorate-general of archaeology, National Monuments Authority and the state archaeology department on August 2 decided to organise the hearing. After the ASI submits a report, comprising views of all stakeholders, to the high court, a final decision will be taken by the Union culture ministry. \"Conservation of monuments, including temples, is as important as the livelihood of thousands of local people. Ideally, the committee should have representatives from the public but that did not happen. In any case, we are against the proposal,\" said Thandarai K Manoharan, MLA.ASI officials say the possibility of allowing worship at the temple could be considered as was done by the ASI in the Big Temple in Thanjavur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "15861848", "title": "Bodh Gaya master plan in limbo", "text": "GAYA: Notified on December 15, 2006, the Bodh Gaya master plan remains a non-starter as a result of which development activities in the temple town have come to a near halt. The master plan encountered resistance from different quarters from day one with the result that for the last nearly six years, it has remained only of academic interest.The master plan, according to urban development department sources, has now become virtually in fructuous. Little has been done during the last eight months to review and make necessary changes.The master plan notified by the state government contained provisions for no construction area, buffer zone besides limiting the height of buildings to three and 10 metres respectively in a radius of one and two kms from the Mahabodhi shrine. It also contained a 200 metre wide green belt to the north of the road linking Bodh Gaya with NH-83.Following a hue and cry raised by different interest groups, CM Nitish Kumar constituted a high-level committee comprising senior government officials and public representatives in March, 2008, to review the controversial master plan. The officials included development commissioner, urban development department principal secretary and secretary, department of art, culture and youth affairs. The committee held its meeting at Bodh Gaya on June 5, 2008. But nothing happened thereafter making the 2006 master plan virtually ineffective.Patna High Court too found the 2006 master plan flawed as it did not undergo the codified due process for the preparation of the master plan. Termed as Utopian by its detractors, the 2006 master plan was practically shelved without the officials formally acknowledging its burial.Asked about the status of the master plan, Sushil Mishra, executive officer of Bodh Gaya Nagar Panchayat said he was awaiting directions from the urban development department. Urban development and housing minister Prem Kumar says the master plan was in the pipeline and the flaws of the previous master plan will be removed.Creation of the 200 metre wide green belt too, has hit a road block as the land earmarked as green belt is private land and land acquisition proceedings to give real shape to the green belt concept have not even begun. Moreover, the choice of northern side of the road for green belt has come in for criticism as land owners want 100 metres wide green belt on either side of the road instead of 200 metres wide belt on the northern side alone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15851132", "title": "Why are traffic kiosks still being built? HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday asked the BMC to explain how kiosks had sprung up on roads in spite of its direction to remove such unauthorized booths blocking traffic.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Rajesh Ketkar was hearing a public interest litigation filed by I K Chhugani whose petition stated that illegal kiosks/booths either came in the way of vehicles or blocked drivers' view. In January, the HC directed that such illegal structures should be razed but Chhugani told the court in the last hearing that four new kiosks had come up in Juhu.Additional public prosecutor Aruna Pai, however, claimed the police found no illegal booth at the spot on August 16. She submitted an affidavit by ACP Nand Kumar Mistry that stated \"there are no such kiosk on any road or public place having NOC from the Traffic Control Branch\". Refuting her, Chhugani showed the court pictures of kiosks taken on August 1.Reiterating that all illegal kiosks be removed, Justice Bobde said, \"The entire structure, not just the ads.\" The judges were also told that the land on which the booths were put up belonged to the BMC. \"The traffic control department has not given nod for the kiosks. They are approaching the BMC,\" said Pai.The public prosecutor said cops did not find any kiosk in Juhu, as claimed. But the petitioner showed photos, refuting her argument.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15866394", "title": "Small and medium enterprises must invest cash lying idle in short-term plans", "text": "In India, there are about three crore small and medium enterprises (SMEs), contributing about 45% of the country's industrial output and 40% of exports, which translates to around 17% of India's GDP. Given the various incentives by the government, these figures are expected to rise as we move forward. However, most SMEs lack in one particular aspect, that of efficiently managing whatever small amount of cash they have at their disposal.Officials at large companies , which have grown from their humble days, say that with their cash every SME should keep three things in mind: liquidity, safety and return . However, in most cases it is found that unaware of the options available for generating higher returns on their cash, SMEs keep most of it in current accounts and bank FDs. These avenues give them enough safety, some amount of liquidity but sub-optimum returns on post-tax basis. There are better investment options in the market which can help them optimize their returns.Among such investments are liquid and liquid-plus plans which offer high liquidity and higher post-tax returns, but come at a slightly higher risk. Back-of-the-envelope calculations show that post-tax returns from these funds are usually 8-12 % higher than what bank FDs can generate. Here, the point to remember is that like FDs, returns on liquid funds too are linked to the prevailing market rate. As an SME money manager, one has to keep this in mind. Another investment option is the fixed maturity plans (FMPs). These schemes give nearly a guaranteed return with a high degree of safety. However, investing in FMPs means sacrificing liquidity since investments in these schemes are locked-in for the duration of the scheme. Although these schemes are listed , there is hardly any trading in these papers.Some taxation issues also kick in. If an SME has some loan on their books, these companies should consider the growth option over dividend option in liquid and liquid plus funds. This is because tax officials often invoke section 14A of the Income Tax Act to deny the benefits of lower tax outgo from dividend income if the company also has loans on its books. Subsequently, such treatment can lead to litigations. However, an SME with no loans on its books does not need to bother about Section 14A. In such a situation, the SME can invest in the dividend option.Another investment option for SMEs is the non-convertible debentures (NCDs) of companies. SME money managers investing in these instruments and also in FMPs also need to keep in mind credit quality. Often FMPs indicate higher returns but to do that they compromise on the credit quality of the papers they put their money in. Credit quality does not matter much if the investments are for up to 2-3 weeks. However, for anything more than that, one should be careful about the ratings of the papers which are in the portfolio of the fund.SME money managers should also look for opportunities to invest in schemes which would pay dividend over the next few days. An SME can invest in such schemes, pocket the dividend and then sell at the post-dividend NAV to take advantage of the capital gains rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15871350", "title": "Girl's mom protests against youth's obscene act, beaten up", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The mother of a college girl was beaten up in Mohamadpur Rohi village of Fatehabad district after she challenged an upper caste youth for behaving in an obscene manner with her daughter.The police lodged an FIR against a villager, Baljeet Singh, 21, on Sunday, a day after the incident.The girl is a BCom student in a private college in Fatehabad and belongs to a scheduled caste. \"Baljeet used to make objectionable remarks against the girl earlier too, forcing her to change her school,\" said a police officer, quoting the complainant.\"On Saturday, she was waiting at the village bus stop when the accused made vulgar gestures at her. Upset by this, the girl went home and told her mother and sister about it. But, when the angry mother protested against this harassment, he beat her up,\" he added.A case under section 294 (obscene acts), 323 (assault) and SC/ST (prevention of atrocities) Act has been registered on the complaint the of girl's father.\"There are reports that Baljeet was also severely beaten up after the incident, though, no formal complaint has been filed,\" said deputy superintendent of police Shamsher Singh Dahiya, who is investigating the matter.Fatehabad SP Satender Kumar Gupta said the culprit would be arrested soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15860169", "title": "A month when government offices wore a deserted look", "text": "KOCHI: With holidays and 'forced holidays' (strikes and hartal) claiming their share, many of the government offices in the district remained closed for most of the days in August.While there are 11 holidays in the month, one working day each was taken away by the strike called by service organizations and the Left Democratic Front.The leaves taken by officials en masse ate into the remaining 18 days, further decreasing the number of working days.The district administration has decided to take action against those who had gone on unauthorized leave.\"Absence of employees on the days of strike will be treated as dais-non. Strict action will be taken against those who have gone on unauthorized leave,\" said B Ramachandran, additional district magistrate (ADM), Ernakulam.\"There are many officials who have gone on leave on the days just before and after holidays. The revenue department will audit the leave of employees by the end of the month,\" said Ramachandran. On more than a couple of working days in the month, the attendance at various offices in the civil station was less than 50 per cent.According to health department officials, there was staff shortage in the department this month.\"Owing to staff shortage, we had to and will have to make work arrangements. But essential services, including the outpatient department (OP) have functioned normally,\" said Dr Junaid Rahman, the district medical officer. The functioning of offices like the electricity board and water authority has also been affected. \"Our offices will function on August 30 and then we will be able to clear the backlog,\" said V V Sathyarajan, chief engineer, KSEB.The banking sector also had a series of holidays this month. Besides the four Sundays, there are four bank holidays in August.And the nationwide strike called by employees' unions devoured two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15851268", "title": "The ugly side of Musi beautification project", "text": "HYDERABAD: A revamped Musi envisaged by the Save Musi Campaign could have enthralled delegates visiting Hyderabad in October for the COP 11 but that is not to be, thanks to land acquisition problems and slow paced technical works.The 'Save Musi Campaign' was taken up in 2005 on the river from Tipu Khan Bridge to Nagole Bridge. The campaign was divided into three precincts - the 7.28 km ecological precinct from Tippu Khan Bridge to Puranapul, the 3.98 km heritage precinct from Puranapul to Chaderghat and the metropolitan precinct from Chaderghat to Nagole Bridge measuring 8.64 km. The heritage precinct, meant for development as a tourist attraction, is being handled by the GHMC under a JNNURM scheme and is called the Musi Revitalization project. The other two precincts are being handled by the HMDA.As part of the campaign another project called the Abatement of Pollution in Musi (APM) was finalised at a cost of Rs 335 crore (with 70% contribution by the Centre and 30% by the state) under National River Conservation Directorate (NRCD). The Water Board is responsible for the execution of this project. The campaign which started in 2005 with a 30-month target has missed many a deadline till date.Bottlenecks include delay in completion of a sewerage treatment plant (STP) at Attapur under the APM project which has nullified beautification works carried out by the GHMC in the heritage precincts. The STP at Attapur lies up stream of the river and its functioning determines the quality of water that is allowed to flow further. GHMC had invested in rubber dams to create a stretch for boating and water entertainment, though not part of the original plan, but the dams could not be used since a brief trial run in 2010, owing to non-functioning of Attapur STP which is supposed to provide treated water for the dams. According to Water Board sources, it may take another month before the STP is inaugurated.Encroachments on the north and southern sides of Musi near Imblibun and Chaderghat areas have also proved to be major impediments in this precinct. Interestingly, the estimated time of completion stated in the last quarterly progress report is September 2012 but it is unlikely that the authorities would even meet the deadline set for projects under the five-year JNNURM scheme that is scheduled to end in December 2012.Another hurdle to the campaign came in the form of protests from residents of Ramanthapur village. Close to 93 acres of farmland was acquired in 2006, which later ran into litigation as residents were unwilling to part with it. Recently notices were served by the government to collect the compensation being offered and vacate the land. Residents blame the authorities for allowing around 1500 houses to come up on the lands since 2006 despite its claims of acquiring it. With the talk doing the rounds that the government intends to develop the acquired land for auctioning to raise revenue, Ramanthapur lands seems out of reach as of now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15865538", "title": "BJP seeks more relief for victims", "text": "JAIPUR: A delegation of the state BJP led by president Arun Chaturvedi on Monday submitted a memorandum to governor Margaret Alva seeking higher compensation for the rain-hit.While the government had announced a compensation of Rs 2 lakh for the kin of those who lost their lives in the recent rain, the BJP is demanding the amount be increased to Rs 11 lakh.That apart, it also requested the governor to hold an all-party meet to take stock of the relief work in the worst-affected districts and prepare an independent report.The delegation also demanded a compensation of Rs 1 lakh for those who lost their 'pucca' houses in the rain and Rs 50,000 for 'kaccha' house owners. Also, they wanted the government to make special arrangements and ask the district administration to remain alert and maintain a crop-damage report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15851335", "title": "Men-only play now for fairer sex", "text": "MUMBAI: Weeks after a Marathi play faced flak for planning shows exclusively for men, its producer has announced that the same will now be open to women. The play, Ek Chavat Sandhyakaal (One Naughty Evening), will now be staged for an all-adult audience from Thursday, which also marks its 25th show. However, the show is still prohibited from being staged at BMC-run theatres.It may be noted that the play, which is written, directed and produced by theatre veteran Ashok Patole, was in the news after women were disallowed from watching it. The issue gained momentum after it was raised in the BMC House by corporator Sheetal Mhatre. Mhatre was approached by a female patron who was denied admission to the play at Shivaji Mandir Theater in Dadar recently. By then, the BMC had decided to disallow staging of the show at its two auditoriums: Prabodhankar K C Thackeray hall, Borivli, and Dinanath Mangeshkar hall, Vile Parle, citing the adult content of the play.The administration of the Borivli theatre had on July 2 written a letter to Patole, saying that some residents and parents of schoolchildren had asked them to not stage plays classified for adult viewing there. Interestingly, the play had been staged at the same theatre on June 9, Patole said. The play opened on June 8 at Yashwant theatre, Matunga, and was staged at theatres in other cities as well. Patole claimed that he has been denied permission to stage the showsat only the BMC-run auditoriums.In the play, Patole, who plays a professor, and actor Ajit Kelkar, who essays the role of a sexologist, help a female PhD student working on the relevance of non-veg jokes and their psycho-social effects on life. The storyline continues as a dialogue between the two men over this subject.\"We decided to stage the play exclusively for male audiences as it has some content we felt wasn't suitable to be experienced in the presence of female audience. But following demands from female patrons, we are opening the play for them from Thursday at Shivaji Mandir, Dadar,\" confirmed Patole.Patole insists that his narrative doesn't have any vulgar content. \"The Censor Board has certified the play as 'adult'. How can the BMC stop us from staging plays? How can you have a parallel censor board?\" he said.N Murde, manager of the theatre, confirmed the restriction on the play following verbal complaints from some residents. Patole said he is planning to complain to the Marathi theatre body and take up the issue with the mayor. Despite repeated attempts, F M Shinde, president of the Rangabhumi Parinirikshan Mandal (Censor Board for Marathi theatre) was unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15878379", "title": "Sanjay Dutt turns a new face to the camera", "text": "No puffiness under the eyes or receding hairline, Dutt shot for KS Ravikumar's SaamyLast week, we told you how Sanjay Dutt was back from Germany where he underwent a knee surgery. Reportedly, the actor also got a few cosmetic treatments done to get rid of the under eye bags. And though nobody really spoke about the rumoured eyebag removal, the proof was right there in front of our eyes.We caught the actor shooting for the remake of Tamil hit Saamy at Ramoji Rao Film City, Hyderabad yesterday, and he looked younger and fresher with no signs of the under eye puffiness he had been sporting of late.Interestingly, with an all new look, the actor seems to have adopted a fresh new approach to his work as well. An eyewitness told us, \"Sanjay reported on the sets at 9 am. He looked fresh and energetic. He was seen having a lengthy discussion with director KS Ravi Kumar about his character of a rowdy cop. He then moved on to shoot a very crucial film with co-star Manoj Joshi .\"In fact, the actor who is rather kicked about his role has made various changes to his lifestyle. \"He is off alcohol. This change in him will make a lot of difference to the filmmakers. Also, his knee injury is on the road to recovery and soom he will be filming some daredevil action sequences designed by action master Kanan, who worked with Sanjay in Zilla Ghaziabad and Sher ,\" said a friend of the actor.Produced by T P Aggarwal and Rahul Aggarwal under the banner of Star Entertainment Worldwide Pvt Ltd, the film also stars Prachi Desai in the female lead and Prakash Raj as the villain. They will join the unit in Hyderabad soon.In fact, the makers were rather happy with the first day's shoot.When contacted, Rahul said, \"We are very happy the way we have finished day one and Sanjay is looking very nice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15865445", "title": "Hospitals report cases of waterborne diseases", "text": "JAIPUR: The medical health and family department has asked officials to step up efforts to check the spread of waterborne diseases after cases have been reported at private and government hospitals.The doctors have not pressed the panic button yet.Apart from locals, foreign tourists too are visiting hospitals with stomach ailments.\"We have admitted foreigners with complaints of diarrhoea. This could be because of consuming contaminated food or water. Such cases increase during monsoon,\" said Dr R S Khedar, senior consultant at department of medicine at a private hospital.Many are complaining of fever and acute gastroenteritis. \"Cases of waterborne diseases have been on the rise after the rainfall,\" Khedar added.Experts warn of contamination of drinking water in this weather.\"Over the past few days, cases of diarrhoea and typhoid have been reported. Most patients, though, complain of fever and sore throat,\" said Dr C L Nawal, professor of medicine at SMS hospital.In the past two days, three patients with typhoid have been admitted to the hospital, said Dr Nawal.Several cases of diarrhoea and dysentery have also been reported.The government hospitals have been directed by the department to take measures to check spread of waterborne and vector borne diseases.Principal medical officer at Kanwatia Hospital Dr Hari Om Sharma said, \"We have sufficient stock of medicines to deal with any situation. We have already received directions from the medical department to be on alert.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15856060", "title": "Mehrauli teen suicide case baffles police", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after a 14-year-old schoolboy committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling fan at his Mehrauli home, police are still trying to determine what prompted him to take the step. \"We are scanning his class notebooks and diaries to find out what was bothering him. Statements of his classmates and teachers will be recorded Tuesday onwards. However, so far, we have not found anyone accountable for his decision,\" said Chhaya Sharma, DCP (south).Sharma, however, confirmed that the student was involved in an altercation after a football match at Mother's International school on August 9. The exact reason for the brawl is not known. \"We aren't sure whether he was beaten up by his classmates. The boy's father, who teaches at the same school, was aware of the development but the family didn't lodge a complaint with us,\" said Sharma. The police team will meet counsellors at the school to find out if they had spoken to the child after the incident.The boy lived with his parents and younger sister in Mehrauli's Satbari. A family friend said there was no apparent reason for the boy to take his life. \"He locked the room his mother and sister were sleeping in while his father was out. He then shut the drawing room door and hanged himself. On waking up, the mother raised an alarm and the neighbours broke open the main door,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15852165", "title": "Dhobale's rape remarks draw women's ire", "text": "NAGPUR: State water supplies and sanitation minister Laxmanrao Dhobale, who stated publicly here that there was no point in raising hue and cry or organizing street protests over rape of Dalit women, had to face a mob of angry women who almost roughed him up when he was leaving a literary meeting on Sunday evening.Addressing concluding session of the fourth state-level Annabhau Sathe Sahitya Sammelan, the minister said holding public demonstrations and agitations to demand justice for Dalit rape victims was a \"waste of time\". Referring to one such incident in Beed district, the minister said public protests in the past had not stopped occurrence of such atrocities. Dhobale went further with his sage advice that instead the rape victim should focus on bringing up children. \"Such children should be given proper education, teach them law and then ensure that the culprits are punished through the law of the land. Time should not be wasted in staging dharnas and agitations for rape victims because such means dilute the gravity of the case,\" the minister said.A group of women attending the meet was aghast and infuriated by his advice. As he was leaving the venue, the women mobbed Dhobale. They cornered him and tried to assault him. In the melee, the minister's supporters held a lady's hand that enraged the activists even more and they pushed Dhobale, A woman even hurled footwear at him. The minister somehow managed to wriggle out and escaped the mob fury after organizers whisked him to safety.When contacted, the minister tried to downplay the incident and denied he was manhandled. \"While I was speaking, a few supporters of Eknath Awhad, president of the sammelan, raised slogans and my supporters too responded. That is all. I was not beaten up by anybody,\" he added. Later, Awhad condemned the minister's statement and said, \"it was unfortunate that a minister was advocating against protesting over rape incidents.\" No police complaint was registered in the matter probably because the minister, an elected NCP member from Mohol (SC reserved) constituency, is a Dalit himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15865642", "title": "Eye donation camp tomorrow", "text": "KANPUR: The ophthalmology department of Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital will organize an eye donation pledge camp on Wednesday. It will be organized as part of National Fortnight on Eye Donation going on at the Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College from August 25 to September 8. The fortnight is being observed nationally under the National Programme for Control of Blindness.Dr RC Gupta of the ophthalmology department said the 27th National Fortnight on Eye Donation will be marked with several events scheduled to be held in the medical college, OPD and on roads for public awareness.There will two eye donation pledge camps this fortnight and two special camps for cornea replacement registrations.The people who want to donate their eyes or even want some eye treatment or cornea replacement can come to attend the camps on August 29 and September 5 at LLR ophthalmology OPD.The residents can also contact on mobile phone number of Dr RC Gupta (8400331199), Dr SK Sachan (8400331197) and Dr Shalini Mohan (8400331196).A mass awareness rally will also be taken out from GSVM Medical College to Motijheel on September 1.September 8 will be dedicated to the people who will pledge for eye donation. They will be felicitated at the lecture theatre of GSVM by the senior faculty members of the medical college.\"The objective of eye donation fortnight is to create mass public awareness and to bridge the gap between demand and supply of cornea. People should make eye donation as a family tradition,\" Dr Gupta said.Talking about the present status of blindness, Dr Shalini Mohan said that there are approximately 12 million corneal blind in the country and many others with visual impairment due to corneal diseases. Apart from the old ones, about 20,000 new cases are added every year. Majority of blind persons are young and their sight could be restored only through corneal transplantation.She further added that at present 45,000 to 50,000 corneas in the eye banks of both government and non-government sector while the requirement is 12 million. For this, intensive education and motivation is required in the society.\"The major part of the problem lies with young blind persons in the productive age groups, who lose their vision due to Vitamin 'A' deficiency, malnutrition, injuries and infections, congenital and other factors.Therefore, there is a need to create awareness among the public about the preventive aspects of cornea blindness and to come forward to pledge their eyes for donation after death,\" Dr SK Sachan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15862542", "title": "Speed up Baghpat's inclusion into NCR: Ajit", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rashtriya Lok Dal chief Ajit Singh has asked the UP government to expedite the process of sending a detailed report to the National Capital Regional Planning Board (NCRPB) on development of Baghpat as a district in NCR region.The party in a statement on Monday, claimed that UP government did not give any detailed project report (for infrastructure projects, especially in the sector of sewerage and water, even as the NCRPB is ready to give loans for any such project for the region. This highlights the lackadaisical approach of the government in dealing with western UP,\" Singh said.It was only last month that Ajit Singh, wrote to Union urban development minister Kamal Nath and UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to include Baghpat in the NCR and moot development for the region. Regional development plan-2021 has identified Baghpat-Baraut as regional centre and proposed to develop the region for advanced industrial and other economic activities and higher order service functions.NCRPB member secretary Naini Jayaseelan on August 16 wrote to UP chief secretary Jawed Usmani seeking detailed reports for various projects based on which the state can get soft loans up to 75%. Notably, UP has availed only 12% of the total loan sanctioned by NCRPB even though the state constitutes 32 percent of both area as well as population of the NCR.Ajit Singh said that Baghpat is only 30 kilometres from Delhi and is important from the socio-economic perspective and being close to the national capital, it can be developed as an alternative hub of regional, national, and international organisations and institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15861481", "title": "'Fourth kidney transplant on Friday'", "text": "PANAJI: Health minister Laxmikant Parsekar has said that the fourth kidney transplant will be performed at the Goa Medical College Hospital and College at Bambolim on August 31.The case papers for the fifth kidney transplant have also been finalized. Parsekar said that, incidentally, in all the kidney transplant cases, the donors were women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "15864136", "title": "These kids yearn to learn, but the 28km daily walk is too much for any teacher", "text": "ERODE: About thirty students of a school in the heart of the Bargur forests met District Collector Dr V K Shanmugham on Monday to make a passionate appeal to ensure teachers for their school so that they can acquire an education and hope for a better life. Despite being enrolled in school, the children were illiterate as there were no teachers to conduct classes.The teachers posted at the school do not show up because of the difficult travel. The government upper primary school at Kathirimalai in Bargur panchayat has more than 70 students and most of them say they have never once seen a teacher at their school. Kathirimalai is a village on the Eastern Ghats, inhabited by the Soliga tribals. Access to the village involves a 28km walk through dense forests where the terrain is difficult. This long walk on a daily basis is too difficult for posted teachers to accomplish and so they refrain from conducting classes altogether.According to Tamil Nadu Pazhamkudi Makkal sanghom leader Kadambur K Ramasamy, who accompanied the children to the collectorate, the village is devoid of even basic facilities including roads, buses, drinking water, hospital facilities and electricity. The school was established in 1997 under the Aadi Dravida Welfare Scheme. Though a residential facility was promised for both teachers and students, nothing has happened towards this end.According to B V Baladandayuthan, also a member of the sanghom, the students had seen the headmistress of the upper primary school way back in 2006. When she resigned from her post, the new headmistress Pushparani never set foot on the school premises.No academic activity takes place at the school and the cook deputed to prepare the noon meal also does not do his job. The school gets adequate funds to feed the children thrice a day, but even the funds remain unutilized. A corpus of Rs 13 lakh allotted to upgrade the school also remains unutilized.Collector Shanmugham promised the students speedy action to resolve the issue. He said the residential facility would be revamped to ensure full time teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15862657", "title": "700 recruits to start indefinite hunger strike from Sept 1", "text": "PANAJI: Around 700 youth recruited to various departments by the previous Congress government in December 2011, have decided to go an indefinite hunger strike from September 1.The same is in view of the new government not considering their appointments. The youth have carried out repeated rallies and protests in the capital city already.The BJP government has stated that the recruitment procedure followed by the previous government was either illegal or faulty.On Monday, 220 youth who were recruited as mines department field supervisors by the Congress government, held a one-day token hunger strike at Azad Maidan to protest \"the injustice\".The Congress has extended its support to these youth and speaking to mediapersons, Curtorim Congress MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco said that around 700 youth will start an indefinite hunger strike from September. He said he would be joining them on the first day.Slamming chief minister Manohar Parrikar for \"fooling the youngsters\", Lourenco said Parrikar should make it clear whether or not he will recruit these youngsters. \"If he isn't going to (recruit them), he should say so,\" said Lourenco.Reacting to the BJP challenge to the Congress to go to court on the recruitment issue, Lourenco said Parrikar should fund the Congress general secretary Sudip Tamandkar and should provide a Delhi-based good lawyer to file the case in court. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15864654", "title": "U-14 chess champ wins in Orissa", "text": "NASHIK: The U-14 international chess champion Vidit Gujrathi of Nashik added yet another feather to his already illustrious cap by winning the Keshbanand Memorial Chess Tournament at Bhubaneshwar, Orissa. The maiden event attracted around 100 top chess playersincluding a couple of GMs and 20 IMs from all over India.Vidit began by overcoming five opponents in the initial matches to take a firm grip on the event. His final score, 8 points out of 10, helped him walk away as the first one from Nashik with the title. A class XII Science student of KTHM College, Nashik, Vidit was tied at 8 points with two others, but on the basis of a tie-breaker, he was declared the champion.He went to the tournament after a ten-day camp with the Kazakhstan GM Evengny Vladimazarov, organized by the Lakshy-Vascon in Pune. \"The camp really helped me iron out a few flaws in my game due to a long break. But this title will definitely boost my confidence in my journey to the last norm for the GM,\" said the 20-year old, four-time national age-groupchampion. With 2498 ELO points in his kitty he is sitting pretty on the verge of becoming the first from Nashik and the third from Maharashtra to become the Grand Master. Privin Thipsay and Abhijeet Kunte are the other two who were anointed with the GM title a few years back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15877022", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan to play Pakistani protagonist", "text": "It may well be his most controversial role till date but Big B, who's always in search of newer challenges, has verbally given his nod to playing a Pakistani national in sound designer Resul Pookutty's directorial debut.The script of the yet-untitled project has already been submitted to Bachchan.When contacted, Resul chose to play safe. \"I have approached Mr Bachchan for the film that I want to direct. The character is from another country but it is not a political film. It's an extremely humane subject that touches the lives of people on both sides of the border.\"The subject came to Resul from a close friend. \"It's written by an old classmate of mine, Amitabh Singh. The idea came to him from a news report that he saw on a television channel. When he came to me with the script, I was completely blown away. I had to direct this film, and direct it with Mr Bachchan in the lead.\"According to Resul, he's got 'Big Brother' A R Rahman to compose the music for his film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15865458", "title": "Saba likely to double up as naazir of Bhopal rubaat", "text": "BHOPAL: The first meeting of the newly constituted advisory body of the Auqaf-e-Shahi (royal waqf properties) would be held here on Tuesday with a view to end the rubaat row. It is learnt that the mutawalli (custodian of waqf properties) Saba Sultan is likely to be declared as the 'naazir' or caretaker of Bhopal rubaat (guest for haj pilgrims in Mecca).Sources said, even though Sohail Ahmed was appointed new Nazir for Bhopal rubaat earlier in July, a court in Saudi Arabia has designated Saba Sultan as Naazir for the rubaats. The committee is likely to appoint a Vakeel (advisor) from either of the two shortlisted candidates Sohail Ahmed or Fahim Rizvi - both Saudi citizens with Bhopal connections.Saba has failed to reach the state capital, while her mother Sharmila Tagore arrived here in the evening. Saba took over as the custodian of Auqaf-e-Shahi after her father, Nawab Mansoor Ali Khan's death in September 2011. Pataudi's sister Saleha Sultan and brother-in-law Arjuman Ali Khan (Sabiha Sultan's husband) would also attend the meet.Auqaf-e-Shahi are charitable properties of the erstwhile nawabs worth crores most of which are now locked in disputes. Citing the religious and charitable significance of the rubaats, a section of people have been demanding that in keeping with tradition the 'naazir' should be a person who is associated with Bhopal.\"Settling the row over the handling of the rubaats is going to be the main focus,\" said a committee member, on condition of anonymity. The rubaats include two prime properties in holy city of Mecca and Medina belonging to the erstwhile Nawabs of Bhopal.Besides the rubaats, the issue of Tayiba Bi's all-girls school, Madarsa Hayaat-ul-Uloom that had been served eviction notice by Auqaf-e-Shahi is likely to be deliberated. Established in 1952, the school alumnus boasts of some of the female best-known scholars, teachers and doctors in the city. The school was inaugurated by Sajida Sultan, the last Nawab of Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15867441", "title": "CB to grill 'fraud' firm owner today", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chairman and managing director of Seashore Group of Companies Prashant Kumar Das would appear before the Crime Branch for interrogation here on Tuesday. Das and other directors of the dubious chit fund company were earlier booked for cheating and dishonesty through money laundering. Five directors of the company were quizzed by the economic offences wing of the Crime Branch here on August 22.The Orissa high court had recently asked the accused to appear before the investigating agency for inquiry. The high court also directed the Crime Branch not to arrest them till issuance of further orders. Sources said the company had an annual turnover of nearly Rs 500 crore, out of which nearly Rs 450 crore was raised from the public, who had invested to double their investments in quick time, Crime Branch sources said.\"While the company was paying nearly 24% interest annually to each depositor, around 15% of money was being paid towards corporate income tax and 4% as dividend tax. After spending so much amount officially towards the three heads, it is surprising that the company still managed to make hefty profits and diversified its money into other business,\" ADG (crime branch) B K Sharma said.Sources said the central economic intelligence bureau had recently written to the chief secretary that the company paid nearly Rs 100 crore dividend to public in 2010-11. \"During interrogation we will try to find about the company's other sources of income,\" Sharma said. Police suspected that the money of some politicians were stashed in the company.The income tax last year stumbled upon nearly Rs 150 crore unaccounted money during a routine check on the company, sources said. \"The company managed to pay nearly Rs 38 crore penalty for the differences in income and expenditure in three or four installments. We have engaged a chartered accountant to thoroughly scan its accounts,\" Sharma said.The Crime Branch on July 18 had raided the company premises here and booked Das and other directors (mostly his relatives) under several sections of Prize Chits and Money Circulation Schemes (Banning) Act of 1978.Though the company MD and other functionaries were not available for comments, the company, on its television channel has been airing a message, urging its customers not to panic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15859188", "title": "Antibiotic resistance and return of the microbe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In an alarming revelation, infectious diseases experts expressed fear that we might be moving back towards a pre-antibiotic era where people died because of lack of medication for many infections. Currently, doctors are increasingly getting cases where the infection is not sensitive to any drugs in the market or to just one or two drugs.\"Antibiotic resistance is the biggest challenge we are facing in ICUs. On a monthly basis, I see six-odd cases of infection which is sensitive only to one antibiotic. Once a month, I see a patient with an infection which is not sensitive to any drug,\" said critical care specialist Dr Ashit Hegde of Hinduja Hospital, Mumbai.The problem, which threatens to get only bigger, was the key focus of the national medical conference 'Sepsis Update', held in the city in the run up to 'World Sepsis Day' on September 13. The conference was jointly organized by Ahmedabad Physicians' Association and Vital Care Associates.Consultant critical care specialist at Rajasthan Hospital Dr Jigar Mehta said antibiotic resistance in India is largely due to rampant misuse of antibiotics. \"A strict protocol needs to be followed in the community as well as hospitals to safeguard the efficacy of antibiotics. Not only do patients buy and use over the counter antibiotics, prescription is rampant even in hospitals,\" Dr Mehta said.\"The government needs to formulate a strict policy on dispensation and use of antibiotics in the country. Else we will soon reach a point where infections will have mutated and we won't have enough of an arsenal in terms of newer drugs, to fight them,\" said critical care specialist Dr Faruk Memon.Senior microbiologist and infection control expert Dr Bhavini Shah said that antibiotic resistance needs urgent action from policy makers in terms of implementation of strict protocols as there are hardly any new drugs in the pipeline.\"Nearly 25% of infections we isolate are multiple-drug resistant.This is alarming, especially as there are hardly going to be new drugs for the next ten years while the microbes are fast mutating to beat existing drugs. If ignored, the problem can explode,\" said Dr Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15852455", "title": "Top cop gets a surprise visitor", "text": "MUMBAI: MNS chief Raj Thackeray , the person to whom many ascribed former city police chief Arup Patnaik's hurried transfer after the August 11 mob violence, on Monday met Patnaik's successor, Satya Pal Singh, to \"boost the city police's morale\".Thackeray's party was at the receiving end of stern police action during Patnaik's tenure, the most recent being the arrest of MNS corporator Prakash Darekar, the brother of key MNS MLA Pravin Darekar. The sequence of events, right from the August 11 violence to Thackeray's public call for Patnaik's scalp 10 days later to ultimately the latter's transfer, set tongues wagging about the significance of Monday's Singh-Thackeray meet. The MNS chief, however, denied any motive other than \"boosting cops' morale\".Thackeray, who drove in his Mercedes to reach the police commissionerate around 4.30 pm, spoke to Singh for 25 minutes. Talking to the media after the meeting, Thackeray said, \"Whenever new commissioners are appointed at the BMC and the city police HQ, I congratulate them. I came here to express my best wishes to Singh and asked him to boost the morale of the force and also police personnel's families. The police chief had admitted at his press conference that the morale of the force had gone down after the August 11 violence.\"The MNS took out a rally on August 23 without police permission, with a case being registered against the party's general secretary Shirish Sawant and others for marching from Girgaum Chowpatty to Azad Maidan. Police permission was only for a gathering at the maidan.Thackeray, whose party workers were in the news late last month for vandalism during a film shoot in Borivli, said, \"I expect from the new police chief that mistakes committed in the past will not be repeated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15858995", "title": "This mechanic celebrates Sir M Visvesvaraya's birthday every year", "text": "MYSORE: The mere mention of the name of Sir M Visvesvaraya makes this automobile mechanic go into raptures. For the past 15 years, Srinivas A, 46, has been celebrating Sir MV's birthday every year by distributing sweets to all those who visit his shop on August 27. \"I have read in some books that he was born on this date and so I celebrate the day,'' he says.It all started when he visited KRS dam in 1995. He felt happy looking at the dam built across River Cauvery. His visit to the dam created a curiosity about the person who planned it. Though Srinivas has studied only till third standard, \"I started reading books about him as I was curious to know more about him and his contribution to our country,\" he adds. From that day, he became an ardent devotee of Sir MV and worships his photograph every day. Three months ago, he was invited by Akashavani to speak about Visvesvaraya. That programme got him an invitation to visit Sir MV's house in Bangalore.He says with admiration: ``It was Sir MV who prepared the automobile industry plan. I am earning my livelihood because of this great personality.\"This year it is special for Srinivas. He has informed the family of Visvesvaraya about the birthday celebrations.\"They have said that they will invite me to their place again,'' he says with joy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15861646", "title": "Ex-AIIMS director Dave appointed consultant for health roadmap", "text": "PANAJI: The government has appointed Dr P K Dave, former director of the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), Delhi, as consultant to prepare a comprehensive roadmap for the health sector in Goa, health minister Laxmikant Parsekar said on Monday.Parsekar said that Dave will also study the infrastructure requirement for hospitals in Goa and submit his report to the government within 45 days. Dhave's report will guide the government on how best to optimize the government hospitals to deliver quality health care to Goans, Parsekar said.The health secretary, the director of health services and the dean of the Goa Medical College will assist Dave in preparing the roadmap.Parsekar said that GMC dean Dr V N Jindal has been given a three-month extension since he has vast knowledge into the working of the GMC and his services are required in this regard.Parsekar also said that the government is negotiating with ICICI Lombard to improve the universal mediclaim scheme as the government wants to improve the ceiling limit from 60,000 to 2 lakh per family per annum. Health secretary Parimal Rai, who has been asked to negotiate with ICICI Lombard, has held four rounds of talks with ICICI Lombard and if the talks fail, the government will go for re-tendering.Parsekar said the government has asked ICICI Lombard to stop further enrollment of families to the scheme. He said the government found that the agreement with ICICI Lombard was not done in a proper manner and that it was finalized in a hurry.If the government is able to increase the ceiling limit, all private hospitals in Goa would be empanelled and families can opt for hospitals of their choice, Parsekar said.The health minister said that this will help the government to withdraw the present mediclaim scheme in a phased manner, while pointing out that the government was spending about 35 crore annually on mediclaim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15850195", "title": "Coal allocations made for hefty bribes, says BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rebuffing Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's defence, BJP on Monday further ramped up its offensive over coalgate, with its leader in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj accusing Congress of allocating coal mines in return for mega bribes.\"Mota maal mila hai Congress ko\" (Congress got big bucks),\" Swaraj said, escalating the confrontation which has jammed Parliament and triggered speculation that the monsoon session could be adjourned sine die.Swaraj along with Arun Jaitley, her counterpart in Rajya Sabha, was responding to the PM's 32-point statement where he rejected the charge of resignation by denying any wrongdoing in the allocation of coal mines and disputing CAG's estimate of gains for private players.\"Congress has got a fat sum from coal block allocation, that is why this delay (in amending the laws) was caused. My charge is that huge revenue was generated but it did not go to the government and went to the Congress party,\" Swaraj said.Her \"mota maal\" charge was confirmation that the party, unfazed by government's criticism for holding up Parliament or lack of support from non-Congress players, is in no mood to step down from its \"maximalist\" demand for the PM's resignation.Asked about the reluctance of other parties to back their demand that PM needs to quit, Jaitley said, \"We don't stand alone, and on corruption even if we have to fight alone, it will be a majestic isolation.\"He also said Congress was directly linked to alleged bribery. \"If an impartial probe is conducted, I can say with full responsibility as leader of opposition that Congress will be in the dock along with the government,\" he said.Jaitley's assertion about the party's readiness to risk isolation came on a day when JD(U) appeared to be rallying behind the senior NDA partner in the offensive, and pointed to a strategy to keep the issue of corruption alive in the run-up to the coming polls in Gujarat and Haryana where the party will be pitted against Congress.This was the reason why party did not seem perturbed when speculation swirled that government could consider seeking a trust vote to find a way out of the gridlock in Parliament and bolster its political stock. \"Let them try it. They can manipulate numbers. But we will turn the contest into a referendum on corruption,\" Jaitley said before the government denied any such move.In their press conference, Swaraj and Jaitley brushed aside the PM's attempt to pin part of the blame for Coalgate on opposition-ruled states. \"While the PM started off by saying that he takes responsibility, the fact is that he has blamed everyone except himself,\" Jaitley said.He accused the PM of attacking \"constitutionalism and constitutional authority (CAG). He said Singh's reply was an attack on parliamentary democracy. \"UPA tries to subvert constitutional authority and when it does not succeed it attacks the authority... It is a defiance of ethics in governance and polity,\" Jaitley said.He also argued that coal being a major mineral, states had little role in deciding the policy of its allocation, and that their views were disregarded by the Centre in any case in 2006 when the government decided to amend the law to facilitate auctions.Jaitley also attacked the government for citing the imperative of growth to defend allocations without bidding, saying, \"If the purpose behind allocation of coal mines was saving time, getting more GDP growth, and power generation it has been defeated... Mining has been negligible in these 142 mines. Between 2004 and 2012, their contribution to GDP growth has been nil.\"He also stressed that while 70 coal blocks were allotted between 1994 and 2006 -- and most of these were for public sector units -- 142 blocks have been allotted from 2006 onwards. Demanding the scrapping of the allocations, he said, \"Besides loss to the exchequer, the rational for cancellation of these 142 blocks is that nobody should be allowed to enjoy the fruits of a corrupt allotment at the cost of public exchequer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15869158", "title": "Aman's bronze takes her to Nagpur meet", "text": "LUDHIANA: Bringing pride and joy to her alma mater, Khalsa College for Women, 18-year-old Amandeep Kaur has been selected for the inter-university meet scheduled for Nagpur soon. The young athlete recently won a bronze medal in cross-country at the inter-college meet at Panjab University.Pursuing graduation from the city, Amandeep belongs to Hoshiarpur. \"This was my first outing in an inter-college meet and fortunately for me, a medal came in my maiden effort,\" she said. The fact that Khalsa College for Women stood second in the competition added to Amandeep's happiness.\"One of the major reasons behind my success is the cooperation from my college,\" the teenager said, addingshe put in many hours in practice.Happy with his trainee's performance, Amandeep's coach Gurmeet Singh at Guru Nanak Dev Stadium said, \"She has a great stamina for cross-country event and has proved her mettle many times.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15860854", "title": "Bihar government appoints Ashok Sinha as new chief secretary", "text": "PATNA: In a major administrative reshuffle, the state government on Monday appointed development commissioner Ashok K Sinha (1976 batch) as the new chief secretary (CS) with effect from August 31. The incumbent CS, Navin Kumar, will retire on Friday. A postgraduate in physics, Sinha will superannuate on June 30, 2014.Sinha has served major departments, including water resources development, industries and agriculture. A former DM of Sitamarhi, Madhubani, Giridih and Hazaribag, Sinha has been serving as development commissioner since November 15 last year.Two senior IAS officers - Manoj K Srivastava and Chandragupta Ashok Vardhan - have been elevated to the rank of chief secretary. Their elevation has been done to fill vacancies to be created after the retirement of chief secretary and the principal secretary, Subhkirti Majumdar. In the pay scale of CS, there are four posts each in the cadre and ex-cadre categories.In another major development, a 1981 batch IAS officer and an ex-JNUite, Anjani K Singh, currently principal secretary, agriculture, has been appointed as the principal secretary to the CM secretariat. The last officer to serve the post was a retired IAS officer from UP cadre and now Rajya Sabha MP, R C P Singh. Anjani, considered as a 'performer' IAS, has successfully handled Bihar centenary celebrations, world women's kabaddi championship, national volleyball championship and national youth festival.He headed the education department during the last five years before he was shifted to agriculture department. He is also the nodal officer of the proposed new international museum in the state capital.Two secretaries in the CM secretariat - S Siddharth (1991) and Chanchal Kumar (1992) have been given full-fledged departments. Siddharth has been made secretary of the urban and housing development department while Chanchal has been made secretary, building construction department. He will hold additional charge of art, culture and youth affairs department.The principal secretary, panchayati raj department, Phul Singh has been made the development commissioner. Principal secretary, parliamentary affairs, Manoj K Srivastava has been promoted and posted as the commissioner, departmental inquiries. Principal secretary C Ashok Vardhan has been promoted and retained in the land reforms and revenue department.Adviser to Bihar state planning board, Anil Kumar , has been made chief adviser in the same department. He will hold additional charge of Bihar State Co-operative Bank. Principal secretary, industries and sugarcane department, Alok K Sinha will be the new agriculture production commissioner ( APC ). Principal secretary, water resources development department, Afzal Amanullah will hold additional charge of industries.Divisional commissioner, Tirhut, S K Negi will be the new commissioner Patna. The present incumbent, K P Ramaiah, has been made principal secretary, mines and geology department. Ramaiah will hold additional charge of director, Bihar mines geology development corporation and mines commissioner.Additional commissioner, departmental inquiries, Amitabh Verma has been made principal secretary, panchayati raj. Additional member, Bihar board of revenue, Rajesh Gupta will hold additional charge of administrator, Bihar State Co-operative Bank.Principal secretary, rural development department, A Santosh Matthew has gone to the labour resources department in the same capacity. Matthew will hold additional charge of principal secretary, public grievances at CM secretariat.Principal secretary, building construction department, Sudhir Kumar has been made principal secretary of parliamentary affairs department. Secretary, urban and housing development department, Sudhir Kumar, has been made new secretary of the sugarcane industries. He will hold additional charge of MD, Bihar state industrial development corporation.Secretary, labour resources department, Amrit Lal Meena has been made new secretary of the rural development department while secretary, minor irrigation, Deepak Prasad will hold additional charge of MD, Bihar state food and civil supplies.Secretary, Bihar human rights commission , Vandana Kinni, will be the new divisional commissioner, Darbhanga, while secretary, cooperatives, Rajit Punhani has been made secretary in social welfare department. The present incumbent, Sandeep Paundrik has been made secretary, registration, excise and prohibition.The administrator, Bihar state road transport corporation (BSRTC), Uday Singh Kumawat has been made secretary, expenditure in the department of finance. The present incumbent, Mihir Kumar Singh has been made commissioner, Tirhut. Kumawat will hold additional charge of administrator, BSRTC.Secretary, rural works department, B Rajender has been given additional charge of MD, Bihar state beverage corporation while secretary, social welfare, Ashish Kumar will hold additional charge of the secretary, Bihar human rights commission.MD, Bihar state food and civil supplies corporation, Pradeep Kumar has been made commissioner, MGNREGA, in the rural development department. The director, midday meal in the education department, R Lakhmanan will hold additional charge of joint secretary, rural works department. He will also hold additional charge of the CEO, Bihar rural roads development agency.Project director, Bihar Gram Swraj Society, Patna, Lokesh Kumar Singh has been made additional secretary, panchayati raj department. Singh will also hold additional charge of the gram swaraj society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15850449", "title": "Enforcement Directorate notices to BCCI on IPL", "text": "MUMBAI: The Enforcement Directorate has issued show-cause notices to the Board of Control for Cricket in India for Fema contraventions in acceptance of performance deposits.The deposits amount to Rs 60 crore for award of contracts for the IPL.IPL.ED investigations have shown these contraventions \"were committed by the BCCI while accepting performance deposits (of Rs 20 crore) from Emerging Media Sporting Holdings Ltd, UK, when they bid for Rajasthan Royals and (Rs 40 crore) from MSM Satellite (Singapore) Pte Ltd, when they bid for the media rights.\"Show-cause notices have been issued to BCCI and its officials Lalit Modi (now suspended), current BCCI president N Srinivasan, former secretary Niranjan Shah for contravention of section 6(3) of Fema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15851909", "title": "HC raps BBMP, wants report on garbage disposal", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Monday directed BBMP and the state government to file a detailed report in three days, regarding the position of the city's garbage.A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen observed that aggrieved villagers are justified in protesting the dumping of the city's garbage, without any effort being made to recycle or treat the waste.\"We disagree with statements of certain public figures that villagers should be tolerant in accepting waste. Those who create waste are primarily responsible for its disposal and establishment of recycling units. The respondents are unable to appraise any such unit being put into operation for the disposal of garbage/waste by way of incinerators or segregation, which is causing health hazards and environment pollution,\" the bench observed in its order.Earlier during the hearing, the bench pulled up the BBMP for failing to come up with any alternatives. \"Garbage will definitely increase. It is increasing because you have not taken any steps. What was the administration doing? You don't seem bothered. You should have taken alternative measures. The increase in garbage is only a lame excuse... We will have to order suspension or termination of officials,\" the Bench warned when it stated that the problem is on account of increase in garbage.BBMP counsel KN Putte Gowda informed the court that the main problem is disposal as villagers at the sites identified for dumping are up in arms. He informed court that he would get back with suitable instructions.'SUPERSEDE BBMP'GR Mohan, city advocate who filed the PIL, told the court that garbage-laden trucks are stranded at Mandur landfill site.In his petition, he claimed that Bangalore is now being called 'Garbage City' because of the failure of 28 MLAs and 198 corporators to address the issue. He sought direction to the state government to supersede the BBMP and appoint an administrator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15852220", "title": "Vanishing vultures make way for stray dogs", "text": "BANGALORE: Excess garbage being generated and not disposed of properly, muck lying in heaps on streets and overflowing dumpyards - an everyday scene in Bangalore of late... the obvious consequence is a huge swell in the stray dog population in the city. Feasting on readymade food, the dogs then multiply manifold.Wildlife experts attribute the stray dog count going up to the drastic fall in vulture numbers, which earlier were a major competitor for dogs. Fifteen years ago, the mighty scavengers were there in millions, now they are on the verge of extinction. And consequently, the increase in stray dog population.Consider this. Three species of South Asia's vultures have declined by 97% and one of the species by 99.9%. Their decline has been quicker than that of any other wild bird, notes the SAVE ( Saving Asia's Vultures from Extinction). The single largest reason of the decline is the generous use of the veterinary drug, diclofenac, toxic for any vulture that feeds on the carcass of the cattle treated with this drug. Though banned for use in India, Pakistan and Nepal way back in 2006, it continues to be sold and used illegally as on date, thereby killing vultures in huge numbers.New ThreatsPainkiller Aceclofenac, used on cattle, is equally dangerous for vultures since it gets metabolized into diclofenac. \"To create a safe natural environment for vultures in South Asia , banning unsafe drugs and safety testing of other potentially toxic drugs should be a priority,\" said Asad Rahmani, director of Bombay Natural History Society.\"The aceclofenac issue points at the need for a comprehensive environmental evaluation of veterinary drugs before granting licences. All other untested veterinary drugs must be subjected to safety testing first,\" said Pradeep Sharma of the Rajasthan University of Veterinary and Animal Science, Bikaner. He recently presented a paper 'Aceclofenac as a potential threat to the critically endangered vultures in India: A review'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15851916", "title": "Prosecution wants death for Arun Gawli", "text": "MUMBAI: A special MCOCA court on Monday adjourned the hearing on the quantum of punishment to be awarded to gangster-turned-politician Arun Gawli and 11 others convicted in the 2007 murder of Shiv Sena corporator Kamlakar Jamsandekar.On Monday, the prosecution sought death penalty for Gawli and two others, Vijaykumar Giri and Pratap Godse. The defence will have its turn on Tuesday and then, the sentence could be pronounced.After the conviction on Friday, Gawli sought leniency saying he was 60 years old and had to look after his wife, children and an aged mother. Stating that this could not be mitigating circumstances, special public prosecutor Raja Thakre argued, \"Jamsandekar, an innocent gullible man, was shot at point-blank range when he was watching TV, with his child doing his homework by his side and his niece in the kitchen. If you care for family, then why don't you have any regard for the widow and the child in whose presence the victim was killed?\" Adding Gawli showed no remorse, he said as an MLA, he acted without any care for life.The court can award death sentence if the prosecution can prove that a case falls under the rarest of rare cases. But, in a hearing that lasted almost three hours, Thakre argued this criteria should not be applicable to special statutes like MCOCA. \"We are dealing with a case where organized crime syndicate has been proved. This is perhaps the first case where a kingpin has been proven guilty. This should be considered while deciding on the punishment,\" Thakre said. Gawli had 49 cases against him since '80s, of which, two are now pending.According to Thakre, Gawli was involved in illegal activities, including contract killing and extortion, with the help of the members of his crime syndicate. \"Confessions of the accused showed how the syndicate was run by Gawli,\" Thakre told the court. \"It is not merely an offence of a moment, it's the culmination of a serhe only appropriate punishment.\"Referring to Giri, Thakre said evidence on record\u2014 such as statements of witnesses and confessions of two co-accused\u2014shows he was the shooter. \"Godse asked a witness to show Jamsandekar's house to the accused. He also supplied money and weapons to the killers,\" Thakre said.In court were present Gawli's family, supporters and residents of Dagdi Chawl, who prayed for a lighter punishment for \"Daddy\". His daughter Geeta Gawli said the evidence was very weak and they were sure of an acquittal. \"It makes no sense to seek death penalty,\" she said.Looking at the manner of the commission of murder, motive, magnitude and the personality of the victim, death is the only appropriate punishment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15859193", "title": "IIT students, staff protest media glare", "text": "CHENNAI: Staff and students of IIT Madras organized a candlelight vigil on Monday evening on the campus in response to the media glare on the institution after a photographer was allegedly beaten up when he went there to cover a suicide on August 21.A press release from the IIT said, \"we only appeal to all those involved to stand up for the truth. Our only desire is to let truth prevail.\"\"It has been a painful few days for us. We have seen that truth has not prevailed. Our women students feel harassed when photographed against their wishes, and we are not allowed to even point this out,\" the release said.\"We cannot even stand up for the truth. It makes us angry and want to fight back. But we will not retaliate. We will fight for truth to prevail.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15869771", "title": "Marandi calls for probe into coal blocks allocated by Munda, Koda regimes", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatanrik chief and former chief minister Babulal Marandi on Monday accused chief minister Arjun Munda of favouring certain private players in allocation of coal blocks during his three terms in office. JMV-P has also accused former the Madhu Koda government of irregularity in recommending coal blocks to private firms.Marandi said that the successive governments led by Arjun Munda recommended the Centre to allocate 14 coal blocks to various players, including private companies. \"An in-depth probe into all the recommendations for coal block allocation made by the Munda government will expose the names of those who benefited and how much loss did it result in for the government exchequer,\" Marandi said.The state's first chief minister added that the Madhu Koda-led government, which was in power for about two years between 2006 and 2008, also made several recommendations to the Centre for the allocation of 13 coal blocks. \"The recommendations of the Koda government should also be investigated,\" Marandi said. He also accused BJP and Congress of being equal partners in robbing the country of its natural resources and branded the Opposition's demand for Prime Minister's resignation as \"nothing but sheer rhetoric\".The JVM leader, who was here on his way to adjoining Seraikela-Kharswan district to participate in a party's programme, claimed mid-term Assembly election in the state is apparent. \"Corruption and infighting between the coalition allies will lead to the premature collapse of the present government,\" said Marandi.Marandi also called for swift justice for illegal Bangladeshi settlers in Jharkhand and elsewhere in India. \"With insufficient job opportunities in their own country ( Bangladesh ), they come to India in search of a livelihood. We should be sympathetic to them,\" said Marandi. Marandi on his last visit to the city earlier this month had appealed to the people not to target Bangladseshi settlers for the Assam violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15869508", "title": "Punjab Agricultural University to honour Tajikistan president", "text": "LUDHIANA: Though the Republic of Tajikistan , a mountainous landlocked country in central Asia, so far does not enjoy any significant bilateral trade or diplomatic relations with the state, Punjab Agricultural University is all set to initiate the relations by conferring a top honour upon its president, Emomali Rahmon.PAU will confer the degree of 'Doctor of Science' (honoris causa) on the Tajikistan president, who is coming on his fifth visit to the country. The ceremony would take place on on September 4. \"PAU will hold a special convocation on September 4 to confer the Doctor of Science (honoris causa) upon the president of the Republic of Tajikistan. The chancellor of PAU, Shivraj Patil , who is also the governor of Punjab, will preside over this function,\" PAU's additional director of communication centre, Jagtar Dhiman, told TOI.PAU registrar R K Mahey said: \"The Tajikistan president is coming on a state visit and we have got a communication from the Union ministry of external affairs in this regard. They have asked us to honour him as India and Tajikistan have enjoyed good relations for many years.\"Besides, Rahmon also has a deep interest in agriculture and PAU officials feel it could be a new beginning of long-term ties between the varsity and Tajikistan. \"Punjab and Tajikistan share many commonalities in the field of agriculture. Just like Punjab, the main crop there are wheat and cotton. We are expecting a bright future,\" said Mahey.Tajikistan borders Afghanistan to the south, Uzbekistan to the west, Kyrgyzstan to the north and China to the east.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "15860976", "title": "Malayalam varsity to be set up at Vettam", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The all-party meeting, which was convened on Monday to finalize the location for the proposed Malayalam University at Tirur, has decided to set up the University in Vettam Panchayat, near Thunjanparamba.Confusion had been prevailing for the last many months on the location for the proposed university, even though the government had announced that the University will start functioning on November 1, 'Keralappiravi' day.Earlier, government had decided to set up the University near Thunjanparamba, the land of Malayalam patriarch Thunjath Ramanujan Ezhuthachan. Land for the university was identified near Thunjan Memorial College campus in Vettam panchayat. But when a group of local people in Athavanadu and Vettam came up with strong protest against the university project, government planned to shift the project to a new location and decided to identify a new land for the project. Government had already begun land acquisition for the varsity at Vettam. The all party-meeting has decided to start the acquisition procedures for the remaining land soon.The procedures to acquire 20 acres of land on the campus of Tunjan Memorial College have already started, and 53 acres of land have already been identified near the college campus. In the beginning the university will start functioning at a temporary building on the Tunjan Memorial College campus.The Malayalam University was announced by the chief minister last October. In a report submitted to government, K Jayakumar, the special officer of university project had recommended a state of the art campus for the university with five study centres -- Bhasha Vinjanakosham, Sahithyakosham, Kalakosham, Paythrukapadanakosham, and Vinjanapaithrika Kosham.The Malayalam University was announced by the chief minister last October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "10400824", "title": "Never take up dieting on Tuesday", "text": "If you're thinking of going on a diet to cut extra pounds, don't do it today, because a new study has claimed that Tuesday is the worst day of the week to begin a diet.The poll of 2,000 British women who have dieted in the past year found that dieters who start on a Tuesday are most likely to lose their resolve within a week - and end up heavier than when they started.On the other hand those who start on a Sunday or Monday are far more likely to shed the most weight.\"Psychologically, dieters are more motivated to continue if they start afresh at the beginning of the week,\" the Daily Mail quoted a spokesman for Tesco Diets, which commissioned the poll.Sunday dieters lost an average of 8lb over three weeks - and 88 per cent then kept that weight off.The study also found that those who start their diet on a Saturday have a clear goal in mind and are more likely to see the dieting commitment through to the end to meet their weight-loss targets.It also emerged the majority ditch their diet on a Friday after a stressful week at work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15867879", "title": "In ward No. 7, it's local", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The byelection for municipal ward number 7, which includes Maloya, is all set to see a contest between a local and an \"outsider\".The family of BJP candidate, Bindu Rana, is based in Maloya, while Congress' contender Poonam Sharma is a resident of Chandigarh. BSP's Seema Yadav too is a Maloya resident.The previous election was won by a local candidate of BJP, Laxmi Devi. Her death in a road accident has left the seat vacant, necessitating a by-poll. Now, her daughter-in-law will contest the poll on the party ticket. Before Devi, an outsider had won the seat.President of local wing of Congress B B Bahl said, \"Congress will seek votes for development. Besides, Poonam is a district (II) president and the ward comes under her jurisdictiona?\u00a6 she knows the problems of the locals.\"BJP general secretary Arun Sood said, \"In December, BJP clinched the seat with a margin of over 1,300 votes. This time, it will poll more votes.\"On Monday, the BSP candidate filed her nomination papers. The BJP candidate will file her papers on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15863017", "title": "Appointment row: Go to court, BJP baits Congress", "text": "PANAJI: The BJP on Monday challenged the opposition Congress to go to court over the issue of the recruitment of over 200 mines field supervisors and to prove the government wrong in faulting the appointments.Briefing the media, BJP state president Laxmikant Parsekar, party spokesman Vishnu Surya Wagh and general secretary Narendra Sawaikar, demanded a public apology from former chief minister Digambar Kamat, who held the mines portfolio for 12 years. The apology is \"for fooling the unemployed youth by committing irregularities in employing them\".Elaborating on the 'faults' in the recruitment process, Parsekar said the selection committee apparently interviewed 1,069 candidates on one single day.\"If they completed the exercise within eight working hours, then they could not have given more than 20 seconds to each candidate,\" said the Mandrem MLA.Wagh said the report of the anti-corruption branch of the vigilance department into the recruitments, has thrown up some shocking revelations.Among other things, 219 offers of appointment were made under one outward number when the offers should have been sent under separate outward numbers, said the St Andre MLA.He also said that the offers of appointment were made on December 23 and that the code of conduct came into force on December 24, 2011.\"The candidates also started accepting the offers when the election code of conduct was in force,\" Wagh pointed out.He said that although the dates for the oral interviews were set from November 28 to November 30, 2011 and also for December 1, 2, 5 and 6, 2011, the oral interviews were shown as postponed and shown as having been held on December 21.Wagh also said that the selection report of the committee has been signed by the members, but the annexure with names has not been signed by them.Stating that this is suspicious, he demanded that an FIR should be filed against those involved in the irregular appointments.Lamenting that the Congress is now politicizing the issue to draw mileage out of it, Parsekar said the six-member (mines) departmental selection committee will also land in trouble (for the recruitments) and added that the officers concerned would become scapegoats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15853427", "title": "Schoolteacher jumps to death from Metro station", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 24-year-old woman allegedly committed suicide by jumping from the Preet Vihar Metro Station around 8am. Karishma Narang, a teacher in a private school at Geeta Colony, was rushed to a nearby hospital but was declared dead.\"No suicide note was recovered from her possession except for a chit with the words 'Love You' scribbled in blood, which was found in her bag. A love angle is suspected. However, a probe is on,\" said a senior cop. The CCTV footage shows that Narang was in a dilemma before she took the plunge. She can be seen pacing up and down for a couple of seconds,'' said the officer.Narang's death comes after a series of suicide attempts at Metro stations in the past one year. On August 15, a 60-year-old man jumped in front of a train at Tilak Nagar Metro Station. However, he was saved as the driver applied the emergency brakes in time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15859707", "title": "Legal aid clinic at Trichy collectorate", "text": "TRICHY: A legal aid clinic was opened at the district collectorate with a view to provide basic legal services to the people. It was inaugurated by the principal district and sessions judge P Velmurugan here on Monday.The clinic was established by the district legal services authority (DLSA) that functions at the district court in Trichy. Though DLSA is providing all the legal aid to the people, the clinic has been set up in the district collectorate for easy access to the people. A panel lawyer and a paralegal volunteer are deputed in the clinic to solve the disputes amicably. The centre would function from 2pm to 5pm on all working days. The panel lawyers would be deputed on a monthly basis. Advocate C Gnanasekaran has been deputed in the centre at present.After the inauguration, judge Velmurugan said that besides legal services, the paralegal volunteers would offer services not related with legal and take their matter to the government officials concerned to solve their problem. Moreover, they planned to open legal aid centres in corporation office, taluk office, Bharathidasan University, Trichy and panchayat offices.S Dhanapal, senior administrative officer told TOI, \"People who have any grievance under the MGNREGS, too, can approach the centre to get their problems solved. A paralegal volunteer would provide basic legal advice to the people. There are 86 paralegal volunteers in the district. If needed, we would avail their service.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15866960", "title": "Rain kills, but also unites Jaipurites", "text": "JAIPUR: The killer rain may have claimed lives and destroyed property worth crores, but there's a silver lining even is this disaster.In this hour of crisis, Jaipurites have used their positive mindset once again and stood up to fight the calamity. They have united to fight nature's fury. Caste, creed and religion have taken a back seat.People are not only organising mass feast for the victims whose houses were still inundated, but were also seen offering help to the needy.The scene at Mohana Mandi vegetable market which is the biggest wholesale mart for fruits and vegetable was different on Monday when heavy downpour lashed the city. Unlike the regular hullabaloo when traders remain engaged in loading and unloading fruits and vegetables in various trucks, they had assembled to organise a mass feast of nearly 200 people from Madrampura Kachchi basti who have been residing in a camp.It was the turn of Sarvar Khan a wholesale trader of fruits and vegetables at the mandi to organise the feast. The traders have set up a lottery system to so that all traders get a chance to treat the needy.\"Since Wednesday we have been organising these feasts. We are deciding it through a lottery system. It was my turn and I am happy to be associated with it. I am thankful to Allah that he has made competent enough to serve those who have lost their houses and valuables in the rain,\" Khan said while serving food in the feast on Monday.Khan added that at a time when poor people living at Madrampura slum have lost everything, people should come forward to help them.Many traders, however, said that there were merely 200 victims at the camp, however number of people who attended the feast recorded 3,000. \"Actually people of the nearby villages are also pouring in to have free lunch. We have kept our gates open. Can we question who's a victim and who's not,\" asked Govind Chelani, a wholesale trader of fruits at Mohana Mandi.The rain has also brought various temples across the city including the famous Govindev Ji to offer food and sweets to the colonies including Bhatta Basti and Prem Colony that has lot of minority community members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15857262", "title": "DSC Ltd, Rapid Metro blame each other for traffic jams", "text": "GURGAON: It was a manic Monday for commuters using Delhi-Gurgaon expressway as traffic jams prevailed throughout the day on city's main road.During morning peak hours, vehicular pile up was witnessed on the service lane from Ambience mall to Cyber City. Due to water logging and potholes it has become a nightmare to cross the stretch during peak hours.Later in the day, more than three-hour traffic jam was reported on the other side of the expressway between Kherki Dhaula and Rajiv Chowk. The traffic jam started at around 11 am and prevailed till late afternoon. According to traffic police, a trailer broke down near Shekhopur Mor, about two kilometres from Kherki Dhaula toll plaza. ,Besides, a big patch of the road is damaged due to rains causing slowdown in vehicular movement. Traffic on other connecting roads also moved slowly as commuters took diversion in an attempt to bypass the jam.When asked, expressway concessionaire DSC Ltd blamed Rapid Metro construction in Cyber City for the morning traffic chaos. \"There was congestion on the Delhi Gurgaon expressway during morning peak hours especially near the Sirhol toll plaza and further on the Gurgaon side due to bottleneck caused on the slip road, created in place of the original turn into Cyber City that has been closed due to construction of the Rapid Metro,\" said a DSC spokesperson.The width of the slip road is much less than the width of the original turn and is not sufficient to take the volume of the traffic during peak hours, leading to congestion.However, this allegation was opposed by the Rapid Metro officials. \"No construction work is going on the stretch mentioned by DSC. They are trying to pass the blame for their inefficiency. Same number of lanes have been maintained at the Gateway Tower,\" said a spokesman.While for commuters expecting easier drive back home in the evening, it was not so. Due to rains traffic jams were again throughout the city, particularly at %two exits from Gurgaon to Delhi - the expressway and MG road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15865493", "title": "Cultural eve by UMA", "text": "BHOPAL: The United Malayalee Association (UMA) will organize a variety cultural programme at the Campion School auditorioum on August 29 as a part of its Onam celebrations. The association would felicitate the winners of floral decoration competition and award the winners of the short story competition held earlier.Addressing a press conference C Ashokan president of UMA said that the function would start at 6.30 pm. The \"athapoov\" (floral decoration) competition was held on August 26. The winners of the Malayalam short story competition 'Emily John' memorial award would be presented. The prize winners would be arriving from Kerala to receive the cash award.Sumesh Karad, Malvika Saigal and Lata Laxmi are the winners of the Emily John award constituted by the UMA.The cultural programme will showcase a series of programmes by the local malayalee artists. They include welcoming the Mahabali in traditional style, followed by Thiruvatira dance, a traditional dance by women on the occasion of Onam. He said that the traditional dances this year will be based on different themes that will have contemporary relevance. Apart from musical performances, drama and mimicry show will be the other attraction of the programme, he added.Meanwhile, in a press meet the United Malayalee Association (UMA) said that it would felicitate the winners of the floral rangoli competition on August 29, during its Onam celebrations. The competition was held on August 26, as a run up to the main celebration. Also during the function, the winners of the Malayalam Short Story competition 'Emily John' Memorial award would be given. The prize winners would be arriving from Kerala to receive the cash award. Sumesh Karad, Malvika Saigal and Lata Laxmi are the winners of the Emily John award constituted by the UMA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15853483", "title": "AICTE office vandalized over Thane college closure", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 25 members of the Yuva Sena vandalized the regional office of the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) at LIC Building in Churchgate to protest against the closure of Parshvanath College of Engineering in Thane.The Yuva Sena activists also allegedly roughed up AICTE assistant director A K Shukla and forced him to give his thumb impression on a letter giving permission to hold classes on the campus at least for this academic year. They were accompanied by close to 100 students from the college, who demonstrated outside the AICTE office for four hours.Last Thursday, the Bombay high court upheld a previous order of the AICTE to withdraw the college's approval, thereby leading to its closure. The approval was withdrawn in the 2010-11 academic year as the college did not have a land or building of its own; it did not have an occupancy certificate.The students are supposed to be transferred to other colleges by the Directorate of Technical Education.On Monday, the college authorities managed to get an OC, which prompted the students to demand that their institute be allowed to function. During the protest, the Yuva Sena members allegedly damaged an airconditioner, a computer and a table in the AICTE office.Shukla, who was gheraoed by the Yuva Sena members, said: \"The letter has no relevance. The authorities can appeal against the HC order by approaching the Supreme Court or the appellate authority of the AICTE with the OC. This is not the right way to deal with the situation.\"Shukla filed a non-cognizable complaint with the police late in the evening. The college authorities, however, were not available for comment.A Yuva Sena member said, \"We requested him (Shukla) for more than two hours, after which we had to use force. The official needs to understand that the future of more than 1,400 students is at stake. They are missing their practicals and precious days, especially the final-year students.\"Institute doesn't have land, infraAICTE derecognized Parshvanath College of Engineering in Thane in the 2010-11 academic year, after which the management went to court seeking a stay on the order for a year. The college managed to get the stay extended for 2011-12, too. However, when it tried to do the same for 2012-13, the HC refused and upheld the AICTE's order last week. The college does not have a land or a building of it own; it also lacks adequate infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15881323", "title": "Bellamkonda bags Damarukam Vizag rights", "text": "Producer Bellamkonda Suresh has bagged the theatrical distribution rights of 'King' Akkineni Nagarjuna-starrer Damarukam. Official sources inform that the producer has obtained the distribution rights for the Nagarjuna's soci-fantasy film for a cool 2.25 crores.C0-starring Anushka and Prakash Raj, Damarukam is a big budget film, which is directed by Srinivas Reddy and produced by RR Movie Makers. The film, which is nearing completion, is scheduled for October 12 release.Bellamkonda earlier bagged the Telugu rights of Suriya's upcoming action thriller Duplicate (Maatraan in Tamil), which is also releasing on October 12. He's currently producing the remake of Vettai in Telugu under his Sai Ganesh Productions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15864646", "title": "Getting a passport turns nightmarish for residents", "text": "INDORE: Pushpa Paul had applied for her daughter's passport in January. But eight months on she is still waiting for the document. Interestingly, for the past one month, the official website of the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) shows that the passport will be dispatched in a week. This is just one example, there are may like Puspa, who are waiting for their passports to firm up their travel, study plans or join family or children working abroad.Obtaining a passport has become a nightmare for most as delay is upsetting the plans of residents. A private firm employee Rakesh Pandey, who had applied for the passport in February 2012, said, \"I haven't received the passport even after seven months of submitting the application. The website still says police verification has not been done.\"Businessman Ramesh Gulati had applied for the passport of his wife Veena Gulati on October17, 2011 but they are yet to receive it. \"For the past one year, I have been moving around the government offices but in vain,\" he said.\"I have not even received any communication from them. I want to send my daughter abroad for studies but the delay is worrying,\" said Pushpa Paul.As per the guidelines of Ministry for External Affairs, the applicant should receive the passport within three months from the date the application is filed.An advertiser Feroz Shaikh's wait for the passport also seems to be turning an endless story. \"Since long, the official website of government shows the passport as dispatched but I am yet to receive it. I also contacted the postal department but they said that they haven't received it. Even the police verification has been cleared but still it is getting delayed,\" he said.When contacted, SSP (Indore) A Sai Manohar said, \"We are not responsible for the delay. In case if there is any delay in police verification, the applicants can give a written application to the SSP Office.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15859472", "title": "Indian Mujahideen looking for soft target: Mujib to cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mujib Shaikh, one of the accused in 2008 serial blast case, told investigators that members of Indian Mujahideen (IM) are searching for a soft target in the country to launch next terror attack.Mujib, currently in custody of the city crime branch on transfer warrant from the Madhya Pradesh police, was questioned by the investigators about his initiation in the group, his role in the blast and his relationship with other IM members after the blasts. The interrogators included V R Toliya, deputy superintendent of police, who is also investigator for the Civil Hospital blasts.\"Mujib told us that he was present when Riyaz Bhatkal and Abdus Subhan Qureshi alias Tauqeer met Jaish-e-Mohammed cadre near Bangladesh border in 2011. During this meet, they discussed places in the country that can be targeted easily. The group also decided to target the judiciary behind Babri Mosque demolition verdict,\" said a crime branch official.Officials said that Mujib was a bright student in school. He had scored perfect 100 in both science and maths in class X. He met Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) members in 2005 who asked him to be a good Muslim and offer five time namaz daily. He got easily influenced by powerful speeches of Safdar Nagori and when Nagori created his own more radical cadre, Mujib joined him. \"In 2008, he met Tauqeer who asked him to become mentally and physically strong. He then joined Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation's swimming pool and gymnasium. Before the blasts, he was given Rs 7,000 out of which he bought a bicycle and 25 kilograms of nut-bolts that were used as shrapnel in improvised explosive devices,\" said the official.After the blasts, he left the city and went to Madhya Pradesh where he was given documents in the name of Moahmmed Akram. Till he was caught by Madhya Pradesh anti-terrorists squad last year, he used that pseudonym and became close aide of Abu Faizal, a senior IM leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15880641", "title": "Sivanath Sastri College girls showcase their talent", "text": "Peppy numbers, thanks to DJ Rinky, and a bunch of hyper-excited girls \u2014 this was the scene at a city auditorium where young girls from Sivanath Sastri College came together to showcase their talent for Clean &amp; Clear Calcutta Times Fresh Face 2012.Jhatkas and matkas to Bolly beats, shadow boxing and even classical music, girls unleashed their true colours. After all, two of them will get the chance to be the face of Clean &amp; Clear.CATWALKS AND CATCALLS: When Dorothy Saha was coaxed and cajoled to do the catwalk by emcee Sidhu, she did a pretty good job. \"Despite her protests, I am sure this is not the first time she is doing this. She must have been walking in front of the mirror,\" laughed Sidhu. With a mind-blowing dance performance to Munni badnam hui, Ananya made sure she was in the second round. And when Shila stepped on to perform, Sidhu couldn't help but make her say, \"My name is Sheila.\" Somdutta Chakraborty impressed all with her singing prowess. She also admitted that she was never allowed to participate in reality shows by her mom since she had her studies. \"I hope this goes down well with her,\" she said, hearing which, Sidhu wrapped her in a warm hug. However, when one of the participants wanted to show off her boxing kills, Sidhu didn't know where to hide.WINNERS TAKE IT ALL: It was when Rai Chowdhury rendered Baawre in her tender voice that she struck a chord with the audience. The hall erupted in applause. With her drop-dead good looks and a voice to go with it, Rai clinched the winner's position. Somdatta mesmerized all with her voice as she sang Shyam aaj na jaio and became the first runner-up. Finally, an energetic dance number by Puja Choudhury helped her win the second runner-up's place. Register on itimes.com/freshface if you too want to participate and have a go at becoming the freshest face in your college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15864645", "title": "Centre of Industry Trade Unions threatens industries with legal action", "text": "NASHIK: In a sharp reaction to the industry bodies' decision to resort to a legal recourse to cancel registration of the Centre of Industry Trade Unions (CITU), the CITU on Monday said it would take legal action against the industry for unfair labour practices.The CITU leaders also said they would ask the workers, who were on two-day strike in the industries across the district having CITU affiliated unions, to make up for the production losses of two days. The CITU also demanded unconditional release of their leaders Dr D L Karad and R S Pande, who have been arrested for the in connection with the attack on the officials of Everest Industries Ltdby the company workers.The workers of Everest Industries Ltd have been on strike since the past nine months. Following a meeting between company officials and union office-bearers at the office of the deputy labour commissioner, some workers, armed with knives, attacked three officials, outside the deputy labour commissioner's office. The incident took place on Friday.The industry bodies across the district on Sunday condemned Friday's attack by company workers on officials of the Everest Industries Ltd on the three company officials and decided that industries in Nashik district that have unions affiliated to CITU would not negotiate with CITU on company issues. The industry bodies had also decided to cut 14-days' salaries for the two-day strike by the workers in the industries having unions affiliated to CITU.Former MLA from Solaput and state president of CITU Narsayya Adam said, \"Cutting the salaries will worsen the situation. We have asked workers to make up for production losses during the strike. Moreover, no one can ban the CITU. We met the police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal and he has given us assurance.\"A lawyer and office-bearer of CITU Vasudha Karad said, \"As per the constitutional rights, the workers have the right to choose the unions they want. The demands of industry bodies are illegal. CITU will take legal action against the industry bodies for unfair labour practices.\"Adam said, \"We ourselves have condemned the attack on the company officials by the workers. It was never a policy of CITU to adopt violence. CITU always got justice for workers through legal ways. There is no relation of our leaders Dr. D L Karad and R S Pande in connection with the attack and they were not on the spot when the incident occurred. It is a conspiracy to involve our leaders in the case. In fact, it is a move to suppress the workers' movement.\"Meanwhile, a CITU delegation on Monday met the police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal and collector Vilas Patil and urged them for unconditional release of their leaders Dr. D L Karad and R S Pande.They also presented them with memorandums of demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15851912", "title": "Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission asks Tata Power Company to extend network to island Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: In a move that will benefit consumers in the island city, the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) on Monday asked Tata Power Company (TPC) to chalk out a plan to extend it network to areas serviced by BEST.The panel asked TPC to select its priority areas in the island city for network expansion as it has been asked to do in the case of RInfra's supply region.BEST supplies power to around 10 lakh consumers in the island city. Under service obligations, TPC is supposed to supply power to consumers across the city, particularly where its substations are located. Having more than one supplier for island city consumers on the lines of suburban Mumbai will provide much-needed tariff competitiveness in these parts of Mumbai and improve the quality of service, say observers.Two days ago, MERC had asked TPC to lay wires in areas where the demand from low-end or residential power users was more in RInfra's supply region in the suburbs. This was done by MERC to ensure tariff stability for nearly 22 lakh residential power consumers.In the suburbs, MERC has demarcated 20 residential wards where TPC has to set up its network first to supply power. It has also barred RInfra users who consume more than 300 units a month from switching over to TPC over the next one year.Monday's directive would put pressure on TPC to supply power to whoever demanded the same in the island city, said sources. \"TPC has expressed difficulty in segregating the proposed capital expenditure in the BEST and RInfra areas. However, the commission is of the view that clusters can be identified geographically in the BEST and RInfra areas. So, the capital expenditure can be segregated,\" said MERC in its order on Monday over TPC's business plan.\"The commission directs TPC to submit details of capital expenditure for network development separately for RInfra and BEST areas along with the multi-year tariff petition,\" the MERC further said.Meanwhile, MERC approved the average tariff plan of TPC for the next four years. Based on the plan, TPC would have to file its tariff petition proposing category-wise hike for consumers in the coming years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15858370", "title": "NTRO was missing from govt's initial bid to block inflammatory web content", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the security establishment was scrambling to contain fake and inflammatory messages spreading across the internet that contributed to violence and exodus of thousands, one agency was conspicuous by its absence in the crucial initial phase: the intelligence agency that is supposed to counter such cyber crises.In a bizarre twist to the government's response earlier this month to contain India's first real cyber challenge, the National Technical Research Organization (NTRO) was completely absent from the operation in the initial phase, sources told TOI. NTRO was set up as the country's dedicated technical intelligence agency in the wake of the Kargil conflict with Pakistan in 1999.It was only by August 17 evening that NTRO was brought on board for internet monitoring and related actions, sources said. At least four days prior to that, the home ministry had woken up to the growing menace of falsehood and malicious propaganda on the internet and mobile networks. It was clear in no time that there may have been a larger design behind most of the messages, and government blamed Pakistan-based outfits for a large number of these posts.On August 14, the Centre had issued a nation-wide alert about safety of northeast origin people, and by August 17, it had imposed stiff restrictions on SMSs and MMSs over mobile phones. On August 18, the home ministry had forwarded the first list of internet sites and URLs to be blocked.There were 75 websites and URLs on the first list given to CERT-IN (Computer Emergency Response Team-India) for blocking. Almost all of them were identified by the Intelligence Bureau and some probably by the Research and Analysis Wing. Not one of them was provided by NTRO.Once NTRO resources were mobilized on August 17, there was a sudden jump in the number of suspect sites and URLs identified by the government. Sources said NTRO may have identified almost 300 such URLS and sites. Both its technical expertise and the fact that NTRO has the biggest army of cyber sleuths may have helped the agency identify so many websites.The story of India's first full-fledged cyber crisis has further twists. Some of the activities undertaken by NTRO during the crisis, including accessing internet data from ISPs, may have been illegal, because it does not have authorization for interception from the government.In December last year, government notified a list of eight intelligence agencies that can intercept phone calls, emails as well as voice and data communications within India. NTRO doesn't figure among them, though it was set up as the technical intelligence agency in the post-Kargil conflict reform in the security establishment.The absence of NTRO in the critical initial phase fits into the larger lack of clarity within the security establishment over countering inflammatory messages on the web. The initial rush to block websites and Twitter handles led to widespread uproar against India's intolerance towards internet freedom.The government brought about further clarity in its policy only last Thursday, by constituting a high powered authority to screen objectionable sites before deciding to block them. On Thursday, government also decided not to block entire Twitter accounts, but only to block objectionable tweets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15858617", "title": "Standing panel 'cannot' roll back water tariff hike", "text": "NAGPUR: The citizens should get ready to pay higher water bills in line with the recent hike in water tariff. The standing committee on Monday cited its inability to come to the rescue of citizens despite a revision of water tariff within seven months, with effect from April 1, though it was announced only recently.Confirming the standing committee's inability to stop the water tariff hike, chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari said the municipal commissioner was given powers to hike the tariff by 5% every year by the general body. \"Therefore, the standing committee cannot roll back the revision. The general body can take a decision on this. The standing committee asked officials to submit appropriate data so that correct picture may be put up before the general body,\" he said, accepting that the revision in water tariff despite failure to solve problems of contamination and shortage of water is improper.The water works department had increased the water tariff by 5% and started to issue bills according to the revised figure from April 1. The information related to the hike was neither revealed to the citizens nor standing committee or mayor Anil Sole. The decision came to fore this month when a proposal was put up before the standing committee to take note of the water tariff hike.Go ahead for Sonegaon lake acquisitionJustifying the controversial proposal by the town planning department to acquire Sonegaon lake, the standing committee has given its consent to spend Rs5.13 crore to buy the lake. It has also ignored the discrepancy of 3 acres land in the proposal.Tiwari said the proposal to acquire the lake spread over 15.21 hectares land was prepared according to the current position. \"NMC is not concerned if any land is missing. The issue comes under the jurisdiction of other departments,\" he said.Tiwari further said that the standing committee has just made provision of Rs5.31 crore for acquisition process. \"District administration is the proper authority to acquire the land. Payment will be done according to the estimate given by the district administration,\" he said.Tiwari also justified the controversial proposal to give transferable development rights (TDR) for the acquisition. \"It would not have cost NMC a single penny to give TDR. Therefore, we tried to acquire the lake against TDR. However, the state government rejected the proposal to give TDR against water bodies,\" he said.Despite royalty dues, NMC to pay Rs50.45 lakh to Starbus operatorThe Starbus operator owes NMC royalty dues since April 2010. However, NMC has taken a decision to pay Rs50.45 lakh to the Starbus operator to clear its dues towards him. The standing committee has approved a proposal to this effect on Monday.Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari said the amount was due to Starbus operator against concession of 66% given to NMC school students. \"NMC works on dual accounting system and cannot do a book adjustment. NMC will pay the due amount to the operator. The royalty issue will be settled later. Anyway, the operator has paid some of the royalty,\" he said.Earlier, NMPL headed by mayor Anil Sole itself had said there was a dispute over royalty. The Starbus operator had asked for time to clear the dispute. However, Tiwari said the approval was given in the interest of students, since the Operator had stopped giving concession passes due to delay in releasing the amount. \"NMC had submitted a proposal with the state government to grant the amount. MSRTC gets similar concession amount from the government. The NMC will adjust the amount it gets from the government. A similar proposal from Pune Municipal Corporation is pending with the government for the last two years,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15863319", "title": "Kerala cops track Margao stolen car, thieves nabbed", "text": "MARGAO: Two persons from Chennai, Abdul Ahmed and Mohammed Ali, who had failed to return the car hired by them from a Margao-based rent-a-car operator, were arrested by the Kerala police on Monday after the four wheeler was tracked down at Kasargod in Kerala.Police sources said that Pushkar Fernandes had complained to the Margao police on Saturday that the accused had failed to return his car that was rented out to them.Acting on the complaint, Margao police immediately informed, about the missing car, to police of the neighbouring states. The car, in which the two accused were travelling, was intercepted at Kasargod by the Kerala police on Monday.A Goa police team will proceed to Kerala on Tuesday to take custody of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15858429", "title": "Bogus army officer dupes many", "text": "NAGPUR: Hundreds of people gathered at Pachpaoli police station on Monday, complaining against a man posing as a retired colonel who duped them of lakhs under the pretext of promising them a job and four-wheeler. 55-year-old Dilip Shukla, a native of Kydganj in Allahabad, had been changing his room in different areas of Pachpaoli since a few months. Introducing himself as a retired army officer, he told people that he was working as director of a construction company. To others, he said he was employed with an automobile company. Police said Shukla had duped people of Rs2 lakh so far. Till late Monday night, police had not registered a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15864110", "title": "Wine business in Nashik aims to create perfect blend", "text": "NASHIK: In a bid to acquire a broader base for wine consumption, the Indian Grape Processing Board (IGPB) is working on a model to make grape-wine cheaper than beer and country liquor.\"Wine is the cheapest alcoholic beverage in the world but also the costliest one to produce. We are working on a model to sell wine at cheaper rates, to help its sakles reach a grass-root level. Premium wine will be costlier, but table grape wine will perhaps be cheaper than country-made liquor. We have still not learnt to make two types of wine. The endeavour is to sell wine for less than Rs 100 a bottle (750 ml). Country-made liquor is sold for Rs 150 a bottle (750 ml), while beer is sold for around Rs 110 a bottle, we are trying to position wine at a rate cheaper than both country-made liquor and beerIt means, wine will be cheaper than country liquor,\" said Jagdish Holkar, chairman, IGPB and former president, All India Wine Producers' Association (AIWPA). \"We are also working on a model for premium wine to be sold for Rs 1,500-2,000 a litre. Wines from small wineries are of good quality, but these establishments are helpless if they do not have what will they do if they do not haveenough funds for marketing. We will have to manage several factors to tap into the world market successfully. Firstly, wine should be price-competitive by reducing production costs. Secondly, price is not always the criteria. If you have quality, you can sell your wine not for $10, but $30 a bottle. Thirdly, you should have wine with a difference.\"Speaking on the issue,President, AIWPA, Shivaji Aher said, \"We have started working on the concept of cheaper wine. Initially, we concentrated on only premium wine. But, we are making efforts to focus on customers across different price ranges. Some wineries have already started manufacturing cheaper wine and sales are gradually picking up.\"Commenting on measures being taken to boost wine sales, Holkar said, \"We are also planning to make wine affordable by eliminating the middlemen between wine manufacturers and consumers. Wine should be made easily available and at cheaper rates if we have to boost the industry.We had mooted the idea of multiple-vendor shops or retail wine outlets for which a proposal was sent to the Maharashtrastate. It has been approved in principle. Only wineries will be allowed to open retail outlets and interested parties can also become franchisees of the wineries involved. With retail outlets, wineries will be able to sell their wine directly to consumers, eliminating the need for distributors and retailers. As a result, consumers will get wine around 30% to 40% cheaper compared to present market rates. Wineries, too, will also have direct access to their consumers,\" Holkar said.The AIWPA has also proposed setting up wine chowpattiesi.e wine and food plazas at specific strategic locations in Maharashtra. A proposal for this, too, has been submitted to the state government. If approved, the first wine chowpatty in the country is likely to be set up along the Nashik-Aurangabad highway near Godavari Wine Park at Vinchur, about 50 km from Nashik city.Space will be allocated to wineries to set up such exclusive food and wine courts.The wineries can tie-up with eateries to serve food.\"The idea is that people get to enjoy both, fine food and wine together. Wineries will have a distinct market once this concept is developed,\" Holkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15858336", "title": "Got the coal blocks in Chhattisgarh through fair means, says Sancheti", "text": "NAGPUR: BJP national spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain on Monday defended beleaguered BJP Rajya Sabha MP Ajay Sancheti who is being targeted by the Congress and Civil Society over the allocation of two coal mines to his firm, SMS Infrastructure, in Chhattisgarh.SMS was allotted two coal blocks - Bhatgaon II and Bhatgaon II Extension - in Surguja district of Chhattisgarh in 2008. Work on the mines is yet to start as the firm is waiting for environment clearance.CAG, in its report for 2010-11, had stated that the Chhattisgarh Mineral Development Corporation (CMDC) will lose Rs1,052.20 crore as SMS got one of the two mines allocated to it at a very low price. The minimum royalty from the two mines was Rs120 per metric ton (MT) of coal excavated.CAG noted that in the first case the royalty offered by SMS was Rs552 per MT but it was down to Rs129.60 per MT in the second case. Moreover, two companies, including SMS, had bid for the first mine but in the second case only Sancheti's firm was found to be eligible. This lent credence to the theory that the BJP government in Chhattisgarh had favoured Sancheti, a close associate of party national president Nitin Gadkari .Talking to TOI on Monday, Hussain said, \"Sancheti getting the mine is completely different from how the other parties were allotted blocks by the ministry of coal (MoC). The ministry had directly allocated the mines to private parties whereas Sancheti got both the mines through auction. Secondly, Sancheti is the minority partner with CMDC holding the majority 51% of share. CMDC won't have to spend a penny as SMS will bear all the expenses.\"Sancheti too said that he had not done anything wrong. \"I was awarded the bids through fair trade practices. The Chhattisgarh government has not suffered any loss. In fact, I have already paid Rs100 crore as earnest money to the government.\"CAG has observed that as per the mining plan the grade of coal in the two blocks was similar and hence there should not be so much difference in royalty. The agency also stated that retendering should have been done for the Extension Block to fetch higher prices.Commenting on the observations, Hussain said, \"The cost of production in Bhatgaon II block is Rs950 per metric tons (MT) coal while it is Rs1,350 per MT in the Extension. Bhatgaon II has three opencast mines having mineable reserve of 33.65 million MT while the Extension has one opencast (18.31 million MT) and one underground mine (6.60 million MT). The cost of developing underground mines is far higher than opencast ones. The number of families to be displaced is 146 in the first case and 392 in the second. The overburden in Bhatgaon is 15.70 cubic metre/MT while it is 18.32 in Extension. Moreover, the Extension Block is adjoining a river and hence water is certain to enter it. This is the reason for the big difference in royalty.\"On retendering, Hussain said that as per Central Vigilance Commission's (CVC) criteria, it was not necessary. \"If one bid is found ineligible out of two, the other bidder automatically gets the contract,\" he said.\"Moreover, CMDC will have to be paid the royalty quoted in the bid or 51% of the profit, whichever is higher. Even if it is assumed that SMS Infrastructure will earn a huge profit from the second block, 51% of the profit will go to CMDC. On the other hand, MoC has given away mines to private parties without having any stake in it,\" said Hussain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15867548", "title": "Coalgate 'taint' to silence BJD, opposition in assembly", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The BJD, Congress and BJP all being in the same boat on Coalgate, the scandal is unlikely to generate much heat in the 10-day Assembly session starting Tuesday.If talks in the political circles are any indication, the ruling BJD and the opposition Congress at the most would resort to verbal duels in the first few days leading to adjournment of proceedings before falling silent, a trend often witnessed in the past. The Congress, which a few weeks back got flak from Rahul Gandhi for being sleepy and inactive, has decided to gherao the Assembly on September 6 on a host of issues including Coalgate. PCC president Niranjan Patnaik said his party would \"expose the doublespeak\" of chief minister Naveen Patnaik on the coal issue. \"The chief minister for public consumption speaks in a tone quite contrary to his action. We will expose him,\" Patnaik said.Congress sources claimed Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's statement on the coal issue on Monday has provided the much-needed energy to the party's proposed Assembly gherao plan. The PM named Odisha as one of the states that \"formally opposed a change to the system of competitive bidding\". He said a meeting was convened in his office on July 25, 2005, attended by representatives of coal and lignite bearing states, who \"opposed to the proposed switch over to competitive bidding\". \"It was further noted that the legislative changes that would be required for the proposed change would require considerable time and the process of allocation of coal blocks for captive mining could not be kept in abeyance for so long given the pressing demand for coal,\" the PM said.No sooner did the Coalgate issue triggered an outcry in the national circuit following the CAG report coming to the public domain indicating a windfall gain of Rs 1.86 lakh to private parties, chief minister Naveen Patnaik sang a different tune saying he was all for competitive bidding. In a statement issued on August 23, Naveen passed the buck on the Central government as enjoying 'complete authority' to take the final call. He said: \"Our government has been asking for an auction based system for allocation of mineral resources including coal for the last few years.\" The chief minister has further said that the CAG report has \"castigated the Centre, not the state government.\" \"No matter whatever the chief minister says, the prime minister's statement has completely exposed him that he is not speaking the truth,\" said a senior Congress leader.The BJD, however, is least worried over the Congress threat, which beside the Coalgate has also declared to raise other pressing issues like the Polavaram project being constructed by the Andhra Pradesh despite the state's protest, fertilizer shortage etc. \"The opposition absolutely has no issue against the government. We are not worried about their threats,\" new parliamentary affairs minister Kalpataru Das said. The BJD is also happy that the BJP just before the Assembly session has landed in a serious internal trouble following the resignation of KV Singhdeo as the party's leader in the House. The BJP problem mounted to such level that its six MLAs refused to sit together, forcing the party's state unit president Jual Oram to say that he had been desperately trying to keep the flock together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15857557", "title": "Opposition demands cancellation of 155 coal blocks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The opposition on Monday demanded cancellation of 155 coal blocks awarded since 2006, citing the Comptroller &amp; Auditor General's (CAG)'s critical report, drawing a sharp reaction from power minister Veerappa Moily who said such a move will plunge India into the dark age.Industry associations said scrapping contracts would dampen investment sentiments further while Moily said cancelling allocations will cripple India's power capacity addition. \"What the opposition wants will finish private capacity. It will set power production and investment back by 15 years,\" the minister told TOI.BJP, which claimed the support of all NDA members as well as Jayalalithaa's AIADMK, said all the blocks awarded since 2006 should be cancelled and these should be auctioned. Even the four Left parties and the Telugu Desam Party were on the same page and went on to say that the PM's statement contained \"several distortions\".\"We want a thorough probe into the entire allocation to find out who was responsible, howsoever highly placed the person might be, cancellation of all coal block allotments and a discussion in the House,\" CPM's Sitaram Yechury said.He defended the earlier Left Front government in West Bengal and dismissed the PM's statement that former CM Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee had opposed competitive bidding. In fact, Yechury cited two letters from the then state chief secretary to argue that Left-ruled West Bengal did not oppose competitive bidding.Moily argued that the opposition was not considering the impact of its demands. \"The entire power scenario will darken. India cannot afford a catastrophe like this. The entire plan to increase private generation and bring projects to maturity quickly will be cut down in one stroke,\" Moily said.Industry chambers said that cancellation was not the solution. \"I am not sure about the demand for cancelling allocations as there will be implications on the players involved which I am not clear about. But definitely the cancellation will create a lot of confusion as people have already made the investments. To change all of that will really impact investment sentiment. The way forward should be to ensure a transparent auction and lay down all rules in advance. Some of them made investments in completely good faith. So why penalize them,\" Ficci secretary general Rajiv Kumar said.\"There is a need for bringing confidence back in the economy. Everybody should work towards bringing positive sentiments back. There is a need to find a long term solution to this and if the government commits itself to anything, it has to maintain its sanctity,\" added Ficci president R V Kanoria, indicating that industry could not be penalized.The usually vocal CII, however, seemed to be missing from the front amid suggestions that the industry lobby group could not firm up its position given the competing interests of its members. Messages and phone calls went unanswered.But Assocham's position, which included newspaper advertisements, did not go unnoticed. The chamber has a prominent member who is among the major beneficiaries of Coalgate and also happens to be associated with the ruling Congress.While appealing to stakeholders to \"desist from putting emotions over discretion in national interest\", Assocham attacked the CAG for \"misapplied economic principles\" and for its failure to \"take into account the overall policy environment\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15855551", "title": "Builders' body threatens to stop work", "text": "PUNE: The Builders' Association of India (BAI), Maharashtra branch, has threatened to stop construction work in the state from September 1 if the state government does not withdraw its decision to levy 5% value added tax (VAT) on constructions completed between June 2006 and March 2010.BAI state branch chairman Manoj Potekar said on Monday that the Maharashtra sales tax deparment's order directing developers and builders to deposit the VAT on flats sold between June 2006 and March 2010before August 31 is unjust and impractical. \"The total amount which the developers will have to deposit, along with interest and penalty, will run into crores of rupees. It will be cumbersome to recover this amount from customers who have now settled into their dwellings,\" Potekar said.He said it is a serious misconception that developers have recovered, but not deposited with the state, the VAT which the state is now demanding. \"As the issue was sub-judice we have not recovered the tax. We have instead obtained undertakings from customers that they will pay up if the court verdict validates the state's decision to charge 5% VAT on constructions between 2006 and 2010,\" he said.Potekar said the state government should completely abolish the 5% VAT implementation order or charge 1% VAT, as home buyers are being charged from April 1, 2010. Looking at the mammoth task of recovering the VAT from customers, the government should consider an amnesty scheme involving a one-time nominal payment, he said.Meanwhile, the hearing on the special leave petition filed on the issue by Credai, an apex body of developers, in the Supreme Court on Tuesday is eagerly awaited by builders and flat buyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15870408", "title": "Defunct gensets add to Allahabad University\u2019s power woes", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The faculty members, employees and students of several departments of the Arts faculty of Allahabad University are facing serious power crisis during the rostering period-10.00 am to 1.00. The genesis of this problem is the defunct 200 KVA genset which used to provide backup power to these departments during rostering.The power back up of the three campuses of AU including Arts, Science and Commerce, is being handled by six generators. Of these, two (250 KVA and 200 KVA) are installed at the Arts faculty, three (one of 320 KVA and two 200 KVA) are installed at science faculty while the commerce faculty has Two generators one of 125 KVA and another of 200 KVA at Nehru Science Centre. With the setting up of the Summer season and humid weather, almost all of these generators were facing the problem of over loading as some of the faculty members and the officials were switching on their AC's while these gensets were giving backup power supply.\"In ideal conditions, any generator works efficiently if the load is 75 percent of its stipulated capacity but things gets worse if the load crosses the potential\", said an official of AU. Things were under control few years ago when the varsity did not have so many air-conditioners (AC). After being made a central university and flow of funds, every department and offices got AC's which increased the overall load of the campus, he added.Among the generators of the Arts faculty, the one with 200 KVA is not working for the last around a week because of which several departments including the Central Library, Centre for Behavioural and Cognitive Sciences, department of Geography, English, Education, Psychology, Music, Journalism and Mass communication, Institute of Fashion designing at WH and the Proctor's Office are functioning without power supply during the rostering time.\"The Central Library of AU has upgraded itself in terms of providing books and Journals but what is the use if there is no power during the rostering time because of which the students are studying in profuse sweat\", said Abhishek Yadav.The varsity authorities on the other hand are trying their best to find an alternative as the Generator would be repaired only after around 20 more days and that too when formal approval is given by the varsity authorities. \"We are trying to get the approval for outsourcing the genset on daily rental basis and the same could be pressed into service in next 24 hours\", said one of the officials of AU.The problem of low voltage, causing tripping of vital equipments, during the rostering period is because of continued usage of AC's during the generator backup. As numerous AC's are not stopped, the generators stops working because of over loading as a result the students and teachers suffer as the fans and lights at classrooms too stops working.AU engineering section has, time and again, written to head of the departments and officials to stop the AC's during the rostering period but few followed the request. The engineering section, when confronted with a similar situation couple of years back, had cut the electrical supply for the AC's during running of generators and as a result maximum of the AC's functions only when the main light comes at the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15856300", "title": "State NOC must for link with Indraprastha University", "text": "NEW DELHI: Colleges seeking affiliation from Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University will have to furnish a no-objection certificate (NOC) from the state government where they are located, the Delhi high court ruled on Monday.A bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw dismissed the plea of a group of private colleges which set up campus in Haryana and Uttar Pradesh, seeking a directive to IP University for grant of affiliation without NOC to run MBA courses.The bench also upheld the decision of the Haryana and UP governments to refuse them the NOC. \"The local laws of the respective states do not permit colleges/institutions located therein to be affiliated to any university other than the respective state universities. The refusal is, thus, in consonance with local laws to which there is no challenge,\" the bench said and set aside a single-judge order directing the states to issue NOC to the colleges.The IP University statute mandates NOC from the state government concerned to grant affiliation to the educational institutions. HC rejected the arguments put forth by the educational institution that they have spent a huge amount of money on the colleges after obtaining the approval from All India Council for Technical Education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15865112", "title": "Cop injured as jeep overturns", "text": "INDORE: A policeman sustained serious injuries when a police jeep, which he was driving, overturned near Police Training School (PTS) here on Monday morning. He was rushed to MY Hospital where he is said to be recuperating.Police said Dharmraj Singh was driving a vehicle and was crossing the main road near PTS ground when the accident took place. He lost control over the vehicle which jumped off the road and overturned.The policeman was rushed to the MY Hospital for the treatment where his condition said to be critical.Two months ago, another vehicle carrying newly recruited policewomen, met with an accident near PTS ground in which around 15 cops had sustained injuries. A policewoman lost her leg after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "her latest tattoo reads", "code": "15881325", "title": "Priyanka Chopra tries to play daddy\u2019s genie", "text": "Her latest tattoo reads: Daddy's li'l girl. And thus when we came to know about Priyanka Chopra's latest request to the makers of her film Barfi! we were not surprised. PeeCee, whose love for her father has been written about time and again, is trying to arrange a special screening of her next release even before she begins her promotional trips.Her spokesperson confirmed that PeeCee indeed has been trying to grant her daddy's wish to see the film as soon as possible. \"Everyone is extremely excited about Barfi! . They want to see her drastic transformation. Priyanka's dad is moved with his daughter's latest on screen avtar and is very keen to see the film,\" said the spokesperson.A source close to the actress revealed, \"Her dad's health has been unsteady of late. PeeCee wants to make him happy by fulfilling his wish. She is in talks with UTV Motion Pictures, the producers, to arrange a special screening for him at the earliest.\"And that's not all. If insiders are to be believed, Priyanka has dedicated a song to her father in her debut music album. \"The song is titled Daddy's li'l gal just like the tattoo,\" said an insider.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bijpur (north 24-parganas)", "code": "15863790", "title": "Molesters slash teen with razors", "text": "BIJPUR (NORTH 24-PARGANAS): A 14-year-old-girl was slashed with a razor on a street in Bijpur, some 40km from Kolkata, for trying to fight off a gang of molesters on Sunday evening.And, in a sign that crimes against women may be spiraling out of control in North 24-Parganas, a woman was molested in front of her husband and child in a packed train near Dum Dum station that very night.This is the sixth violent crime against women in North 24-Parganas in the last two months. And the most gruesome.The Bijpur girl, a student of Class VIII, was returning home from tuition around 8.45pm, when she was waylaid by the gang. The goons had followed her from her coaching centre in Sahapukur, say police.\"They were drunk and passed some lewd comments. When I protested, one of them grabbed my hands and tried to pull me towards him. I screamed, but they clamped a hand on my mouth and dragged me to a dark alley,\" the girl told TOI.She was determined to fight back, she said. \"I was in no mood to give in, so I kept fighting. This enraged them and they attacked me with razors. I was cut several times on my arms and shoulders but I kept fighting and managed to break free,\" said the feisty teenager.She has been hospitalized. Her family members lodged an FIR with Bijpur police on Monday and within hours, a suspect, Mrinal Das, was rounded up from his home in Sahidnagar. Police are looking for his alleged accomplice, Mithun Das.\"She is still in shock and cannot step out of the house. We were scared and that's why we took time to lodge the complaint. Later, we mustered courage as we think the culprits must be punished,\" said the girl's aunt, who usually accompanied her home from tuition but could not do so on Sunday.\"We have arrested a local youth on the basis of a complaint lodged by the girl's family. He is being interrogated. Raids are also on to nab the other accused, Mithun,\" said Suvankar Bhattacharya, additional deputy commissioner of police, Barrackpore.Around the same time that the Bijpur girl was being attacked, a woman was targeted on a Sealdah-bound train that was pulling into Dum Dum.Police said the woman had boarded a down Duttapukur local from Barasat station, along with her husband and daughter. \"Two men started abusing the woman in front of her husband and daughter and then tried to molest her. When her husband came to her rescue, they threatened to kill him and beat him up,\" said sources.After alighting at Dum Dum, she lodged an FIR with the GRP and one of the accused, Raja Saha, was arrested. He works as a security guard at a private nursing home in Ultadanga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15859283", "title": "Rain causes cracks in roof, water enters durbar hall", "text": "MYSORE: The Lansdowne tragedy has drawn attention to problems in other heritage structures. At the Amba Vilas Palace, rainwater keeps trickling down the roof of the private durbar hall. The roof has developed cracks and sheets of polythene and tarpaulin have been placed to stem the leak.The durbar hall was used by kings for private audiences and is one of the most spectacular rooms in this massive building. The central nave has ornately gilded columns, stained glass ceilings, decorative steel grills, and chandeliers with delicate floral motifs, mirrored in the pietra dura mosaic floor embellished with semi-precious stones.Palace board deputy director TS Subramanya told TOI the water dripping is due to eight broken decorative glass panes. Replacing them with ordinary glass will ruin the beauty of the palace. These are handmade and were imported a century ago from Scotland , he said. The panes have handmade paintings too.He said the Regional Conservatory Laboratory (RCL) here is looking into the problem. Following RCL advice, a few special ornamental glasses were chosen to study the nature of glass and from where similar material could be imported. \"We'll start the tendering process once we get the RCL report and the broken panes will be replaced soon,\" he said. The National Institute of Engineering and Indian Institute of Science have been assigned the task of giving an epoxy coating to plug the cracks. The crack occurred due to rain water which runs on the roof, he said, adding: \"The cracks occur heavy rain lashes the roof,\" he said.\"The palace is safe for visitors - there's no room for apprehension,\" he said. The panes would be fixed before the Dasara celebrations begin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15852303", "title": "Thieves break into GMCH ENT dept, damage machines", "text": "NAGPUR: Thieves broke into the ENT department of Government Medical College and Hospital on Sunday night. They did not find anything worth stealing, but damaged a couple of machines. The machines were repaired and made operable by noon.On Monday morning, when the cleaners arrived at department, they found the lock broken. They immediately alerted senior officials, who called the police. It was found that some parts of the machines had been removed and left on the floor. The cabling of the machines was also tampered with.\"Nothing was stolen but some instruments were found broken. We have registered a case and police are investigating the matter,\" said dean Dr Rajaram Powar.\"Two machines; pure tone audiometer (PTA) and Videonystagmography (VNG), were found damaged. The first is used for assessing the quantity and quality of deafness while the other is for testing the levels of dizziness. Some of the machine parts were thrown on the floor and cable connections were removed,\" said Dr Apurva Pawade, head of ENT department.Hospital authorities believe the thieves may have entered the department to steal some money. However, since OPD collections are deposited with hospital authorities at the end of every working day, they did not find anything there. They may have tried to take away some parts of the machine to sell as scrap.\"Even the parts they managed to remove would have been difficult to take away. So, they just left everything and ran away. Anyway, this did not affect patients in any way as the machines were used in the later part of the day after being repaired,\" added Dr Pawade.Eventually, the only thing actually damaged was the broken lock of the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15862630", "title": "Rainfall continues to play hide and seek with people", "text": "LUCKNOW: Rainfall which lashed many parts of central and east UP in the past few days may cease after a couple of days only to revive by next week. The forecast of less rain in east UP brought a ray of hope for flood-affected areas.Large parts of areas in east UP have been facing floods following a rise in water levels of Ghagra, Rapti, Gandak and Ganga.According to the state Met department, the low pressure area indicated by a trough line, may move north-westwardly by Friday. The change may cause moderate to heavy rainfall in parts of north and west UP. At the same time it may result in raising the humidity levels only to the discomfort of the people.\"The rainfall pattern in central and east UP may fade in the next couple of days. They are likely to revive by next week,\" said state Met director, JP Gupta. He said that the minor changes in the weather system is what may cause interruption in the rains lashing parts of central and east UP.On Monday Lucknow witnessed a spell of heavy rain during the afternoon. The city also recorded over night rain only to see a bright sun in the morning. The Met department recorded rain in traces from Lucknow.Kanpur, however, received relatively higher rainfall with the Met department recording 7 mm of rains.Maximum rain was recorded from Shahjahanpur where the Met department recorded 18 mm rain. The neighboring Bareilly recorded 8.4 mm of rain. The two districts were likely to receive more rain in the next couple of days with the moving low pressure system towards the north.The eastern UP was already showing signs of a swiftly moving trough line with most of the districts getting devoid of rain. But for Sultanpur, which recorded around 9 mm, most of the districts remained devoid of rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15851197", "title": "Burglars on the loose in Shaheen Nagar", "text": "HYDERABAD: Thefts in Shaheen Nagar have become commonplace much to the concern of the residents of the locality. After eight shops in the area were burgled in a single day, locals pointed fingers at the cops for not doing enough.In the wee hours of Monday, burglars entered a row of shops with asbestos cover by breaking through the roof. While cops are yet to ascertain the value of the goods stolen, they maintain that no cash was taken.The residents draw attention to government's negligence and the demography of the area while speaking of the thefts. Sheikh Rizwan, a resident of the area, says Shaheen Nagar and surrounding localities are home to migrant workers from all parts of the country. The locals do not know the migrants and there is a trust deficit. \"Incidents have indeed become more common in recent times. Many go unreported. Several residents of Shaheen Nagar are labourers and stay away from their houses for as long as 15 hours in the day. It is a risk to leave home even for a night in Shaheen Nagar. The situation only reflects government's negligence towards the area that do not even provide street lights,\" he says.Another resident Babar Ali found the police lacking in their commitment to duty. \"Even the police know that Shaheen Nagar is theft prone. They should involve the locals to form vigil communities and encourage them to share information with the cops. The police should also improve patrolling,\" he said.When contacted, an official of Pahadi Shareef police station admitted that there was an increase in theft incidents in Shaheen Nagar in the recent times. \"We have stepped up vigil by increasing beats of the mobile patrol. We will also appeal to the public to support us,\" he said adding that burglary cases were registered in Monday's incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15859136", "title": "Touch &amp; believe: Metro prototype is here soon", "text": "CHENNAI: It may take more than a year for metro rail's trains to start running in the city. But residents will soon be able to touch and feel a metro rail coach, as a prototype, including driver's cab, will be brought to the city from Brazil in October.Metro rail has so far only released photos of the train and has also painted a train's model at some of the work sites.The prototype, which is taking shape at Alstom's La Pa factory in Brazil, will be brought to the city so that people will be able to see the kind of rolling stock that metro will be using to operate services when works are completed on the two-corridor project in 2015. A prototype of the driver's cabin of the train is ready in Brazil.\"It will be a smaller version of the real coach but will have all the features of a train. Its length will be only one-third of the actual length of a coach. The prototype is to ascertain whether the contractor is including all the features and components promised in the contract. It will be kept on display,\" says a senior official of the Chennai Metro Rail.Metro rail plans to make the coach part of its public awareness campaign being conducted at different platforms and forums across the city.A coach that will be used on trains will be 21850 mm long, 2938mm in wide and will stand 4048mm tall. But, the prototype will be 8330mm long, 2746mm wide and will stand 3795mm tall.Metro rail will soon decide where to display the coach in the city.Production of the first and second train is progressing at the Alstom factory. The stainless steel shells of six cars are complete. Chennai metro rail is also checking and monitoring quality of the train's manufacturing. Metro officials have conducted several inspections and water leak tests at Brazil. A test to prove structural integrity of car floor under fire was successfully completed in Europe when metro rail officials were present.Factory acceptance test of train borne communication system was conducted at Singapore recently. Hardware of train's radio, its functioning, operation of CCTV hardware and its feed, working of public address system, emergency group calls and others were checked during the test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15852035", "title": "No trace of dead, unidentified girl's family", "text": "NAGPUR: Ganeshpeth police are nowhere close to tracing the identity and family of the unidentified girl, whose body was found near the Satbai goddess temple on the banks of Gandhisagar lake on Sunday morning.A team under sub-inspector BD Pendore of Ganeshpeth police station was engaged in scouting the slums near Gandhisagar Lake to trace the girl's family. The cops believe the family might have left her body outside the temple as part of some superstitious practices. The officers said a photograph of the girl was shown among slum dwellers in and around Ganeshpeth, but they could not make any headway in the case.Though police have registered a case of accidental death, they do not want to rule out foul play. The police feel the girl was suffering from some terminal illness, but instead of being given proper medical assistance she was taken to some godman. \"There is a practice among the lower income group migrant population from northern India to resort to spiritual alternatives in case of children rather than take them to hospitals,\" said an official.Forensic experts from Government Medical College and Hospital have reserved their opinion regarding the cause of the girl's death. Her viscera and blood samples have been preserved and sent for chemical analysis. The histopathology report would help determine how the girl died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15869535", "title": "CAG report: CPM wants mine licences scrapped", "text": "RANCHI: The CPM has demanded that coal block allocations be cancelled completely. Rejecting Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's claims on Monday that the CAG report on coal block allocations was \"flawed\" and \"misleading\", CPM general secretary Prakash Karat said a thorough inquiry should be conducted into the matter. \"The government had given similar replies after the 2G scam had surfaced,\" he said.Karat, who was here to inaugurate birth centenary celebrations of P Sundarayya, a founding member of the CPI, said, \"The way the allotted spectrum was cancelled after 2G scam, the government should also cancel coal block allocations.\" The government should work out to recover the losses it has suffered due to coal block allocations.Calling for fixing responsibility, Karat said at a press conference here that, \"The government should pinpoint those responsible and take action against them.\"He, however, did not specify whether a joint parliamentary committee (JPC) or the CBI should conduct the investigations. \"The reaction of the Prime Minister has come today (Monday) itself. After I hold discussions with my colleagues in the party, I will be able to decide whether the JPC or the CBI should make an inquiry,\" said Karat.The CPM general secretary said the Left parties had always been in favour of allocating coal blocks to the Coal India Limited (CIL) only. \"It should be the CIL which should allocate coal blocks to those who need it,\" he said adding that state governments should have a say over the use of coal blocks.On the Food Security Bill, Karat said the CPM would start agitations from September 12. The Left parties will launch agitations across the country especially at the godowns of the Food Corporation of India to draw the government's attention towards the better use of food stocks. Karat said the current Food Security Bill was not effective enough to deal with the food insecurity in India. \"The country needs a strong and effective bill,\" he added.The Left parties want a bill that ensures provision of 35 kg of rice and wheat for Rs 2 per kg to the poor. A special card should be made to the poor for the purpose, he suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15865559", "title": "School vehicle checking drive to start from today", "text": "KANPUR: After taking lessons from previous accidents of school vehicles, the traffic department of city is organizing a drive to check mismanaged school buses, vans and auto-rickshaws. If the vehicles found violating the norms, strict action will be taken against the owners of vehicle and school authorities for, which they would be working.The school vehicles in the city are violating safety standards prescribed by the Supreme Court.This is in turn has lead to an increase in the number of accidents associated to school vehicles. As per an estimated data, nearly 30% of the total accidents held in city are associated to school vehicles. Also, a large number of accidental deaths of school students have been reported in city in past decade.\"In order to check such accidents in city a massive school vehicle checking drive will be launched in the city from August 28 to September 7. This drive will not only be confined to main streets but will also cover interior areas of the city,\" informed SP Traffic, MR Singh.He added that for this, three teams of senior traffic department officials have been deployed at three prominent locations. These areas include Phoolbagh, Kalyanpur and Naubasta.\"OP Pandey and Sunita Verma will be checking the school vehicles at Phoolbagh while the area of Kalyanpur will be covered by Vidisha Singh and Mehmood Ali. The school vehicles crossing the Naubasta area will be screened by the team of Raghavendra Singh and Vinay Kumar,\" informed SP Traffic further.As per the guidelines given by the traffic department, every school vehicle must have a sign of 'School Bus/Rickshaw/auto' at its back so that its is easily recognizable. Also, the rented school vehicles should write 'On School Duty' at its back, according to the traffic rules.Apart from this, every vehicle must accommodate estimated number of children. Over flooded school vehicle is a crime as per the Supreme Court guidelines.Importantly, every school vehicle, either big or small must have a first-aid box, fire extinguisher and horizontal grills in the window panes. There must be two emergency gates in the bus as well.Name and phone number of the driver, conductor and school must be written inside the bus. The driver of the school vehicle must have an experience of 5 year of driving particular vehicle and must not have any offensive record of violating traffic rules.The doors of 'School Bus/Rickshaw/auto' must be maintained and there should be a proper space for keeping the school bags of the students.ne of the responsible teacher should always travel in the school bus. The colour of the school bus should be of golden yellow with brown/blue lining.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15859244", "title": "Neatly woven into Madurai's social fabric", "text": "MADURAI: Every year, Madurai witnesses a very extravagant Malayali cultural extravaganza when members of Vaedi, a cultural organization of Malayalis in Madurai, join together to celebrate Onam with all its cultural and traditional festivities.Madurai has two well-known local associations for people from Kerala --- the Malayali Samajam, which is over 50 years old, and Vaedi. The latter is the more active one and has around 100 families as members. Once every quarter, the families get together and also showcase the skills of their children through cultural performances like dance.A place that gives a feel of Kerala within Madurai is AVN Arogya Hospital on the outskirts of the city. Stepping into the premises of this healthcare centre gives you the true glimpse of Kerala culture with its buildings having tiled roofs surrounded by lush green gardens. The Ayyappa temple too is a replica of the one in Kerala.According to Dr Ramesh Varier, director of AVN Arogya Healthcare, Onam is celebrated in a big way by all of them in Madurai, but it is an occasion to celebrate with one's parents. So usually, it is a meeting of families, but the festival is once again celebrated in Madurai post-Onam about a month after the original festival to keep the spirit alive.The celebrations include floral floor art the 'pookolam' and a meal cooked with original Kerala delicacies, by cooks from Kerala.S Jayanarayanan, secretary of the Malayali Samajam that was started in 1962, said they had 91 life members and 100 others. Samajam activities were revived since 2009, when they started promoting their cultural events and helping the poor in their community. A survey conducted by them showed there were about 1,500 families from their community in Madurai, he added.Counting the number of Malayalis in Madurai would be impossible, for this is a community that has mingled with locals in every possible way. There are persons like J S Sukumar, who is more of a Tamilian than a Malayali, the only thing giving him away is his fluent Malayalam when in the company of people from Kerala.Malayalis in Madurai speak their native language when at home, but teaching children the script has become a problem to many of them. \"My son is more fluent in Tamil rather than Malayalam,\" said K George from Kerala.The Malayalis have contributed to the holistic development of Madurai in more than one way. There are outstanding doctors, teachers, engineers and architects in the city as well as the ever-famous friendly tea stall owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15863064", "title": "Nayachar project hits green hurdle", "text": "KOLKATA: The proposed power plant at Nayachar has hit a roadblock with the ministry of environment and forest seeking certain clarifications from the promoter as well as the state government.\"This is nothing unusual. The ministry has given us three months to reply,\" said Prasoon Mukherjee, chairman of Universal Success Enterprises (USEL). University Crescent Power, the power arm of the group, had proposed to invest Rs 12,000 crore to set up a 2,000 megawatt power plant at Nayachar in two phases.With its Nayachar project getting delayed, the group has now evinced interest to set up a similar power plant at a different location. \"We have informed the state government about our plans to set up a power plant at a new location. We shall use our own coal sources for the new plant,\" Mukherjee said.Mukherjee had earlier said that his company had plans to invest Rs 12,000 crore in developing infrastructure at the 3,800-acre industrial park and Rs 2,000 crore in 6,000-acre ecofriendly tourism project. \"The power plant in Nayachar will import coal from Indonesia . Universal Crescent Power has already signed a power-purchase agreement for the project,\" Mukherjee had said.According to sources, the financial closure of the Nayachar project should happen soon with IDBI leading the consortium of bankers. The initial paid-up equity in the project will be Rs 600 crore with the debt equity ratio of 70:30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15858284", "title": "Mixed response to Khanapur bandh", "text": "BELGAUM: Khanapur bandh call given by followers of Siddanath Swami of Handi Badaganath Mutt in Khanapur taluk, protesting against his arrest, evoked mixed response in the town on Monday.The police and forest department officials had recently raided his matt and arrested the swami after recovering a huge stock of wood stored in the mutt.Most of the commercial establishments, including schools were closed.Buses, private vehicles and autorickshaws did not ply. Even busy market areas wore a deserted look.However, government offices, banks, petrol bunks worked as usual.Over 30 seers from different parts of the state and hundreds of followers of the swami participated in the protest rally which started from Mahalaxmi temple and concluded at tahsildar's office. The protesters submitted a memorandum to the tahsildar demanding withdrawal of cases filed against the seer.They also wanted the wood seized from the mutt is returned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "15861915", "title": "Police file chargesheet against 6 in Brahmeshwar Singh murder case", "text": "ARA: Bhojpur police on Monday filed chargesheet against six persons in the court of chief judicial magistrate (CJM), Ara, before expiry of ninety days in connection with the murder of Ranvir Sena founder, Brahmeshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji, on June 1, 2012, at Ara.Bhojpur SP M R Naik said that the police filed chargesheet on Monday against six persons who are non-FIR accused before ninety days of the incident. The chargesheet was filed against Monu Rai, son of Manoj Rai, mukhiya, Kurmuri panchayat and an associate of JD(U), MLA, Sunil Pandey, his friend, Harsh, Anil Kumar Pandey, son of Yogendra Pandey, Hareram Pandey, Abhay Pandey and Yogendra Pandey. All of them except Abhay Kumar Pandey are in jail. Abhay Kumar Pandey is still absconding.The SP said that the accused had demanded extortion from Devesh Chandra Pandey, owner of a private school, Gyan Bharati at Katira locality under Nawada PS. He complained to Brahmeshwar Singh and requested for his help. Brahmeshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji, who was said to be dead against extortion, rebuked the accused who told him that he should not interfere in the matter otherwise he would face the consequence. The SP said that the police were investigating the role of Prince Pandey and Nand Gopal Pandey alias Fauzi in the murder of Mukhiyaji.It may be mentioned here that Brahmeshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji was shot dead on June 1 near his residence in Katira locality under Nawada PS at about 4.30 am when he was returning from morning walk after which his supporters indulged in arson in the town. A special investigation team (SIT) was formed the same day by the order of DGP, Abhayanand, to arrest the miscreants. The police, though, did not file a named FIR against anyone, but arrested five persons in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15863370", "title": "Man beheaded on crowded train in Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: A 37-year-old passenger was beheaded in a crowded compartment of the 53011 Up Katwa-Azimgunj Passenger train near Bazarsau station in Murshidabad on Monday. All the other passengers scattered in panic after the attack and police are looking for a witness to reconstruct what exactly happened.Though the murder took place around 3pm, the body lay in the compartment till 6.30pm when a GRP team finally arrived to claim it.The victim was identified as Khokon Ghosh, a resident of Kolguria village in Murshidabad.\"Around 3pm, guard Sunit Chakraborty heard a commotion when the train was between the starter and advanced starter signals of Bazarsau station (176 km from Howrah and 32 km from Katwa in Burdwan). He braked immediately and went to check if something was wrong. The sight inside the compartment, the third from rear, horrified him,\" an Eastern Railway official said.A head lay completely severed from the torso. \"There was blood everywhere. Chakraborty informed the driver and alerted officials at Bazarsau station. As the train could not proceed with a body on board and neither left stranded in between two signals, a decision was taken to push it back to the station,\" the official saidAccording to sources, the panic-struck passengers jumped off the coach and boarded other compartments allowing the killers to simply walk away.The train returned to Bazarsau station around 4pm. As there is no GRP outpost at the station, RPF and state police cordoned off the compartment and waited for the GRP team to arrive. A team from Katwa finally reached Bazarsau at 6.40pm and removed the body and the train left at 7.30pm.\"It is a GRP case and we couldn't remove the body. Neither could we start the train till we received clearance from the police. Some passengers were questioned by the RPF and state police officers. They said they had seen the victim arguing with a group of seven-eight passengers. Most of the passengers apparently backed away when the gang pulled out sharp weapons. We can't even be sure if the killers mingled with other passengers after the attack,\" another official said.A number of short-distance trains ply between Katwa, a major trading hub, and other locations like Ahmedpur and Azimgunj. Passenger trains between these places are extremely popular among traders, small-time businessmen and well-to-do farmers. Many of them carry a lot of cash with them on their way back home from Katwa. Cops suspect that Ghosh was murdered due to a business dispute.The area near Katwa is not new to crime on trains. On February 26, goons boarded a passenger train and looted passengers before dragging away a woman and raping her. While that incident happened late at night, Monday's murder took place in the afternoon and in full view of hundreds of passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15871043", "title": "Sarabjit's kin to take signature campaign to Pakistan", "text": "AMRITSAR: The family of Indian prisoner in Pakistan jail, Sarabjit Singh , has decided to take clothes and papers bearing signatures of more than 1.5 lakh people to Pakistan, so as to generate a wave of sympathy and secure his early release.\"We collected these signatures with the help of Tiranga Abhiyan Apna Sangh, an NGO in Indore, and will take them to Pakistan so that the sympathies of people of India reach the people and president of Pakistan,\" Sarabjit's sister Dalbir Kaur told to TOI on Monday.The family had earlier decided to give the cloth and paper bundles to Sarabjit's counsel Awais Sheikh, who is currently on visit to India. \"Now we are hopeful of getting visa to visit Pakistan in September. So we decided to take these along with us,\" she added.Swapandeep Kaur, Sarabjit's daughter, she was hopeful of meeting her father and had bought two kurta pajamas, T-shirts, a track suit, medicines and spices for her father. Her mother Sukhpreet added, \"The family is knocking at every door for the release of my husband. I fail to understand why nothing has happened so far. He is dying every second, please let him come home now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15852134", "title": "Hearing on rights of sickle cell disease affected children today", "text": "NAGPUR: The state child rights commission on Tuesday will be hearing a case related to children suffering from sickle cell disease (SCD) who are being deprived of their rights. The hearing follows a complaint filed by MLA Sudhir Mungantiwar.The MLA had received a complaint from 38 kids from the region on their plight on World Sickle Cell Day that falls on June 23. The children made three major demands including regular medical checkups, provision of medicines and concession in the state transport buses for them and their companions.President of the NGO Sickle Cell Society of India, Sampat Ramteke, said, \"As per the orders of the Lokayukta dated April 20, 2011, these children are entitled for these facilities but they are still not getting it. The state has revised the earning limit for the economically backward classes from Rs15,000 to Rs1 lakh. Children from this section receive Rs600 every month from the state under the Sanjay Gandhi Niradhar Yojana. However, it has not been revised in the case of SCD affected children whose parents earn between Rs15,000 and Rs1 lakh.\"Many of the kids suffering from this genetic disorder are from poor families and unaware of their rights and schemes floated for them, said Ramteke. \"The state medical education department and health department need to be more responsible and not let these provisions go waste. In the absence of concerted efforts, these schemes remain only on paper,\" he added.Agreeing with this, Mungantiwar said that after the issue was raised in the state assembly the government realizes that most people affected by this disease are from poor families. \"However, very little is being done to make their lives comfortable. These children have to frequently travel from villages to cities for medical facilities. So, they are justified in asking for travel concession,\" he said.\"Though there was provision for proving blood to these kids free of cost, many of them have faced difficulty in getting it. Therefore, we have asked for reimbursing the amount spent on blood transfusion instead of this provision,\" said Mungantiwar. The BJP MLA believes that if the government were to publish the requested white paper on the prevalence of SCD, it would become easier for those suffering from the disease to get their rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15865434", "title": "Automatic traffic signals fail to serve purpose", "text": "KANPUR: The traffic department has installed automatic traffic signals at prominent crossings on the 'no tempo zone' in order to regulate traffic. But these gadgets have failed to serve the purpose.The people are not used to this new system. Hence, it creates frequent traffic jams and chaos. The automatic traffic lights are also giving rise to noise pollution as motorists honk unnecessarily.Automatic traffic lights were installed at several crossings on 'no tempo zone' like Narhona crossing, Phoolbagh and LIC building crossings. The new system does not gel with the routine of the people, who are used to see the hands of traffic cops to move further.Hence, the absence of traffic cops creates frequent traffic jams at these prominent crossings. Sometimes, the people fail to notice the lights and go in the wrong directions.\"Everyone is in a hurry. The people are not bothered about looking into the signals. They just want space to pass,\" said Namita, who frequently passes through Narhona crossing.Sanjay, a shopkeeper on a crossing, said that no one could regulate the local traffic except a traffic cop with a stick in hand.The people are clueless about how to commute in accordance with these traffic lights. Some people thinks that there is no traffic cop at the crossings and want to pass away without even noticing that there are traffic lights to regulate them. This mismanagement sometimes halt the vehicles for several minutes and traffic lights continue running as programmed.\"When the traffic signal stays red for a long time, some motorists begin to honk, believing a policeman will turn it green.They do not know that there are no cops to man the intersection,\" said Gautam, a student.When the signal turns green, the vehicles behind start honking madly as though motorists ahead of them were in a slumber. Such chaos is repeated at each automatic traffic signal.SP traffic MR Singh said that people need to learn the traffic rules if they want smoother movement on roads.\"Every new system takes sometime to be adopted by the people. When the denizens become habitual to these lights, the traffic scenario will change automatically,\" he hoped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15859276", "title": "Heritage department ready to give more funds", "text": "MYSORE: The funds-starved Mysore City Corporation can expect to get money for conservation of the city's four famed markets, including Lansdowne Building.The heritage department, which has given Rs 75 lakh for the conservation of Lansdowne Building, will grant additional grants if MCC wants it. \"If they need more funds, we'll arrange it,\" heritage commissioner KR Ramakrishna said on Monday.\"Our aim is to conserve the monument from further degradation,\" he told TOI, adding, \"We gave them funds a year ago for conservation following the detailed project report. Sadly, it couldn't be implemented.\" Ramakrishna said they'll wait for the panel's findings on the monument's health.Meanwhile, conservationists are angry at the suggestion that the building should be pulled down following Saturday's tragedy in which four persons died. \"The structure is in fairly good shape and needs proper maintenance. There's no need to demolish it,\" said conservationist Ravi Gundurao, who helped the University of Mysore revive the 100-years old palace of princess Jayalakshmi Vilas. According to him, Rs 1 crore is required for Lansdowne Building restoration.Some two years ago, a part of famed Madras Club had collapsed. The second oldest club in India is housed in Mowbrays Cupola built in 1770s. It has been restored to its old glory at a cost of Rs 4.5 crore within two years, Ravi said. Compared to that, the damage and repairs needed for Lansdowne Building is nothing, he explained.The conservationist, who helped devise the DRP for Lansdowne Building, said major works are connected to the roof. \"There's no need to vacate the tenants. The restoration can be completed in 18 months,\" he explained. He said pulling down the building will set a bad precedent.N S Rangaraju, member of the heritage committee, who teaches Ancient History and Archaeology at the University of Mysore, said: \"There are prime examples of restoration in Mysore too and there are technologies available for it.\"Panel begins work todayThe panel evaluating the structural stability of Lansdowne Building will start work on Tuesday. Panel member Syed Shakeeb Ur Rahman said C S Vishwanath, head of the state's Quality Control Task Force, will arrive on Tuesday.The district administration nominated Govindan Kutty, CEO of the Indian Heritage Cities Network Foundation, as another panel member. He'll visit the site on August 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15861781", "title": "Exam duty must for Calicut University teachers", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In a bid to streamline the examination process beset by delays and inefficiencies, the Calicut University has made examination duty compulsory for the teachers of affiliated colleges.In a circular sent to principals of affiliated colleges and heads of departments, the varsity has warned of strict action against teachers who fail to perform examination duties and responsibilities in accordance with the UGC regulations issued in this regard.The refusal by teachers to turn up for examination duty and undertake valuation of answer scripts had been cited as a reason for delays in the conduct of examinations and publication of results.The varsity has directed that \"each and every teacher in the university departments and affiliated colleges shall be compulsorily required to undertake examination work as part of their teaching duties including the work of valuation of papers\".The university has also noted that the UGC would take actions against it, including withholding of grants, in case of reports regarding non-performance by the teaching staff.There were huge delays in the publication of the results of the degree courses under the choice-based credit semester system (CCSS) and that of private students causing hardships to tens of thousands of students.Teachers not turning up for examination duty and valuation of answer scripts had resulted in delays in the conduct of examinations and publication of results", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15853227", "title": "Cinema blasts: Verdict reserved", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has reserved the pronouncement of its judgment in the 2005 twin blasts at Satyam and Liberty cinema halls for August 30.The Special Cell of the Delhi Police had chargesheeted Jagtar Singh Hawara, the Babbar Khalsa International (BKI) chief in India, and seven others in the case.The blasts had taken place on May 22, 2005 and the bombs were triggered by crude devices during the screening of the controversial Hindi film 'Jo Bole So Nihaal''. Sixty people were injured. While the first explosion rocked Liberty cinema on the busy G T Karnal Road in central Delhi around 8.15 pm, the second one took place at the Satyam cinema at Patel Nagar some 20 minutes later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15864113", "title": "Blast-hit building gets no govt aid, to be rebuilt by residents", "text": "NASHIK: The members of Saptashrungi apartments in Tarwala Nagar, Panchavati, have decided to reconstruct the building on their own, following blast that occurred due to explosives that were illegally stocked by a trader residing in the structure. The incident occurred on June 8, 2011. The building's residents are now going ahead with restoration plans and had urged the state for assistance in construction costs but have received no financial aid so far.\"Despite assurances from various quarters, no actual aid has come from the state. help from the government has so far not been received,While we are being allowed to stay at Maharashtra Engineering Research Institute (MERI) quarters temporarily, we have decided to go ahead and re-construct the building with our own fundspooling from any quarters possible,\" Santosh Shukla the building's vice-chairman, said.Saptashrungi houses 15 flats and nine shops. The building will now have an additional floor, which members acquired through 'transfer of development rights' (TDR) in the open market. \"We bought the TDR and now have four additional flats to sell which we are hoping will help us to lower costs,hough this not happening willingly, but\" Shukla saidAnother resident, Deepak Shinde said, that the members were still living on MERI premises office and their demands however remain the same.\"What happened is unfortunate, but that the building had a trader who stocked the explosives illegally.The result however is that lives of members of 15 families have lost their homes in the process.have shattered to a very large extent,\"The estimated cost of construction worked out by the residents is around Rs 6 lakh per flat. excluding the amount that would be set off due to the TDR and sale of the additional four flats in the open market.On June 8 last year, an explosion in stored explosives in one of the shops in the building ripped through the building, toppling cars parked around, damaging RCC pillars, wiping out staircase at the ground floor and killing three.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15852453", "title": "Mumbai needs 2,000 taxi stands", "text": "MUMBAI: The Hakim panel report has been sympathetic towards the need for 2,000 taxi stands in Mumbai, and at least a lakh more autos for passengers to tackle refusals.Former Union secretary P M A Hakim said in his report: \"All unions representing taxi operators have pointed out the acute shortage of stands and parking places for taxis. According to them, the numbers of such stands and parking places which were in existence 15 or 20 years ago have consistently come down for reasons such as widening of roads and introduction of one-way curbs on many roads. It has been stated that the actually available number stands is only 400-500 against a requirement of over 2,000. There is a need for concerted action in this regard with the active involvement of the motor vehicles department, traffic police and municipal authorities.\"In case of autos, he said: \"Unions claim that the actual number of available auto stands is 20% of the actual requirement. There is a need for concerted action in this regard.\"If the Hakim committee recommendations are accepted, this could be good news for passengers. He has admitted that there is a need to increase the auto population in Mumbai so that there is good competition and refusals outside stations reduce. The report has stated: \"Consumer activists have said there are frequent refusals by auto drivers to take passengers on short distance routes. Undoubtedly, the lack of sufficient autos in Mumbai and consequent inadequate competition is the main factor responsible for this. The demand for auto services is continuously increasing while the number of autos, which cater to this demand, is continuously coming down. The matter on new permits should be considered by the government on a priority.\" The auto unions had demanded before Hakim that there should be a lakh new auto permits in addition to reviving dead permits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15853943", "title": "No system in place to handle electronic waste", "text": "NEW DELHI: New electronic waste management and handling rules were implemented across the country on May 1 this year. The new laws make it mandatory for producers of electronic goods to take back e-waste under the extended producers responsibility. However, Delhi, as one of the biggest producers of e-waste in the country and the biggest recycling hub, has yet to see any collection mechanism being put in place.While most big corporate houses are sending their e-waste directly to authorized recyclers, barely any effort has been made by the industry to put together a collection process. \"As far as we know, there is no such system in place so far. Even if there is one, very little sensitization has been done by the producers and manufacturers. Several multinational electronic companies are operating in India but none of them seem to have made any effort in this regard,\" said Bharti Chaturvedi, director of NGO Chintan.Nitin Gupta, CEO of Attero Recycling, says that the private sector has done almost nothing in terms of collection and financing of e-waste disposal. \"E-waste recyclers are witnessing a decent growth in business but that is because bulk consumers are sending their waste to us directly. However, e-waste collection from individuals and small users by the industry is practically nil,\" he said.The new rules were notified in May 2011 and the government gave states one year to set up a collection and disposal mechanism. Violators are punishable under the Environment Protection Act with a maximum sentence of seven years and/or a fine of Rs 1 lakh. While Delhi government organized several workshops with bulk consumers of e-waste, individual consumers are woefully unaware of the rules. No work has been done with the industry either.Government officials say it will take time to bring about awareness. \"EPR is an essential component of the law and we are giving the industry a few months to set up their mechanism. We will start taking action only if companies fail in their duties after a few months,\" said an official.Delhi produces about 32 tonnes per day of e-waste but imports about twice as much from other states for recycling. Very little of this actually reaches landfill sites. Some of it is picked up by authorized recyclers but a large part of it is dismantled in informal set-ups, leaving people and the environment open to hazardous pollutants.Meanwhile, NDMC is planning to put in a door-to-door collection mechanism for e-waste in its area. \"We have already recycled some 7,000 tonnes of e-waste in the past six months that was collected from our offices and schools. Now we will be targeting households. Resident welfare associations will assist us in this,\" said an official.Times ViewHaving rules and regulations on who is responsible for disposing of electronic waste is obviously not the end of the government's role in this issue. Monitoring that the rules are implemented is clearly another role it must fulfil. But even more importantly, it must take up the responsibility of creating awareness about the rules and informing the public at large where it can dispose of its e-waste. As India's population becomes increasingly e-enabled, the magnitude of the problem of e-waste disposal is only likely to rise exponentially. Unless an effective and sustained campaign is mounted to tell people what they can do to help, no amount of rules are going to suffice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15863732", "title": "Deadlock over turmeric price as traders refuse to pay fixed rate", "text": "COIMBATORE: The controversy over the price of turmeric became murkier on Monday when members of All-India Turmeric Farmers' Federation gathered in front of the markets in Erode and prevented farmers from selling their produce for less than the fixed price of Rs 9,000 per quintal. Two days ago, growers had met for a conference in Erode and decided they had the right to fix the price and vowed not to sell their produce at a cost below the fixed rate.A deadlock emerged when traders made it clear that they would not pay anything more than Rs 7,000 per quintal. Small farmers who were keen on selling their produces at the prevailing market rate were forced to return home empty-handed. Market authorities decided not to conduct any auction due to the non-cooperation of farmers.Meanwhile, federation president P K Deivasigamany held discussions with private players in the market. Most of them agreed in principle to accept the rate fixed by the farmers. He confirmed that prices fixed by farmers for different varieties would be subject to periodic review and no cartel would be allowed to manipulate the prices.However, the state government controlled Regulated Market Committee made it clear that any decision pertaining to the price-fixing by farmers can be made only after approval from government authorities. Federation activists sought a meeting with district collector Dr V K Shanmugham to get the required approvals. The collector agreed to meet them late in the evening.While, the federation is sticking to its decision, traders say that a support price for turmeric is not possible as it is not an essential commodity. Besides, there are several varieties.The present market rate is Rs 7,000 per quintal. While it was sold at Rs 17,000 a quintal two years ago, it touched an all-time low of Rs 3,500 in June before settling down at Rs 7,000 a quintal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15867041", "title": "Eight more die, fresh spell of rain disrupts relief work", "text": "JAIPUR: Eight more persons were killed in rain-related mishaps in Jaipur district on Monday even as heavy downpour disrupted relief work in seven flood-affected districts. The toll in Jaipur district has risen to 18 with Monday's incidents.According to the police, one Kamal Kumar (28), who had gone for a picnic on Sunday, got drowned in a baori at Nahargarh Fort. His body was fished out on Monday, police said. In another incident, a person died after a portion of his house collapsed at Rainwal village in Jaipur rural.In Dudu village near Jaipur-Ajmer highway, four children got drowned in a rain-fed river in the morning. Efforts were on to retrieve their bodies. In Kalwar village on the outskirts of the city, a 35-year-old woman was killed when her house collapsed. In yet another incident, an unidentified man was swept away in a rain-fed nullah on the outskirts of the city. Meanwhile, rain hit the ongoing relief work in seven worst-affected districts. Relief work like flushing out water from inundated areas, distribution of food and shifting of people from low-lying areas to relief camps came to a grinding halt. The seven districts which witnessed heavy rain are Jaipur, Dholpur, Bharatpur, Dausa, Karauli, Sikar and Jhunjhunu.\"Till Sunday evening, we managed to flush out 35% water from Laxmangarh, Magra, Dataramgarh, Kankara panchayat, Haripura and Kirad. But a fresh rain that started on Sunday has spoiled our hard work,\" an official of Sikar district collectorate said.Army personnel were deployed for relief work in many villages of Sikar and Jhunjhunu. According to an estimate, nearly 4,000 people became homeless after last week's rain and the ongoing spell of extended showers has added to their woes.In Jaipur, the district collector has put 10 boats on standby for any emergency. \"Five of the boats were sent to Madrampura kachchi basti,\" said an officer.Meanwhile, the city recorded 90mm rain on Monday. The rain started around 9.15am in Jaipur which led to traffic chaos at many places. People were stranded at prominent roads like JLN Marg, M I Road etc. Many low-lying areas, including Jawahar Nagar, Amanishah Nullah, Aamgarh slum, Kartarpura, Susheelpura and Bhatta basti, witnessed flood-like situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15855320", "title": "Varsity students analyse traffic at Sancheti chowk", "text": "PUNE: The geography department of the University of Pune has undertaken a study to analyse the traffic flow at the Sancheti hospital chowk and will soon submit its recommendations to the traffic police department and the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).The geography department has done a profiling of the vehicles passing the chowk, one of the busiest in the city, on hourly basis and will analyse the data. The data will then be compared to the survey done by the department at the same chowk some seven years ago.Earlier, the geography department had also conducted a survey on JM Road and FC Road when the one-way traffic was implemented.About 15 students were stationed at the Sancheti chowk on Sunday and Monday from 6 am to 10 pm. They noted the number of two-, three- and four-wheelers passing the chowk in various directions. The students also noted the type of vehicles with respect to buses, trucks, two-wheelers, tourist vehicles and cars. The chowk leads to three main roads towards the College of Engineering, Pune, the Shivajinagar district court and JM Road.Vijay Kumbhar, one of the students deputed at the chowk, said, \"We monitored the kind of vehicles passing through the chowk towards the three roads. The aim is to analyse what type of vehicles pass through the roads, what causes traffic and its impact on the entire vehicular system at the chowk. We also specifically monitored heavy vehicles and tourist vehicles to see how they affect the traffic system here.\"The students also aim to analyse if the vehicular traffic has any impact on pedestrians.B C Vaidya, head of the geography department, said, \"During the two days, all the data essential to studying the chowk has been collected. It will be analysed and will be submitted within 10 days to the PMC and the traffic department.\"The geography department had conducted a similar survey on JM Road and FC Road before the one-way traffic restriction was imposed. The students had conducted a survey through a questionnaire for the residents and people who regularly use these roads.Vaidya added, \"Seven years ago, we had done a similar survey at the Sancheti chowk. Our estimate is that the traffic flow at the chowk would have increased seven-folds today. However, during the previous survey, the number of two-wheelers was higher in comparison to four-wheelers. The same needs to be analysed in the current survey.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15864741", "title": "Kawad yatra firing: Cops interrogate Parmar", "text": "INDORE: Police on Monday picked up Manoj Parmar, who was shot at during a kawar yatra, about a month ago. He was discharged from hospital on Monday.The firing had taken place on July 30, when Parmar was on a pilgrimage to Ujjain. Soon after the incident, an FIR was lodged against the BJP MLA Sudarshan Gupta.Malharganj police in charge Sitaram Yadav said Manoj was admitted to Gokuldas Hospital for about three weeks following bullet injuries. He was discharged on Monday and the police have brought him to record his statement. \"After recording his statement, the police will decide the future course of action in the case,\" Yadav said.A few unidentified persons had shot at Manoj Parmar during kawad yatra. The incident took place at around 7.30 am when a the yatra began from Bhuteshwar temple.The police, on the complaint lodged by Parmar, booked the ruling party MLA along with three others under the Sections 307 and 34 of the Indian Penal Code. The incident resulted in an outcry within the party and police were forced to reinvestigate into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15859190", "title": "Coalgate: No trust vote, debate it out, Congress tells BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Monday rejected suggestions that it could seek a trust vote or call off the monsoon session ahead of schedule, saying it was for the BJP to move a no-confidence motion if it wanted to test the government's strength.Finance minister P Chidambaram said the government enjoyed a majority in Lok Sabha and felt no need to prove it. I&B; minister Ambika Soni clarified that Parliament would run till September 7 as scheduled and said the opposition has a lot to answer for with the PM clarifying his position.Congress spokesman Manish Tewari took a dig at BJP saying if it was impatient at being out of power, it could bring a no-confidence motion against the government.The categorical rejection of the twin possibilities, speculated to be part of Congress's strategy to find a way out of the logjam in Parliament, came at an evening press conference as heat rose during the day over Coalgate with few signs of the faceoff easing.The prime minister's statement on CAG's report on coal block allocations took on the auditor's claims while BJP alleged Coalgate was a device to generate funds for Congress.After the PM's statement, senior ministers P Chidambaram, Kapil Sibal and Ambika Soni mounted a stout defence of the government. They took strong exception to leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj's remark that Congress had made money out of coal allocations and said the CAG report should be debated in Parliament.\"The prime minister has made a long and detailed statement which deserves to be debated. If there is anyone who has serious differences, he must seize the opportunity of the prime minister's offer of debate,\" Chidambaram said.Congress chief Sonia Gandhi is expected to elaborate on the party's defence and take on the BJP at a meeting of the Congress parliamentary party scheduled for Tuesday ahead of the PM's departure for Tehran.With the deadlocked monsoon session likely to drag on in similar fashion, Congress held a briefing for MPs on Coalgate with Chidambaram, parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal and coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal doing the talking at Jawahar Bhavan.Questions posed reflected the unease in the party over the CAG report with one MP saying the government had slipped in popular perception. Others repeated the questions being raised by the CAG report and the opposition on the eight-year delay in auctions being legislated for coal blocks.With BJP making it plain that it will not allow Parliament to function, there was speculation that Congress could end the House prematurely. It would help the party end the embarrassment of facing Coalgate questions every morning.However, Congress leaders as well as UPA allies have been against exercising this option, apprehending it would give BJP another chance to accuse the government of ducking responsibility.I&B; minister Ambika Soni told reporters, \"There is no such thinking on the part of government. This session will go on till September 7.\"The government urged the opposition to join the session and discuss the issue. Chidambaram said, \"The PM has made a long and detailed statement which deserves to be debated. If there is anyone who has serious differences, he must seize the opportunity of PM's offer of debate.\"Parliament opened after the weekend break to rumours that a beleaguered UPA could seek a confidence vote to upstage the BJP. It was argued that showing numbers in Lok Sabha would help paint the BJP as desperate for power. Manish Tewari called it \"an eight-year itch\", alluding to BJP being out of power for eight years.Sources said Congress and UPA informally discussed the option of trust vote but the idea did not gain traction.Chidambaram said, \"Government enjoys confidence of Parliament and the government enjoys the confidence of the people... there is no reason for us to seek a vote of confidence.\"BJP has rejected Congress's appeal for discussion, and the latter feels it would help telling public that Centre could not switch from 'screening' to 'competitive bidding' because of opposition from BJP-ruled states which are key coal-producing centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15860141", "title": "Body of man found with stab wounds", "text": "CHENNAI: The body of an unidentified a young man was found in Palikaranai on Monday. The face was disfigured and there stab marks found on the body.Police said that the man would be about 25 years old. They suspect revenge or personal rivalry could have been the motive, judging from the brutal wounds found on the body. The police have formed special teams to investigate the case.Police said the body was found in a forested area, after passers by alerted them of foul smell emanted from the area. The person was wearing a navy blue t-shirt and grey trousers.Police are checking with the missing persons complaint to see if the deceased was reported missing. As the area has thick undergrowth, police said the person could have been brought to the area and then killed or dumped there after being murdered elsewhere.A dog squad was pressed into service and lost scent after going around the murder spot for a while. Police said they had specific clues in the case and were zeroing on the angle of rivalry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15850452", "title": "Bus safety kit for kids", "text": "MUMBAI: Podar Jumbo Kids along with the School Bus Owners' Association will release a bus safety kit. It will have a small cartoon clip for children and a PPT presentation on safety measures for teachers.\"We have already trained 120 of our teacher trainees who will get in touch with other schools and train teachers and children there as well. The cartoon clip will have a bus talking to children and explaining to them rules to make them aware of their safety,\" said Swati Popat Vats, director of Podar Jumbo Kids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15870372", "title": "Upbeat Sharmila aims for encore", "text": "BANGALORE: Having scripted a superb comefrom-behind victory in the season opener last week, Sharmila Nicollet would be hoping for a repeat when the second leg of the Hero-Women's Pro Golf 2012 gets under way at the Clover Greens in the city outskirts on Tuesday.With her struggles on the Ladies European Tour (LET) behind her following her playoff win over Vani Kapoor last week, the tall Bangalorean exuded confidence on the eve of the Rs 5-lakh event.\"The win last week has done wonders to my confidence and am looking forward to another productive week here,\" Sharmila said after her practice round on Monday.But to do that, Sharmila has a host of challengers to contend with, notably seasoned campaigner Smriti Mehra. Vani Kapoor, who made a brilliant pro debut last week, Neha Tripathi, Nalini Singh Siwach and Saaniya Sharma are some of the others who would be gunning to spoil Sharmila's party.Unlike the KGA, distance won't be an issue for the 16 pros and three amateurs in the field. The key at the par-70 , 5679-yard course would be to keep the ball in play and be on the right side of the tricky greens. Although the greens are slightly on the slower side, it can take a toll if one ends up on the wrong side.Sharmila, known for her long-hitting prowess, will be severely tested with her short game - her weak-link - at the Clover Greens. \"This being a short course, the approaches will have to be spot on,\" the 21-yearold pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15865370", "title": "4 held for violence after Alvida prayers", "text": "KANPUR: Four persons were arrested in connection with the violence during a demonstration over the ethnic violence in Assam at the Cycle Market in Yateem Khana area of the city after Alvida prayers on August 17.According to police, the four were arrested near Carset crossing in Colonelganj area in connection with August 17 violence. Raids were on and police have zeroed-in on nearly 25 more persons.The arrested have been identified as Mehtab, Shafi Ahmed alias Chand, both residents of Kanghi Mohal in Bajariya, Ikram of Talaq Mahal in Beconganj and Karfu of Gammu Khan Ka Hata in Colonelganj.The arrested persons said that one Irfan had given a provocative speech on a mike. Black ribbons were distributed by Israel Atte Wala and Bablu Chikna, both residents of Kanghi Mohal.The trouble broke out after Alvida prayers at Yateem Khana crossing when a procession was being taken out and slogans raised by troublemakers, wearing black ribbon to protest against violence in Assam.However, when the cops deployed in the area denied them to take out the procession, the agitators allegedly indulged in stone-pelting which left several persons, including policemen injured. Several vehicles were damaged.A case under Sections 147/148/336/427/504 and seven Criminal Act was registered against 120 unknown persons in connection with the violence and vandalism with Colonelganj police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15867924", "title": "India's Under-19 World Cup winners", "text": "Some of these players might go on to become household names. TOI profiles India's World Cup winners...UNMUKT CHAND: Led the team by example. In the final, against hosts and defending champions Australia, he displayed exemplary class and returned with an unbeaten 111 to guide India home. In doing that he followed his illustrious Delhi counterpart Virat Kohli, who also led India to victory in the 2008 edition in Kuala Lumpur. His attacking style of play has also earned him a contract with the Delhi Daredevils in the IPL.AKSHDEEP NATH: Though he didn't have the kind of World Cup his skipper Unmukt enjoyed, Akshdeep certainly has the talent to go the distance. The 19-year-old from Lucknow made his list A debut against Vidarbha in February last year. He was picked in India's squad because of sterling performances at the junior level and few notable first class performances. Watch out for him.PRASHANT CHOPRA: He comes from Himachal Pradesh and made his Ranji debut against Punjab in February last year. He was picked in India's U-19 squad purely on his batting abilities. The right-hander chipped in with valuable contributions, including a 52 in the semis against New Zealand.SANDIPAN DAS: The Bengal lad didn't feature in many matches. In the only match he played against Sri Lanka, he could score just 4. Das still has to make his Ranji Trophy debut.AKHIL HERWADKAR: Just 17, Akhil already has many fans. He has been a heavy scorer at the junior level and earned a call up to Mumbai's Ranji Trophy squad last year, though he didn't get to play.RUSH KALARIA: For the Rajkot boy, this was a last chance to impress at the junior level. But he didn't get picked apart from the practice matches where he scored 21 against Lanka.KAMAL PASSI: At just over 19, this medium pacer from Amritsar has not yet made his first class debut. But at the junior level, he has been an economical and successful bowler. In Australia, Passi was a revelation, picking up 10 wickets, including a best of 6-23 against Zimbabwe. For the lad nicknamed Pistol, a Ranji berth should be the next goal.SMIT PATEL: The gloveman from Ahmedabad accounted for 14 dismissals and made vital contributions with the bat, none more crucial than the unbeaten 62 he scored in the final. He also scored a fighting half-century in a losing cause against West Indies in the first match. He will be a marked man by the selectors as his keeping is clean and he has a terrier-like spirit.SANDEEP SHARMA: The swing and seam hero. In the final against Australia, Sharma's 4-54 was largely responsible in restricting Australia to 225. Apart from being an intelligent bowler, Sharma can also wield the willow effectively.HANUMA VIHARI: The 18-year-old right hand batsman from Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh could have had a better World Cup. Barring the 64 against Sri Lanka in the warm-up game and the 31 against Zimbabwe, he had nothing more to offer. But while playing for Hyderabad, Vihari has proved he has the ability to shine.VIKAS MISHRA: In the three matches that the left-arm-spinner played in Australia, he managed to pick two wickets. His best bowling performance was against Papua New Guinea where he picked up 1/33. He has already made it to Delhi's Ranji squad.VIJAY ZOL: This Jalna boy made it to the headlines after scoring an unbeaten 451 for Maharashtra Under-19 against Assam. His feat was unique because he became the first batsman to garner the highest score in the history of the Cooch Behar trophy. In Australia, Zol scored two half centuries.BABA APARAJITH: He shone both with bat and ball. If there was someone as consistent as skipper Unmukt, it had to be Aparajith. He scored three half centuries and struck with the ball at vital times. The 18-year-old from Chennai has the talent to go a long way.HARMEET SINGH: People in Mumbai feel that this left-arm-spinner should have already been playing in the Ranji Trophy. He bowls with a still head and has a deceptive loop. Captained the Mumbai Under-22 team to victory in the Cooch Behar Trophy last yearRAVIKANT SINGH: Like Passi, this Bengal pacer too is yet to play in the Ranji Trophy. His performances Down Under though served plenty of notice about his talent. Singh returned with a 12-wicket haul including a terrorizing spell of 5/21 against Papua New Guinea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15869227", "title": "Punjab pacer Sandeep swings his way into the limelight", "text": "NEW DELHI: That bowling made a huge impact in India's Under-19 World Cup triumph is undeniable, and one man stood out with his consistency and bite: Punjab medium pacer Sandeep Sharma.A veteran of two World Cups at the junior level now, Sharma was skipper Unmukt's go-to man in Townsville these past few days. In fact, Sharma was designated as the bowling captain of the team last year and continued to show the way to the others.Anybody who watches this pacer bowl would be reminded of the Praveen Kumar brand of seam bowling. Such was his control in moving the new ball both ways that one expected a wicket on almost every ball of his first spell. The rival team openers looked easy meat as he mixed his prodigious in-swingers with subtle out-swingers. Even later in the innings, Sandeep brought out yorkers and the slower ones as he dealt with pressure immaculately.Sharma wasn't even 17 when he went to New Zealand under Ashok Menaria's captaincy in 2010. But one didn't hear much about him till he made his five-wicket haul in his second Ranji Trophy match against Orissa last November. His coach Munish Bali said Sandeep had become too predictable with his inswingers after the last World Cup.\"We told him to work on slower balls and yorkers. But he has done well to get few balls to hold the line,\" said Bali, who had assisted Dav Whatmore when Virat Kohli lifted the Under-19 trophy four years ago.Was it too early for Sharma to be blooded in the Under-19 team when he was just 16? \"He was extremely impressive in inter-zonal tournaments. He had picked 36 wickets in five matches then. I pushed the selectors to pick him knowing the conditions in New Zealand and he did reasonably well,\" Bali added.It was only last season that Sharma got his out-swingers going under former India seamer Harvinder Singh. \"I worked with him for one season and his natural ability to swing the ball impressed me. I told him to get closer to the stumps if he wanted the ball to leave the right-handers. Must say he has done well to gain such control so soon,\" Harvinder said.Sharma surely has immense control and he exhibited that in the first match of the tournament against West Indies. To see him opening up a Test opener in Kraigg Brathwaite and knocking off his off-stump was a delight. However, he would know he has a long journey ahead. He bowls at a decent pace but he needs to work on quite a few other issues to take the next step forward.\"He can clock about 130km/hr and swinging the ball at that pace can be a handful for any batsman. But it would be better for him to work on his fitness to bowl long spells and increase his pace a little bit,\" said Harvinder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15858288", "title": "Girl child still a burden, a curse", "text": "HUBLI: Much awareness has been created about the skewed sex ratio in the country to make people realize the need to save the girl child.But the awareness campaigns by the government have had little impact on the people of Koppal district, as incidents of abandoning the girl child continue to be on the rise in the district.The fact that the District Child Welfare Committee (DCWC) found six girl children abandoned in the past four months stands testimony to the lack of acceptance for the girl child.Expressing his shock over this, Koppal DCWC chairperson Rajashekhar M said: \"It is saddening and shocking to see that many people continue to abandon their girl children. People still think that a girl child is a burden forever.\"A cradle has been put up in Huligemma temple a few kilometers from the DCWC office and there is also a cradle in the office itself, so that people can drop the child in the cradles instead of abandoning them near drains or bushes. \"Of the six children recently abandoned, two were left in the cradle in the temple, while the remaining four were left on the premises of our office,\" he said.\"We left no stone unturned in educating people in all villages about caring for the girl child. Besides, we have extensively created awareness about the schemes available for educating the girl child. But people still consider a girl child as a burden,\" he lamented.Poverty is the main reason for people to abandon girl child. In some cases, the children are abandoned as they are born out of wedlock, he said.Unfortunately, of the six girl children found in the last few months, two died of infection and other health problems. The other four babies have been handed over to the adoption center.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "15861159", "title": "US varsity scholars to conduct study on \u2018Pravargya\u2019 rituals", "text": "MALAPPURAM: A group of scholars from Harvard and Howard universities is all set to conduct a detailed study on the 'Pravargya' rituals, the introductory part of Somayagam (Agnishtomam) and its impact on nature.The scholars, Michael Witzel, department of south-Asian studies in Harvard University, Finnian Moore Gerety, department of Sanskrit, Harvard University and T P Mahadevan, professor of Indology at Howard University , Washington DC , will document all the rituals related to 'Pravargya' and conduct a detailed study on the positive and negative impacts of the rituals on the atmosphere with the support of scientists.Various studies have been conducted in the past on the effect of the Yaga rituals on the atmosphere. And scientists from Cochin University of Science and Technology (Cusat) had found that the 'Yaga' had had a positive impact on soil, air and the atmosphere in general. However, they have not, so far, been able to explain the reason for this. It is for the first time that a study is going to be conducted on the 'Pravargya' rituals alone.It's believed that the 'Pravargya' rituals help cleanse a large area of the atmosphere.In the three-to-six day-long rituals, ghee is poured into a special pot and boiled. The pot is made by mixing well soil, iron powder and goat's hair with milk. When the pot turns red, goat's milk is poured into it. This produces a huge ball of fire, which cleanses the atmosphere.All the rituals are performed during day time, and they are preceded and followed by 'Saanthijapam' (chanting for peace and tranquility). Professor T P Mahadevan, who had recently come to Naras Mana in Edappal in connection with the study, told TOI that the new study, which would deal with all aspects of 'Pravargya' and its impact on nature, would also be a comparison between the philosophical and the practical side of the introductory rituals of the 'Yagas'.'We will try to give more clarification to the findings of the scientists,\" he said, adding that Michael Witzel and Finnian Moore Gerety would soon visit the Naras Mana.In 1975, Frits Staal, a professor of philosophy and south/southeast Asian Studies at the University of California , had organized 'Athirathram', and documented it.Vedic expert Itty Ravi Namboothiri of Naras Mana, who associated with Frits Staal in his research, said the fresh study was expected to help revive the rituals that were on the verge of extinction.It's believed that the 'Pravargya' rituals help cleanse a large area of the atmosphere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "15870996", "title": "Three held for duping people, promising Rs 3L aid from Akal Takht", "text": "BARNALA: Police on Monday arrested three persons for selling forged forms to parents of three daughters, luring them with false promise of financial assistance from the Akal Takht, the supreme temporal seat of Sikhs. The accused told their victims, those who had three daughters, that the forms could be used for applying for financial of Rs 3 lakh from the Akal Takht and Nanhi Chhaan, an organization for girl child started by Bathinda MP Harsimrat Kaur Badal.Tapa SHO Sanjiv Singla said, \"Police raided typists and form sellers in kiosks outside the SDM's office and nabbed three persons selling the forged forms for Rs 200. The typists claimed that the Akal Takht and Nanhi Chhaan organization would provide Rs 3 lakh each to parents of three daughters.\"The arrested accused are Ajay Kumar, Satnam Singh of Tapa and Jagdev Singh of Jagjitpura village. Police recovered 33 forms from their possession.Earlier, similar forms were recovered from Moga and deputy commissioner Arshdeep Singh Thind had ordered a probe into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15859684", "title": "Hoarded granite blocks found", "text": "MADURAI: The team of officials, which is inspecting the granite quarrying in the district, stumbled upon a huge quantity of granite blocks that were hoarded illegally in Keezhavalavu village on Monday morning. The team came to the village after some villagers found that there was a container hidden among the granite blocks stored in the east of Keezhavalavu village near Panajapandavar hillock and alerted the officials.When the officials visited the spot, they found that more than 20,000 granite blocks were hoarded at the spot. Officials suspect that the granite owners had hid these blocks after quarrying in some other places. The granite owners had barricaded the area with stone blocks so that not many will have access to the area. But after the government tightened its grip on illegal granite mining, the villagers happened to find the container amidst the granite blocks.After the raids began from August 2, 22,000 granite blocks have been found in various villages excluding the new stockyard, the officials said on Monday. \"We estimated two lakh cubic metres from those 22,000 granite blocks we found earlier and even after suspending one lakh cubic metre as scrap, the granite value of one lakh cubic metre can be estimated at Rs 4,000 crore. The blocks found have to be counted to get the exact number,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15867627", "title": "Auto drivers protest against cop 'assault'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A large number of auto-rickshaw drivers on Monday staged a demonstration in front of the office of Bhubaneswar traffic ACP alleging that the police officer manhandled a driver near Vani Vihar in the morning.The driver, Dharanidhar Mallick, alleged that the ACP Binod Das beat him for no reason. \"I was waiting for passengers near Vani Vihar square when he came with his guards and started rebuking me. He then beat me,\" said Mallick, who was admitted to Capital Hospital with injuries on his hands.Aggrieved fellow drivers besieged the traffic office at AG Square and blocked the busy secretariat route for a few minutes. \"This is sheer highhandedness by the traffic police. Instead of imposing fine on us, they are manhandling,\" he said.Das refuted the allegations. \"I did not beat him. He along with three other autos had blocked the road, creating traffic problem. When we intervened, he created the drama,\" the traffic ACP said.Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh, who discussed with the agitating auto drivers, said he was inquiring into the matter. \"I have assured them to look into the matter. We will also ensure that the injured auto driver gets proper and free treatment in hospital,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15869068", "title": "Soren counting on 'young tigers' to rejuvenate party", "text": "BOKARO: Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) chief Shibu Soren on Monday announced his youngest son Basant would contest the next assembly election, virtually making the party the fiefdom of his family. He, however, made it clear that he would continue to call the shots in the outfit.\"I am a tiger and a tiger never gets old,\" he said soon after the conclusion of the two-day central committee meeting here. \"I will keep working for the people till my last breath,\" he added.In the same breath, Soren said it was also necessary to rejuvenate the party with \"young tigers\". \"The younger tigers have more zeal and potentials,\" he said.With Basant, who was looking after the party's youth wing so far being projected to contest elections, every member of the Soren family has been brought into the party fold. Soren's eldest son Durga was an MLA who died a couple of years ago. Durga's wife Sita is an MLA in the party now. Hemant, Soren's second son, is the deputy chief minister of the state.In the last elections, majority of the JMM's candidates were old cadres. \"The time has come to give them opportunity to work and take the party to new heights,\" Soren said. \"I have brought the party to this level after many years of struggle and want that the next generation to take the JMM to the national level. The party's banner has to be established in other states like West Bengal, Assam, Bihar, Odisha, Chhattisgarh etc,\" he said.The JMM will contest parliamentary and assembly elections alone on all the seats, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15863515", "title": "Rains scanty, but Bypass battered", "text": "KOLKATA: A city that goes under knee-deep water after an hour of sharp showers is yet to see any major waterlogging this year. But the sparse monsoon hasn't prevented three major arterial roads - Eastern Metropolitan Bypass, Rashbehari-Kasba and Prince Anwar Shah connectors - from being pockmarked with potholes that have triggered a flurry of accidents.The EM Bypass, arguably the busiest road in Kolkata, has disintegrated in several stretches, the worst of them being below the Swabhumi station of East West Metro that is under construction. Craters that are 6 to 8-inch deep force motorists to brake suddenly or swerve sharply in order to avoid damage to their vehicles. This has led to a spate of accidents on the high-speed corridor. Though there haven't been any fatalities, motorists and locals said it was only a matter of time before someone got killed.The section of the road below the Bengal Chemical station is also potholed as is the section opposite Dattabad where the VIP Road flyover ramp meets the Bypass. \"The road was properly repaired four years ago. Since then, there have been patchwork repairs that get washed away by just an hour's rain. The situation turns precarious every monsoon. There have been fatalities too. But the authorities don't seem to bother,\" said Dattabad resident and fast food stall owner Debasis Das.While motorists have a tough time with cars often breaking down or suffering punctures, bikers and scooterists risk their lives trying to negotiate the potholes. At Parama Island opposite Science City, the condition of Bypass is so bad that it now resembles a dirt track.\"Rain, coupled with the use of heavy machinery that is at work on the elevated corridor project and construction of underpass, has left the road in a shambles. It is extremely dangerous to ride through this stretch,\" said serviceman Sumit Mazumdar, who rides a motorcycle.Next, one encounters potholes near Ruby General hospital and Anandapur. The stretch just before Bypass' intersection with Rashbehari-Kasba connector is extremely hazardous with vehicles having to brake suddenly. The wearing away of the road surface at this vital intersection as well as the section where Prince Anwar Shah Road meets the Bypass has dislodged stone-chips, causing vehicles to skid on braking.S Bhaumick, who was gingerly driving through the area, said he was in mortal fear of being hit by a speeding bus from behind every time he braked to avoid a pothole. \"More than the front, I have to keep looking at the rear-view mirror to take evasive action,\" he said.Both the connectors - Rashbehari-Kasba and Prince Anwar Shah Road - are also in very bad shape. While craters are scattered across various sections of Rashbehari-Kasba connector, the stretch between Sapuipara and Jadavpur police station on Prince Anwar Shah connector has no road surface. \"Rubble is dropped on the craters at night but they don't serve any purpose. Some bitumen has also been dumped in the craters six times this monsoon, but with the contractors not even using a road roller to put it firmly in place, they don't even last one shower,\" said autorickshaw driver Bablu Dey.Though chief minister Mamata Banerjee had asked Kolkata Municipal Corporation and Kolkata Municipal Development Authority to repair the Bypass immediately after coming to power last year, there has been no improvement. Patchwork repairs never last due to poor quality of workmanship and the use of inferior material by contractors.Vivek Bharadwaj, chief executive officer of KMDA, the custodian of the Bypass and the two connectors, admitted the situation was bad but pointed to the Park Circus-Parama Island elevated corridor project and widening of the Bypass to implement the Bus Rapid Transport System (BRTS) for delaying the comprehensive repair. \"We were only able to apply one coat instead of four that were planned. Tenders have been floated for a thorough repair. It will be done after the rains. Next year, the Bypass will be very different from what it is now,\" he promised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15858398", "title": "Tricksters steal Rs5.65 lakh from car in a minute", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite being aware of the tricks employed by thieves nowadays, Wardhaman Nagar resident Akshay Kohli lost Rs5.65 lakh cash to two tricksters on Monday afternoon.As per Kohli's guess, it took less the thieves less than a minute to decamp with the bag that was kept in his car at a fuel station on Manewada Road.Kohli, a saw mill owner, had withdrawn the cash to pay a dealer in Seoni. \"Since there is no branch of Bank of Baroda in Seoni, I withdrew the cash from Narendra Nagar branch,\" Kohli told the police. He then stopped at a fuel station. Having filled diesel in his car, the businessman was heading towards Wardhaman Nagar's Punjab National Bank to make a demand draft when he was stopped by two youths who told him diesel was leaking from his car.\"I locked the car and stepped out. I didn't see any problem but decided to go back to the fuel station to get it double-checked,\" Kolhi told police, adding that the bag was in the car at this point.He parked the car at the entrance of the fuel station and went inside to call a service boy. This time, Kohli forgot to lock his vehicle. When he returned moments later, the bag was missing.\"I have read about many tricks. Youths distract attention by throwing dust on the victim's clothes or by laying a few notes on the road. But I never knew about this trick,\" said Kohli, adding that the youths may have followed him from the bank or at the point where he was stopped by them first.Additional CP (South region), Anant Shinde, who investigated the spot with Ajni PI R M Katole, immediately called senior police inspectors of Ambazari, Sonegan and Dhantoli police station at the spot. Shinde, with DCP Chandra Kishore Mina, held a meeting with the officers to discuss the ways used by thieves to rob people. Sources said such incidents are occurring frequently under the jurisdiction of Zone I and Zone IV.He immediately reported the matter to Ajni police and file a complaint. Satisfied with the cop's immediate action, Kohli said that the police including the senior officers acted swiftly to get the any clue of the thief.Learning about such incident rising in the city in south region,Kohli said that Shinde has assured him that they will definitely nab the tricksters and help him to get his cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15869745", "title": "Govt readies paper to declare six districts drought-hit", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Monday directed the agriculture department to submit necessary documents to the cabinet to announce six districts - Deoghar, Dumka, Godda, West Singhbhum, Koderma and Giridih - drought-hit.The directive was issued during a review meeting with senior officials to assess the progress of the Centre and state-sponsored schemes and condition of agriculture because of delayed monsoon. \"I have asked the agriculture department to put up necessary documents before the cabinet to that these districts may be announced drought-hit,\" Munda said after the review meeting.Officials present in the meeting said these six districts had received less than 50% rainfall and paddy cultivation had also been very poor.Expressing dissatisfaction over poor utilization of funds by most of the departments especially under the Backward Region Grant Fund, he said the officers were asked to prepare detailed plan to ensure proper execution of projects. \"This is the first year of the 12th Five Year Plan period and I will have mid-term appraisal of various department from September 8,\" Munda said.adding that once the appraisal was over he would visit all 24 districts to hold review meeting with officials and elected representatives of panchayats.\"I have also asked the deputy commissioners to start work in their respective district on e-governance project. We need to have a transparent system at district level and for this e-governance is must,\" said Munda.Inaugurating news portal www.jharkhandstatenews.com on Monday, Munda said the role of information technology was very important in the service sector, especially at the time of globalization.The portal has been designed to encourage students, teachers and unemployed youths to use internet and promote self-employment and empower the educated unemployed youths, especially hailing from the rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15860155", "title": "Jet Airways to operate more flights", "text": "KOCHI: Jet Airways has informed that they will operate additional flights to Kuwait and Bahrain between October 18-27.According to a release, from October 18, the airlines will begin its additional services to Kuwait and the services to Bahrain will begin on October 19.On Sunday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, flight 9W575 will arrive from Kuwait at 6.20am and leave Kochi at 7.05am.On Monday, Tuesday and Thursday, flight 9W593 will arrive from Bahrain at 5.15am. On the same days, flight 9W594 will leave CIAL at 7.05pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15863797", "title": "Waste on wetland with 'permission'", "text": "KOLKATA: Bidhannagar Municipality has been dumping solid waste at Mollar Bheri for the past five years after getting a no-objection certificate from the East Kolkata Wetland Management Authority (EKWMA) in August 2007. This might have gone on for even longer had not the state government woken up to a central environment rule that prohibits dumping of garbage in the protected wetlands.Chief secretary and chairman of the East Kolkata Wetland Management Authority (EKWMA) Samar Ghosh now wants the Bidhannagar Municipality to make a fresh application to the wetland authority on Mollar Bheri.EKW is a Ramsar site that provides a natural sewer channel for the city and a fodder to the wetland population who make a living from the fish and vegetables grown in these sewer-fed bheris.Going by the rule, the Bidhannagar Municipality can't dump solid waste at Mollar Bheri even though no matter if it has got a no-objection certificate from the EKW Management Authority (EKWMA) under chief secretary in August, 2007. The same rule throws a spanner on the Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation's (Hidco) plan to use the Beonta mouza in Rajarhat for dumping solid waste from the New Town area.The Wetlands (Conservation and Management) Rules, 2010, framed by the Union ministry of environment and forests under clause (iv) of Rule 4 prohibits such dumping of solid waste. The clause also specifies that if such practice existed before the rules came into force, it has to be phased out within six months from the commencement of the rules.The matter came up in the EKWMA meeting held on August 13 where environment officials pointed out that the practice was in contravention with the central rule. But then, the Biddhanangar Municipality didn't start the dumping on its own. It chose Mollar Bheri for dumping solid waste only after getting a no-objection certificate from none other than the EKWMA. Officials present at the meeting held that the management body has no authority to issue such an NOC going against the central rule. It was precisely on this ground that the EKWMA scuttled plans for dumping solid waste at Beonta in Rajarhat.KMDA CEO Vivek Bharadwaj, who was present in the meeting, has already communicated the decision to the Bidhannagar Municipality. \"I was present in the meeting and have already asked the Bidhannagar Municipality to make a fresh application for renewal of permission from EKWMA. If the municipality doesn't get the permission, it has to come out with an alternative,\" said Bharadwaj.The government is in a bind. Neither can it allow the municipality to continue with the dumping, nor can it stop the process in a day. It can't just allow Bidhannagar Municipality to continue with the dumping and can't stop it in a day because of practical reasons.\"There is a distinct difference between sewer and solid waste. We have no plans to block sewer water from the city canals to flow into the EKW. In fact, that is the uniqueness of EKW. But dumping solid waste is a different thing altogether. If done without precaution it may lead to filling up the wetlands. The problem was discussed in the last meeting. Measures have to be taken to phase out the dumping of solid waste at Molar Bheri as the law says,\" an EKWMA official said.Almost a 100 tonnes of solid waste is being dumped at Mollar Bheri for the last five years since August 2007, and the New Town Rajarhat is likely to face even a greater problem once the central rule is enforced. However, the EKWMA while giving the go-ahead to the Bidhannagar Municipality in 2007 directed to demarcate the dumping site at Mollar Bheri from the adjoining wetlands to prevent spillage.EKWMA members held in the August meeting that nothing has been done so far. And more, the no-objection certificate (NOC) was given to the Bidhannagar Municipality for a year only. The municipality didn't come for renewal for all these years. The EKWMA sent a notice to the municipality in 2009 seeking the current status of the dump site, but the notice was ignored.State environment officials have already taken up the matter with the Union ministry of environment and forests narrating the uniqueness of the EKW, but there has been no response from the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15854287", "title": "Allow roadside stalls to sell Ganesh idols, mandals tell PMC", "text": "PUNE: City-based Ganesh mandals want the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to allow roadside stalls to sell idols, if they are not a nuisance. The civic body has decided not allow such stalls and promised action for any violation.\"No permission has been given to set up stalls on the roadside for various reasons. The anti-encroachment department will take action against violators,\" said Ramesh Shelar, head of the anti encroachment cell of PMC.Mandals and citizens will celebrate Ganeshotsav between September 19 and 29. Most idols are purchased from roadside vendors.\"These vendors hardly keep their stalls for a week. It is convenient for people to purchase idols from nearby areas. Therefore, the civic body should allow setting up of the stalls,\" said Piyush Shah of Sainath Mandal, adding that the stall vendors should take care that their business does not create a nuisance to the public.\"Some roads are narrow and vendors must ensure that traffic is not held up. Stalls help citizens to get idols near their homes,\" said Bharat Thakur, president of Kasba Mandal.Anand Saraf, a mandal worker, who runs a campaign called Vidhayak to promote social messages during the festival said that permission should be on individual cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15864286", "title": "Eklavya Awards a major morale booster", "text": "INDORE: Dheeraj Dave, Anandita Gupta and Oshin Tawani, the three players selected from Indore for excellence in wrestling, squash and shooting, respectively, will receive the prestigious Eklavya Award from chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on August 29. They said that the awards have come as a big moral booster and they will toil hard to do well in national and international platforms.\"It will be a great honour for me to receive the award from chief minister Shivraj Singh Chauhan and I think my hard work has paid,\" says Dheeraj Dave, the wrestler. He says he has been learning wrestling since he was a kid and his big brother, a kabaddi player, is his inspiration.\"I have played 14 nationals in which I won one gold, four silver and four bronze medals. I dream of winning a medal in Olympics like Sushil Kumar. He is my ideal. I am preparing for the junior nationals wrestling,\" says the young wrestler. Anandita Gupta, another Eklavya Awardee, has excelled in squash. A student from the Daly College began playing squash from the age of 11 years. Her siblings supported her decision to take it as serious sport activity. She says, \"I used to play tennis earlier, but somehow got interested in squash. Since then my interest developed for game.\"She has won bronze medal at national-level and is the first girl from the state to receive it. She stood 10th in the Asian squash ranking in Sri Lanka . \"My parents and I are equally happy and this award has encouraged to perform much better in the upcoming championship.\" Similarly, Mhow-based shooter Oshin Tawani had developed interest in shooting since she was three. Her father Dr Om Prakash Tawani said the family is proud of her latest achievement. and wants her to excel.The Mhow-based girl got selected in MP State Shooting Academy in Bhopal for her achievements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15864779", "title": "BRTS deadline extended yet again", "text": "INDORE: The wait for Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) corridor has just got longer. Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has offered a revised deadline of October 15 to the civic body for completion of work for most of the bus stops on the corridor. The previous deadline of September has been extended as Indore Municipal Corporation has so far failed to start a trial bus service on the corridor.On his visit to the city, principal secretary of Urban Administration Department, S P S Parihar has forwarded a communication to officials of the civic body to complete the work on BRTS bus stops before October 15.Meanwhile, Centre for Environment Planning and Technology (CEPT), the agency looking after the designing of the project, has stressed on the need to have railing on the entire corridor even as the consultant of the project, Hiten Mehta, is opposing the installation. He maintains that the railing should be installed only between Geetan Bhavan Crossing and LIG Crossing.The otherwise 60m wide corridor is just 30m wide between Geeta Bhavan Crossing to LIG Crossing. Civic officials and project consultant are of view that putting railing on the section will leave little space for movement of other vehicles. Finding a way out, the principal secretary of the department has directed the officials to put up temporary barricades at the section for a month on a trial basis. Depending on the response, the officials will decide whether the section should have railing or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15854050", "title": "Woman from Goa killed in e-way accident", "text": "PUNE: A 42-year-old woman, Harhad Amin Harji from Goa, was killed and six others injured in an accident involving two sports utility vehicles (SUVs) on the Pune-Mumbai expressway near Lonavla on Sunday night.Harji's husband Amin (47) and son Shahrukh (16) were seriously injured. Kamlesh Hemchandra Harpale (40) of Erandwane in Pune, his wife Rohini (40) and two sons Kedar (15) and Raju (11) were also injured. They are being treated at a private hospital in Nigdi and are out of danger, the police said.Investigating officer Parashuram Jadhav of the Lonavla rural police station told TOI that the accident took place around 9 pm near Sinhagad college near Lonavla. He said the Harji family was heading towards Pune in an SUV when one of its tyres burst near Sinhagad college.The driver lost control and the vehicle crashed through the divider and onto the Mumbai-bound lane on which the Harpales were travelling in another SUV. \"Both vehicles overturned,\" he said. Jadhav said that police and employees of Ideal Road Builders rushed to the spot and took the injured to hospital. \"Harhad succumbed during treatment,\" he said. Traffic on the Mumbai-bound lane was thrown out of gear till the vehicles were removed.\"We have registered a case of accidental death,\" Jadhav said. tnnPune : A 42-year-old woman from Goa was killed and six persons sustained injuries in an accident involving two sports utility vehicles (SUV) on the Pune-Mumbai expressway near Lonavla on late Sunday night.The Lonavla rural police said the deceased was Harhad Amin Harji. Harji's husband Amin Harji (47) and son Shahrukh (16) sustained severe injuries in the accident. A couple from Pune and their two children also sustained injuries in the accident. They have been identified as Kamlesh Hemchandra Harpale (40) of Erandwane, his wife Rohini (40) and two sons Kedar (15) and Raju (11). The injured people are being treated at a private hospital in Nigdi. They are out of danger, police said.The investigating officer of the Lonavla rural police station Parashuram Jadhav told the TOI that the accident took place near Sinhagad college near Lonavla around 9 pm on Sunday.Jadhav said that Harji family was heading towards Pune in the SUV. While Harpale family was heading towards Mumbai in the another SUV. The tyre of Harji's SUV burst near Sinhagad college. \"The driver then lost control of the wheel and crashed into the road divider,\" he said.Jadhav said that the impact was such that the SUV crossed the lane and rammed into Harpale's SUV, which was in the Mumbai bound lane. \"Both the vehicles overturned on the Pune-Mumbai expressway,\" he said.Jadhav said that the police and the people from Ideal Road Builders (IRB) rushed to the spot and took the injured to the private hospital in Nigdi. \"Harhad Harji succumbed during the treatment,\" he said.The traffic on the Mumbai bound lane was thrown out of gear as both the vehicles overturned on the road. The traffic was restored to normalcy after the vehicles were removed. \"We have registered a case of accidental death in this regard,\" Jadhav added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15868250", "title": "Interiors will be aesthetically pleasing, spacious", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh Metro's interiors will be aesthetically pleasing with state-of-the-art technology as well as spacious for comfortable travelling. The new-age features being included in phase III of Delhi Metro will be incorporated for the benefit of commuters, especially standees.\"The gangways are designed to give a wider, comfortable standing space during peak hours along with easy and faster passenger movement, especially in case of an emergency,\" reads the detailed project report prepared by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC).\"Passenger capacity is maximized in a Metro system by providing longitudinal seats and utilizing the remaining space for standing passengers. Therefore, all the equipment are mounted on the under frame for maximum space utilization,\" it adds. | For swift evacuation of passengers, four doors of adequate width will be provided on each side of the coach. These doors will be of such dimension and location that all passengers inside the train are able to evacuate within least possible time without conflicting movements.As the Metro trains will take a ramp to come on elevated sections, automatic door closing mechanism has been planned for passenger safety. The door will be bi-parting sliding type as in the existing DMRC coaches.For phase III of Delhi Metro, DMRC has decided to add new features to make the interiors of the tube look smarter. It will have dynamic route maps based on LED technology, LED-based display panels and grab handles for standing passengers.Provision for escalators will be made at entrances from both sides of the platform. Initially, tickets will be issued manually. But at a later stage, automatic ticketing will be provided for which space provision has been made in the plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15854044", "title": "Delhi government doubles financial aid for critically ill", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government on Monday relaxed norms for providing financial assistance to poor patients suffering from serious kidney, liver and heart ailments, hiking the maximum aid to Rs five lakh from Rs 2.5 lakh.Last September, the government had set up Delhi Arogya Kosh (DAK) with an initial corpus of Rs 10 crore. In her budget speech, chief minister Sheila Dikshit had hiked it to Rs 110 crore.The Cabinet has decided to increase the limit of annual family income from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 2 lakh for being eligible for the scheme, Sheila said. As per the existing norms, an applicant has to be a resident of Delhi for the last three years to avail the benefits. \"A need was felt to enhance the effectiveness of the scheme in order to help the needy,\" she said.Officials said government has decided to enhance the upper limit of the financial aid for patients suffering from heart diseases, cancer and kidney diseases to Rs 5 lakh or 100 per cent of the estimated cost of the treatment, whichever is less. Similarly, for kidney/liver transplants and bone-marrow transplant also the limit has been increased from Rs 2.5 lakh to Rs 5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15870855", "title": "BBMP commissioner moved out as garbage crisis festers", "text": "BANGALORE: Amid the mounting garbage crisis in the city, the state government has shunted out BBMP commissioner MK Shankaralinge Gowda.Karnataka State Industrial Investment Development Corporation MD Rajneesh Goel will replace Gowda, who has been posted as principal secretary to the horticulture department.Though the postings, which take immediate effect, are part of a major bureaucratic shakeup , the change in the BBMP comes when the city is in the grip of a major garbage crisis.For over a week, the BBMP's disposal mechanism has collapsed in the face of stiff resistance from farmers in and around the three major landfills.With garbage piling up in the city, Gowda was at the centre of a concerted drive to remove it over the past few days.Official sources said Gowda's transfer is connected to the festering garbage crisis and the ruling party's keenness to shun controversy ahead of assembly elections. They said high court strictures against the government over the crisis were discussed at the highest levelGowda's two predecessors, too, had been eased out amid controversies. Last year, Siddaiah paid the price for probing the Rs 1,539-crore fake bill scam. Siddaiah had replaced Bharat Lal Meena, who was transferred in the midst of 198 corporators taking charge.TIMES VIEWA week into the garbage crisis and all that the government has done, apart from a few stop-gap measures to clear the muck from the streets and dump it at closed landfills, is to find a fall guy. By dismissing the BBMP commissioner, the government has gone by the time-honoured tradition of hanging someone for a problem and hoping the problem will die with him. But there's no long-term solution in sight. With the Pollution Control Board talking tough on not reopening the Mavallipura landfill, and residents of Mandur hell-bent on not allowing garbage trucks to enter the village, the crisis is all set to worsen. The government must either empower the BBMP to take a decision or call in professional waste managers to resolve the crisis. The buck stops with home minister R Ashoka, who is also in charge of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15860703", "title": "Sparrows find shelter in older parts of Chennai city", "text": "CHENNAI: They may no longer be a common sight, but sparrows continue to roost in Chennai \u2014 in nooks and crannies. The Chennai chapter of the national sparrow survey will shortly finish a part of its survey of the north Chennai area and the figures, although lesser than expected, are not disappointing. Already, surveyors have spotted 1,750 sparrows, they say.\"This is mainly in areas like Royapuram, Kalmandapam, Parry's Corner, the high court complex and a few parts of Thiruvottiyur,\" said Ashwin Kumar of the Trust for Environment Monitoring and Action initiating. \"As we go north towards Thiruvottiyur and beyond, the numbers look even better.\"Old buildings, thatch roofs, waste food lying around and absence of traffic are among the factors that draw sparrows to an area. \"They don't need trees,\" said Ashwin. \"They dwell in household corners and there are plenty of old houses in north Chennai where they can nest in crevices or in gaps on sloping roofs. Also there is a lot of waste lying around, which provides food.\"This could mean that other old areas in the city too may be possible hot spots. \"Apart from North Chennai, we are expecting, Triplicane, Mylapore, Royapettah and Choolaimedu to be definite hotspots,\" said Ashwin. \"In Choolaimedu, we found 100 sparrows along a single stretch along the Cooum. The thatched roofs of huts along the river bank provide some great nesting places. \"The largest population in a single area so far \u2014 more than 218 male sparrows, 233 females and 10 nests \u2014 has been found in Raja Kadai area, between Royapuram and Tiruvottiyur.However, the new areas with their high-rise buildings, whose flat surfaces with no corners jutting out make nesting impossible, have yielded disappointing results. There have been zero sightings in Anna Nagar and K K Nagar, say surveyors.The census in North Chennai will be finished in 15 days and a citywide census within the next two months, they said. The National sparrow census has made 9,975 sightings from 7,966 locations across the country. People interested in volunteering for sparrow census can contact 9884270145 and 9176570692.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15855282", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation to insure staff on demolition drive", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) will provide life insurance cover to civic officials who are on duty during the anti-encroachment drive to boost their morale and ensure their safety.The land records department will buy a life insurance policy from the government-owned New India Assurance Company to cover 163 employees at an annual premium of Rs 1.61 lakh for an amount ranging from Rs 3 lakh to Rs 10 lakh depending on the employee's class which will benefit the kin.Speaking to TOI, Subhash Machare, chief of social welfare department, PCMC said, \"The civic body has taken the insurance policy for the employees of the Bahinabai Chaudhary zoo and the fire brigade. The civic body now will provide insurance cover to the 163 employees who will participate in its anti-encroachment drives. These include 25 officers belonging to Class I and II, 93 employees belonging to Class III and 14 belonging to Class IV. The medical bills of the injured employees will also be paid through the insurance policy.\"Political parties in Pimpri Chinchwad, including the ruling NCP, are opposed to the anti-encroachment drive against unauthorised constructions and want them regularized. Demolition drives have been marred by stones being pelted at the civic staff and policemen.The civic administration has drawn up a proposal which will come up for approval at the standing committee meeting on Tuesday. The proposal states that the civic body has given the responsibility of demolishing the unauthorized constructions in the city to the zonal officers, executive engineers and employees of the four zonal offices.There is resentment among the citizens about the drive due to which it is likely to face stiff opposition and the possibility of the staff participating in the drive getting injured cannot be ruled out, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15858402", "title": "Boy\u2019s death in pool: Make school pay for lapses, says PIL", "text": "CHENNAI: A new public interest petition seeking to invoke non-bailable offences against the dean and director of Padma Seshadri Bala Bhavan Senior Secondary School, where a Class 4 student drowned on August 16, has been filed in the Madras high court.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice A Arumughaswamy, before which the PIL filed by advocate P Pugalenthi came up for admission, has adjourned it to Friday.When the matter was taken up, M Radhakrishnan, counsel for petitioner, drew a parallel with the July 25 death of Shruthi, a Class II student of Zion Matriculation School, and said that non-bailable provisions were invoked against the school correspondent and he was arrested though the accident occurred outside school premises .In the case of PSBB student Ranjan, he drowned in the school pool during regular class hours. In spite of the school management's direct culpability, police have charged them with bailable offences and have not sought to prosecute the dean and director of the school, the petition said.Referring to a comprehensive school health programme issued by the CBSE in 2006, Pugalenthi said swimming had not been included as an activity from Classes 1 to 4. Noting that no sensible school would ever permit children to swim after the commencement of school hours, he said the school did not have enough instructors or lifeguards at its pool.Citing reports that 26 students were under the supervision of one instructor, Pugalenthi said the dean and director would have been aware that they needed at least five efficient swimming coaches to handle a class of that size. The responsibility of taking care of students during school hours rests with the management of which the dean and director is the head, the petition said.Yet another PIL wanted the case to be entrusted to the CBI for probe. Filed by one Varaaki, the petition said no fair and impartial probe was possible by a state agency, as children of several top officers of the state are students of the school. All these petitions will together be taken up for hearing by the court on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15859585", "title": "Firing in Kokrajhar on a day Bajrang Dal calls for bandh", "text": "GUWAHATI: Armed miscreants on Monday night hurled three grenades and set fire to several houses in Pakharital area under Fakiragram police station in the trouble-torn Kokrajhar district of the BTC. Fierce gun battle was on between police and miscreants, although there was no report of any miscreant being killed until the filing of this report.Another incident of violence took place in Salakati area under Kokrajhar district on Monday night. Sources said that in both the incidents at least five people are reported to be injured. There were also reports of miscreants trying to set afire a bridge in Tamulpur under Baksa district of BTC.The relief camps were tense on a day the Hindu right-wing group Bajrang Dal called for an Assam Bandh in protest against the violence in the Bodoland Tribal Council areas, whereas the indefinite curfew clamped in Chirang continued.Five Bengali-speaking Muslims were killed in Chirang and two in Dhemaji on Saturday while two more bodies were found, one in Chirang on Saturday and another in Dhubri on Sunday. A woman and a child were injured during an attack at Salakati in Kokrajhar on Sunday. Such was the fear of violence that inmates at Bhawraguri relief camp refused to step out.A total of 1,82,505 people have taken shelter in 49 relief camps in Kokrajhar; 1,04,064 in 22 camps in Chirang; and, 1,75,829 in 132 camps in Dhubri. The Army stepped up counter-insurgency operations in Bodoland Territorial Autonomous Districts (BTAD) as the government feared militants could create trouble. Sources said security forces have already started an operation against militants in the forests of Chakrasila in Kokrajhar.While the curfew was on, the All Bodoland Muslim Students' Union (ABMSU) activists blocked trains for about two hours at Bijni in Chirang on Monday. They also protested in front of Bijni police station demanding immediate arrest of those behind Saturday's killings and Sunday's violence.\"Our protest will intensify if the culprits are not arrested. We also condemn Bajrang Dal's call of bandh as it will only escalate tension,\" said ABMSU general secretary, Majid Ali Ahmed.A panel comprising parliamentary secretary Rana Goswami, Congress general secretary Abu Saleh Nazmuddin, Congress spokesperson Rejaul Karim Laskar and chairman of the Linguistic Minority Board Sanjay Chakraborty submitted its report to chief minister Tarun Gogoi.The bandh, calling for the arrest of AIUDF chief Badaruddin Ajmal, whom Bajrang Dal has accused of instigating violence in BTC as well as across the country in the aftermath of the clashes, hit life in upper, lower and central Assam districts. Over 500 protesters were arrested by police from various parts of the state. Bajrang Dal activists staged protests by burning tyres and setting burning Ajmal's effigies. The bandh was also supported by the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP).\"The response from the public is overwhelming. Our demand is the arrest of Ajmal, who is the main culprit behind the clashes in the BTC areas; he also engineered violence in other states,\" said Lakhi Gogoi, co-convener of Bajrang Dal, North-East Prant.Business establishments and educational institutions remained closed. Besides, normal life in Nagaon, Morigaon, Barpeta, Nalbari, Dhubri, Kamrup (rural), Kamrup (metro) and several upper Assam districts. Attendance in government offices was thin. In Guwahati, streets looked deserted with few private vehicles seen plying. But the bandh did not impact air and rail services. Private buses were off the road as the city residents preferred to remain indoors. Several Bajrang Dal protesters were arrested by police from Ambari and Maligaon areas of Guwahati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15898653", "title": "Has Sara Khan found love again?", "text": "She has always been in the news and mostly for wrong reasons.What put Sara Khan in the limelight was her marriage with actor Ali Merchant on 'Bigg Boss' in October, 2010 followed by their split and divorce within a year.However, things seem to be improving on the personal front for the actress now as she has fallen in love all over again.The actress, as informed by our reliable sources, is dating Paras Chhabra, a contestant from season five of 'Splitsvilla' . Informs our source, \"Sara met Paras in April at a common friend's party and the two hit it off instantly.They have started putting their lovey dovey pictures on their respective display pictures on their mobile phones. The actress often writes PC (Paras Chhabra's initials) followed by a kissing emoticon as her BB status. They have become very close and love to hang out each other.\"Apparently, Paras was earlier dating Akansha Popli, who had won 'Splitsvilla' season five along with Paras. We hope there is no splits villa for the latest couple in tellydom. WhileSara declined any truth to the buzz, her spokesperson K Himaanshu Shukla added, \"There is nothing going on between Sara and Paras. They are very good friends and that's about it. Just because they hang out together, doesn't mean they're dating. It's wrong to just link up Sara with him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15852587", "title": "AG objected to paltry rental for Karnataka Golf Golf Association", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka State Tourism Development Corporation (KSTDC) had leased the 124 acres to the Karnataka Golf Golf Association (KGA) in 1980 for 30 years and fixed Re 1 an acre as annual rental. The KGA has developed an 18-hole golf course along with a club house.After the lease ended in 2010, the government told the KGA it would have to pay an enhanced rental if it wanted to use the land for another 30 years.In 1989 and 2004, the accountant general had objected to the government's Re 1-per-acre policy. The Committee on Public Undertakings directed the government to act fast on the AG's observations.\"Following this, the KSTDC, in May 2000, demanded the KGA pay a licence fee of Rs 20,000 per acre. The KGA continued to send cheques for the lease amount at Re 1 per acre every year, but the corporation retuned them,\" sources in tourism department told TOI.In August 2011, a meeting chaired by chief secretary S V Ranganath fixed 1% of the KGA's gross income as rental. \"The land comes under special category, so 1% is fixed as lease rental,\" a committee said.One reason for the KSTDC seeking 2% as rental is the fact it has invested Rs 25 lakh and obtained a financial assistance of Rs 40 lakh from the Centre to develop the golf course.KGA president Sumit Rathor expressed happiness at the cabinet decision to extend the lease for another 30 years. \"As of now, there is only an oral communication from the department. The lease rental may be 1% or 2%. Nothing has come in writing on this front, and the KGA has not signed any document on the rental,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15860168", "title": "Cusat chair to be named after jurist", "text": "KOCHI: Chief minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate a chair for human rights in the name of jurist V R Krishna Iyer at the Cochin University of Science and Technology (Cusat) on September 8.The decision to establish the chair was taken in 2009, considering the contributions of Iyer in the field of law. However, the implementation was delayed due to delay in allocation of funds by the state government. Cusat had released one-time grant of Rs 83 lakh after continuous requests to the state government.\"Due to limited funds, it has been decided that the chair will function for three years. Only if we are able to mobilize funds after the third year, we will continue with the chair,\" said a Cusat official. The head of the chair is yet to be appointed.Research in the subject of law will be undertaken here and research students will be encouraged to look into Iyer's judgments that highlight his commitment to the cause of human rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15866849", "title": "Liquid funds are low-risk with no lock-in clause", "text": "Apurva Buildcare, a Mumbai-based company in the chemical sector that could qualify as an SME, was not aware about investment options it could avail of for its short-term cash management needs. We analyzed its cash cycle and found that it usually has three weeks before making payments. We advised the company to keep 30% of its cash in current accounts and fixed deposits linked to the current account (called sweep in/sweep out deposits in banking parlance).Another 50% of its payables were to be parked in liquid funds and the balanced 20%, which it usually used after a gap of three months, was to be parked in short-term debt funds.Apurva Buildcare's case in one those innumerable ones in India where SMEs, that play a very significant role in the country's economy, do not know the options available to them to manage their cash better. The business requirements of SMEs largely comprise payments and receivables, cash flow management and liquidity management . Maintaining a proper cash flow is important for the financial health of a company, in order to avoid foreclosures or default on obligations. As opportunity cost of keeping assets liquid is high, prudent cash management can help an SME obtain higher returns.SMEs usually keep major portion of their money in current accounts and modest amount in bank FDs. Alternatively , they can park this amount in liquid schemes (ultra-short term debt or income funds) of mutual funds. Liquid funds, by their very nature of investment, are positioned at the lowest end of the risk-return scale. They are aimed at preserving your money , providing you with liquidity and giving you superior tax efficient returns compared to current accounts and FDs. You can redeem, that is withdraw your investments, at any time without any charge. You can avail of the direct credit facility to your bank account and the withdrawn amount normally gets credited to your bank within one working day if you place the withdrawal request before 3pm.Ample liquidity, better yields and low interest rate risk make liquid schemes very popular among corporates. These schemes have investment option for overnight to ultra short-term investment horizons. Companies can invest their near-term working capital for periods as low as a week in a liquid fund.Going by Apurva Buildcare's case, a judicious mix of bank FDs and liquid funds can help SMEs earn optimal returns without compromising on liquidity and safety.The author is a certified financial planner and CEO, SMS Financial Services, Mumbai", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15863343", "title": "Two bull owners booked at Betalbatim", "text": "MARGAO: The Colva police on Monday booked a case against two bull owners for organizing a dhirio at Betalbatim on Sunday.Menino Fernandes and Grey Rodrigues were charged with relevant sections under Prevention of cruelty towards animals act.Dhirio has been banned in the state as per a Supreme Court judgement of 1998. However, despite the ban, dhirio continues to be a big draw in this part of the coastal state. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15858160", "title": "Rodents eat into infant's body at Chennai hospital", "text": "CHENNAI: Rodents bit into the face of a dead 12-day-old infant, tearing away parts of a cheek and ear, at the Kasturba Gandhi Women and Children Hospital. The body of the baby, who died on Sunday, had been placed in a corner of the intensive care unit till Monday morning, when staff discovered that rats had mauled it, doctors said.Hospital officials initially denied that the baby had been bitten by rodents. Hospital resident medical officer M Ramesh told reporters that the baby's skin had peeled off because of the blood infection septicemia. Late in the evening, health department officials said the body had indeed been bitten by a bandicoot or by rats.\"We don't know where the body was kept or why the staff decided to keep it for the night,\" said health minister V S Vijay. \"The government has ordered an inquiry. We are awaiting a postmortem report. We will suspend doctors involved if they are guilty of negligence.\"The minister refused to comment when asked why rats, cats and dogs had a free run in the wards of most government hospitals.\"We do our best. We treat so many patients every day. The animals eat waste food that people throw away,\" a senior administrator said.On August 15 Ranjith Kumar brought his wife Malar, who was seven months pregnant, to the hospital. The woman had labour pain and doctors advised her to have a caesarean section delivery the same day. The girl weighed 2.2 kg at birth but doctors said her immune system was weak. She soon developed septicemia. \"We told the family that the baby was critical. The family was briefed about the baby's condition twice each day,\" Dr Ramesh said.Ranjith signed the hospital register at 6 pm on Saturday after he was told that the baby had died. \"The body was not sent to the mortuary because it is only used to store bodies of adults. We kept it in the ICU until morning,\" the RMO said.More than fifty people gathered in front of the hospital's maternity ward in a protest at 9.30 am. The child's father, a conservancy worker, and his family said the hospital refused to give them the child's body the previous evening. \"The body appeared to be normal on Sunday evening,\" Ranjith said. \"Flesh was torn from the baby's face the next day.\"Police ordered a portmortem based on complaint from the family. \"Doctors said there were bite marks on the baby's face. Samples from the body have been sent for pathological tests to determine the cause of the wounds,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15858728", "title": "NMC engineers gave forged papers on potholes", "text": "NAGPUR: Seven engineers of NMC's Dharampeth Zone who submitted forged documents relating to potholes in city to the standing committee now face disciplinary action. Eight other engineers of Laxmi Nagar Zone also face action for submitting false information on the same issue.The standing committee had conducted inspection of roads of over 12-metre width in six of ten NMC zones. It was to verify the reports of potholes submitted by the engineers. Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari said engineers of Dharampeth Zone had actually submitted the data of potholes prepared last year. \"Just the date was changed and paper was submitted. Additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare found that potholes reported to be repaired on some roads did not even exist. It is thus forgery and criminal offence. Corporator Praful Gudadhe found potholes over three times the number reported by the engineers. Directives have been given to take action against deputy engineer SS Pille and six junior engineers,\" he said.Tiwari said that since the zones were given funds for repairing of the potholes, there is chance of financial loss being caused to NMC. In Laxmi Nagar zone, Tiwari said the engineers reported 340 potholes in the zone and all of them as repaired. \"Corporator Parinay Fuke found around 1,700 potholes. Thus the report submitted was false. Assistant commissioner Subhashchandra Jaidev has been directed to issue show cause notice to deputy engineer and seven junior engineers,\" he said.Asked about the other four zones, Tiwari said the reports from two zones including Gandhibagh and Satranjipura were satisfactory. \"Report of Hanuman Nagar Zone was not submitted due to absence of corporator Raju Lokhande,\" he said. \"The remaining four zones will be inspected on Tuesday by the members. The engineers even failed to repair potholes though enough time was given to them and they had no other work,\" said the chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15862972", "title": "Rajan murder case: Four taken into custody", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Four people accused in Pozhiyoor Rajan murder case are learned to have landed in police net on Monday. However, police are reluctant to reveal any information in this regard.Rajan (44) of Charuvila House at Pozhiyoor was found dead in a sand mining pit in Neyyar river near Pozhiyoor on Wednesday. The investigation team is on the lookout for two policemen, Jayalal and Joy, both relatives and attached to the Armed Reserve Camp, Kasaragod, in connection with the murder. According to eye-witnesses, it was the duo who kicked Rajan into the river and he drowned.Neyyatinkara deputy superintendent of police Y R Restum said that the two cops have been missing ever since the incident. The investigation team has forwarded a request to the Kasaragod AR camp authorities seeking any valuable information regarding the duo.\"They have a stained track record, both inside and outside the department. They have faced disciplinary actions for various causes in the past too. They will not be given any consideration as their actions that tampered the reputation of the department,\" said the DySP brushing aside allegations that the police deliberately delayed their arrest.As many as 20 people, including Jayalal and Joy, are accused in the murder. The names of other accused are kept secret.This is because police faced a setback when they recovered the body of one of the accused, Biju (32), on Saturday. He is suspected to have committed suicide by consuming poison after he came to know that the police was suspecting him in Rajan murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15858716", "title": "Medical council to strip foreign undergraduate docors of MD tag", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu State Medical Council has decided that it will no longer allow undergraduate degree holders from countries like Russia to affix MD (medicine) along with their names. Over the last six months, the university had received many complaints saying such degrees were misleading.Many countries award MD degrees in undergraduate medical education. The MCI has declared that these are equivalent to Indian MBBS degrees. Earlier, when these students registered with state councils for practice, they were allowed to use MD (medicine) along with the name of the country where they were awarded the degree on their display boards and on visiting cards. \"This can be misleading. In India, only post-graduate degrees are MD. So far, we mentioned their degrees were equivalent to MBBS but that was in smaller print. Academicians and doctors will figure this out, but it will be difficult for patients. They are MBBS doctors and should be called so,\" said state medical council president Dr Prakasam.On Saturday, the Tamil Nadu State Medical Council said it would register them only as MBBS doctors. \"These students should use only MBBS as their degrees. The council will ask them not to use any other degrees henceforth,\" he said. The council said fewer students from Tamil Nadu were going abroad for graduate courses in medicine. According to the Tamil Nadu State Medical Council, in the past three years there has been a 50% drop in the number of students graduating abroad and returning to the state to practice medicine or pursue postsgraduate courses.In 2009, 245 students were registered with MD (medicine). It dropped to 177 in 2010 and to 113 in 2011. Council officials said they will issue letters to old graduates asking them to use MBBS as their qualification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15861785", "title": "Corporation to set up more mini-industrial parks", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The corporation authorities have decided to set up more industrial parks to help aspiring entrepreneurs set up units.These parks will be set up with government, semi-government and private participation in the newly-merged grama panchayats of Elathur, Beypore and Cheruvannur-Nallalam and Nellikkode industrial estate.The move will accelerate the growth of the city where many developmental projects like UL cyber park, government cyber park (Thondayadu), marine park (Beypore) and knowledge park (Ramanattukkara) are coming up, the corporation feels.It will also take steps to create more such industrial estates in the land available. Plans are afoot to set up a skill development centre in the Elathur industrial estate to impart training for beneficiaries in short-term courses in stitching, embroidery and toy making.\"Setting up of mini industrial estates will enable tapping opportunities in the industrial sector,\" said mayor A K Premajam. The provision to set up industrial estates is included in the 12th five year plan and budget presented for the year 2012-2013.\"We have 29 plots in the Nellikkode industrial estate. Twenty five of them have already been auctioned and the rest will be auctioned soon,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15824251", "title": "The high commissioner of New Zealand hosted a reception in Delhi", "text": "The high commissioner of New Zealand, Jan Henderson, recently hosted a reception in the capital to welcome her country's A-league football club, Wellington Phoenix , here.The team is in the country for the North East Lajong Super Series. Baichung Bhutia , who was in the capital for the 75th Nehru Cup , was also present. His team, United Sikkim Football Club, is also a part of the tournament. The Wellington team interacted with the guests and were discussing their India travel plans. The captain, Andrew Durante , told TOI, \"The team wanted to explore Delhi too, but we couldn't step out because of the heavy rains and our practice sessions. Even between this busy schedule, I really hope to visit the Taj Mahal.\" Later, the players ditched their football for the evening and were seen enjoying a friendly game of cricket. The game ended only when the ball fell into the pool! Well, you know what they say - when in India, play the game Indians love.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15865110", "title": "Passion for speed takes MS Dhoni into world of racing superbikes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni's love for bikes is no secret. His garage boasts of a Hellcat X132 (only one in South Asia), a Kawasaki Ninja, a Yamaha 650cc, a Hero Honda CBZ Xtreme and a TVS Star City among others.The Indian skipper has now taken his passion a step further by foraying into the world of Superbike championship with his own team - MSD R-N Racing Team India.This team - the only one from India - is currently competing in the Supersport World Championship after making its debut in the Czech Republic race in Brno last month. The team was put together in a matter of weeks and is expected to take part in the full championship next year. Frenchman Florian Marino and Dan Linfoot of Great Britain are the two riders of the team.The Supersport series was introduced as a support class to the World Superbike Championship in 1990. The series is organized and supported by FGSport and sanctioned by FIM - motorbiking's international governing body.The news about Dhoni's involvement with the team was kept under wraps for weeks until it was reported on the official website of the championship. Dhoni's close friend Arun Pandey is the chairman and managing director of the team. Dhoni is mentioned as part of the management of the team which also includes Telugu film actor Nagarjuna as one of the directors of the team.\"We are definitely involved with the superbike team but I can't reveal more details at this moment,\" Pandey told TOI from Moscow, where the team competed in its third race of the season.The team has been launched to cash in on the arrival of the World Superbike Championship in India. The Buddh International Circuit is set to host the first race next year in March.\"We are looking at it from the long term perspective,\" team principal Amit Sandill said at the launch last month. \"Trying to grow the sport in Asia. The sport itself is in a pretty nascent stage in Asia so this is a first step. Trying to get to the championship and making a kind of mark in the championship and then take the sport to India and then other countries in Asia. We would also like to start a racing academy. Behind all this is the passion, which comes as a bonus.\"The team officials, however, are keen on keeping mum about Dhoni's involvement. \"We have just launched the team a couple of weeks back. We are planning a full-fledged launch soon but it depends on Dhoni's availability,\" a team official said.In the first race of the season, Marino managed a 13th place finish on his Kawasaki ZX-6 R bike after starting in the 23rd place. The Frenchman followed that up with a 19th place in Silverstone on August 5. In this weekend's race in Moscow, Marino and Linfoot came in 14 and 16.What is World Supersport Championship?Supersport series was introduced as a support class to the Superbike World Championship in 1990 as the European Championship.A Supersport Championship race takes place at every Superbike World Championship round.Each race is approximately 100 km long.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15852446", "title": "3 accused in riot case released", "text": "MUMBAI: Three of the 51 people arrested for rioting on August 11 have been released. Abbas Ujjainwala, Aslam Ahmed Shaikh and Anees Saleem Daware were booked for murder and attempt to murder. During investigation, the police did not find evidence against them. So, they filed a discharge application under section 169 of the CrPC before the Esplanade court, which passed its order on Saturday.Sources said that on August 11, Daware, a first year junior college student and a worker at a garage, had merely gone to collect his friend's motorcycle at Azad Maidan and had left before rioting began. His family produced CCTV footage showing he was present at the garage in the duration of the riot. As for Shaikh, he was home in Dadar when the riots took place. The police said more of those arrested would be released if found innocent.Meanwhile, Tardeo resident Mehtab Shaikh, who is seen rioting in a YouTube video, has been detained. The police is verifying if he was involved in the Martyr's Memorial desecration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15863005", "title": "Sitapur CJM, SP pulled up by HC for illegal detention", "text": "LUCKNOW: Hari Prasad was forced to spend extra months in jail without any fault of his. He served out the awarded sentence of 10 years, but remained in jail for two years further, as he was too poor to pay Rs 4,000 fine. He was entitled for freedom on April 1, 2012, but eventually got it on August 4, 2012. And that too, only after interference by the high court.Expressing deep shock over the state of affair, the Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court has issued show-cause notice to the district jail superintendent and chief judicial magistrate of Sitapur as to why damages and compensation be not paid to the victim of illegal detention from their salaries. The court granted them three-week time to furnish reply.The HC said, \"It seems that the state has least respect for personal liberty of a citizen, though it is the most important of all the fundamental rights.\" It also took the state lawyer to task for his casual approach in the matter. The court further pulled up CJM Kalpana and superintendent of police Pramod Kumar Shukla for illegally keeping Hari Prasad in jail. A Sitapur court had convicted Hari for an offence of kidnapping on January 29,1990 and awarded him 10 years rigorous imprisonment and Rs 4,000 fine. It added if Hari does not pay fine, he will serve two years more.The total sentence period ended on April 1, 2012, but the jail authorities did not set him free.Hari moved a habeas corpus petition in the high court on June 6, 2012. The high court directed state government to file counter affidavit within three weeks. The matter came up before it on July 10, but the state government did not file the affidavit on that day and sought 10 days more, which was granted by the bench. The case then came up on July 30. This time, the high court turned strict and directed the CJM and the superintendent to release Hari forthwith in the case and also to show-cause in person as to why Hari be not paid heavy compensation for his illegal detention period.It was only after direction by the high court that Hari was set free on August 4.On the directions of the court, both the officials appeared before it, but with lame excuse that Hari has now been released and thus the petition is rendered infructuous. The bench of Justice Abdul Mateen and Justice Devendra Kumar Upadhyay was irked on this argument of the state lawyer and pulled him for showing disrespect for personal liberty of a person. \"It is all right that Hari is released, but what about the time which he had to spend in jail due to apathy of the officials,\" asked the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15854060", "title": "Only 9 sq ft open space for each Mumbaikar: Report", "text": "MUMBAI: It's official\u2014the city has 30 sq km of open spaces, of which only 10.5 sq km are freely accessible to the public. The actual open space in use works out to 0.88 sq m, or a little over 9 sq ft, per person.The facts appear in a report of a Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA)-funded project that found that one-third of the city's area comprises open spaces and water bodies. Overall, 145 sq km of Mumbai's total area of 437 sq km contain environmental features.These features include water courses (rivers and natural drains), green belts such as the national park, coastline features, playgrounds, gardens reserved under the 1991 development plan, lakes and tanks. The project team, which visited over 3,400 sites, found Mulund (ward T) has the maximum open space (up to 20.6 lakh sq m) while Mohammed Ali Road/Dongri (ward B)\u2014a much smaller ward\u2014has 35,300 sq m and Kurla (ward L) 7.3 lakh sq m with both having encroachments in over 50% of recreational spaces.Interestingly, the report submitted by the MMR's environment improvement society claims that most Mumbaikars have access to open areas within 250 metres or five-minutes walking distance.\"Although the area of open space is inadequate, most citizens can find one within quarter of a kilometre,\" said Prasad Shetty, secretary of the society. The report will be released at a seminar in the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya on Tuesday.The three-year study concluded that of the total 30 sq km (3,000 hectares) of open spaces in the city, 6.84 sq km (684 hectares) are occupied, another 9.31 sq km (931 hectares) are lying vacant but not in use and 3 sq km (300 hectares) have restricted entry. Mangrove mapping was excluded because the state government has done it in the past.The environment improvement society appointed two consultants for the project\u2014city-based Adarkar Associates and HCP-Design Project Management, Ahmedabad.\"This is the first such official study, although many NGOs have done it in the past. Our research is one of its kind in the country, where about 3,400 sites were physically visited, identified and documented,\" said Uma Adusumilli, chief of MMRDA's planning division. The report will be put up online, she added.Officials said the survey will help the BMC prepare its new development plan (2014-2034). The data base can aid future planning, environment improvement and can help formulate a strategy to conserve existing environmental features and plan new ones, the report said.The team visited over 3,400 reserved sites and prepared a ward-wise inventory of all open spaces in Greater Mumbai and gave a unique identification number to each.It found that in five city wards, more than 90% of the reserved open spaces is currently available (the land is not encroached on even if the BMC is still to acquire some of it from private parties). T ward (Mulund), for instance, has the maximum open space reservation of 20.6 lakh sq km in the city.On the other hand, more than 50% of the reserved grounds have been encroached upon in ward B\u2014Mohammad Ali Road/Dongri\u2014and ward L\u2014Kurla, leaving them with 35,300 sq m and 7.3 lakh sq m recreational areas, respectively. In ward B, 20 of the 31 reserved open spaces are occupied by buildings.In Kurla, 19.5% of its total area was reserved for open spaces in the 1991 plan. \"This is the highest for any ward in Greater Mumbai. But more than 25% of all slum-occupied open space in the city are in this ward,\" said the report.Many plots reserved as open spaces are occupied by informal settlements at present. \"These might have been encroached upon during the last two decades or the settlements might have already existed before the land was reserved,\" it said. While most of the structures existing then have not been demolished, some of them, especially in prime areas, have been renovated into rented commercial outlets. Jyoti Studio in Nana Chowk and Shapoorji Pallonji Centre on the Colaba sea front are two such examples.The survey also identified 143 water bodies of which only 107 exist in reality. The remaining 36 are occupied by chawls, slums, buildings or are open grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15851359", "title": "Coalgate: PM Manmohan Singh disputes CAG findings, takes full responsibility for allocations", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday took full responsibility for the controversial allocations of coal mines and took on the CAG, disputing the auditor's estimate of undue gains to private players from Coalgate and saying its criticism of the government for not speedily switching to auctions for allocation of mines failed to account for a federal polity like India.\"I take full responsibility for the decisions of the ministry. I wish to say that any allegations of impropriety are without any basis and unsupported by the facts,\" Singh said, braving BJP members' full-throated demand for his resignation in both Houses of Parliament in what marked a clear rejection of the opposition's demand for his resignation.The BJP instantly rejected the defence, ruling out the possibility of a resolution of the logjam and raising the likelihood of the session being adjourned sine die before September 7 when it is scheduled to be over.Rebutting the CAG's censure for delaying auctions, the PM said, \"...I would readily agree that in a world where things can be done by fiat, we could have done it faster. But given the complexities of the process of consensus building in our parliamentary system, this is easier said than done.\"With the unusually forthright remark sounding like an attack on the auditor, sources pointed out that this was not his intention. Sources said the PM had pointed to overzealous criticism of government decision-making in the past as well and he was only responding to the CAG report's conclusions and assumptions.The auditor has said that although UPA government had in 2006 drafted a legislation stipulating that allocation of coal deposits be done through auctions, it went on allotting mines - altogether 56 between 2005 and 2009 -- without inviting bids.The CAG also noted that the department of legal affairs held in 2006 that the government could have switched to the auction route by an administrative measure. Singh dismissed the argument. \"In a democracy, it is difficult to accept the notion that a decision to seek legislative amendment to implement a change in policy should come for adverse audit scrutiny,\" he said.\"The issue was contentious and the proposed change to competitive bidding required consensus building among various stakeholders with divergent views, which is inherent in the legislative process,\" he further said.For most part, the PM treaded the ground his colleagues have covered since the CAG report came out on August 17. He stressed that it was the UPA government \"which conceived the idea of making allocations through the competitive bidding route in June 2004\", arguing that the change could not be effected because of resistance from opposition-ruled states, ministry of power and the note of caution struck by Parliament's standing committee.Singh further contended that the process of allocation was not as arbitrary as has been made out as applications were assessed on parameters ranging from techno-economic feasibility to preparedness to set up end-use project, recommendations of state governments etc.He critiqued the CAG for using the valuation of mines with Coal India Limited as the basis for assessing gains to the allottees. Although he said that CBI was probing the matter and action had been initiated against allottees who had not started production even years after they were allotted mines, he also factored in \"cumbersome processes\" while touching upon the criticism that the delay in production contradicts government's defence that holding competitive bidding would have delayed supply of coal to power sectors and other users.Speaking to media after his statement, Singh said BJP was bent on jamming Parliament. He recited a couplet to suggest his reticence was saving many their blushes - perhaps a hint that opposition-ruled states had opposed auctions in the past. \"Hazaron jawabo se achchi hai khamoshi meri, Na jaane kitne sawalo ki aabru rakhe (my silence is better than a thousand answers, it protects the honour of innumerable questions),\" Singh said.The developments of the day looked set to make the face-off in Parliament more intense and less resolvable as senior ministers like P Chidambaram, Kapil Sibal and Ambika Soni rejected the BJP's demands as unreasonable. Although BJP is bound to stall work, proposals for a debate on Coalgate by SP, BSP and RJD members could be listed on Tuesday.Taking exception to leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj's remarks that Congress got big bucks in return for allocations of mines, finance minister P Chidambaram said it was \"most unfortunate and unbecoming of the leader of opposition to make sweeping allegations\". \"What about allocations during the NDA era,\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15870291", "title": "Masters Championship: Sizzling Mampi, Rahi bag gold", "text": "PUNE: Kolkata girl Mampi Das lived up to the expectations by winning the air rifle women's gold but her scintillating performance was overshadowed by a controversy surrounding Madhya Pradesh's Utkarsha Sharotiya in the Masters shooting championship in Balewadi on Monday.Mampi shot a near perfect score of 398 in the qualifying and followed it up with an impressive 104.8 in the final to clinch the gold. Kiranjit Kaur (397+103.2) bagged the silver ahead of Shriyanka Sadangi (396+103.8).The final was stopped after the first shots were fired after Utkarsha protested her omission. The Madhya Pradeshi girl shot 394, one better than Anjali, in the qualifying.The confusion stemmed from a combination of wrong entry of data and misinterpretation of the rules. The jury had considered Utkarsha, 19, as a junior player, whereas under the NRAI rules, she is eligible to compete in the senior division as she turns 20 later this year.The Masters is an invitational event which features the top 15 from the Nationals held the previous year.Eventually, the final was re-started with Utkarsha in the field but on a sour note as Avneet, who had tied for the eighth place with a score of 391, declined to play the shootoff and conceded her place to Shruti Bhattepatil. In the 25 metre range, Rahi Sarnobat shrugged off a below par performance in the Olympics to win the sports pistol gold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "15862869", "title": "Four e-toilets opened in Kollam", "text": "KOLLAM: As an Onam gift to the city dwellers, the Kollam corporation has launched four e-toilets in various locations in the town. While two e-toilets are at Chinnakada bus bay premises, one is at collecotrate premises and the other at Neendakara.MLA P K Gurudasan inaugurated the e-toilets installed at Chinnakada on Monday.Delight e-toilet, an unmanned electronic public toilet unit developed by Eram Scientific Solutions (P) Ltd, is intended to improve the sanitation facilities in the urban centers of the country.It is one of the most user friendly systems and public can avail it without any discomfort.As soon as the coin is dropped in a slot, the doors will slide open and the user can avail the service.In case any one forgets to flush the toilet after use, an automatic system is placed for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15881081", "title": "A R Rahman\u2019s timely exception for YRF", "text": "Known to pay attention to every minute detail, timely delivery isn't quite what the A R Rahman is associated with. For instance, there were reports the music CDs of Delhi 6 were made available only a week after announcement of the film's music launch date, reason being Rahman was still busy giving final touches to his compositions.However, when it comes to Yash Chopra's yetuntitled directorial comeback starring Shah Rukh Khan, Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma , we hear Rahman is ready with the score even as crucial scenes from the film are still being shot in Ladakh.A source close to Rahman told us, \"He stayed back in Mumbai and recorded at YRF studios. The first song was recorded in December last year. By March, three songs had been completed. Also, 50 per cent of the background music had been composed. Yash and Aditya Chopra sat through the music sessions and loved the final product.\"However, to reports that YRF is planning to launch the music tentatively on September 27 when Yash Chopra celebrates his 80th birthday, a YRF spokesperson said, \"While we are hoping to be able to start the film's promotions by end September, the music release will not be at that time. Details of the music launch will be given out at an appropriate time.\"Rahman remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15852914", "title": "CAs for 1% VAT as sales taxmen, developers spar", "text": "MUMBAI: With the sales tax department and developers continuing to spar over the quantum of Value-Added Tax (VAT) leviable, the Bombay Chartered Accountants Society (BCAS) has urged the state government to levy a uniform 1% tax on buyers who purchased flats between 2006 and 2010, and those after 2010.The reason: It is almost impossible to calculate VAT accurately for under-construction properties as there is no single way to calculate the liability.According to rules in Maharashtra, tax is payable by a dealer on the sale price of goods, at such a rate of tax. And the dealer is entitled to claim input tax credit or setoff of taxes paid on his purchases. The liability to pay tax arises on a periodic basis, that is monthly, quarterly or six monthly.\"The difficulty arises as building construction does not complete for years. Developers usually then collect the sale price in instalments. From this sale price collected, deductions have to be done to arrive at the taxable sale value of goods involved in the execution of the 'works contract'. Considering the liability arises periodically, it is impossible to calculate VAT for each and every agreement for a monthly, quarterly or six-month period,'' said Deepak Shah, president, BCAS.A developer pointed out that his office has been thrown into administrative chaos because of the rule. \"I have a customer base of over 12,000. Can you imagine the thousands of agreements I will have to draw up every quarter or six months to satisfy the tax authorities?'' he said.Developers pointed out that although it is possible to work out the amount of tax payable on the entire project, which may spread over two to five years, the sales tax department will ask for payment of tax as per the periodicity commencing from the date of the beginning of the project.According to BCAS, a question of dispute between the sales tax department and builder is whether the value of undivided share in land is to be reduced from the first few installments (and other reductions in subsequent installments), thus there will be no tax payable on the first few installments covering the value of land.\"In case of normal construction contracts (not involving transfer of undivided share in land), it is possible to work out the tax liability on the basis of a certificate provided by a competent person; but, in case of sale of under-construction flats (where value of land forms part of the total sale price), it may not be possible,'' said Shah.\"As far as reduction on account of the amount paid to the sub-contractor is concerned, it may be permitted on the basis of certification, but, if entire amount is received before construction is completed, a dispute will arise regarding reduction for amount payable to the sub-contractor after work is completed,'' said Shah.Builders and developers said they would pass on the liability of paying the tax to buyers, news agencies reported. \"VAT will have to be borne by customers... along with expenses of registration and stamp duty,\" CREDAI secretary Kishor Pate said.'Don't pay value-added tax'A newly-formed consumer group, which has the support of the Council for Fair Business Practices (CFBP), a body headed by industrialist Rahul Bajaj, has appealed to buyers not to pay the Value-Added Tax (VAT), being demanded by developers for fl ats purchased between 2006 and 2010. Over 10 lakh properties are said to have been registered across Maharashtra during this period. Foram (Flat Owners Rights Protection Action Committee in Maharashtra) has been set up to mobilize public opinion against the government's decision on VAT. Atul Puranik, a graphic artist associated with CFBP, and Chandrashekhar Soman, a senior member of the Shiv Sena's consumer protection forum, are its only members. \"We have talking to social and consumer groups and are appealing to affected flat buyers to come under our banner so pressure can be exerted on the government against levying the additional burden on us.Many buyers have been caught unawares,'' said Puranik. Depending on support from affected buyers, the group may seek legal recourse. The group however, has yet to study how VAT is computed. They were unclear as to whether the levy actually works out to 0.5-3 %, as clarifi ed by the government, or over 5%, as demanded by developers.Times ViewVAT rules should have been simpleThe apprehensions, of buyers being taken for a ride, are not unjustified . The government should have kept a uniform value-added tax instead of breaking it up into different categories. This may leave room for manipulation by both property sellers and government officials. The opacity has already caused a lot of confusion and things can get only worse when people start getting the bills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15864607", "title": "Indore rainfall still less than average", "text": "INDORE: After a brief lull, Indore received light 30.4mm of rainfall on Monday morning.According to the Met department the city has received 595.3 mm rainfall till date against the expected average rain of 647.4mm.The Met department official said, \"There is a shift in low pressure that is causing rains. It started with Chattisgarh then shifted to north region and now the cyclonic pressure is over Jaipur. Indore is likely to receive light rains in next 24 hours.\"Indore has a rain deficit of 52.1mm by date, but according to Met department, the rains may last till mid- September and the deficit may be covered. According to Met officials, average rains for the season is around 850mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15864426", "title": "'Reserve 50% for women in law'", "text": "NASHIK: The participants of the two-day conference of Maharashtra Federation of Women Lawyers that concluded on Sunday have demanded, among other things, a common civil code and 50% quota in all bar councils.Speaking on gender justice, Justice Roshan Dalvi said that there was a different yardstick for women in various laws and this called for separate provisions for their security and basic rights.Asmita Vaidya said, \"Women have incomparable capacity to work and due to their determination and hard work, they hold many important positions. Despite this, they are meted out secondary status in public facilities, corporate offices and also in agriculture work.\"Another speaker, Ami Yagnik, while speaking on 'News laws - A ray of hope', said that with changing times, laws should also change. \"The law also has provisions for women. Unfortunately, these provisions never reach women. Unless the literacy rate and awareness among women increaseand are not aware of the laws, they will not get the confidence to fight for their rights.\"Meanwhile, Dr Jaya Sagade also shed light on viewpoints for women in various laws. Meanwhile, prizes were distributed to the winners of various competitions held on the backdrop of the state conference.Among other resolutions passed were were to demand 50% reservation for women on all bar councils and bar associations in the state, appointing women office bearers to the National Federation of Women Lawyers, rest room facilities at the tehsil level and district level courts and a uniform civil code in individual laws.The conference had been inaugurated by retired Supreme court justice Sujata Manohar on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15865935", "title": "BHU students to revive Bhitti chitrakala", "text": "VARANASI: Bhitti chitrakala, a form of mural painting of Varanasi which has attracted art lovers, painters and historians from across the world, is fading and struggling to breathe from the walls, outer walls, doorways of temples, homes, mutts and havelis of the city.Amid cheap graffiti of advertisements by hotels, lounges, restaurants, the mural paintings, depicting mythological stories, colonial, Rajasthani and Mughal art are vanishing from the serpentine lanes of the city. Such paintings could be seen on the inside walls of some restaurants and motels. The full-time artists associated with this art are now switching to other occupations.\"We whitewash and paint houses, some of us are also engaged in painting advertisements on walls, banners and posters,\" said Munnu, a Bhitti painter, who lives at Ramghat area. There are only three to four artists, who are exclusively engaged in the art. The rest are either working temporarily when called as the trend is vanishing. There are only around 100 artists left in the city who know the art. The next generation of most of these artists is bound to take up other professions for they see no profit in the business anymore.Gopinath, another artist, said that colours like geru, jahri black, safed and neel are used to prepare the paintings. These colours are cooked with 'tisi oil' to get permanent water proof colours. Now, costly plastic colours are available and the present day art is also different from the old form, which is why many artists avoid the work.Suresh K Nair of the department of painting, faculty of visual arts, Banaras Hindu University, said that mural and relief paintings are the two prominent wall art works of the city. \"Mural paintings were painted during special occasions and relief paintings are permanent and carved and painted to decorate the door and outer walls of the houses. These are often called 'public art' because even those with no access to art galleries could get a glimpse of it,\" he informed.Former faculty member of the department of history of arts, BHU, Kamal Giri said there were three categories of mural paintings in Varanasi.The mythological paintings depicting stories from Durga Shaptshati, Ramayan, Samudramanthan and Dashavtar were painted on the walls of ashrams and temples. The elite class painted their bungalows and havelis with designs inspiring nature. The third category falls under ceremonial occasions like festivals, marriages, and happier occasions, when people painted the walls with traditional pictures of Lord Ganesha, gwalin, elephant, horses, parrot and peacock. Hundreds of temples in Varanasi had mural paintings which date back to 16th century. Due to negligence and lack of awareness, most of these pieces of art have disappeared.Students of BHU are coming forward to save the art. \"The students, under the guidance of teachers, will paint the walls of anyone's home who is interested in these paintings. The approach will be totally non-profit. The colours and other material required for the painting will be borne by people,\" a student said. Students and teachers would also visit temples and lanes to study the art and prepare accordingly. Help will also be taken from old persons engaged in the art.Jnana Pravaha, a non-profit organization, is coming up with a Kashi Gallery in which details of different art forms of the city, including wall paintings, will be presented to scholars and art lovers. The organization has also prepared a micro-film of all the mural paintings which are fading and decaying in the old temples and mutts of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15863169", "title": "Take panchayats view before finalizing RP 2021: VGG", "text": "MARGAO: Village groups of Goa (VGG) has demanded that panchayats be taken into confidence during the process of finalization of the Regional Plan 2021 to protect it from people with vested interests including politicians.VGG has demanded that RP2021 should be referred to the respective village panchayats for their comments before finalization of RP2021.\"We are justified in making this demand as it is the villagers who are in a better position to correct the deliberately marked 'settlement zone', even though such lands are tenanted lands, paddy fields and more so, the TCP committee has not received any data from the department of agriculture as mentioned in their report on the regional plan,\" VGG president John Phillip Pereira told TOI.Pereira alleged that many builders and politicians in connivance with the TCP board members were taking advantage of this and have succeeded in earmarking these tenanted lands and paddy fields as settlement zones, thus causing irreversible environmental damage due to a series of mega projects in Goa's green villages.\"There may be several politicians and their agents involved in such type of illegalities and hence the village panchayats would be in a better position to identify such lands in the interest of Goa and its future generations, said Pereira, while adding that he had in his possession, official documents under the Right to Information Act (RTI) to back his claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15857470", "title": "Tyre checking, food joints start on Yamuna Expressway", "text": "NOIDA: The Yamuna Expressway operator has decided to make the ride to Agra safer. After the recent incident of a group pelting stones at motorists near Agra, patrol vehicles have been increased not only to keep a tab on notorious people but also errant drivers. Moreover, a tyre checking drive will be launched so that commuters do not suffer if their tyres burst or get punctured.Also, temporary food joints have been started at a couple of toll plazas on the e-way.Speaking to TOI, director and CFO in Jaypee group, Sachin Gaur, said, \"We have noticed that tyres burst or get punctured if they are old or due to overspeeding. A camp will be organized at zero point, where not only vehicles tyres will be checked but drivers will also be educated about what safety measures should be taken on the expressway.\"\"While we are talking with tyre company professionals, roadside repair assistance will be provided by 'service on wheels' that we will introduce soon,\" Gaur added.While opening of food plazas along the expressway is going to take at least one more month, temporary eating joints have started at Jewar and Mathura toll plazas. Apart from snacks, mineral water, cold drink and juices will also be available at the food joints.Recently, a major mishap was averted after a notorious group pelted stones on commuters on the expressway near Agra. \"The 165km-long expressway falls under the jurisdiction of 15 police stations in five districts of Uttar Pradesh. We have increased the security and asked the police to increase patrolling and visibility on the expressway to avert such incidents,\" Gaur added.The expressway operator feels that experience and suggestions of commuters will help them a lot for planning safety and security of the road users. \"Suggestion from the public are very important to us. Hence, we are going to launch a section on the Yamuna Expressway's official website where we will invite the public to give their views on how to make the expressway safe and secure,\" Gaur said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15857173", "title": "CBI preliminary probe shows bigger conspiracy behind Assam violence", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI's preliminary investigation into the lower Assam violence has pointed to a bigger conspiracy behind the ethnic clashes. More arrests are expected soon as the agency is learnt to have zeroed in on certain people who might have been involved in the July 20 incident that sparked off the communal conflagration.The agency, probing seven of the total 1,442 cases registered, has found enough evidence which shows that the first incident \u2014 that occurred on July 6 when the Kamtapuri Liberation Organization (KLO) militants killed two Muslims \u2014 had nothing to do with what happened later on July 19 onwards.Two persons \u2014 Mahibul Haque Ratul and Mohammed Abu Siddique \u2014 were injured in an incident of indiscriminate firing by motorcycle-borne attackers in the same area in Kokrajhar on July 19. Both the incidents were more due to personal animosity and were unconnected. Details of both these incidents and statement of one arrested KLO militant were shared with local Muslim residents.Still, four Bodo youth were attacked and killed at Jaipur under Kokrajhar Police Station by some unidentified Muslims with sharp weapons on July 20. That incident acted as a trigger that turned out to be a full-fledged communal violence, killing 88 people over the next one month.Sources in the investigating agency said that the interrogation of all those arrested in connection with subsequent incidents showed that the killing of four Bodo youth on July 20 was a planned act. The CBI has some corroborative evidence.\"Despite being shared details of previous incidents, a group within the minority community simply chose to ignore the policeadministration version. They planned to retaliate amid opposition from other Muslims from the area,\" said an official.All these matters and progress of probe came up for review during a meeting, chaired by Union home secretary R K Singh, here on Monday. Assam police chief J N Chaudhary shared details of cases registered in the state. Chaudhary told Singh that total 170 people have been arrested in connection with the communal violence.\"Since conspiracy angle is being probed, more cases - including ones relating to the arrested Assam MLA Pradeep Brahma \u2014 will be handed over to the CBI soon,\" said an official, adding the state government would conduct a judicial inquiry into the incident.Brahma, MLA of the Bodoland Peoples Front (BPF), which is an ally of the ruling Congress in Assam, has been named in seven cases. The BPF is the ruling party in Bodoland Territorial Autonomous District (BTAD).Home ministry officials also reviewed the ongoing relief measures in the meeting. Assam government conveyed to the ministry that the number of relief camps has gone down from 340 to 218 and the number of people in relief camps has also reduced from over 5 lakh to 2.3 lakh as on Monday.Later, some BTAD members met Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde. It was the first meeting of people from that area with the minister since Brahma's arrest. Shinde is learnt to have told them to cooperate in restoring normalcy in the area. It was also decided to set up a coordination committee comprising members from all communities to improve relations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15860472", "title": "Food safety act has few takers among industry", "text": "KOCHI: The food business operators in the state, which mainly include hotels and restaurants, continue to be at loggerheads with the food safety authorities.This despite the fact that Food Safety and Standards Authority of India under the ministry of health and family welfare recently decided to extend the deadline to renew their licences under the Food Safety and Standards Act (FSSA) 2006 to January 2013.The earlier set deadline was August 5. But most of the food business operators in state did not renew their licences or take steps to improve hygiene in their outlets under the norms of the act.The Kerala Vyapari Vyavasayi Ekopana Samithi has already demanded a cut in the licence fee and a reduction in the fine amount that is likely to be imposed on offences booked under the act. They had also issued a circular to all its members asking them not to renew their licences.Under the act, fine up to Rs 10 lakh can be imposed even for small violations. The act stipulates that food business operators with an annual turnover up to Rs 12 lakh should pay a registration fee of Rs 100. Those with a turnover of over Rs 12 lakh have to remit a fee of Rs 5,000.Meanwhile, an official of the food safety commissionerate in the state capital, said they will continue with the raids in hotels and restaurants and issue notices to voilators even though the deadline to get new licence has been extended.Earlier the authorities had raided various hotels and restaurants across the state and issued notices to 696 of them to improve hygiene. They also asked 73 food outlets to close down.With hotels protesting against raids, the authorities had also issued a 30-point guideline in the last week of July to ensure hygiene in hotels.However, Jose Mohan, general secretary of the Kerala Hotels and Restaurants Association, maintained that most association members have renewed their licences. But he did not mince any words against the food safety officials. \"The food safety commissioner does not have any authority to issue guidelines. We are planning to stage a protest in front of the secretariat on September 4 as the government has not called us for talks till now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15857779", "title": "Never said 'zero loss' in coal block allocations: Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: On a day when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said in Parliament that CAG's calculation of losses in coal block allocations was totally unfounded, finance minister P Chidambaram issued a statement clarifying that he had never said there was \"zero loss\" in the allocations.\"None of us used the phrase 'zero loss'. Nevertheless, a section of the press has incorrectly reported that government claimed that there was 'zero loss' in the allocation of coal blocks,\" he said.He was referring to the media briefing jointly addressed by him, law minister Salman Khurshid and coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal on Friday.Chidambaram said he was issuing the statement to set the record straight. He said he had merely responded to a reporter's query on \"zero loss\" by saying, \"You are putting words in my mouth. I said question of loss or gain arises only in respect of coal actually mined from any of the 57 blocks. If the coal is not being mined, there is no question of a gain or a loss. That is what I said. So please quote me accurately.\"He added, \"In fact, what I said was, if coal is not mined, if coal remains buried in mother earth, where is the loss. The loss can arise only if one tonne of coal is taken out of mother earth, and sold at some unacceptable price or value.\"After Chidambaram's comments on Friday, the opposition had accused him of misrepresenting facts. BJP leader Arun Jaitley had said, \"If someone takes out money from Chidambaram's bank account, puts it in one's own account but doesn't encash it, will he (Chidambaram) assume he has not suffered a loss?\"The BJP leader further said, \"Once the coal blocks are allotted to private parties, the right to mine lies with them and not the government. Even without actual mining, the government has lost control over these mines.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15869605", "title": "2 Maoists arrested in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Police arrested Shyamlal Yadav alias Dhananjayji, a sub-zonal commander of the CPI (Maoists), and one of his aides, identified as Prem Sahu, late on Sunday. Dhananjayji carried a reward of Rs 3 lakh on his head. The police said that during interrogations, Dhananjayji made important revelations about the Maoist network and their modus operandi. Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh said the disclosures will help police to catch other guerrillas.Dhananjayji, accused of killing several policemen, local leaders and civilians, was wanted by Ranchi, Chatra and Latehar police in over 20 cases. He has been known to lead gangs of Maoists to attack police stations and loot arms. Sources said that Dhananjayji was building a house at Simliya locality in Ratu and was in Ranchi to monitor the work when a special team, led by the SSP, nabbed them.A 7.65 bore country-made pistol, a country-made sixer, several bullets and three mobile phones were recovered from his possession. The guerrilla, sub-zonal commander of Latehar and Panki, used to collect levy in McCluskieganj, Piparwar, Khalari and Balumath areas.Prem Sahu son of Shivan Sahu was an aide of Dhananjayji and also hailed from the Balumath locality in Lathehar district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15871129", "title": "Karnataka Golf Association may have to shell out Rs 1.13 cr rental", "text": "BANGALORE: From a token Re 1 per acre, the Karnataka Golf Association (KGA) might have to pay a rental of Rs 1.13 crore if the tourism department has its way.The KGA has been asked to cough up 2% of its total yearly revenue for using the tourism department's 124-acre plot for sporting purposes. The state cabinet had recently empowered the tourism department to fix either 1% or 2% of the KGA's yearly revenue as rental.The department opted for 2% and asked the KGA to pay rental for the lease period 1999-2010 .Documents available with The Times of India show the KGA's gross receipts in the period were over Rs 56.88 crore. This means it might have to cough up Rs 1.13 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15853486", "title": "Cops who \u2018pushed\u2019 cancer patient off train suspended on Patil\u2019s order", "text": "MUMBAI: The four railway policemen, accused of pushing a man off a running local, were suspended on Monday, following orders from home minister R R Patil. A departmental inquiry has also been initiated against them. It's a double-whammy for 30-year-old victim Habibullah Khan (40) who has lost his right leg in the alleged crime as he is already battling oral cancer.In his FIR, Khan said that cops from the railway crime branch had summoned him to Guru Tegh Bahadur (GTB) Nagar station on August 18. A day earlier, these cops had allegedly extorted Rs 10,000 from him. On August 18, they demanded another Rs 2 lakh. When he wasn't able to pay up, the cops took him aboard a harbour local and allegedly pushed him off near Tilak Nagar. On August 25, Khan regained consciousness and identified the four, leading to their arrest.At Sion Hospital, Khan's face contorted with pain as he said that the cops had pushed him off the train. His wife Noorie said that footing the medical expenses was going to be tough. \"I don't have a job, being a school dropout, and have five kids to look after. We will have to approach a moneylender for a loan and will end up paying a high interest rate.\" The GRP has posted a plainclothed cop at the hospital for Khan's protection. \"My neighbours ask me why am I messing with policemen who are much more powerful than us. But I refuse to give up my fight for justice. The four cops probably thought he was dead when they saw him lying on the tracks and never expected him to survive.\"The four accused\u2014R R Jedhe (30), V P Thakur (35), S S Patil (42) and S M Manganor (33)\u2014were produced before a railway court on Monday. They have been remanded in police custody till August 31. The accused said in their statements that they weren't present in the local at all and aren't involved in the case. \"We will be checking the cellphone locations of the accused for August 18 and also hunt for eyewitnesses,'' a top official said. Incidentally, the four accused have won rewards in the past for investigative work.Police investigations have revealed that Khan, too, has a past crime record with nearly a dozen cases against him. He was externed by the Antop Hill police station where he also once figured on the 'most wanted criminals' list. He has been booked for assault, theft and gambling. In 1995, the Kurla GRP had booked him in two cases of theft. Noorie, who has been married to Khan for 17 years, says he never told her anything about any criminal cases against him.Investigators are also probing whether the accused had threatened to book Khan in connection with the August 11 riot at Azad Maidan, if he failed to pay them.\"My husband had gone to see a cancer doctor on August 11 as his facial pain had increased tremendously,\" Noorie said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15858456", "title": "No coal block allocated during my tenure: Jaiswal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal on Monday said no new coal block was given away during his tenure and only allotment letters stuck over the poll code were issued for mines that were decided by the screening committee before he took charge.\"Though the mines were decided earlier, the coal ministry had sought the Election Commission's opinion on issuing the allotment letters since the 2009 general polls had been announced. The Commission asked the ministry to wait till the polls were over. The process of issuing the pending letters started only after the Commission gave the go-ahead after the polls,\" Jaiswal told ToI.\"I took over on May 29, 2009. But pending allotment letters have been issued on May 27, May 28... These are all signed by deputy secretaries... it is a process,\" jaiswal said.Reacting to BJP lawmaker Hansraj Ahir's allegation that he sanctioned mines SKS Ispat and Power, C G Sponge Manufacturers Consortium Coalfield and API Ispat and Powertech, Jaiswal said: \"How many blocks have been allotted by the UPA regime? You (ToI) have yourselves said 155 blocks by citing the CAG's report. Has the list grown? Have the numbers become 156 or 157 or 158?\"\"I have said time and again that except the coal block allocations made in UPA-I, no allocations have been made. If any MP is making any such statement, then that MP is misleading the nation,\" Jaiswal said.\"Only two coal blocks were there, whose names have been mentioned. They were already approved (in UPA-I), but allocation letter was not issued because general elections were declared. Those allocation letters got issued when UPA-II came to the power,\" he said.\"Forget 35 blocks, not even 0.35 coal blocks were allocated in UPA-II. You can come to our office and find it out, there is no basis (of the allegations),\" he said.Ahir has reportedly alleged that Jaiswal sanctioned the allocations to three private firms in late last year without following the auction route despite the fact that rules for auctioning had come into effect in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15868300", "title": "Kids better at managing anger", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When it comes to managing anger, schoolchildren, say principals and psychologists are smarter and tactful. Infuriating them or provoking them to trigger anger would only result in a tidy reply from them.A 10-year-old boy from a leading convent school when asked what he does when someone really irritates him, replied, \"I do not get affected. If someone is a fool, I won't become a fool too. But I make sure, I complain to school coordinator if it goes beyond control.\"Systems put in place at school and their equation with parents has much to do with how schoolchildren cope with anger. Children also narrate how they either avoid the situation or complain to the teacher concerned to deal with difficult situations. \"I do not retaliate when someone makes me angry. I just try to deal with the situation. If it does beyond my control, I give such a reply that the person does not irritate me further,\" said Gaurav, a Class IV student.\"There has to be a proper mechanism through which students can address their grievances to the right person in school. We have started this system, where we have drawn a flow chart in the school diary, telling students whom to go to if they have any problem. This pacifies their anger and they rely on wisdom of elders to solve their problem,\" said Kavita Das, principal of St John's High School.\"Anger among schoolchildren has to be handled in a very delicate manner. If they feel that they are not being heard properly, they may retort to a different kind of behaviour,\" said Marvin West, principal of St Xavier's School.Experts also added how children vent out their feelings and emotions by sharing and talking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15859002", "title": "MP A H Vishwanath opposes razing of heritage buildings", "text": "MYSORE: MP A H Vishwanath on Monday said that he is against the demolition of Lansdowne building. He felt the building, which has heritage value, should be protected using modern technology.Addressing mediapersons here on Monday, the MP said: \"Nowadays, there are techniques to save old buildings. MCC and the district administration should utilize related expertise to protect heritage buildings.\"Criticizing MCC for allegedly not utilizing the funds under JnNURM which got lapsed recently, Vishwanath said the civic body had scope to utilize the funds under JnNURM. \"But it never made any attempt on that,\" he added.\"JnNURM was sanctioned to Mysore because of its heritage tag. But the administration miserably failed to get maximum funds under the scheme,\" he said, and advised MCC and the district administration not even to think of demolishing the landmarks.Suspecting the machinations of landsharks behind the demolition proposal by MCC or any agency, the MP said Congress will protest if the authorities went ahead with the demolition. \"When 200-year-old Wellington Lodge in Mysore and the high court building in Bangalore have survived, why not Lansdowne building?\" he asked. Claiming that the proposal to renovate all market places in the city was made when he was the district minister, Vishwanath said the successive governments did not implement the same. \"MCC must prepare an action plan on the renovation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "15870949", "title": "Three booked for raping a minor girl", "text": "BATHINDA: Police on Monday booked three persons for abduction and gang-rape of a minor girl. One of the accused, Gora Singh, 29, is a resident of Blahad Mehma village in Bathinda district, and was earlier arrested in drug trafficking case. His accomplice in crime was a fellow villager Charanjeet Singh, 28.In her police complaint, the victim said she was abducted from outside her house in Goniana Mandi town on Saturday morning. The accused were on a motorcycle and they took her to Gora's house, whose wife and kids were not there then. The two accused and another man raped her for two days.The girl's father had approached police on Saturday, when she \"suddenly went missing from outside the house.\" She was found on Monday, when the accused left her outside her home. A medical examination of the girl has confirmed rape. \"The three accused have been booked on the complaint of the minor girl and her father's statement. All three are absconding,\" SHO Gurpreet Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15858079", "title": "Dharwad warms up to green Ganeshas", "text": "DHARWAD: Lakes and parks in Dharwad city got a much-needed facelift over the past two years. But with Ganesha festival approaching next month, residents are worried that immersion of idols will leave the lakes polluted again.The threat of pollution extends to the wells in the city too and there has been an increasing demand to rejuvenate the wells in the city.But thankfully, several organizations, which plan to install Ganesha idols in public places, have resolved to ensure that the sanctity of the lakes and tanks are not disturbed. They have decided to buy eco-friendly Ganesha idols instead of idols made using plaster of Paris and artificial colours.This has come as good news for artiste Manjunath Hiremath of Kelgeri who has been making Ganesha idols with mud and natural colours made of herbs. He has shun the temptation to make quick bucks by using plaster of Paris for making Ganesha idols and has stuck to locally available organic materials. \"I don't care if I earn less profit. I am committed to not using inorganic materials. I will only use mud, coconut peel and other materials,\" Manjunath says proudly.His commitment to staying eco-friendly has finally paid off. Manjunath, who did not find many buyers for his eco-friendly Ganesha idols, is now flooded with orders. \"When I started making eco-friendly Ganesha idols, nobody bought the idols made of mud. I tried to educate the customers on the need to use idols made of organic materials. Now, the demand for organic Ganesha idols have rapidly gone up,\" he says.So much so that Manjunath does not have enough manpower to cater to the increasing demand. \"I have orders for at least 75 idols already, but I will be able to make only 56 idols,\" he says.Manjunath adds that he has customers thronging to his house from nearby states too to place orders for ec-friendly Ganesha idols.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ongole", "code": "15851145", "title": "Major port all set to come up in Prakasam district", "text": "ONGOLE: Prakasam district, which has been long awaiting a real-time development project, on a par with other coastal districts, is all set to get a major project. The state government has cleared a port proposal at Ramayapatnam.The Centre is also likely to give its nod shortly and spend nearly Rs 7000 crore for the port construction in the next five years. Prakasam is the only district on the coastal belt which has not witnessed any development despite being rich with natural resources compared to the neighbouring districts.When the state government announced a massive port and an industrial corridor, Vanpic, five years ago, land rates in all coastal mandals skyrocketed. The promoters have landed in jails, is different story. Even though While hopes getting dashed as the Vanpic project did not materialise, the Centre announced a boon to the state with a promise to construction of a major port provided a suitable land was found for the same. In spite of the state government moving slowly, the Centre itself pushed the proposal and urged the state government to complete the initial formalities of identifying the land.Curiously, the state government listed Ramayapatnam near Ulavapadu mandal in Prakasam as one of the probable locations for construction of a port as initially it thought that Nakkapalli (Visakhapatnam) and Dugarajapatnam (Nellore) were more ideal for the project.However the technical committee appointed by the Centre found Ramayapatnam to be comparatively a better location than the other two and asked the state government for its opinion. Because of the presence of massive granite factories, tobacco export units and aqua export houses, Ramayapatnam port has been considered more economically viable than others.Even at this stage, influential ministers in the state cabinet, Ganta Srinivasa Rao (Visakhapatnam) and Anam Ramanarayana Reddy (Nellore) wanted to take the project to their native places by promising to rectify the deficiencies pointed out by the technical committee. They, however, were forced to withdraw from the race following the objections raised by defence organisations leaving Ramayapatnam as lone contender.Sources said that district administration was already instructed to get ready to acquire about 961 hectares in Ulavapadu mandal and 1164 hectares in Gudlur mandal. In addition, nearly 2200 families have to be evacuated from seven neighbouring villages. District collector has reportedly sought Rs 215 crore for taking up relief and rehabilitation works.Close to national highway and railway main line, Ramayapatnam is likely to change the fortunes of the district once the port project becomes a reality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15858875", "title": "After winning a war, wrestlers are welcomed back like heroes", "text": "CHENNAI: They had fought and won a war on the mat for India. And they were welcomed like true war heroes.Atop a silver chariot driven by a pair of white horses amid 'naadaswaram' and flower showers, the city welcomed Olympic medallists Sushil Kumar, Yogeshwar Dutt and coach Yashvir Singh in regal style on Monday.Velammal Matriculation Higher Secondary School Mogappair played host to the occasion, felicitating silver medallist Sushil with ten lakh, bronze medallist Yogeshwar and coach Yashvir with five lakh each.The city school, known for its penchant for honouring sporting icons and Olympians from the likes of Rahul Dravid to Vijender Singh in the past, carried forward the precedent with aplomb. Teeming students gathered in disciplined attendance to catch a glimpse of the heroes and feel them in flesh and blood.Sushil addressed the gathering with a practised-to-perfection 'Vanakkam', which the crowd appreciated with a thunderous applause that didn't die down until a 'Nanri' from Yogeshwar.The wrestlers, along with their coach, honoured students of the school who had excelled in sports both at national as well as international level.When it was time to let the floor open to students armed with questions, queries came in thick and fast. At times, the medallists found it hard to catch up with the rapid fire round. Tiding over semantic barriers, they earnestly reached out to the students. They patiently heard out each query, offered replies in Hindi, which were translated into English by a student. When quizzed whether he regretted choosing wrestling over a popular sport like cricket,Sushil said, \"There's little reason to regret since I chose a sport which I thoroughly enjoyed. With my two back-to back medals I think I've proved that with hard work and diligence nothing is unattainable.\"The more reticent of the two, Yogeshwar, recounted his journey to London which was fraught with challenges. \"It has been a very hard ride to an Olympic medal. My family made a lot of sacrifices for me to get here. Now when I look back, I can smile at myself and say that all the blood, sweat and tears have finally paid off.\"Sushil exhorted the the young crowd to muscle their way to the dreams, and said he planned to use free land offered by the government to set up a school for needy students in his homestate Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15863192", "title": "Hearing in Taj corridor case on September 11", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has posted hearing in the multi-crore Taj Heritage Corridor case on September 11. The petitioners have sought full-fledged trial of former chief minister Mayawati and her cabinet colleague Nasimuddin Siddiqui before CBI court. The CBI court had discharged them for want of prosecution sanction in 2007.On Monday an illness slip was moved before the bench of Justice Imtiyaz Murtaza and Justice Ashwani Kumar Singh on behalf of SC Mishra appearing for Mayawati in the case, seeking adjournment due to the said reason. The petitioners' lawyer opposed repeated adjournments in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15865411", "title": "Kejriwal changes plan, no dharna outside CM house", "text": "BHOPAL: A day after his SMS on his proposed dharna before chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's residence on Tuesday against the arrest of 24 IAC activists, Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal changed his plan.Kejriwal is scheduled to reach Bhopal by Shatabdi Express on Tuesday afternoon. \"The programme has changed,\" said Sharad Kumre, IAC activist on Monday evening.\"IAC workers, who were protesting outside CM house on Sunday were lathi-charged, arrested and sent to the Central Jail. It was in reaction to the police action that Kejriwal wanted to hold a dharna outside the CM's official residence and court arrest so he could join other activists in jail,\" Kumre said.On Sunday evening, Kejriwal sent an SMS to the IAC volunteers who were staging dharna against Chouhan's alleged role in allotment of coal mines. He wrote: \"Twenty-four including women have been formally arrested by the MP government. They are in the central Jail. Their crime - they raised voice against corruption by Chouhan. How can the people tolerate this? I will also commit the same crime on Tuesday - raise my voice against Chouhan's corruption and stage dharna outside his residence and offer myself for arrest.\"But on Monday afternoon, 24 arrested activists were released from jail and Kejriwal's programme was altered. \"He will now come to Bhopal, hold a press conference and meet the IAC activists here. Future strategy will be chalked out,\" Kumre added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15856897", "title": "Arvinder Singh Lovely biggest gainer as CM shuffles team", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Monday night carried out the much anticipated cabinet reshuffle, divesting A K Walia of his plum assignment of urban development minister. Arvinder Singh Lovely emerged as the CM's most trusted man with a clutch of important portfolios, including urban development and revenue, also held by Walia, coming his way.Observers say Walia - who will now be left with health and family welfare besides flood and irrigation and higher education - is being made to pay for not toeing the line set by the CM to quickly deliver on regularization of unauthorized colonies, believed to be critical for the Congress in the run-up to the 2013 assembly polls.The CM got Sonia Gandhi's approval before she reshuffled her pack and has once again asserted her position in the party.Ironically, the reshuffle coincided with Delhi government getting approval from the Centre for regularization of 900 odd colonies, the groundwork for which was done by Dr Walia in the past eight months.The government has moved a proposal for notification of the portfolios by Lieutenant Governor Tejendra Khanna on Monday evening. The notification is expected on Tuesday.Lovely is losing education and transport only to get urban development, Delhi Urban Shelter Improvement Board, local bodies management and revenue. All these departments are critical for the Congress government as regularization of unauthorized colonies, allotment of flats for economically weaker sections and dealing with the BJP-led municipal bodies post-trifurcation holds the key to Congress's performance in the 2013 polls.The education portfolio is going to the current social welfare and women and child development minister Kiran Walia, who is also seen as one of CM's most trusted ministers and is known to toe her line. Lovely's transport portfolio is being givens to Dikshit's other yes-man Ramakant Goswami, who has gained with this addition to his existing portfolio of labour. Both Kiran Walia and Goswami were inducted in the cabinet in February 2011 when the CM put her house in order after Commonwealth Games.At that time the CM had divested Dr AK Walia of finance and urban development. Urban development had been handed over to the CM's then blue-eyed boy, Raj Kumar Chauhan. However, Chauhan, too, was dethroned in December with the taint of allegations over irregularities in the regularization of unauthorized colonies. The portfolio went back to Dr Walia. Chauhan was left with Public Works Department and little work. In the current reshuffle, he has been assigned development but remains on the fringes of the cabinet. Power minister Haroon Yusuf will be getting industries from Ramakant Goswani and retains his food and civil supplies department.According to political sources, this reshuffle aims at getting the cabinet started on a correction course to take the Congress to victory in 2013. It's bound to lead to Dr Walia's relations with the CM getting even more strained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15853546", "title": "'Saina' moment for state shuttlers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was just two minutes of Saina moment for two state shuttlers - Anoushka Parikh and Adrian George, but it just turned out to be an experience of the lifetime for the two.Amid long queue of VIPs, promoters' family members and fans, these two shuttlers met their idol at the basement of a city mall for two minutes which were well-spent as they managed Saina's autograph, photos and, most importantly, plenty of motivation.Adrian, state number one in boys' under-19 category, said he noticed Saina's right hand and could feel the years of hard work she has put in.\"I shook hands with her. Her playing hand was so hard and her palm so rough. This happens only after years of toiling,\" Adrian said even as he struggled to give words to his experience.\"She asked me if I played singles or doubles. I got her autograph on my shirt. It was special and I felt so inspired,\" said Adrian.Anoushka was luckier as she spent more time with Saina.\"I got an opportunity to welcome her at a city hotel and received a racket from her hands. Also, I managed to ask a couple of questions to her during a brief interaction session at the hotel before meeting her at the mall,\" said the top-ranked U-17 player in the state.\"She appreciated my achievements and it was a chance for me to know her off the court. It was amazing to see her from so close. This has given me more reason to work even harder,\" a delighted Anoushka said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15860256", "title": "Of Indian minorities &amp; illegal migrants", "text": "The violence in Assam is clearly cause for grave concern, and no one will deny that our minorities need solace, understanding and protection from aggression. But irrespective of who was the aggressor, the Bodos in refugee camps may feel aggrieved that the nation does not understand their anguish in being refugees in their own beloved land, which has nourished them for hundreds of years.The Bodos were one of the earliest settlers in the region. As the scholar Suniti Kumar Chatterjee writes \"the great Bodo people\" were spread over the entire Brahmaputra Valley and north Bengal as well as East Bengal, and in fact were the most important Indo-Mongoloid people in eastern India. Violence is not an option, and nothing can justify or condone violence. Yet, if a lasting solution has to be found the nation must try to understand the agony that drives these people with an illustrious history to acts of violence.In the context of Assam it is essential to be wary of overlooking the difference between Indian minorities and illegal migrants. Assam is very proud of its secular tradition and outlook, notwithstanding aberrations. The tolerant humanism of Sankardeva still has relevance. The religious harmony exemplified by Ajan Fakir still echoes in the zikirs sung in far corners of Assam by Hindus and Muslims alike. I often narrate my experience of studying in a maktab school, which had a madrassa in the same compound and a headmaster who was a devout Hindu Brahmin.The influx of illegal migrants who may not share this liberal ethos has tended to create fissures in the integrated matrix of Assamese society. The inability or unwillingness to accept this has grave portents.Lately, there have been worrying indicators of the possibility of the Assam Accord of 1985 being revisited, to adapt it to \"present conditions\". The statement is vague and worryingly open to interpretations.The Assam Accord's heart and soul is Clause 5, relating to the detection and deportation of illegal migrants. Two interpretations of the President's statement are possible. First, the Accord has not achieved the objective and therefore practical methods of achieving detection and deportation should be devised. Second, much water has flown down the Brahmaputra. Things have changed, many more illegal migrants have added to the millions who had entered in the past. It is not possible, pragmatic or just to deport them. Therefore some alternatives must be thought of.In almost 30 years only a handful \u2014 the ridiculous figure of 1,700 illegal migrants was mentioned \u2014 have been officially deported. As such thinking of another solution could be seen as pragmatic. But the people of Assam would see that as a betrayal. This is more so because nothing tangible has been done on the other core clause of the Accord, Clause 6 \u2014 to \"protect, preserve and promote the cultural, social, linguistic identity and heritage of the Assamese people\".Ironically it is the composite Assamese society that is asking for protection for its survival. Misplaced fear of harassment of Indian Muslims has acted as the impregnable shield for illegal migrants, frustrating the Accord's implementation. The infamous Illegal Migrants Determination by Tribunal Act (IMDT) was the result of such an apprehension.In a meeting between the Assam government and Rajiv Gandhi, then prime minister, on the implementation of the Accord, the late Dinesh Goswami had explained the absurdity of the IMDT Act. If a person suspected to be a foreigner was detected in, say, Burnihat in Meghalaya, 20 km from the Assam capital, under the Foreigners Act applicable to the whole country he would be asked to prove his citizenship. If he failed to do so, he could be summarily deported.If the same person was detected in the Assam capital 20 km away, under the IMDT Act the police would have to establish he was a foreigner. The case would then be examined by a screening committee. Thereafter it would go to a tribunal of retired high court judges. After that, the person could appeal to an appellate tribunal.Rajiv Gandhi had appreciated the flawed logic. He had suggested to P Chidambaram, then minister of state for home, that the possibility of a just, fair and uniform foreigner's law for the whole country \u2014 that treated a foreigner as a foreigner irrespective of religion \u2014 be examined. Is the President talking of such a revisit?Finally, Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi's statement that the state is sitting on a volcano is pregnant with implications. In the Kokrajhar context, the militancy of some Bodo groups has been part of Assam's recent history. While deplorable, it should not be the cause of new concern. Is it the new-found militancy of illegal migrants that Gogoi finds ominous? Is it the blurring of the identity of Assam's traditional and bona fide minorities with illegal migrants? Is it the breaking down of the ethos of a secular Assamese society, one where sub-identities used to be secondary?Kokrajhar represents a microcosm of Assam's problems. It is a problem of taking care of aspirations and grievances of every section of a multicultural, multilingual society, looking into apprehensions of minorities with understanding and compassion, adjusting the rights of the majority with the aspirations of the minority, and of statesmanship that creates an atmosphere of collaboration and not confrontation. Assam and India deserve that much.The author is a retired IAS officer. He served as Assam's home secretary as well as secretary for Implementation of the Assam Accord.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15857900", "title": "Man falls from tree, dies", "text": "HUBLI: A 55-year old man died when he fell from a tree, while cutting its branches in Badaminagar of Keshwapur in Hubli on Monday. According to Keshwapur police, the deceased has been identified as Shivappa Dalvai, 55, a resident of Dyavangouda village of Kalghatagi taluk. Shivappa was trimming the branches of the tree in front of a private building. He sustained serious head injuries and died on the way to KIMS hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15858644", "title": "Saudi govt kept Jundal's arrest secret for 16 days, Centre tells SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Saudi Arabian authorities did not inform India about the arrest of Mumbai attacks handler Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal for 16 days, the Centre told the Supreme Court on Monday.Explaining the delicate diplomatic mechanism between India and Saudi Arabia, additional solicitor general Gaurab Banerjee said the repatriation of suspected Indian Mujahideen member Fasih Mahmood from the kingdom would take time.Fasih's wife, Nikhat Parween, had moved the apex court for tracing her husband after his detention in Saudi Arabia. Banerjee told a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi that since Fasih had been detained by Saudi Arabian authorities, it would take some time for his repatriation.\"Even the arrest of Abu Jundal was not communicated to India for 16 days by Saudi Arabian authorities,\" he said, indicating that the diplomatic efforts would be a time consuming process. Moreover, he said the Saudi Arabian government had not granted India consular access to Fasih because of the holy month of Ramadan.Though Parween's counsel Nausad Ahmed Khan sought time for filing additional documents to show that Fasih was arrested pursuant to a joint operation by India and Saudi Arabia, the bench told him that since the person was detained in a foreign country, the court could not issue any directions except observing that the ministry of external affairs would take steps for his expeditious repatriation.Saudi Arabia had helped India with a major breakthrough in the probe into the 26/11 attacks by facilitating the arrest of Abu Jundal, one of the key plotters of the Mumbai attacks. He was picked up by Saudi police who put him on a New Delhi-bound flight after alerting authorities here about their prize catch.The Lashkar terrorist, an Indian national wanted in several terror cases who was arrested on June 21, has since claimed that LeT chief Hafiz Saeed was present in the control room from where the 26/11 masterminds choreographed the Mumbai attacks. He has also claimed that ISI and Pakistani army officials were involved in planning 26/11 and attended preparatory meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15864757", "title": "BRTS bus being put to test", "text": "INDORE: A demo bus of Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) is going under test, before it gets nod from the board of Atal Indore City Transport Corporation Ltd (AICTCL). So far, Mayor Kirhsnamurari Moghe, municipal commissioner Yogendra Sharma and principal secretary of urban administration department SPS Parihar had inspected the demo bus.AICTCL chairman Chandramouli Shukla said test trials are on and will continue for few more days. After that the board would approve with some suggestions and improvement.AICTCL has ordered 50 such buses, which will ply on pilot BRTS corridor. Each bus will cost nearly Rs 30 lakh and all buses are expected to arrive in the city by September end.After inspecting the bus, IMC commissioner Yogendra Sharma, expressing satisfaction over the quality of buses, said he would suggest a few more features in the bus.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said once these buses start plying on road, public transport will be pleasant experience for citizens.Officials express their concern over delay in release of fund by the Union government for Intelligence Transport System project for signals, ticketing and operation of BRT buses. The project, to cost Rs 4.38 crore, has been delayed due to non-release of fund by the Union government. Civic officials have proposed state government to implement the project on Public Private Partnership (PPP) under which certain amount will he given by the AICTCL and the remaining will be raised from private partner. State government has assured to consider the matter in next meeting of finance committee soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15864405", "title": "Late ex-CM Vilas Deshmukh's ashes to be immersed tomorrow", "text": "NASHIK: Ashes of late ex-chief minister of Maharashtra and union minister Vilas Deshmukh will be brought to the city for immersion into River Godavari on Wednesday. The ashes will be kept for three hours for people to pay homage at the party office on Mahatma Gandhi Road.City president of Congress Akash Chhajed and district president Rajaram Pangavhane will be bringing the ashes from Mumbai on Tuesday. \"The ashes will be kept at the party office on August 29 from 9am to noon for people to pay tribute. After this a procession till Ramkund will be taken out for immersing the ashes,\" informed Chhajed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15862421", "title": "Tweets can help spot a psychopath", "text": "WASHINGTON: You can use Twitter postings to spot whether someone is a psychopath, especially if he frequently uses words such as 'die', 'kill' and 'bury', a new research has claimed. Researchers from the Florida Atlantic University conducted a study with the London-based Online Privacy Foundation that showed how users' word choices can indicate personality traits, the Sun Sentinel reported.Somebody who swears too much online or uses words like \"die\", \"kill\", or \"bury\" a lot might have psychopathic tendencies, the research found.\"People are making judgements about others based on social media. Companies even exist that will do this for you if you are hiring,\" said Chris Sumner, who heads the privacy foundation.The researchers used an already existing psychological formula to determine how likely someone is to be psychopathic by their writing. Using a process called data mining, they developed an algorithm that would scan the tweets of nearly 3,000 volunteers.It found that about 1.4% of users showed psychopathic tendencies, similar to the population as a whole, based on their Tweets and a questionnaire. The results have limitations, the researchers said. For example, the computer programme didn't recognize abbreviated versions of words, which are common on Twitter due to the 140-character limits.It also can't recognize the difference between someone using a word such as \"kill\" in an angry way or an off-handed joking way, \"such as I could kill him for this\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15849098", "title": "Vijender Singh plans chain of boxing schools", "text": "JAIPUR: MC Mary Kom has already given Imphal a world class boxing academy, so has Akhil Kumar to Rohtak. Now, it's the turn of Vijender Singh to join the party.The poster boy of Indian boxing is planning a chain of boxing schools in four cities: Jaipur, Delhi, Kolkata and Ahmedabad. \"Boxing has given me everything and now it's my time to pay back,\" Vijender told TOI, while explaining his venture.The boxer feels the seniors should come forward to encourage budding boxers. \"The London Olympics has been an eye opener for me. I was surprised to see so many young boxers from different countries. Skill and technique-wise, they were way superior to us. The Indian boxers are still not that skilful. My target would be to give the young boxers international exposure,\" Vijender said.\"Look at China, they have already prepared a guideline for 2016 Olympics. It's time to promote youngsters and focus on the future,\" he added.That's not all. Vijender also plans to visit these four cities to scout talent. \"The primary job would be to select a group of boxers from these places and then put them in different centres. I will personally interact with them,\" the Olympian said.Vijender, who worked as a railway ticket collector in Jaipur for quite some time before winning bronze in Beijing Olympics, wants to start the first school in the Pink City. \"I know Jaipur like the back of my palm, so it would be great to start the first school there,\" he said.When asked why he chose Kolkata and Ahmedabad over Bhiwani, Vijender said: \"I do want to set up a school in Bhiwani, but it's still in the pipeline. But in these four cities, people don't get proper training facilities. Kolkata has produced stars like Mohammad Ali Qamar and we want to carry the legacy forward.\"Vijender is also looking for support from the government to make the project a reality. If things fall into place, the first academy will come up in Jaipur early next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15863656", "title": "41 prisoners go on fast to demand speedy disposal of their petitions", "text": "COIMBATORE: As many as 41 prisoners, detained under Goondas act and lodged in Central Prison here sat on an indefinite fast on Monday morning demanding speedy disposal of Habeas Corpus petitions pending in the Madras High Court challenging their detention under the stringent act. However they broke their fast after prison officials assured them of appraising their grievances with the concerned government officials at the earliest.\"The prisoners agreed to break their fast after we conducted talks with them at around five in the evening. All of them have eaten dinner,\" said A Murugesan, Superintendent, Coimbatore Central PrisonAccording to prison sources, over 83 prisoners, mostly repeated offenders were detained under Goondas act for their alleged involvement in multiple criminal cases including murder, robbery and chain snatching. They are presently kept confined inside the first block of the sub-jail, in the central prison complex. Officials became aware of the protest when 41 prisoners returned to their cell refusing to eat breakfast after the morning roll call. They tried to pacify them but they remained firm in their stand, claiming that most of them were being detained without any valid reason. They also claimed that their petitions were not being heard and disposed off in a speedy manner.A around 11 am, five prisoners relented and decided to eat. The petitions filed on their behalf are being heard by a statutory advisory board headed by a retired judge of the High Court which examines the merit of the charges leveled against them and the petitions filed by their family members.The city and rural police have been detaining known offenders under the Goondas Act claiming that these individuals were repeatedly involved in criminal activities. The city police commissioner is the deciding authority for detention under the act within city limits while it is the District Collector who gives permission to detain a person under the act within rural limits. Meanwhile, two more prisoners were detained under the Goondas Act at the Coimbatore prison. Gym Hakkim (29) and P Kannan (24) arrested in connection with a murder case recently from the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15866923", "title": "Dual NAVs for same scheme may be a reality soon", "text": "MUMBAI: On August 16, market regulator Sebi proposed a new variation in the way mutual fund houses launch schemes. It plans to give investors the freedom to buy a scheme directly from the fund house without the intervention of a distributor.Seen the other way, if a fund house launches a scheme where investors can come in directly, there will be no distribution costs as there was no intervention of any distributor when the investor invested in the scheme.This means each scheme, which now has two NAVs \u2014 one for the growth and one for the dividend option \u2014 will now have four different NAVs. That is for the growth option, one NAV will have no distribution costs attached to it while the other one will be with distribution costs. Similarly, there will be two NAVs for the dividend option schemes.In the short run, the no-distribution and cum-distribution NAVs may not show much variance, but given the power of compounding, over time the one without the distribution costs should show substantial variance and, in turn, attract investors. However, Sebi has not made it mandatory for fund houses to offer no-distribution options to investors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15860172", "title": "Cops bust three-member gang of chain snatchers", "text": "KOCHI: The police, on Monday, arrested three persons who were wanted in various cases involving chain-snatching and motorbike thefts. The arrested have been identified as Siby (32), of Chalikkavattom, Navas (29) of Palluruthy and Suresh (40) of Eroor.Cops said the accused would first steal motorbikes and then use it to snatch gold chains of elderly women. \"We have recovered four bikes from them. Besides, they admitted that they had snatched chains of eight women,'' said V Gopakumar, sub inspector, Palarivattom.According to the police the culprits often steal old bikes using duplicate keys. \"Using these bikes, they follow elderly women. They first hit hard on the victim's face and then snatch their gold chain,\" said Gopakumar.The cops starting looking for them following a complaint filed by Ammu (75), of Ponnurunni.\"We learnt from the witnesses that the last two digits of the bike on which they came for chain snatching were 1 and 7. They also confirmed that it was a Hero Honda motorcycle. We collected the details of all the Hero Honda bikes registered during 1998-2002 and found that a bike owned by Rajan of Perumbavoor was stolen a few days ago. During the search for the bike, one of the culprits fell in our net paving way for the arrest of all others,'' the SI said.Of the four bikes seized from them, two were stolen from MAJ junction at Edappally while one each was stolen from Oberon Mall and P J Antony Road. The accused were produced before the court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15862245", "title": "Four-member VC search panel to visit BBAU today", "text": "LUCKNOW: Tuesday is likely to be an important day for the teachers and students of Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University (BBAU). The search committee to appoint the university's new vice-chancellor will visit the campus amidst controversies. The four-member committee that comprises of vice-chancellor of Haryana Central University Mool Chand Sharma; former vice-chancellor of Banaras Hindu University , Prof Panjab Singh; vice-chancellor of Sagar University and a representative of Union ministry of human resources development will interact with the various stakeholders of the university. Among one of the contenders is the university's acting VC, Prof B Hanumaiah who has been recently issued show-cause notice by the President of India.The committee will meet for the second time on Tuesday. And after meeting for the last time in September, the members will choose three names, which will be recommended to the President of India, who is the visitor to the university.The final call will be taken by the visitor. The university has been surrounded by controversies after the matter of appointment of 42 teachers without the approval of university's board of management, the apex body came to light.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "15863046", "title": "Frequent and long power outages leave residents fuming in frustration", "text": "CANACONA: The 7,000-odd residents falling under Poinguinim village panchayat spend a lot of time in the dark. It's not a romantic addition to their gorgeous natural environs-forests, beach, temples. It's the erratic power supply.Sarpanch Mahesh Naik says, \"We suffer two to three hours of power outages every day. Only the electricity department appears to know why.\"Resident Vanita Phrabhu and teacher Ashama Pagi woe unanimously, \"The power cuts make the refrigerators defunct and lead to all the stored foods like vegetables, milk, etc getting spoilt.\"Pagi adds, \"People in the more remote parts of our panchayat area often store food items that last at least a week, i.e. till their next trip to the market. The power cuts have made their lives very difficult.\"Welwada-based local school teacher, Govind Phrabhu Gaonkar, blames the electricity problem on the \"age-old, corroded\" overhead wires that supply electricity to the panchayat area. Social worker Sanjiv Tilve adds that the \"poles too appear on the verge of collapsing\".Gaonkar alleges, \"The electricity department did not properly carry out the pre-monsoon trimming of trees, and several branches are now dangerously inclined towards the live wires causing power trippings.\"Rubbishing this, electricity department officials at Canacona say the work of trimming trees in ongoing. Ashok Padvalkar, assistant engineer, electricity department, Canacona, agrees that the overhead power lines are old. \"They have not been replaced in the last five decades. Wires in only a few places have been replaced, that too in cases of emergency,\" he said. Pointing out to areas like Galgibaga beach, he added that underground cabling is required here.He added that the department has done much to improve electricity supply. To check low power voltage, a separate 6.3 MVA line has been charged at Muthal-Sadolxem in Poinguinim village panchayat. Following the commissioning of this sub-station, the residents of Poinguinim, Sadolxem, Talpona, and Galgibaga, are benefiting, said Padvalkar.But power officials also blame the outages on \"no supply from the main feeder at Cuncolim\". Canacona is about 22km from Cuncolim and only 8km has underground cabling, they point out.They further say that nearly 1,500 power connections in Poinginium come from the main feeder at Canacona junction, which is connected to the Xeldem-Quepem power feeder. \"The plausible solution would be to connect Poinginium directly from the Xeldem power station ,\" they add.Canacona MLA Ramesh Tawadkar said, \"I have personally taken up the matter with the chief minister regarding the power supply problems. Underground cabling will be extended to other areas.\"Come rain or shine drinking water is a problem in Poinginium, says Aarti Komarpant a homemaker. \"The time spent in collecting water adversely affects our daily routine. Though several governments have come and gone, our drinking water problem remains unresolved,\" she adds.Sarpanch Mahesh Naik says the water tank at Partagal is insufficient to meet the needs of the residents. \"The water supplied by tankers is also not hygienic and is dangerous for consumption and could be a reason for the large number of kidney problems in our area,\" he alleges.Water supply officials at Canacona agree that the storage capacity of the tank at Partagal is very low and the capacity should be doubled for the problem to be resolved.Former sarpanch of Poinguinim village panchayat, Janardhan Bhandhari, alleges that illegal constructions and temporary structures have come up in different parts of Poinguinim, Sadolxem, Tolpona and Galgibaga beach, in violation of Coastal Regulation Zone (CRZ) rules. He claims they've been given water and electricity connections and the panchayat is turning a Nelson's eye towards the illegalities. Panchayat officials refute the charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15855662", "title": "NGO to hold education camp for youths", "text": "PUNE: Non-governmental organization Nirman has announced that its fifth educational camp will be held in Gadhchiroli from January next year. The camp will train youths between 18 and 28 years of age to become agents of societal change. The NGO has invited application from youngsters. The last date for receiving applications is August 30. The applications are available on the website http://nirman.mkcl.org.Personal interviews will be conducted in September and the final list of selected candidates will be out on October 2. Nirman provides guidance, expertise and environment to inculcate self learning and encourages youth for social action.Abhay Bang, founder of Nirman, said in a statement, \"Today's educational system is compartmentalized and exam-oriented. It provides students with a lot of information and skills to some extent, but no sense of purpose. There is a dearth of efficient and professionally-educated young change-makers who can take up burning social issues. Nirman aims to find a common solution to these two issues through its unique educational process.\"Youngsters will get first-hand exposure to problems, and the different approaches to solve them. The camp will also have interactive sessions with experts, group discussions, personal exercises, field visits, role plays, movies, games, self-learning activities and planning for the intervening six months before the next camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15855518", "title": "Statements adding to confusion: Credai", "text": "PUNE: Even as the voice against imposition of VAT gets louder, statements coming from the sales tax department and some ministers are likely to put consumers and builders on a collision course. The Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry ( MCHI)-Credai (Mumbai Metropolitan Region), has sought a meeting with deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. \"Senior sales tax officials and ministers are giving statements to the media that suggest that paying VAT is builders' responsibility. The builders can and will pay only after they get the money from flat buyers. Such statements are aimed at creating a rift between builders and buyers and confusing the issue further. The end result, will be more litigations. We request Mr Ajit Pawar to help clear this misconception and grant a stay on VAT collection,\" said Paras Gundecha, president of MCHI-Credai, Mumbai.Suryakant Pathak, Pune district working president of Akhil Bhartiya Grahak Panchayat, said, \"We urge flat buyers not to pay more than 1% VAT to developers, that too under protest. If the VAT is calculated at 5%, the consumer may have to pay almost Rs 78,000 for a flat of Rs 20 lakh. When calculated meticulously, the amount may not exceed Rs 16,000, ie, approximately 0.8%.\"Pathak suggested the state government should not rush with the process. \"The government waited for six long years. Why rush now. The state, builders and consumers should sit together and come up with a solution acceptable to all,\" said Pathak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15870235", "title": "Integrity chief Wood set to return", "text": "MUMBAI: Australian Wayne Wood, the former Chief Integrity Steward of the Royal Western India Turf Club (RWITC), who had quit at the end of the last Mumbai Season, is set make a comeback. His re-appointment was approved by a majority vote during the managing committee meeting of the RWITC held on Monday.The 57-year-old had left the club last April saying that lack of control of stipendiary stewards (stipes) under the judicial system of RWITC had restrained his performance .He is expected to start from the next Mumbai season but can resume from the current Pune season itself if he is prepared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15867740", "title": "National look eludes National Institute of Technologies", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The change in admission guidelines to give a pan-Indian character to the National Institute of Technologies (NITs) this year has apparently failed to serve the purpose. Students from just four states - Andhra Pradesh, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and Bihar - have bagged the majority of seats across all NITs.According to official records, students from the four states account for 5,700 seats of the total 7,400 meant for non-domicile students in the 30 NITs. The rest of the 1,700 seats were occupied by aspirants from 30 other states and Union Territories put together.The \"skewered\" seat occupancy is most apparent at NIT, Rourkela. Students from Andhra Pradesh alone got over 160 seats from among the 400 reserved for admission seekers from outside Odisha, according to data of seat sharing after last round of admission at the premier institute. While students from Bihar took another 57 seats, those from UP got 43 and their counterparts from Rajasthan took 42 seats. The rest of the states and UTs shared 100 seats.The scenario is same at NIT, Calicut. Students from Andhra Pradesh alone accounted for 280 seats out of the 468 reserved for aspirants from outside Kerala. Of the 369 seats in Nagpur, 198 went to Telugu students. At Trichy (Tamil Nadu), around 50 per cent of the 400 seats were occupied by students from Andhra Pradesh.Just 38 students from Odisha took admission in NITs outside the state. Among the bigger states, only 16 students from Tamil Nadu took admission in NITs outside the state.On the contrary, number of Andhra students admitted in NITs outside the state stood at whooping 1620. Similarly, 1500 students from Rajasthan, 1340 from UP, and 1220 students from Bihar took admission in NITs outside their respective states.NIT insiders said too many coaching centres in Hyderabad and Vizag in Andhra Pradesh, Noida in UP, Kota in Rajasthan make these three states lead in bagging the highest number of NIT seats. In case of Bihar, students generally prepare in coaching centres in New Delhi, they said.A NIT Rourkela faculty member said students belonging to different states but coming for coaching to places like Hyderabad, Kota and Vizag generally take admission in Plus II colleges in those cities only. Since state domicile for NIT admission is decided on basis of one's Plus II college, apparent share of students from these state look very high.The Central Counselling Board (CCB) of NITs had changed the 50 per cent state quota norms in admission rules this year. Earlier, 50 per cent seats reserved for domicile students in an NIT did not include those students of the particular state who were eligible for admission on basis of all-India merit list. This year, maximum 50 per cent seats were reserved for students of the domicile state, including those eligible for seats in the all-India merit list. NIT authorities had argued that such a step will bring a pan-Indian look to the NITs as students from different states would evenly share 50 per cent in each NIT. \"But our institute has at best got an Andhra look,\" said the faculty member of NIT Rourkela.NIT authorities, however, said the seat sharing pattern will be analyzed to find out if the change in criteria helped achieve the desired results. \"The admission process was completed only recently. We will analyze why students from few places were dominating the NITs and assess if the change helped promote merits and brought more national character to the NITs,\" said NIT, Rourkela, registrar (rules and regulations) S.K. Upadhyay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15858461", "title": "Students youth federation protest arrest of cadres", "text": "CHENNAI: At least 44 Revolutionary Students Youth Federation (RSYF) activists were arrested for staging a protest in front of the Maduravoyal police station condemning the arrest of the two RSYF activists on Monday. On Sunday, police arrested RSYF activists Divakar and Kumaresan for protesting against the detention of mother and daughter of a man accused in a murder case.On Saturday, Arun was chased and hacked to death by his friend Parthiban in Maduravoyal over a business rivalry. Parthiban had invited Arun for a drink following which an argument ensued. Parthiban then hacked Arun to death. Parthiban has been missing since the incident but police detained Parthiban's mother and daughter. Divakar and Kumaresan were protesting against the detention of the women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15864216", "title": "Woman alleges harassment by TANGEDCO engineer", "text": "COIMBATORE: A female employee of Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation in Pollachi submitted a petition to Collector M Karunagaran demanding action against an assistant executive engineer attached with Attakatti Superintendent Office, TANGEDCO, for sexually harassing her.The complainant A Kannammal (44), wife of P Ammasai, also working with TANGEDCO, who accompanied her to the collectorate, stated in her petition that she has been an employee of TANGEDCO at Upper Aliyar for the past 12 years. In June, along with two other women, she was deputed to work for three days at the TANGEDCO office at Attakatti by assistant executive engineer, R P Subramanian.\"On the pretext of doing some official work, the engineer invited me to his house, after her colleagues had completed duty. At his house, he tried to molest me,\" she alleged. Things turned worse in the following days when he continued to harass her in various ways. She complained to higher officials and even wrote a letter to the chief engineer, but no action was taken. She eventually registered a complaint against him at the local police station.\"After this incident the engineer started threatening my mother over phone and abusing other family members. He even came home once and misbehaved with my mother. I was so distraught that I even thought of committing suicide,\" said Revathi, the victim's daughter. \"Seeing no way out, we decided to petition the collector,\" she added.When Subramanian was contacted, he said that a memo had been served to Kannammal as she had taken leave without getting the required approvals. \"Despite being served a memo, she failed to show up at work. There is already an official enquiry going on regarding her charges and I am ready to accept any punishment, should the allegations prove to be right,\" he said. He also said that Kannammal had threatened the previous engineer in a similar way.The collector gave his assurance that he would look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15869142", "title": "Bal Bharati's karate kids make all proud", "text": "LUDHIANA: Karate kids of Bal Bharati Public School brought laurels to the state by winning six gold, three silver and four bronze medals in the recently concluded National Karate Championship held under the aegis of Bengal Olympic Association and All India Karate Federation at Kolkata.Around 2,500 students from 300 schools across the country had participated in this championship. Of these, 15 were from Bal Bharati Public School. \"The kids worked very hard for the championship. Now, they will go to South Africa for an international event that will be held in November,\" said their coach Ashok Kumar Chauhan.Uditi Goyal, Simran Chauhan, Sehajbeer Singh, Tejwant Singh and Jasicapreet Kaur have won gold medals. Tejwant Singh, Naman Gupta and Arshia Garg bagged silver medals and Fatayjit Singh, Tushar Shahi, Pulkit Garg and Araav Kharbandha brought home bronze medals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15852449", "title": "Saamna after R R Patil\u2019s scalp, with Pawar\u2019s blessings?", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena has targeted home minister R R Patil and another NCP minister, Sachin Ahir, for patronizing Raza Academy, which planned the August 11 rally at Azad Maidan.Sena mouthpiece Saamna reported on Monday that Patil visited Raza Academy's office in Nagpada on August 6, five days before the rally, and was felicitated by academy head Maulana Moin. It said in a page one report that Ahir was instrumental in Patil's visit.Saamna's attack on Patil is not without political significance, given its editor Balasaheb Thackeray's excellent equations with NCP chief Sharad Pawar . \"It is quite likely that Saamna has put Patil on notice following the August 11 rampage. Pawarsaheb must surely be upset with the mayhem, which threw south Mumbai out of gear,\" said a Sena functionary.Pointing out that Pawar as Maharashtra's chief minister had so prepared Mumbai's administrative machinery that in March 1993 the city was back to normal within six hours of the serial bomb blasts, the functionary said, \"On August 11, however, the home department failed to gauge the situation, notwithstanding intelligence reports on the eve of the rally. Pawar must be keen to send a signal to his ministers.\"Saamna published a photograph showing Patil and Ahir with Moin and other academy functionaries. Moin's brother is the NCP corporator from Mumbra, Saamna said.Furthermore, Saamna has named senior Congress minister Naseem Khan in connection with the August 11 chaos. Rizwan Khan, one of the key organisers of the rally, is a close associate of Naseem Khan, the Sena daily said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15859327", "title": "Lions pressured by fodder shortage", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat foresters are dealing with a new threat to the Gir wildlife sanctuary. Scarcity of fodder on the periphery of the sanctuary is forcing politicians to pressure the forest department to permit Maldharis to bring their cattle inside the sanctuary for grazing.Forest officials said that MLAs from the ruling party were trying to ensure that the Maldhari community around the sanctuary was allowed into Gir, Girnar, and Mitiyala sanctuaries. Sources said the pressure was constant.This being an election year, officers are in a fix as members of the two main political parties want local inhabitants to illegally enter the area.Bhagvan Bharwad, the MLA from Talala, said: \"We will wait till Sunday and if there is no rain, we will make representations to the state government and even write to chief minister to permit grazing in the forest.\" Bharwad said grass was not available and one could not let animals die for want of food. \"If the forest department or the state government refuses to give us permission, we will enter the forest without permission,\" he said. \"Let them take action.\"A forest official said that in the recent past, a couple of attempts were made to enter the forest but guards prevented people from venturing deep into the sanctuary.The sanctuary is closed for public for four months during monsoon, from June 15. Forest officials said that during this period the danger of lion attack was high. If Maldharis were permitted to enter the forest with cattle, risk to their lives would be immense.Forest officials said that Maldharis were illegally allowing their cattle to graze in areas near the boundary of the sanctuary. \"This is the peak season for breeding for not just the big cats, but even for the herbivores,\" a forest official said. \"The newborn of the herbivores learn to walk. At such a time, if cattle is permitted to graze in the sanctuary, they could be a nuisance to the newborn.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15862328", "title": "Onam celebrations: Traffic regulation during the festival", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Special traffic arrangements will be put in place in the city till September 2 as part of Onam celebrations. No vehicles will be allowed from Vellayambalam to corporation office from 6pm to 9.30pm. Vehicles coming from Vellayambalam to Thampanoor and East Fort should go via Vazhuthacaud-Xanadu-Panavila route and those to Peroorkada should take R R Lamp-Corporation-Nanthancode-Kowdiar route.Vehicles from East Fort to Vattiyoorkavu should go via Overbridge-Statue-VJT-Asan Square-Under passage-Bakery junction-Edapazhanji-Sasthamangalam route. Vehicles can be parked on one side of Asan Sqaure, General Hospital road, PMG-Law College road, Press Club road, Museum-Sooryakanthi road, Museum-Nandavanam road,Vellayambalam-Sasthamangalam road, KELTRON-Althara road and Manaveeyam road. Parking won't be allowed on corporation office-Nanthancode-Devaswom Board-TTC road-RR Lamp-Vellayambalam road, VJT-Asan Square road and GV Raja-R R Lamp road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "15861770", "title": "Mob lynches driver for suspected kidnapping", "text": "NAWADA: A driver was lynched by a mob and his numberless Scorpio vehicle bearing \"Madhya Pradesh Shasan\" nameplate was torched at village Amba under Rajauli police station in Nawada district on Monday noon. The incident followed rumours of a child being kidnapped by the driver from village Hardia village, 6 km from Rajauli police station.According to the SHO of Rajauli police station, Vindhyachal Prasad, the vehicle was bound for Patna but the driver stopped his vehicle at Hardia on NH-31 to drink water from a roadside handpump. While the driver was drinking water, a 10-year-old boy Shivbalak Rajbanshi, son of Karu Rajbanshi of village Hardia, fascinated by the sleek SUV, tried to get into the vehicle to have a better look. When the driver pulled out the boy from the vehicle in a rough manner nearby people mistook it as a case of kidnapping and chased the driver, who sped away. The locals chased the driver in different vehicles and overpowered him a few km away at village Amba where the terror-stricken driver was pulled out and beaten to death. The mob later torched the vehicle.The SHO said the identity of the driver was yet to be ascertained and a case had been lodged against unknown persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15868150", "title": "It's one of the wettest Augusts in 12 years", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the past 12 years, it has rained more than the rain received this August only thrice (in 2002, 2004 and 2008). And if it continues to rain, this year will cross the 2008 (291 mm) mark, as it has already rained 273 mm in August this year.The monsoon started in full force in July-end, which is usually the time when the rainy season draws to a close. The Tricity residents had almost lost hope of having any rainfall and there was speculation that it would be a drought year. But August proved bountiful.The Meteorological department officials said the amount of rainfall in August is set to break the 'previous highs', if it continues to pour this way. On Monday too, it rained almost the entire day. In 2000, the lowest rainfall in the past 12 years was witnessed in August at 134.5mm, though it showed an improvement and stood at 218.6mm the next year.In 2002, the figure shot up to 355mm, though it dropped to 201.7mm rain the next year. The year 2004 saw a steep increase in rainfall at 718mm, it being the highest in 12 years. In 2005, the city witnessed a rainfall of 236.9mm in August, while 2006 saw 209.4mm rain. In 2007, the rainfall was recorded at 272.2mm, while 2008 saw 291mm rain. The next year saw a steep decline as it rained only 192.9mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15849918", "title": "Chief Justice of India wants special benches in HCs to fast-track graft cases", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia has suggested that special benches be formed in high courts to fast-track corruption cases.\"The Chief Justice of India has suggested setting up of special benches in high courts and fixing of disposal targets in subordinate courts for speedy clearance of cases registered under the Prevention of Corruption Act,'' an official said.\"The CJI had also written to all chief justices in December 2010, asking them to fast-track corruption cases.\"Pointing out that a total of 46,120 cases registered under the Prevention of Corruption Act are pending before high courts, the official said it has now been proposed that in addition to special benches in high courts, designated judges at the district level should be given a target for disposal of such cases. \"It has also been suggested that if needed, more judges be assigned the task of disposing of corruption cases,\" said the official.The Centre has already set up 127 special courts for disposal of cases filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI). \"Most of these courts are already functional and we expect all courts to start functioning within the next three months,\" said the official.According to the official, many graft cases in Maharashtra were delayed owing to the state government's failure to grant permission for prosecution. \"Even when a person is arrested while accepting a bribe, the government takes between three months and two years to grant permission for prosecution. We will have to draft new rules and grant permission by deeming provision if the concerned department does not clear the proposal within three months,'' said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15862201", "title": "Faculty crunch grips central varsities in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Despite the focus on improving the state of education, the most of the basic requirements might still be missing from the universities. And if the spotlight is brought over the central universities in UP, the shortage of teaching and the non-teaching staff is a big issue. In universities like Allahabad University and Banaras Hindu University , more than 20-30% of the teaching posts are lying vacant.Of the over 2,000 sanctioned posts in BHU (including IIT-BHU), nearly 600 are lying vacant. Out of this, nearly 300 posts are vacant in IIT-BHU alone. \"Appointments in IIT did not take place since the past two-three years. Excluding that, we have nearly 300 posts vacant in other undergraduate and postgraduate courses,\" said university spokesperson Prof Vishwanath Pandey. He added that being a central university, there is a need of more teachers, but at any given point, there is around 30% posts lying vacant due to migration and retirement.In Allahabad University, around 315 out of sanctioned 516 posts are lying vacant. Giving the figures, university spokesperson, Prof PK Sahoo said, \"The recruitment has begun, and soon, we will have more faculty members.\"Aligarh Muslim University, another central university, is also battling faculty crunch. Though the officials failed to tell the total sanctioned posts, they informed that nearly 1,400 teachers at present work in the university. \"There is around 30% shortage of teachers in the university,\" said a university official.Besides, the student-teacher ratio in these universities is also alarming. In AU, the total student strength is around 18,000 excluding the research scholars. Going by the current number of teachers, the student-teacher ratio here is 1:85. And if university officials are to be believed, the situation in constituent colleges is worse. In BHU, the total student strength is 25,000, while the existing faculty strength is nearly 1,000. This means that there is one teacher per 25 students.The teacher taught ratio, according to University Grants Commission for undergraduate courses in social sciences should be 1: 30, while in sciences it should be 1: 25. For PG courses in science, the student-teacher ratio should 1:10, while for humanities and commerce, it is 1: 15.However, the situation in Babasaheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University ( BBAU), Lucknow is slightly better. As against 121 sanctioned posts, 68 are permanently filled up. Another 42 teachers have been appointed but they are yet to be approved by the university's apex body, board of management. The student strength here is around 1,700.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15859420", "title": "Who let the dogs in?", "text": "CHENNAI: On Monday, even as more than 50 people protested at the government Kasturba Gandhi Hospital for Women and Children in Triplicane where an infant's face was ripped by rodents on Sunday, dogs, cats and bandicoots were seen sharing beds with moms-to-be and newborns. The animals were everywhere - sniffing at newborns, napping on beds and roaming all over the premises scrambling for food.Many patients shooed animals coming close to their babies or to the food left for them. Senior doctors said they were \"too busy\" to attend to these problems. \"We are grappling with shortage of beds, crowding patients, inadequate staff and corruption by ward boys and ayahs who fleece patients and their relatives. We inform civic authorities and order for pest control. But we find that inadequate,\" said a senior doctor. The problem is not unique to this hospital, she added.On Monday, cats were roaming the wards of the government Women and Children's Hospital in Egmore - some were lying down in the toilets and one was on the floor, lying next to a patient. \"A brown one is usually in the toilets. When nurses see it, they just shoo it away but is comes back,\" said a patient. At the government hospital in Tambaram and at the government TB hospital in Ayanavaram patients complain they are surrounded by pigs.Animals in wards can pose serious risks for patients. They can contract a host of diseases and infections apart from being bitten. \"Animals are attracted to the smell of blood and may not be able to differentiate between a dead and alive patient, especially infants who are defenceless,\" said Dr Indra Jayakumar, a paediatric intensivist at Apollo Children's Hospital.Government hospital staff, who often restrict visitors to prevent spread of infections, however, seem oblivious to animals. Animals found near patients and equipment can transfer coliform bacteria and anaerobic bacteria and spread salmonella when they lick a patient's wounds or faeces or thrown-out placentas, doctors say. \"The more basic infections are leptospirosis from rat's urine, rat-bite fever, cat-scratch disease and rabies,\" said Dr Jayakumar.Hospital authorities say their efforts to keep out dogs and cats fail. \"On several occasions we have pleaded with the Chennai Corporation to take away the dogs. An NGO picks up these dogs, sterlizes them and leaves them back here. They say dogs can't be displaced,\" a doctor said. The hospital authorities said they had written to the Chennai Corporation and the state health department but no action was initiated. \"Fogging operations are conducted on the campus twice a week and insecticide sprayed every fortnight. But the campus does attract a lot of rodents. The animals refuse to leave because the attendants dispose of food everywhere,\" said Kasturba Gandhi Hospital for Women and Children resident medical officer M Ramesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15860964", "title": "Civic body to prepare register of its property", "text": "KOZHIKODE: City corporation will upgrade the register of property owned by the civic body soon. The local self government department has issued an order on August 6, directing all local self-government bodies in the state to prepare a detailed register of land owned by the respective LSG bodies.The register prepared by the local self-government bodies in 2005-2006 was digitalized by the Information Kerala Mission using sanchitha software. The government has issued the new GO after finding many anomalies in the register. The government has asked the LSG bodies to submit the details to the Information Kerala Mission (IKM) by the end of October this year for the state level compilation of the data after rectifying all the anomalies. The register will be having information such as length of roads, number of buildings in the corporation limit, extend of buildings and land, survey number and type of plots, the year of property purchased and the amount spent to purchase the land. It will also categorize the property owned by the civic body such as commercial plots, industrial plots, market, hospitals, agriculture and education.Kozhikode corporation engineer P Gopalakirshnan said the register of property owned by the city corporation has already been made. \"We need to upgrade it adding the information on the three grama panchayats, which was merged with the corporation and make validation of the property,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15865700", "title": "Man beaten to death by friend", "text": "JAIPUR: A 54-year-old labourer was beaten to death allegedly by his friend after the two got into a scuffle in a drunken condition in Transport Nagar area on Sunday night. The body was recovered on Monday morning from the rooftop of a transport company office where the duo lived in a room.According to police, the deceased, identified as Govind Pandit, was a resident of Gurdaspur district in Punjab. \"He worked as a labourer in a transport company in the area and lived in a room on the office roof. During preliminary investigation it has come up that he had consumed alcohol with his friend Raj Kumar on the rooftop. The two got into a fight. Raj smashed his head with an object following which Govind died,\" said ACP, Adarsh Nagar, Naresh Kumar.Someone informed the police around 8.30 am on Monday. A police team was immediately rushed to the spot. A forensic examination was also conducted.He added that police found some liquor bottles from the spot. \"Raj is on the run. Teams have been rushed to various places in his search,\" said the officer. Police said that what caused the fight is being investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15867813", "title": "Take call on 'disturbed area' tag: Punjab and Haryana high court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court on Monday gave three weeks time to the Chandigarh administration to take a final decision and inform the court about doing away with the 'disturbed area' tag from Chandigarh. A division bench headed by acting Chief Justice Jasbir Singh orally observed, \"Tentatively the bench is of the opinion that Chandigarh is not a disturbed area.\"Chandigarh was declared a disturbed area through notifications of Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) issued on December 2, 1986 and December 5, 1991. The matter had reached before the high court through a public interest (PIL) filed by a Sector 7 resident Surinder Singh Bhardwaj seeking quashing of these notifications. The PIL submitted that the Chandigarh Disturbed Areas Act, 1983 was implemented in the city along with Punjab where Punjab Disturbed Areas Act, 1983 was implemented during the peak militancy in the state. However, Punjab removed the said Act in October 1997, but UT is yet to do the same despite the fact that peace has been restored in Punjab and Chandigarh. Apparently not happy over delay on the part of the administration in making serious efforts to remove the 'disturbed area' tag from Chandigarh, the bench orally asked the administration, \"What is the disturbance in Chandigarh now? Where are you finding danger in the city?\" The bench also went on to observe that there appears to be some \"vested interest\" in not removing the 'disturbed area' tag from the city. Thereafter, the bench gave three weeks time to the administration to inform the court about its decision on withdrawing the notifications in the regard. Now the case will come up for further hearing on September 17.According to the Union government counsel, Maharaj Kumar, the central government is yet to receive anything in writing from the Chandigarh administration regarding removing the 'disturbed area' label. \"The Union government would act only after receiving something from the Chandigarh administration and a final decision to withdraw the notifications would be taken after examining the reports of various intelligence agencies,\" the counsel informed.It was also submitted by the petitioner that due to the Act, extra forces have been posted at many places in the city. \"Such Act is also causing unnecessary monetary loss to public exchequer and giving unnecessary powers in the hands of government officers which are not consistent with the values of democratic set-up and norms and citizens must not be subjected to extra troubles,\" the petition added. He argued that even tourists from abroad are hesitant to visit the city because of the 'disturbed area' label.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15881456", "title": "Nargis wants to host a TV show like Oprah Winfrey", "text": "With no film offers to boast of, Nargis wants to get into television and host a show on the lines Winfrey'sDespite a dream debut opposite Ranbir Kapoor in Imtiaz Ali directed film Rockstar , not many producers have been forthcoming to offer Nargis Fakhri a role in their ventures. Needless to say, the film that worked wonders for the lead actor, did precious little for her career.The three-film-deal that Nargis had reportedly signed with Akshay Kumar's production house Hari Om Productions even before her first film released, seems to have been called off as well. In fact, the first film of the deal, Khiladi 786, has Asin as the leading lady, instead of Fakhri. And though a friend of the actress insists that Nargis has two film offers she can't talk about right now, TOI has learnt that the one-film-wonder already has a Plan B ready.If sources are to be believed, Nargis wants to venture into television. And she doesn't have any plans to be the sari-clad bahu on the small screen. Nargis wants to host a talk show and her intentions are noble too.When asked if it is true, she simply told, \"I want to help people, be of some service, you know. Maybe become like Oprah (Winfrey) someday.\"Though some may think that television is her backup plan, Imtiaz Ali still swears by her talent. However, sources from the industry feel that other filmmakers have failed to warm up to the US based model. And the reasons they say, could be varied.According to sources, apart from the flak she received for her performance in Rockstar , the fact that she is based in the US may have worked against her film career. Perhaps on the small screen, she will fare better.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "15869714", "title": "Confederation of Indian Industries to set up more 'gurukuls'", "text": "GUMLA: The Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) will set up new skill development centres called \"gurukul\" on Gumla model in other districts and states of the country.\"Gumla model of 'gurukul' has been very successful in the country,\" said CII's national backward development committee chairman Sandeepan Chakravarthy on Monday.Chakravarthy along with Kolkata-based CII's eastern regional director Saugat Mukherjee, Jharkhand head Rahul Singh along with deputy commissioner Shubhendra Jha inspected training curriculum during their visit.With the participation of administration in Gumla under the Integrated Action Plan (IAP), \"gurukul\" has been very successful and is first of its kind, said Mukherjee. Following the initiative of former DC Rahul Sharma , the first \"gurukul\" in eastern India was set up in the Maoist-hit district. CII (Hindalco), Nabard and Pan IIT Alumni were also involved in it.If the government provides land, the CII can initiate several development work like \"gurukul\" as has been done in Gumla, Chakravarthy said adding that 30 new \"gurukuls\" would come up in the country soon.Such institution which aims to train dropouts and youths of BPL category will also be established in Chhattisgarh and other states while one is functional in Purnia in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15851918", "title": "Adnan Patrawala murder: HC admits appeal", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Monday admitted the appeal filed by the state government challenging a sessions court order acquitting four youths on charges of kidnapping and murdering 16-year-old Adnan Patrawala in 2007. The court had earlier admitted an appeal filed by Adnan's businessman father, Aslam Patrawala. Aslam filed an appeal under a new provision of the Criminal Procedure Code that allowed a victim or his legal heirs to file an appeal against an acquittal.In its appeal, the state said the trial court had erred in acquitting the accused.On August 19, 2007, Adnan was allegedly kidnapped by five friends and killed after a plan to extort Rs 2 crore went awry and the police got wind of the kidnapping. The fifth accused, who was a minor, was tried by the Juvenile Justice Board. In January 2012, a sessions court acquitted the four youths charged with the murder for lack of evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15863235", "title": "Ensure proper execution of development agenda, chief secretary tells top officials", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief secretary Jawed Usmani has directed all principal secretaries and secretaries to ensure effective implementation of development agenda of the state.He warned that officers found lax in achieving the fixed target of development would not be spared.He asked the officials to release by August 31 the financial sanction of Rs 310.25 crore received under National Agriculture Development Scheme.Usmani was reviewing the works of various government departments under the government's agenda on Monday.The chief secretary said that kisan credit cards had been distributed to 1.2 lakh farmers so far and now it is the responsibility of the concerning officials to conduct a state-wide survey and ensure distribution of kisan credit cards to the needy farmers through banks.Reviewing the preparations about the three-day International Buddhist Conclave beginning in Varanasi from September 28, Usmani has directed commissioner of Varanasi division to review every week the preparations of the conclave at his own level. All preparations of the conclave should be completed by September 25 at all cost and he himself would review these preparations at his own level in the second week of September, Usmani told the officers.Taking stock of the progress of works for setting up of modern dairy plant based on the state of the art technology, the chief secretary said that chief minister Akhilesh Yadav would soon lay down the foundation stone of the dairy plant having a capacity of 5 lakh litre of milk processing per day.The chief secreatry also said that the dairy plant, which would be completed by March 2015, besides ensuring availability of high quality milk and milk products to the consumers would also help in the socio-economic development of farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15851820", "title": "Here, the residents follow routine in waste management", "text": "BANGALORE: Perhaps these residents are already preparing themselves for the enforcement BBMP will soon enforce-to make segregation of waste at source mandatory. But thanks to some active citizens who took the task upon themselves to clean their neighbourhoods.Areas like RT Nagar, HMT Layout, Anandnagar, Sanjaynagar and Dollars Colony have been practicing segregation at source for over six months now. \"We started a campaign in these few areas, where we give residents a big jute bag and a tag of instructions to follow to help them segregate dry waste and store it for a week. Then as per our schedules of door-to door pick up, we collect the dry wastes and segregate them in the dry waste collection centres (DWCC),\" said Anjana Iyer, trustee, Full Circle Trust.This trust is a not for profit organization where they resident welfare association ( RWA) of these areas work closely with the BBMP to segregate waste and reduce the amount of garbage to be thrown finally. While waste picking for RT Nagar takes place on Tuesdays, Anadnagar's dry waste is picked up from houses on every Wednesdays and Thursdays.Sanjaynagar and Dollars Colony residents hand over their dry waste bags to the pourakarmikas every Saturday and Monday. The Full Circle trustees have earlier announced the dates and timings when the waste bags will be picked on a door-to-door basis in particular areas.These DWCC were handed over to the RWAs from November 2011. The tag which the bag contains says how to simply clean the dry waste, like milk packets of cereal cartons, tetra pack containers, toothpaste tubes and metal cans and then keep it the bag for the week until it is picked up by the waste pickers.\"The wet waste is mixed and cannot be stored for long. We also have not been able to formulate a routine to collect that. Also many people are in to composting in their gardens,\" she said. However, the process helps them reduce burden on BBMP to a great extent. In fact, works are in process to open the DWCC in Ganganagar by first week of September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15881849", "title": "Chitrangada is not just about sexuality: Rituparno", "text": "Rituparno Ghosh's 'Chitrangada' is a contemporary interpretation of Tagore's noted dance drama 'Chitrangada'. Other than Rituparno himself and Jishu, the film also features Raima Sen , Anjan Dutta, Deepankar Dey and others. Rituparno is again back on the screen after 'Arekti Premer Galpo' and this time plays the part of Rudie and Jishu (Partho) who are both part of a drama society and are also lovers. The relationship remains strong until the time Partho becomes a junkie and after that though both want to get out of it, somehow it just doesn't happen.The film is about gender transformation, crossing of mind and soul and about acceptance. The film which has been shown at quite a few film festivals around the world and had its Indian premiere recently at the Osian Film Festival at Delhi, seems to be somewhat about Rituparno's own story though he completely denied it at the press meet at HHI on Thursday. He said, 'The film is not exactly about one's image or the sexuality that one identifies with him, but is about a lot more.' Even Anjan Dutt agreed and said 'The film isn't just about sexuality, but a about a person's identity. A person's identity is not his sexuality, but his work and sexuality should not be relevant over here. It has been like a self retrospect for me even at this age after acting in such a film.'The film which has been produced by Shree Venkatesh Films and has music by Debojyoti Mishra will release on 31st August.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15851032", "title": "TDP playing spoilsport, alleges TRS", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) on Monday charged that the TDP was thwarting formation of Telangana state by bringing in the issue of separate statehood for Rayalaseema at the time when the positive signals were emerging from Delhi on Telangana. TRS leader S Niranjana Reddy said, \"At the outset, it looks like TDP is adopting double standards, but in reality, it is an intelligent political ploy played by Chandrababu Naidu to scuttle the formation of Telangana state.\" While the TDP chief has said his party would send a letter supporting the sentiments of people of Telangana by first week of September, a fellow party man Byreddy Rajashekara Reddy, who has formed Ralayaseema Rashtra Samithi, has demanded that the letter must include the issue of separate statehood for Rayalaseema. Byreddy has even threatened to quit TDP in case the party fails to convince the UPA government that Telangana state is formed only when Rayalaseema is given a separate statehood.Niranjana Reddy lamented the TRS was able to move the Centre on Telangana thanks to its decade-long fight, but the TDP was playing spoilsport with its political gimmickry. \"Our party is getting clear signals from the Delhi on Telangana and we hope an announcement is made in the mid-next month. However, the TDP's move is not only creating confusion but also giving ammunition to anti-Telangana forces pressing for united Andhra Pradesh,\" said he.While the TRS has had put off a three-day party conclave supposed to have held between August 24 and 26, Niranjana Reddy said the postponement was prompted by the positive signals his party chief K Chnadrashekar Rao was receiving from Delhi on Telangana. \"As per the signals we are getting, Telangana will happen. If it is otherwise, we will launch a massive agitation and it is therefore the session is postponed to the second week of September,\" said Niranjana Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15869438", "title": "Two gang rape cases shock Steel City residents", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Two suspected cases of gang rape under the same police station area on Monday has created a flutter among Steel City residents. In the first case, a 12-year-old girl from Belajudi village under the MGM police station area was allegedly raped by the two local youths on Sunday. The villagers nabbed one of the accused, identified as Nikhil, after the victim informed her family about the crime.While the villagers handed over the accused to the police, Niranjan, the other accused, is at large. \"An FIR has been lodged and a detailed investigation into the matter is on,\" said senior police superintendent Akhilesh Jha. The girl has been sent to the government run MGM hospital for medical examination.In the second incident, a 19-year-old tribal girl was allegedly gang raped in Beko village under MGM police station area on Sunday night. The girl, who was missing from her house since Sunday evening, was found unconscious and naked in the bushes by the locals early on Monday. They immediately covered her with clothes and called her family and the police. The victim was rushed to the MGM hospital for medical treatment.\"Once she regains consciousness she will speak up. We suspect gang rape and want the police to probe this angle,\" said victim's brother Shibu Soren after filing an FIR. The police, on the other hand, are waiting for the victim to regain consciousness before launching a man hunt. \"The FIR has been lodged and investigation into the matter is on though no arrest has been made in this case so far,\" Jha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15858988", "title": "'Gowda only worries about sons'", "text": "MYSORE: Lok Sabha member A H Vishwanath has pooh-poohed the remarks of former Prime Minister H D Deve Gowda on the problems dogging the nation. At a rally in Tumkur on Sunday, JD(S) supremo had said that he was worried because of the problems dogging the country.Addressing mediapersons here on Monday, Vishwanath said: \"Gowda, in his political career spanning over 50 years, had never bothered or worried about the people of the state or India. Let him not worry about India as there are people taking good care of the nation. He was only worried about the political future of his sons and family.\"\"At least 11 members of his family are planning to contest the next elections. This - and not country's plight- might have left Gowda worried,\" the MP said sarcastically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15854058", "title": "Meteorological Department sounds heavy rain alert for 2 days", "text": "The Indian Meteorological Department, Mumbai, attributed the latest climatic relief to two reasons. \"The offshore trough running from Maharashtra to Kerala coast has become active,\" said V K Rajeev, the director of the Met department's weather forecast. \"Also, the southwesterly winds flowing from the Arabian Sea are quite strong. These factors together have been responsible for widespread rainfall in Konkan and Goa region since Sunday.\"According to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation, between 8am and 4pm on Monday, areas like Dadar and Parel received 120mm of rain whereas Sion Koliwada received 110mm. Other neighbourhoods such as Wadala, Byculla, Dharavi, Worli and Mankhurd too benefited from strong showers.Monday's reprieve made a reasonable dent on the overall seasonal numbers. Till August 26 this year, Colaba had cumulatively recorded 842mm of rain and Santa Cruz 1,203mm. In contrast, till August 26 last year, Colaba had received 2,168mm (93% of the yearly average rainfall) and Santa Cruz 2,369mm (88% of the annual average).Using the new SMS alert system the meteorological department launched on Monday, it alerted all agencies involved in disaster management of heavy rains over the next two days.\"We have issued a heavy rainfall warning for the next two days as both\u2014the offshore trough and the southwesterly winds\u2014are likely to remain strong. Even after that, we will have to see whether or not such conditions continue,\" said Rajeev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15863683", "title": "Trinamool Chhatra Parishad cadres grab reserved train berths", "text": "KOLKATA: Several passengers, with confirmed sleeper class berths on the 13142 New Alipurduar-Sealdah Teesta-Torsa Express, were not allowed to occupy their seats by members of the Trinamool Chhatra Parishad (TMCP) at the New Jalpaiguri station on Sunday. The students were on their way to Kolkata to celebrate the organization's foundation day today.\"They were already occupying the berths when the train reached NJP and refused to budge. When we asked for their tickets, they showed us their badges, which they said were much more 'powerful' than any ticket,\" a passenger said after getting off at Sealdah on Monday. The passengers lodged complaints with Northeast Frontier Railway officials.Though the Railway Protection Force (RPF and Government Railway Police (GRP personnel went to the compartments, they could not evict the unauthorized occupants.Several passengers with confirmed sleeper class berths on the 13142 New Alipurduar-Sealdah Teesta-Torsa Express on Sunday got a taste of train travel in the badlands of Bihar and Uttar Pradesh where the 'vidyarthi' rules supreme. It wasn't Bihar or Uttar Pradesh but the New Jalpaiguri station in North Bengal which Mamata Banerjee wants to develop into another Switzerland where the passengers weren't allowed to occupy their berths by students belonging to the Trinamool Chhatra Parishad (TMCP). The students were on their way to attend a rally in Kolkata on Tuesday to mark the organisation's foundation day.\"They were already occupying the berths when the train reached NJP and refused to budge. When we asked for their tickets, they showed us their badges, which they said were much more 'powerful' than any ticket. Many of us were travelling with children and elderly relatives but the students refused to relent. They said that we would have to adjust in the berths that they had occupied. Some women managed to sit but the men spent the night sitting on their baggage in the corridor,\" a passenger said after getting off at Sealdah on Monday.The passengers lodged complaints with Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR) officials. Station staff alerted Railway Protection Force (RPF) and Government Railway Police (GRP) personnel who went to the compartment to try and evict the illegal occupants. The men in uniform retreated on coming to know that the goons belonged to an organization of the ruling party. Authorities then told the bonafide passengers that they would try and accommodate them on other trains but most didn't agree to this proposal.\"There was no guarantee that the situation in the other trains would be any better. Moreover, why should we be forced to compromise in spite of having purchased our tickets well in advance,\" another passenger said in Sealdah.Red-faced railway officials admitted that they should have used force to evict the 'unauthorised' people from the reserved compartments. \"The railways can't shrug off its responsibility. The passengers were right in complaining to the railway authorities when they had valid tickets. It was for the authorities to ask for tickets from those occupying the berths and evicting them if they didn't have valid tickets. The authorities were entitled to use whatever means they could,\" one of them said.But then, this is not the first time that passengers with confirmed tickets have been harassed by unauthorized travelers, particularly before a major political event. On Sunday, it was the turn of members of the TMCP. In the past, passengers have suffered in the hands of members of Left mass organizations before any major rally. According to A K Sharma, divisional railway manager of Katihar, security has now been enhanced both on trains and at stations. He, however, denied that anybody had been thrown off a train at the Aluabari station.\"I have received information of the incident. Nobody was thrown off the train but a couple with confirmed tickets did get off at Aluabari after they were denied access to their berths. There was this rush due to some event in Kolkata. Now, we have increased security on trains and stations for the benefit of passengers,\" Sharma said. But for how long? Only time will tell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15865419", "title": "Ranthambore\u2019s green cover expands after torrential rain", "text": "JAIPUR: Fifty-two tigers against a backdrop of lush green undergrowth, springs, waterfalls and brimming water bodies. This and much more await tourists this season at Ranthambore tiger reserve. The torrential rain in the state for the past one week, though threw life out of gear in most places, has added more greenery to the forests in the state.Though the national park is now closed for tourism due to monsoon, it is scheduled to open on October 1. \"Torrential rain has done a world of good to forests in the state. While the water bodies in Ranthambore are overflowing, the rains have virtually turned the reserve into a rainforest. If tourism is ever allowed in the reserves, it will be a treat for the visitors,\" an official said.\"The rain has also added to the green cover of the reserve. With no entry for tourists or vehicles, nothing has been able to disturb the undergrowth in the forests,\"sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15855837", "title": "Lawyer kills sister over family tiff", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 53-year-old lawyer murdered his sister at her house in Dabri Extension in southwest Delhi on Monday afternoon.According to police, Navneet Kumar Gupta strangled Madhukanta (61) over a family dispute and then went to police to confess the crime.He was arrested and a case of murder has been lodged.Gupta lives in Mainpuri, Uttar Pradesh, and had been staying with Madhukanta since the last week. \"They were alone and got into an argument as Gupta accused his sister of interfering in his family affairs. After they had argued for about 15 minutes, Gupta lost his temper and strangled his sister with an electric wire,\" said a police officer.Madhukanta is survived by her husband who works with CPWD and a daughter, a private company employee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15863793", "title": "Boy hit by auto may need surgery", "text": "KOLKATA: Four-year-old Rajkumar Das lay writhing in pain at a Barasat nursing home on Monday, a day after a speeding autorickshaw struck him down and ran over his left foot. Yet to recover from the shock, the child clutched on to his mother and sobbed even as doctors tried to put him on sedatives. Rajkumar might have to undergo a surgery to repair the damage to his bone which has been stripped of flesh. The auto driver is still absconding.The boy, a resident of Hatkhola in Barasat, was on his way to the local Ramakrishna Mission ashram with his brother Uday when an overloaded auto hit them at around 8.30am on Sunday. While both were hurled to the ground, the rear wheels of the vehicle ran over Rajkumar's left foot. The locals had rushed him to the Barasat Hospital from where he had been taken to the RG Kar Hospital. On Sunday night, he was shifted to a nursing home in Barasat.Transport minister Madan Mitra paid a visit to the boy at the nursing home on Monday. He handed over Rs 50,000 to them and assured Rajkumar's father that the Barasat Muinicpality will bear the cost of his treatment. \"I have asked the police to catch the auto driver and initiate penal action as soon as possible,\" Mitra said.Rajkumar's father Sripati Das blamed rash driving for the accident. is yet to overcome the shock.\"My sons visit the ashram every Sunday to fetch prasad. They were crossing the road near the ashram when the auto hit them. No traffic rule is ever followed in the area. It has become extremely risky for pedestrians,\" he said. His neighbours alleged that police remain inactive and take no measure against rash driving.\"There have been several minor accidents in recent weeks. Early mornings are especially dangerous since traffic policemen are nowhere to be found,\" said Bijoy Bairagi, a local resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15867087", "title": "Wife consent must for sperm donation?", "text": "LONDON: A British woman whose husband donated sperm secretly has called for a change in law since sperm is a 'marital asset' and wants clinics to obtain the wife's consent before the husband can donate sperm. The Surrey-based woman has not been named in the Daily Mail, but she reportedly fears that children fathered with the sperm \u2014 who would be half-brothers or sisters of her son \u2014 may one day 'disrupt' the family by getting in touch. The businesswoman has written to the Human Fertilization and Embryology Authority calling for guidelines on sperm donation to include the spouse's views, and says sperm should be treated as a joint 'marital asset'. The tabloid reported on Monday that a controversial ruling in 2005 meant that children born through sperm donation \u2014 up to ten families are allowed per donor \u2014 have the right to trace their biological father when they reach adulthood.In a letter to the fertility authority, the woman wrote that if the children her husband fathers \u2014 to help infertile couples or single women \u2014 contacted her in the future, she would 'not feel able to push them away' . The businesswoman wrote, \"Despite my contacting the clinic (I never received an acknowledgement), this sperm may already have been used to father children who in 18 years' time may come knocking on our door, disrupting family life and unsettling our own children.\" She wants that the procedure for sperm donation \"should also include the wife or partner being asked about their views and signalling consent. I think it is a decision both parties should make. It (the sperm) must be some sort of marital asset\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15849933", "title": "Ex-CM moves HC over CBI\u2019s jurisdiction", "text": "MUMBAI: Former CM Ashok Chavan has challenged the CBI's jurisdiction to probe the Adarsh case. He filed a petition in the Bombay high court on Monday, raising the challenge on the grounds that the issue concerned only the state as even the land on which the building stands belongs to the state. Chavan has denied he gave any permission for civilians' entry into the society.Chavan, who had to step down as CM in 2010, is among the 14 accused named by the CBI which registered the case against those allegedly involved in the scam surrounding the 31-storey Adarsh co-op housing society that came up on a plot adjacent to the defence establishment in south Mumbai. He is the second among the accused after former top IAS officer P V Deshmukh to move the HC against the CBI's jurisdiction in handling the case for lack of any consent from the state government.Chavan's petition said that the CBI lacks power to probe the criminal case as there is no mandatory consent from the Maharashtra government for a probe by the central agency. Nor was any request made by the state for such a probe by the CBI, it said. The case against Adarsh society was first filed before the ACB and the state made no request to the CBI to take over as required under Section 5 of the Delhi Special Police Establishment Act that governs the functioning and powers of the CBI, it argued.It is learnt that the ex-CM's petition also relies on the findings of the two-member judicial commission set up by the state to look into the land title and other issues related to Adarsh. It quoted the commission's recent findings that the land allotted to the society actually belonged to the state and not the defence ministry. As the land also belongs to the state, there is no question of a CBI probe, the writ contends. The CM's role is limited to allegedly \"permitting\" civilians to become Adarsh members to let his relatives become members while he was revenue minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15853117", "title": "Hospital at Burari gets govt nod", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government on Monday decided to set up a 200-bed hospital at Burari in north Delhi as part of efforts to ramp up health infrastructure in the city.A decision in this regard was taken at a Cabinet meeting presided over by chief minister Sheila Dikshit. \"We have decided to set up a 200-bed hospital in Burari area to improve medical facilities,\" Dikshit said.Health minister A K Walia said the Cabinet had approved a budget of Rs 200 crore for construction of the building. The government plans to begin work on seven other hospitals this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15863087", "title": "Court rejects surrender plea of LACCFED scam accused", "text": "LUCKNOW: Additional chief judicial magistrate Ravi Kant has rejected the surrender application of LACCFED scam accused Anil Kumar Agarwal , as no body appeared in the court to press it. The court also issued non-bailable warrant against two other accused Sushil Katiar and Pravin Singh.It has fixed August 28 for hearing on surrender application of another accused VP Singh.The investigating officer told the court that names of Sushil, Pravin and VP Singh has come into light and there is enough evidence against them.He sought non-bailable warrant and direction to attach their property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15851338", "title": "HC hearings over death rap to Pune rape accused begin", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai and Pune were two places in the state where women could walk on the streets without fear at any hour, observed the Bombay high court on Monday as it began hearing appeals against the death rap given to two persons in the 2007 rape and murder of a Pune BPO employee.On November 1, 2007, Jyotikumari Chaudhary (22), who worked with Wipro's BPO at Hinjewadi, Pune, was raped and killed by the driver of the car hired by her company and his friend. The driver was supposed to drop her at work for her night shift. The case sent shockwaves throughout Pune, particularly in the IT sector, which has gained roots there.A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and P D Kode was hearing appeals by Purushottam Borate (then 26) and Pradeep Kokade (20) challenging the March 20, 2012 order of the sessions court as also the confirmation of the death sentence. The sessions court, calling it \"the rarest of rare cases\" and \"pre-planned\", said the case was identical to the Dhananjay Chatterjee case, in which a minor was raped and murdered.Defence advocate Rahul Kate began reading evidence of the spot and inquest panchnama, evidence of the complainant as also of the person who discovered Jyotikumari's body the next day at 7.30am. Public prosecutor Revati Dere, who appeared along with assistant public prosecutor Prajakta Shinde, submitted that Jyotikumari was \"tiny (sic) and frail and was easily overpowered\" by the duo.Even as the court was rising for the day, Justice Kanade lamented the decline of safety in Mumbai and Pune. He said that in north India, women cannot walk safely out of their homes after 7pm, which was not the case in Maharashtra. Brutal assaultOn November 1, 2007, Jyotikumari Chaudhary (22), an employee at Wipro's BPO at Hinjewadi, Pune, was raped and killed by the driver of a car hired by her company and his friend. The driver was supposed to drop her at work for her night shift.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15858723", "title": "Ex-Team Anna rift widens as Kiran Bedi continues to back BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid signs of a deepening rift former Team Anna member Kiran Bedi on Monday continued her public support of BJP accentuating the differences with her colleagues, Arvind Kejriwal and Prashant Bhushan. This comes a day after she skipped the protest - Kejriwal's gherao plan targeting BJP president Nitin Gadkari's residence along with the residences of PM Manmohan Singh and Congress president Sonia Gandhi.Bedi tweeted, \"BJP is confirming need for SIT in Coalgate. Something for which Team Anna held hunger fast. What if they lent support then?\"She also reiterated that India Against Corruption (IAC) agitation should have pressed for the PM's resignation over coal block allocation \"instead of bracketing all in Coalgate'.'She tweeted, \"Instead of bracketing all in Coalgate, demonstration of yesterday (Sunday) should have been for PM's resignation! PM has breached national trust!\"Significantly, the ex-IPS officer has in fact echoed the stand taken by BJP in stalling Parliament proceedings. Monday was the fifth day when BJP did not allow Parliament to function pressing its demand for Singh's resignation.Asked if she was unhappy with the way the IAC movement was heading, Bedi said, \"I certainly wish this movement had remained the way it was \u2014 as a national movement.\"\"When you speak for an issue for which that party (BJP) also stands today doesn't mean that you have joined the party, or the party has incorporated you. The country must get used to independent voices... without aligning them up with interests and commitments. The country also has independent people they have nothing to gain but their own conviction to promote,\" Bedi said.Bedi had not joined the IAC agitation as she felt the target of the protesters should only be the ruling Congress. She said she was \"only for focus of the movement to hold the party in power accountable. They alone have the power to replace the rotten system\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15856994", "title": "Queen's Baton Relay scam: 3 Organizing Committee officials, Patel asked to appear in court on Nov 27", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Monday summoned for November 27 three former Commonwealth Games (CWG) Organizing Committee officials and a UK-based businessman in a corruption case related to the 2009 Queen's Baton Relay (QBR) in London ahead of the 2010 Commonwealth Games.Special Judge Talwant Singh also issued the summons to two UK firms while taking cognizance of the CBI charge sheet against them. Those who have been summoned from the CWG OC include former OC joint director general T S Darbari, deputy director general Sanjay Mahendroo and treasurer M Jaychandran.London-based businessman Ashish Patel and his two firms \u2014 A M Car and Van Hire Ltd and A M Films \u2014 have also been summoned as accused by the court. \"I have gone through the documents filed with the charge sheet. There is sufficient material to take cognizance of the offences mentioned in the charge sheet against the four accused persons and two companies,\" the judge said.The judge fixed November 27 as the next date of hearing after the CBI's investigating officer (IO) informed that Patel and the two firms are based in the UK and it would take around three months to serve them summonses through the ministry of external affairs (MEA).The accused have been booked for various offences under the IPC, including those of criminal conspiracy, cheating and forgery besides the violations of the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.The court said apart from serving summonses to the three UK-based accused through the MEA, the agency should also send the summonses through international registered post or fax or e-mail.The CBI had lodged two separate cases against the ex-OC officials but had filed a combined charge sheet in the court.Darbari, Mahendroo and Jaychandran were earlier arrested in 2010, but were released on bail as the CBI had not been able to file the charge sheet within the statutory time limit of 60 days after the arrest of the accused in corruption cases.The agency, in its charge sheet, has said the OC members had conspired to award contracts for local transportation and other services to Patel's firms at exorbitant rates during the QBR event. The former OC officials have been booked for alleged irregularities in payments made to A M Car and Van Hire Ltd for transportation services during the QBR. While A M Films was entrusted with installing three video screens near the Buckingham Palace, A M Cars was given the contract for providing logistics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15863849", "title": "Limiting access to India Gate on security grounds is beyond reasonable precautions", "text": "While there is no dispute that security is an important consideration in today's terror-affected world, there are limits to how much we should allow it to disrupt normal life. Limiting access to a public place like India Gate on the grounds of security is clearly well beyond reasonable precautions. Anybody familiar with the capital can testify to how important this spot is as a place where families hang out and picnic. To deny them that right is to take away an important part of the collective life of this city. Indeed, security threats succeed not only when they do damage in the form of blasts or assassinations. They succeed also when they force us to sacrifice normal freedoms. Let us not grant them this major victory.Related story: Limit public access to India Gate: Cops", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15863463", "title": "One held for misbehaving with cops", "text": "One person was arrested by Panaji police for allegedly misbehaving with the policemen on duty during nakabandhi in the capital city on Saturday night. Police said Jagdish Khairwar, 27, who was driving a truck,was stopped for checking by the police near Rego hotel at Patto, Panaji. On suspicion that he was driving under the influence of alcohol, the policemen asked for his driving licence. But he refused to show the license and allegedly pushed the constable and \"obstructed them from performing their duties as public servant\", a statement by the police said. Following the complaint by constable on duty, Rochan Martins, the truck driver was arrested after a case under Section 353 and 186 of IPC was booked against him. Khairwar was remanded to judicial custody.Navelim forum to support demand for special status: The Navelim civic and consumer forum at its monthly meeting held on August 26 unanimously resolved to support the 'Movement for special status for Goa' (MSSG) in 'the struggle for getting special status for Goa'. \"All true Goans irrespective of religion, cast or creed are unanimous in their opinion that we need to protect our land, our language, our culture and ethos, our businesses and financial powers for which this provision of special status in very important. And the earlier we achieve it, the lesser will be the damage. Therefore, we request the chief minister to put this issue on the priority list before Goa is completely lost,\" states an NCCF press note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15855495", "title": "Mumbai's air has become more toxic over a year", "text": "MUMBAI: The air you breathe has worsened over the last year. The levels of harmful and carcinogenic compounds like benzopyrene and nickel have seen a rise and, more worryingly for you, in some places in the city the levels have crossed the permissible limits.Marawali (Chembur) recorded the highest level of benzopyrene at 1.2 ng/m3, while it was 0.9 ng/m3 in Bhandup. The CPCB ( Central Pollution Control Board) standard is 1 ng/m3. The highest annual average nickel level in the atmosphere at 33ng/m3 was recorded at Marawali; it's 23 ng/m3 in Worli. The permissible level is 20 ng/m3. Andheri and Bhandup stand at 17ng/m3.Experts say these carcinogens can cause cancer of the respiratory tract and the voice box as they are absorbed while breathing. Long-time exposure could also lead to irreversible genetic disorders.The BMC's recently released environment status report (2011-2012) also shows that the levels of pollutants like sulphur dioxide (SO2), nitrogen dioxide (NO2), suspended particulate matter (SPM) and ammonia (NH3) have seen a sharp rise at all the six sites where they are monitored-Worli, Khar, Bhandup, Andheri, Marawali and Borivli.Experts attribute the alarming deterioration of air quality to the increase in number of vehicles, construction activities, traffic snarls and reduction of green cover in the city.SPM levels have crossed permissible limits in all the six stations, while NO2 levels have also crossed the CPCB standards in all the monitoring stations expect at Borivli. The SPM level is the highest at Marawali at 760 ig/m3 as against 642 ig/m3 last year. A staggering 88% of the samples here have crossed the CPCB limit of 140ig/m3. Bhandup and Andheri recorded SPM levels at 273 ig/m3 and 238 ig/m3 against 198 ig/m3 and 203 ig/m3 last year.Ammonia levels have shown the highest rise in Andheri, where the annual average is 56 ig/m3 as against 40 ig/m3 last year-which is also the CPCB standard.According to the report, Mumbai's car population that is growing by 5.6% annually is a prime culprit. The city had 19.09 lakh vehicles in January this year compared to 18.06 lakh last year. The report said that emphasis should be laid on building more flyovers, better public transport and widening of roads to reduce congestion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15860765", "title": "Puducherry CM writes to PM on Cauvery water", "text": "CHENNAI: Puducherry chief minister N Rangasamy requested Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who is also the chairperson of the Cauvery River Authority, to convene a meeting on the sharing of Cauvery water among the three beneficiary states. In his letter to Singh on Monday, he pointed out that Puducherry has not received its share of water as per the interim award passed in 1991. The Karaikal region is supposed to receive 6tmcft of water between June and January every year. The water realisation of Cauvery distribution at Karaikal region depends on the release of water through Mettur dam of Tamil Nadu which in turn depends on the release from Krishnarajasagar dam in Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15861763", "title": "Ragging case: Police yet to take action against accused", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The parents of a girl, who is the victim of a ragging incident at a college in the city, are planning to move court as the police are yet to nab the culprits behind the incident.\"The police have already identified the accused but they have not made any arrests,\" alleged the parents. They said that the police were reluctant to arrest the culprits as the prime accused in case, Jithu Muhammed, was the relative of a minister.\"The college authorities and local people have extended their support for our move,\" said Roshna Noushad, the girl's mother.The incident related to the case occurred on August 7. Shaniba, a first-year associate degree programme in commerce student at the JDT Islam Community College, Vellimadukunnu, was brutally assaulted allegedly by four senior male students of the college and was admitted to a private hospital in city with serious head injuries.Following the incident, Shaniba lodged a complaint with Chevayur police. At the same time, the anti-ragging cell of the college collected statements from students who witnessed the incident and gave a list of four students to the police.Cases were registered against Jithu Muhammed, Shaheer, Faiz and Riyaz; all second-year degree students of the college, under section 4 of the Kerala Prohibition of Ragging Act 1998 (punishable by imprisonment up to two years).The college authorities also suspended the four accused from the college. But they are yet to be arrested allegedly due to political pressure on police.Meanwhile, assistant commissioner of police (north) Biji George, said that the investigation was on and the police had intensified the search for the accused in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "15851108", "title": "5 fraud cases against duo, associates", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The Vashi police have registered a case against a real estate dealer, his wife and three associates for allegedly duping several builders and investors of Rs 100 crore between 2004 and 2012. All five accused allegedly managed to escape before they could be arrested. This is the fifth case to be filed against the accused in Navi Mumbai.\"Five cases have been lodged against Bachewar and his associates,\" Navi Mumbai police chief A K Sharma said. On August 22, victim Sunil Lohariya lodged a complaint with the Vashi police, alleging that Bachewar had duped him of over Rs 1.85 crore. \"I had to approach the HC to get my complaint registered. Only after that were cases registered at different police stations on acknowledgement of the complaints of different victims,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15864413", "title": "Palliative care centre soon", "text": "INDORE: Indian Institute of Head and Neck Oncology is planning to start a Palliative Care Centre for head and neck cancer patients in Indore possibly within a month. They project was finalized at a meeting held in the presence of Dr Nagesh Simha, president of Indian Association of Palliative Care, Bangalore, on Monday.A 24-bedded hospice, known as Kripalaya V is built with the support of Padma Keshav Charitable Trust of Indore. This will be the first dedicated hospice focusing on patients with head and neck cancers in India.The meeting was also attended by Dr Vandana Jain, chief radiotherapist, Dr Suresh Verma, director of Palliative care center, C M Dagaonkar, chairman planning and development, Dr Amit Joshi and Vikas Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15879918", "title": "Kajal to be paired opposite Jiiva?", "text": "The latest buzz to hit the tinsel town is that beautiful actress Kajal Aggarwal would be paired opposite Jiiva in cinematographer Ravi K Chandran's debut film Yaan. Production sources hint that Kajal Aggarwal is strongly being considered for the female lead in the film instead of a Bollywood actress.However, director Ravi K Chandran said that he's yet to narrate the script to Kajal since she's shooting abroad and things would be finalized only after she's back in India.Ravi, who cranked the camera for top films like Dil Chatha Hai and Rang De Basanti, would shoot the film in Tamil, Telugu and Hindi. Harris Jayaraj will score the music for this film, which would be produced by Elred Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15860469", "title": "Incessant rain spoils civic body plan to relay Kochi roads", "text": "KOCHI: Incessant rain in the last few days have forced the Kochi Corporation to postpone its plan to relay the key roads in the city during the Onam holidays.The civic body had after lots of deliberations came to the conclusion that the holidays were the right time to repair the potholed roads. According to Soumini Jain, chairperson of the works standing committee, during holidays the traffic volume on roads is low and it is the apt time to carry out road repair works.As per the plan, the local body had decided to relay the last stretch of Market Road, Warriam Road, Karakkat Road, Carrier Station Road, Vivekananda Road (up to south railway station), Chammany Road, a stretch of Chittoor Road up to Ravipuram, ESI Road and Sebastian Road.Now the civic body has decided to start the road works as soon as the rain spell ends. \"All major roads in west Kochi have to be repaired. Most of the relaying works will be carried out by the Kerala State Construction Corporation (KSCC),\" said Jain.Earlier, the Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) had relayed 13 city roads to facilitate smooth diversion of traffic during the demolition and reconstruction of north railway overbridge. The KMRL had ensured that the roads were re-laid with a minimum guarantee of three years.With the Emerging Kerala Summit round the corner, the civic body has been facing criticism for not taking steps to make the city more hospitable. Most arterial roads of the city are potholed and the footpaths are in a dilapidated state.Meanwhile, the corporation officials have made it clear that they would not be able to complete the road repair works before September 13, the day on which the Prime Minister is expected to visit the city to lay the foundation stone of Kochi Metro and also to inaugurate the Emerging Kerala Summit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15858302", "title": "Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation takes green way to lighting", "text": "HUBLI: An increasing burden of electricity bills has prompted the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) to consider replacing all streetlights with CFLs.The HDMC pays an electricity bill of Rs 8 crore annually.The twin cities have more than 40,000 streetlights. The HDMC hopes to save about 40% energy and Rs 3 crore in electricity bills by using CFLs and LED lamps. After getting a nod from Hescom engineers, the HDMC will replace incandescent bulbs with CFLs and LED lamps.HDMC now uses tubelights, sodium vapour lamps, mercury vapour lamps, high-mast installations and other bulbs for illumination.The HDMC has held meetings with engineers and electrical department professors regarding installation of CFL lamps.They all have welcomed the move, and are preparing reports about the benefits of adopting energy-saving lighting. Hescom is finalizing reports to be submitted to HDMC, according to a source.Satish Phatke, HDMC executive engineer, told TOI: \"The HDMC is considering replacing existing bulbs with energy-efficient lamps. We are waiting for reports from Hescom. We will finalize the project once we receive them.\"HDMC engineers say the energy-saving initiative can be started as a pilot project in some part of the twin cities. \"We can can extend the project to all the 67 wards of Hubli-Dharwad after studying its benefits.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15880933", "title": "Puja number with encore flavour", "text": "Dhaker taaley, komor doley, the Durga Puja number from Poran Jaye Joliya Re, is still a mustplay song during the Pujas. It is now set to get an encore with Raja Chanda's Challenge 2 set to feature another song with the Pujas as its theme. Leads Dev and Puja, along with other cast members, will shake a leg in the song sequence.\"The song takes place just before the climax and is crucial to the plot. It has been penned by Priyo Chatterjee. Dev, Puja, Tapas Paul and others will be seen dancing to the song. Jeet Gannguli has scored the music while Abhijeet and Shreya Ghoshal have lent their voices to it. It captures Ma Durga's journey from bodhon to bisarjan. The film moves a few steps forwards through the song. With C2 releasing during the Pujas this song will add a new dimension to the film,\" informed Shrikant Mohta from Shree Venkatesh Films Pvt. Ltd.Dev, who is excited about the song said, \"I can't wait for the shoot to start. I've only been dancing in the midst of snow-capped mountains and tall buildings. I plan to have full-on masti with the song sequence. In Dhaker taaley, I didn't follow any of the choreographed steps and impro vised. I hope I can do the same this time as well. The song is melodious and goes like Maa er alta payer chhonwa peye dhonno holo dhoroni.\"Said Jeet, \"Both Shreya and Abhijeet have done a brilliant job. I have used the sound of dhak as the background music to add that Puja flavour.\" Abhishek Dutta is designing the costumes for this sequence. He informed, \"Keeping Durga Puja in mind, I have designed the costumes for Dev and Puja. Dev will be sporting different types of colourful dhotis with angrakha kurtas i n red and off-white. Puja too will be flaunting choli blouses with three quarter sleeves teamed with traditional saris.\"  Abhijeet, who has done the male playback and has also tried his hand at the dhak, said, \"Since the song follows bodhon to bisarjan, I have had to modulate my voice accordingly to reflect the emotional spectrum.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "15858939", "title": "Unique scheme for sugarcane transporters", "text": "BHANDARA: With a view to empower persons engaged in agriculture allied activities in the district, Vainganga Sugar and Power Ltd, Devada has taken an initiative to help landless farmers engaged in cutting and transportation of sugarcane for procuring an additional four-wheel trolley for their tractor trailers and also a pair of bullocks.The sugar factory will stand guarantor for the loan taken for purchasing the trolley. In six months, the beneficiary will be owner of the trolley on repayment of the loan amount that will be deducted from the transportation bill. Also, through this venture, 5,000 labourers are set to gain employment in the sugarcane season.Since the sugar industry is dependent on services of cultivators, truck, tractor operators and labourers, the management of the factory, which was commissioned last year, decided to help people engaged in transporting sugarcane from the fields to the factory. Since they have only one trolley attached to their tractors, the factory will help them in buying an additional four-wheeled trolley.Initially, the factory has selected 125 tractor trolley owners for the scheme. The factory will stand guarantor for the loan of Rs1.5 lakh from the Bank of India. This will benefit the tractor trolley owners during the crushing season as they will be able to transport sugarcane in two trolleys attached to the same tractor, thereby reducing the cost. They will be able to transport 14/15 metric tonne sugarcane daily in only one trip.Moreover, each trolley gives employment to 20 labourers engaged in cutting, loading and unloading of sugarcane. So, two trolleys will require 40 labourers who will be getting Rs250 as daily wage. This way, nearly 5000 labourers will get employment for six months. Next month, the factory plans to add 25 more tractor trolley owners to the scheme.Sadhu Dhondu Kapgate of Umari village and Rajesh Lahanu Kapgate of Shendurwafa village said they never dreamt of buying additional trolley. \"Next year, we will purchase two trolleys and a new tractor,\" they added.In another scheme, the sugar factory will be give rubber wheeled cart and Rs30,000 for purchasing a pair of bullocks to 15 landless farmers from village Mundhari (Khurd). The money will be recovered by deducting some amount from the transportation bill. After full repayment, the beneficiary will become the owner of these bullocks. Moreover, two persons are employed on one bullock cart. They will get Rs300 as daily wage. The factory won't charge any rent for the rubber wheeled cart and plans to add another 10 beneficiaries to the scheme. Bharat Shankar Gondole of Mundhari (Khurd) said this way he will be able to realize the dream of owning a pair of bullocks.Managing director of Purti sugar and power group, Sudhir Dive said their sugar factories will continue to make all possible attempts to empower farmers and other farm labourers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15862534", "title": "Admin scores brownie points with locals", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa collector's novel initiative of taking the administration to the people's doorsteps, seems to have worked successfully.At the two-day camp held at Gaondongorim in Canacona on August 25-26, a large number of villagers availed the benefits of the various welfare schemes.Speaking to TOI, collector N D Agarwal said the camp saw an amount of over 1 crore, by way of schemes, sanctioned to beneficiaries.The agriculture department topped the list by sanctioning amounts of approximately 67,50,00 for purchasing weed cutters, power tillers, tractors and other machinery.Voicing his satisfaction over the successful organization of the camp, Agarwal said that it was teamwork of the staff of the district administration that led to the success of the camp.Attestations of over 4,500 documents were done at the camp, said officials.\"As the lone mamlatdar was unable to handle such a large volume of documents, I called in two executive magistrates the next day by extending their jurisdictions for a day by issuing a special order under CrPC,\" Agarwal said.While over 1,000 applications received at the camp were disposed on the spot, some 300-odd applications are being processed.Deputy collector and Canacona SDM Prashant Shirodkar said villagers of Gaondongorim and Cotigao benefitted immensely from the camp.Canacona mamlatdar Sudin Natu said the objective of the camp was achieved as most of the applications received at the camp were processed on the spot and cheques disbursed.\"The villagers were saved of making a number of trips to the Canacona sub-divisional office or the various offices of other departments to prepare the required documents to claim the schemes,\" Natu explained.At the helpdesk set up at the camp, the prospective beneficiaries were guided by the official staff with regard to the schemes they could avail.\"Usually, in government offices, the villagers often find the environment intimidating and are therefore put off. Here, as the camp was held in their own village, the people were quite at ease and spoke frankly to the officers which in turn helped us to understand their difficulties and offer help,\" said an officer who participated in the camp.Besides Agarwal, additional collector, Y B Tavde also stayed at the camp site to supervise the functioning. \"More such camps will be organized in rural areas,\" Agarwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15852467", "title": "Despite new law, extended deadline, school buses still not safe?", "text": "NAGPUR: None of the 400 odd school buses in the city have the transport department's compliance certificate. School buses across the state were required to make mandatory modifications in keeping with the school bus safety policy by August 31, or face penal action.Among other things, the policy mandates fire extinguishers, emergency exits, attendants, first-aid kits and window rods as per specifications in all school buses. In the absence of compliance certificates, the lives of schoolchildren travelling in such buses could be at risk.Confirming this, city regional traffic officer Serjerao Shelke told TOI that there are 400 buses registered to ferry schoolchildren. However, not a single bus had obtained the compliance certificate in accordance with the school bus safety policy.The policy lays down 28 general conditions for school bus contract carriage permit. As per rules, school buses have to be painted yellow, while private buses carrying schoolchildren will have to sport yellow bands.It is mandatory for buses to be equipped with first aid boxes, fire extinguishers, convex cross view mirrors for the driver, hand rails, low floor doors, emergency exits and speed governors so buses cannot go faster than 40 kmph within city limits.The RTO is planning to crack the whip on school buses flouting norms from September 1. It wants to ensure that the buses have been modified for the safety of children.Presently, only four of the 400 buses have installed speed governors. The RTO officials, however, refused to divulge the name of the operator or schools that have installed the speed governor.The deadline for installing speed governors was August 31, but has been extended to October 31, Shelke said. He, however, clarified that school buses will get 'temporary permits' even if they fail to install speed governors. But the operator will not get a fitness certificate to ply the bus.Sanjay Jog, president of school bus owners association in Nagpur, admitted that school bus operators might not have obtained compliance certificates from the RTO, but claimed that most school buses in the city have already started implementing the safety bus policy. \"Most buses have installed fire extinguishers and started keeping first aid boxes etc,\" he said.To a query, he clarified that as school session has begun, bus operators have failed to obtain compliance certificates. \"It will be done soon,\" he said.Those found flouting the rules can be booked under the Motor Vehicles Act and fined up to Rs4,000. The RTO even has powers to cancel permits if bus owners are found repeating the offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15864123", "title": "Few takers for new variety of onions", "text": "NASHIK: There are few takers for the new variety of onions developed by the National Horticulture Research and Development Foundation (NHRDF) in Nashik district owing to the lack of interest shown by agriculture officials.The new variety does not require transplantation and matures in two months as against four months required by the traditional varieties. It has been developed to overcome the possible scarcity that is two months later as the traditional Kharif onion crop that is expected to be harvested in two months has been affected by a truant monsoon.According to officials, the new variety of onion bulblets are popular in Gujarat and Rajasthan, but have failed to evoke the expected response in Nashik- the largest onion producing district in the country.\"We have onion bulblets, ready to be sown and harvested in just 70-days. Unfortunately, the agriculture department has not paid much attention towards the fact that this will not only help farmers get cash crop in turbulent times, but also support the supply of onion during the Kharif harvest,\" RC Gupta, the director of NHRDF, said.\"The local agriculture officers have not paid heed to the new variety which generally in demand in Gujarat, Rajasthan and Haryana. This produce is also supplied to agriculture in Delhi and other northern states,\" Gupta said.However, superintending agricultural officer (SAO) of the state government, Nashik, Madhukar Panhale said that he would go to NHRDF office soon and find out about the new variety of onion. \"We have no details of the bulblets but would soon go to NHRDF office and see what we can do. We have several schemes which we can take to the farmers and organize tours for them, if required,\" he said.Gupta, however, said, \"Considering that time left before the October is just round the corner, the season is now open for the maximum next 20 days only. If the agriculture officers put forth the demand, a maximum of 300 quintals of bulblets can be made available within 10 days from the date of order placed. Thus, their decision has to be made really quickly.\" the NHRDF official said.Incidentally, the NHRDF has already begun distributing onion seeds in all major onion growing regions of the country. It has already distributed 300 quintals across the country, including 15-16 quintals in Nashik district. Accordingly, 12,000 acres are expected to be under the new direct deeding technology all over the country by August end and the harvest is expected by the end of October.Satish Bhonde, NHRDF's additional director, said, \"We want to overcome the possible shortage in onion production by using the direct seeding technology(of the new variety that does not require transplantation). We have appealed to farmers to utilize the new technology. Around two kg seeds are required for one acre and the productivity is around 60-70 quintals. The seeds cost Rs 350 per kg,\" Bhonde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15857385", "title": "Noida Extension: Developers asked to start work on units \u2018immediately\u2019", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The Greater Noida Industrial Development Authority (GNIDA) has decided to not lose any more time and ordered developers to resume construction work in Noida Extension immediately. This direction comes as all pre-conditions to resume construction work in the area have been finally met.In a meeting on Monday with 25 major developers, Greater Noida Authority CEO Rama Raman directed them to resume all stalled construction work with \"immediate effect.\" Raman also asked them to start paying their due instalments for the period between October 21, 2011 and August 2012 so that the Authority can resume halted development work.The developers owe the Authority a total of about Rs 20,000 crore as instalment for the land allotted to them in Noida Extension almost three years ago. However, as per the initial agreement, the entire amount is to be paid to the Authority in instalments spread over eight years.GNIDA has already collected nearly Rs 300 crore from the developers. However, following the Allahabad high court order on October 21, 2011, directing developers and GNIDA to stop work in Noida Extension, most developers stopped paying the due instalments. Developers owe the Authority around Rs 1,000 crore for the period between October 21, 2011 and now.However, the Authority has not given any deadline to the developers to pay up and has also assured them that no interest will be charged from them on the due instalments. This respite of the 'zero period' will also be applicable to buyers regarding their instalments due to the developers.In a meeting with homebuyers in the evening, Raman assured them that developers will not hike the rates for existing investors. The Authority has also decided to call a meeting with leading banks to assure them of the marketability of Noida Extension projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15854572", "title": "Tension in Gultekdi after clash between two groups", "text": "PUNE: Tension prevailed in Gultekdi near Swargate following a scuffle between two groups on Sunday night. The miscreants damaged a Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited bus by pelting stones.The Swargate police arrested 10 persons on the charges of rioting on Monday. They were produced before the court and remanded in police custody till August 29.Senior police inspector Ram Pathare said that the incident took place at Indiranagar in Gultekdi around 10.30 pm. A group of people attacked the members of a Ganesh Mandal who were holding a meeting. \"Both groups started pelting stones at each other. They also threw stones at the vehicles on the road,\" Pathare said.Deputy commissioner of police (zone-II) Ramnath Pokale and deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhare rushed to the spot and brought the situation under control. A large number of policemen were deployed in the area and several suspects were detained.On Monday too, there was heavy police in the area to avert any untoward incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15852209", "title": "Entrepreneurship, at the click of a mouse", "text": "NAGPUR: All ambitious persons dream of owning an enterprise and running it successfully. A generation ago, several such ambitions never came to fruition due to the want of physical resources, like capital and location. Today, the internet has erased many of these hurdles for entrepreneurs.College students, MBAs and engineers alike are joining the ever-growing tribe of entrepreneurs using the World Wide Web to start and run businesses. Interestingly, many of these services were born out of the difficulties faced by these new-age businessmen themselves. While fulfilling their ambitions, these new-age businessmen are trying to make life easier for other denizens of the virtual world.So, they have come to offer services like developing customized software for small enterprises, linking all engineers across the globe, and enabling one to order food, books or sundry household items with just a few clicks.Having ridden the first wave of internet popularity in the 90s, Shreesh Vakil is slightly senior than other internet entrepreneurs. He had tried his hands at a start-up with a couple of friends back then, but shut shop when the internet bubble burst. \"I took up a corporate job after that, and five years later, I was itching to do something new and came to Nagpur to handle the new centre of an IT giant. When the company later asked me to move out, I didn't have the heart to leave my hometown again,\" he recounts.The thrill of starting up anew got to Shreesh and he started working on another venture, which has become quite successful now. Office Box makes customized software for the TSME (Tiny, Small and Medium Enterprises) in the country.Animesh Jaipurkar's story is similar. After a four-year stint at corporate jobs, he came back to the city to do something of his own. \"Having lived away from the city for all these years, I had no idea what was going on here. I wondered if others who moved out for jobs or education faced this difficulty too,\" he explained, and then thought up his news portal MH31. When he started off, many people asked him many questions, including if he would actually be able to make money. \"Since not much investment or physical infrastructure is required, an internet-based venture is a good option for those with lesser capital,\" he said.Like many others on this list, some inconvenience made Tajinder Singh Kalsi come up with the idea of a food portal 'Hungry Nagpur', where one can order from some of the best restaurants of the city online. \"Many times I would crave for some particular dishes from my favourite eateries, but was too lazy or busy to actually go and satisfy my craving,\" he said. \"Though not a new or revolutionary concept, it sure is the first-of-its-kind service in Orange City,\" he said.Wishing to replicate and contribute to projects he saw on shows like Extreme Machines, Kaustubh Katdare set out to launch a networking site for those interested in engineering, called CrazyEngineers. \"We have people from over 180 countries, sharing problems, discussing projects and contributing thousands of new ideas every day. It gives exposure to new ideas and makes interaction with like-minded people beyond borders easier,\" he says.The site has received a pat on the back from several renowned scientists. The man who was derided when he launched the site is regarded with huge respect since the site's success.These sites also depend on the same medium, the internet, for increasing their popularity. \"We are mostly dependent on word of mouth publicity, but pages and following on social networking sites also help a lot to put a number to this popularity,\" said Pushkar Thakre, one of the founders of an online library called www.getabook.in. Online surveys and quotes or extracts from books also help, too.Along with friends Nishant Modak and Yamini Girey, who are working in other cities where such services abound, Pushkar says the library is their way of giving back to the city of their birth.Another software junkie who took inspiration from the mundane events of life to build up an online resource for many is Pankaj Khobragade. \"During a water cooler discussion, I realized that I was not the only one who's being yelled at by my wife for not helping out at home. Most of us were stuck to our computers most of the day, and so found no time to go shopping. So, I came up with www.kiranashoppe.com,\" he says. Since setting up a service based website called for good knowledge of the people and the city, he decided to start at Nagpur, though he was working in Hyderabad.Khobragade believes that the internet is a bigger phenomenon in India due to its huge population, which can also be an advantage. Yet, the ever-growing number of desi netizens makes Pankaj more confident about his venture. For those who wish to set up their own enterprise, he has a simple advice, start early. \"College or fresh out of college is the best phase to invest in a start-up,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15863708", "title": "Rains and wind save residents from power cuts for now", "text": "COIMBATORE: Residents of Coimbatore heave a sigh of relief as the power supply has improved in the last two days. The rain in catchment areas and increase in the production of wind energy have decreased the frequency of unscheduled power cuts in the city.Coimbatore region was blacked out a few days ago as the wind energy production came down to 300 MW, leading to power cuts for more than 11 hours a day.However, the situation improved in the last two days as the light showers helped to generate the hydropower of 440 MW and the wind energy production was able to recover by producing 3500 MW, said a senior TANGEDCO official.He said that there will be some relief to the poor power scenario with addition of 2,500 MW of energy to the grid by the end of September. With commissioning of 600 MW of project in Mettur, 500MW in Vellore, 1,000MW in Kudankulam, 600 MW from North Chennai project and 10 MW from hydel project in Mettupalayam, there will be some improvement to the over all power scenario in the state, he noted.\"It was a great relief as there was no power cut in the last couple of days,\" said Ram Babu, a resident of Ramnathpuram.Last week, power cuts affected the day-to-day life of the residents. However, the continuous power supply made life normal, he said.Industries in the city expressed their happiness over the continuous power supply in the past two days.\"We were able to run the shift properly and there was no interruption in supply of power,\" said J James, president, Tamil Nadu Association of Cottage and Tiny Enterprises.K Maniraj, Kovai Power Driven Pumps and Spares Manufacturers Association, who gave a petition to the Coimbatore collector on Monday demanding uninterrupted power supply, said that though the power situation has improved in the past two days, it should continue in the coming days as well.Chief engineer of TANGEDCO A Thangavelu said power generation has improved in the last three days. \"Thanks to the rain and wind energy, which helped to improve the situation,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15852637", "title": "Bangalore Development Authority wants Lokayukta to demolish RP Sharma's house", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bangalore Development Authority (BDA) has written to Lokayukta police to either demolish or stop construction of BMTF chief RP Sharma's house in Golden Orchids Layout in Doddagubbi village in Bangalore East.The August 25, 2012 letter, released to the media on Monday, said Sharma hasn't obtained BDA's permission for the construction of his 10,000 sqft house in Doddagubbi.But Sharma told TOI: \"I haven't done any violation. Why should I take permission from BDA to construct my house in Doddagubbi? I've taken building construction approval from Doddagubbi gram panchayat. It's not my mistake if BDA has missed out listing this village in its revised notification.\"Alleging that it's a violation on Sharma's part, former mayor PR Ramesh said Sharma had no moral right to book cases against BBMP officials.Sharma had filed cases against 58 BBMP engineers for allowing building byelaw violations in their jurisdiction. A week ago, Sharma filed a case against mayor D Venkatesh Murthy, alleging that he had submitted a false affidavit to the government and got 8 acres of bagair hokum land near Somanahalli.Ramesh said: \"Sharma is building his house without BDA approval. What right does he have to file cases against BBMP engineers and mayor for alleged violation of the rule book. As per rules, BMTF must implement V Balasubramaniam's report on land encroachment which the task force is not doing. With regard to the case against the mayor, BMTF must file a case against minister R Ashoka who granted the bagair hukum land to Venkatesh Murthy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15870020", "title": "Medicos enjoy fashion fiesta", "text": "LUDHIANA: The judges for the show were Dr Nitin Batra and Dr Abhilasha. The crowd along with the judges was mesmerized as each batch put on an excellent show with the colour theme provided to them. Each colour symbolized something 'pink' symbolized cute, with green came the go green message, black showed the shades of human life, blue portrayed trends, yellow symbolized brightness, while red spelt funky fashion.President of the student council, David said, \"Systol is all about fun and excitement. Its a fest which allows us a break from our busy and hectic schedules. Every year the entire event is organized and coordinated by students.\"Cultural secretary of student council, Jiju George, said, \"It's a platform which allows us to step out of our white coats and rediscover our inner talents. The event also allows juniors and seniors to get to know and interact freely with each other.\"Principal Dr S M Bhatti and his wife also graced the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15852363", "title": "Limit public access to India Gate: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a disappointing spinoff to the Arvind Kejriwal-led protest on Sunday, Delhi Police has sought barriers to limit access to India Gate and eventually, fixed timings for visitors at other monuments in the capital. Repeated \"breach of security\" in the area by protesters and stunt bikers calls for restrictions, police have written to the urban development ministry.\"The area houses important buildings, including Hyderabad House and Baroda House. The area is already out of bounds for protests. Hence, we only want genuine tourists and visitors to enjoy the beauty of the place without any disturbance,\" said an officer.Commissioner Neeraj Kumar had earlier pressed for more security as the monument offered very \"easy access\" to all elements of society. Interrogation of recently deported 26/11 handler Abu Jundal has revealed that India Gate was on the hit list of terrorists.Erstwhile Team Anna supporters had turned India Gate into their base, drawing protesters from across the city. Though not included in the letter, police say they also want fixed entry and exit timings for visitors; sunrise to sunset is the norm at most monuments.\"Once the barriers are put, we will push for a fixed entry and exit timings,\" said a senior officer. The urban development ministry had directed more lights to be placed in the area but cops say that has not been done. Managing crowds that swell on weekends and holidays in the pitch dark is a challenge, they said, adding that visitors ought to be frisked as well.\"We had been trying to set up barriers in the area for the past four years after then commissioner Y S Dadwal came up with the idea. We had once managed to put up yellow barriers but then several complained that it was an eyesore. Hence, this time round, we want the Union urban development ministry to intervene... We are merely trying to protect the site,\" said a senior police officer.That demand may get a boost, with the anti-graft protest stalling central Delhi on Sunday. Police have, in five FIRs, accused Kejriwal and activist-advocate Prashant Bhushan besides two others of \"provoking\" protesters on the coal block allocation issue.Police have sought CCTV footage from the protest sites and from at least four channels and news agencies to identify people involved in rioting, especially those who protested outside the Prime Minister's residence. \"They (IAC members) told us they would start moving towards the PM's residence around 1.45pm. Instead they began the stir at 12.45pm taking advantage of the fact that our men were at lunch,\" said an officer. \"On hindsight, Kejriwal should have been sent to the Rajiv Gandhi stadium at Bawana in the morning when the Mandir Marg police detained him.\"Five cases have been registered in Tuglaq Road and Parliament Street police stations on Sunday, naming Kejriwal, Bhushan, Manish Sisodia and Kumar Vishwas in separate FIRs, a senior police official said. One of the FIRs alleged that Kejriwal provoked sloganeering protesters who were marching towards the 7 Race Course Road and his supporters defied warnings and entered into a scuffle with policemen, injuring them with flagsticks. They also punctured tyres of a state-run bus in the middle of the road, causing a traffic jam on the stretch, the FIR claimed. \"Bhushan, Sisodia and Vishwas provoked their supporters and marched towards 10 Janpath. Despite warnings and use of water cannons, the crowd became more agitated and marched forward. Seven teargas shells were lobbed and as it did not help, mild force was used to contain them,\" the FIR said.Times ViewWhile there is no dispute that security is an important consideration in today's terror-affected world, there are limits to how much we should allow it to disrupt normal life. Limiting access to a public place like India Gate on the grounds of security is clearly well beyond reasonable precautions. Anybody familiar with the capital can testify to how important this spot is as a place where families hang out and picnic. To deny them that right is to take away an important part of the collective life of this city. Indeed, security threats succeed not only when they do damage in the form of blasts or assassinations. They succeed also when they force us to sacrifice normal freedoms. Let us not grant them this major victory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15858573", "title": "Three-day violin concert gets underway", "text": "MANGALORE: The Mangalore chapter of Society for Promotion of Indian Classical Music and Culture Amongst Youth (SPICMACAY) will organize Virasat - 2012, a three-day violin concert by violinist Kanyakumari.The concert will be held in the following places: Silver Jubilee auditorium, National Institute of Technology Karnataka on Monday at 5.30pm; Kendriya Vidyalaya, Panambur on Tuesday at 8.30am; Govindadasa PU College, Surathkal on Tuesday at 11am and Besant College on Wednesday at 3.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "15867490", "title": "Dengue spreads to Aska", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Dengue has spread to newer areas in Ganjam district. The dreaded fever that was reported from Berhampur and Hinjili towns has now affected a 42-year-old man from Benia near Aska. He has been admitted to MKCG Medical College and Hospital here, sources said.With this the number of dengue cases in the district has gone up to seven, said additional district medical officer (public health) LK Rath. Three cases each were reported from Berhampur and Hinjili, he said. Two patients being treated for dengue at the medical college have been discharged after being cured. He, however, denied any person died of the disease.Unofficial sources, however, claimed that a girl from Tanganapalli near here died of the disease at a private nursing home in Visakhapatna.On chikungunya , Rath said no more cases have been detected in the district. The health officials are likely to collect blood samples from Gada Gobindapur village near Digapahandi as reports of the blood slides remained inconclusive. Health officials had recently collected five blood samples from the village where more than 40 persons were suffering from fever and joint pain. A team of doctors led by district malaria officer (DMO) U S Mishra had visited Gada Gobindapur to treat those affected.An anti-larvae operation was launched in Hinjili to destroy the breeding grounds of mosquitoes by involving the councillors of Hinjili NAC and health activists as three dengue cases were detected in the area.The district administration has also opened a separate dengue ward in the Hinjili Community Heath Centre to facilitate emergency treatment of patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15859941", "title": "Recycle banana fibre instead of wasting it, farmers told", "text": "TRICHY: Banana farmers in the region have been told to recycle the fibre that contains about 70% of various nutrients, instead of wasting them. Speaking at the 19{+t}{+h} foundation day of National Research Centre for Banana (NRCB) near Trichy on Monday, Dr M M Mustafa, director, advocated the \"generation of wealth from banana waste.\"Mustafa highlighted the need to recycle the banana waste into vermin-compost ( bio-fertiliser) and vermin-wash to enrich the depleting soil health. This kind of nutrient dynamics would reduce the total consumption of potassium fertiliser by 40%, he said. From the day each sucker is transplanted, it requires a total of 500 gm of potassium in three instalments - at the third, fifth and seventh months. A 50-kg bag of potassium fertiliser today sells at a whopping Rs 856, as against only Rs 265 three months ago.According to Mustafa, there were 8.30 lakh hectare under banana cultivation in the country that produced a total of 298 lakh tonnes, out of which 375 lakh tonnes accrued as waste. The total cost of fertilisers to produce 298 lakh tonness of banana is estimated at Rs 1847 crore. \"So, if 375 lakh tonnes of waste is converted into vermicompost, and recycled in banana production, the worth of nutrients would amount to Rs 913 crore,\" explained Mustafa.Meanwhile, the centre had received a lot of flak from the banana growers who sulked that it had not helped them enough to ward off their problems. However, Mustafa said that NRCB, coming directly under the control of Indian Council of Agricultural Research ( ICAR) could only give its technology to whoever needed or asked for it, and it was up to the agriculture department of the respective state governments to make maximum use of its research. Looking after the individual farmers was not in its purview, he clarified.There were also allegations that the NRCB would not participate in any of the meetings of the district administration, let alone the monthly farmers' grievances day meetings. \"Only at such occasions they would seek our help to mobilise farmers to conduct their so-called annual farmers' mela,\" said a source from the state horticulture department.Mustafa and Dr A Tajudeen, dean, Agricultural Engineering College, Tamil Nadu Agricultural University, Kumulur later distributed the best farmer's awards to six progressive banana farmers from different growing regions of Tamil Nadu. The people who got the award were A Subramanian alias Mani Kutty Iyer, C Vinayagamurthy, N Seenivasan, K M Baratharaj, N Gopalan and A P Karuppaiah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15854048", "title": "Rain forces extended getaways", "text": "MUMBAI: Heavy rains across the Konkan region forced several weekend holidaymakers returning to Mumbai to prolong their getaways on Monday. Those who travelled braving the showers, reported late to work.Nerul resident Ajay Samarth, who was vacationing in Harihareshwar, said he had a difficult time returning on Monday. \"Most of my friends, who were out of the city, either resumed office in the afternoon or extended leave.\" He decided to work from a branch office.Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation's managing director, Jagdish Patil, said many \"patrons extended bookings at resorts in Mahabaleshwar, Ganpatipule and the Konkan coast\". Holidaymakers at Kashid, Harihareshwar, Murud, Amboli and Tarkarli, he said, were affected the most.\"Except Panvel, Mumbai-Pune Expressway didn't see many snarls,\" said MSRDC chief engineer Arun Deodhar, who returned from Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15869277", "title": "Woman in paternity row with BJP minister joins Congress", "text": "RANCHI: Para teacher Soni Devi, who claims to be the wife of state agriculture minister and BJP leader, Satyanand Jha, on Monday joined the Congress party and later met governor Syed Ahmed to seek an impartial probe into her case.The para teacher, who also has a minor son, urged the governor to ask the chief minister to drop Jha from the cabinet while the probe is on as she feared he might use his position to influence the inquiry.Soni Devi has been claiming she is the wife of the minister and that they got married in 1996. But the minister refused to acknowledge her as his wife.\"I just want justice and have no other motive behind joining the Congress or meeting the governor. The minister has exploited me and now he is not ready to accept me and my son. I hope the governor's intervention will help to restore my dignity,\" said Soni, after submitting her petition to the governor. She was accompanied by state president of the Congress, Abha Sinha. Referring to a query about her changing statements regarding her relationship with the minister, she said, \"I have always maintained that Satyanand Jha is my husband. I have no relationship with Bhupen Choudhary. But if you are under pressure and there are threats you tend to change your statements to save yourself. Despite all this I have no grudge against the minister. I want him to accept me as his wife and give my son his legal rights.\"Regarding the minister's claim that her documents were forged, she said an agency could be appointed to check the validity of her documents.Sources at the Raj Bhavan said the governor gave her a patient hearing and assured her that necessary action would be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15855586", "title": "University of Pune forms new refectory committee after protests", "text": "PUNE: Taking note of the protests by students in the last two days against the sub-standard food served at the University of Pune's (UoP) refectory, the varsity administration on Monday dissolved the existing refectory committee and appointed a fresh panel to monitor the functioning of the facility. A new contractor to serve food at the mess will also be appointed in a month's time.The UoP refectory, located near the Jayakar library, serves food to close to 1,000 students living on the campus and those studying at the on-campus postgraduate departments. On Saturday, an impromptu protest broke out after the students found worms in the dal served at the refectory.A large group of students rushed to the vice-chancellor's office demanding redressal of their grievance and replacement of the contractor who supplies food at the facility.The students' main grouse was that there was no check on the quality of food served at the refectory and when they took their complaints to the committee members they were given evasive replies. The students have since resorted to a boycott on food served at the refectory.Several students' organisations have since joined the protests and taken up the matter with vice-chancellor W N Gade. On Monday, a delegation of the National Youth Congress - the students' wing of the Nationalist Congress Party - met Gade and demanded that a 14-member students' panel be appointed to monitor the quality of food served at the refectory.A senior university management council member told TOI, \"The existing refectory committee has been dissolved by the VC and a new panel was appointed on Monday under Sadanand Bhosale of the Hindi department.\"He said, \"The new panel will hold meetings at least once every month to review the functioning of the refectory. The existing mess contractor is also being changed, but the process will take a month. The university will have to invite fresh tenders to appoint of new contractor.\"The present contractor was working on an extended term; his three-year contract lapsed six months ago.The students have also demanded inspection of the refectory by the Food and Drugs Administration authorities at least once a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15855424", "title": "Anna lauds India Against Corruption members' stir near PM's house", "text": "PUNE: Applauding the non-violent agitation by India Against Corruption (IAC) member Arvind Kejriwal and his supporters near the residences of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Congress president Sonia Gandhi and BJP president Nitin Gadkari in Delhi on Sunday, social crusader Anna Hazare on Monday said the time has come to bring about a change.Hazare left for Bangalore on Monday for an eight-day naturopathy treatment at the Jindal Naturopathy Centre. \"He wants to be ready for a country-wide tour which he plans to start after returning from Bangalore. There is no health issue, he just wants to rejuvenate himself,\" said Datta Awari, an associate of Hazare at his native village Ralegan Siddhi. The Gandhian had earlier taken naturopathy treatment at the centre for 15 days after his fast in Mumbai in August last year.Before leaving for Bangalore, Hazare posted on his blog on the India Against Corruption website, congratulating the agitators. Hazare will also write another blog annahazarethinks.blogspot.com from Ralegan Siddhi.\"I watched the proceedings on television and was glad to see that the activists did not take to violence even when police resorted to lathi charge and used water cannons to disperse them. I am proud of the young people and feel that the time has now come to bring about a change. And this (non violence) is the right path to achieve our goal,\" Hazare said in the blog.Hazare urged the activists to maintain peace and that, during the course of agitation, they should not damage national wealth. \"People should not feel any inconvenience or hardship because of the protests. Yesterday, police beat the activists, but the pain was felt by the nation,\" he said.Hazare said the agitators were not seeking any personal favour, but were protesting against the coal allocation issue and the waste of time in Parliament as the opposition has stalled the proceedings. \"Both the Congress and the BJP are responsible for coalgate, yet they are passing the buck in Parliament to mislead people\", he said.Hazare said the agitation in Delhi was just a beginning and that he was confident that the anti-corruption movement will meet its goal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15852057", "title": "Delhi floats as civic agencies pass the buck", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three hours of torrential rain on Monday evening disrupted normal life in Delhi as several areas reported massive waterlogging and heavy traffic jams. Between 5.30pm and 8.30pm, the Met department recorded 42.4mm rainfall, possibly among the heaviest showers recorded in a short period of time this season. Delhi's highest rainfall was recorded on August 21, which saw a 24-hour total of 54.4 mm.\"The monsoon has been active over northwest India which is why most states have been witnessing regular showers in the past few days. However, Monday's heavy rain was also due to heat during the day. The morning and afternoon were partly cloudy and due to daytime heating, convective clouds formed by evening. This led to intense showers across various parts of the city,\" said RC Vashistha, director, IMD.With 372mm rainfall till 8.30am on Monday, Delhi was looking at a deficit of only 26% for the season. The Haryana, Delhi and Chandigarh region of northwest India that till last week had a 61% deficit, the second highest in the country after Saurashtra and Kutch, saw that come down to 46% on Monday after the monsoon recovered over the region in the past few days. Northwest India itself is only deficit by 16% while the deficiency for the country is 13%. There had been isolated moderate to heavy showers in parts of the city through the day but the heavy rain started only in the evening. Between 8.30 am and 5.30 pm, Safdarjung had recorded only 0.6 mm rain. The heaviest during this period was actually seen in Narela where 17mm rainfall was recorded. This was followed by Pusa with 7 mm rain. \"Unequal rain is quite common during the monsoon since rain also depends on local conditions, in Monday's case convection. The maximum temperature was 34.5 degrees Celsius, one degree above normal while the minimum was 26 degrees Celsius,\" said a Met official.Met officials say that more heavy rain is expected over large parts of northwest India, including Delhi, on Tuesday. Vashisth said: \"The present spell of rain is due to the north-south of the monsoon trough which was assisted by moisture feed from a low pressure area that was over north Chhattisgarh and adjoining Orissa till Monday. This system will move in a northwest direction to come over northwest Madhya Pradesh by Tuesday. This will lead to more heavy rain over east Rajasthan, Haryana, Delhi and neighbouring areas.\"Another system is expected to form over the Bay of Bengal in the next few days that, if it moves in a northwesterly directly, will bring more rain over northwest India till September 3. Met said that till then, there was a possibility of showers over north and central India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15865503", "title": "IIT-Kanpur to host Antaragni from Oct 11", "text": "KANPUR: Antaragni, the annual cultural festival of IIT-Kanpur will be held from October 11 to 14. The theme for the festival this year's festival is 'medieval fantasy'.A pre-festival meeting was held on August 25 to give the IIT students a glimpse of Antaragni. The gathering was addressed by Antaragni core team. Festival coordinator Tushar Mishra said, \"Our vision for the festival is to involve the students and to showcase as many different art forms from around the world as possible.\"The opening night of Antaragni will witness a spectacular performance by Raghu Dixit, the forerunner in multilingual song writing and singing in India. There will Polish fusion band India Lucia to cater to fans of fusion music.Famous sand artist from Portugal Pedro Mira is expected to engross the audience with his artistry. \"Synchronicity\", one of the biggest rock bands in India is going to experience something big this year, with two major bands coming to perform. The audience will have an opportunity to head bang to the tunes of Steroside, a rock band from US and Solstice Coil, an alternate rock phenomenon from Israel. Mutefish, an Irish folk music band will wow the crowd with both street and stage performances.Exhibition and workshops ranging over the whole spectrum of the cultural array will be held, such as nail art exhibition, 3D art exhibition and mocktail making workshop, DJ workshop by famous DJ Yafi.Neerav Ghosh, director of movie Soundtrack, will add glamour to the festival by having an interactive session with the students. The panel discussion event of Antaragni, 'India Inspired' will be attended by personalities such as Santosh Desai, Ayaz Memon and Arun Maira. Antaragni has also launched a Leadership Initiative to bring about social consciousness among the youth of campus.The meet saw the unveiling of Antaragni T-shirt. A lot of goodies were also distributed to the winners of online competitions and people who could answer impromptu questions.Pratyush Sinha, the Antaragni head of media and publicity Pratyush Sinha said: \"We received positive response from the crowd today and the Antaragni team, which is 1200 strong, will take confidence from that.\"The enthusiasm was palpable among the first and second year students. Rohit Choudhary, a second year student said: \"My friends and I can hardly wait for Antaragni to begin.\"The music club of IIT Kanpur gave a rocking performance in the end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "farmingdale", "code": "15850895", "title": "Nick Watney earns timely victory", "text": "FARMINGDALE: Success tastes sweeter if it comes after prolonged struggle. Nick Watney's triumph at the $8 million Barclays, the first of the four FedExCup Playoffs, on Sunday was more than a title win.It sparkled as the light at the end of the tunnel; it turned a hitherto mediocre year into a good one; and, as the champion himself said, it was a validation of the direction he has taken.The 31-year-old Las Vegan, who began the final round two strokes behind Sergio Garcia of Spain, went clear midway through the day and sealed his three-stroke victory with a cool 10-feet birdie putt on the final hole in front of thousands of cheering, adoring fans.Watney, 2-under 69 on Sunday, finished the tournament at 10-under 274, three better that compatriot Brandt Snedeker and four ahead of Garcia and defending champion Dustin Johnson.Watney's fifth PGA Tour title, and his biggest till date, not only fetched him a hefty winner's cheque of $1.44 million, it also gave him 2500 points which took him to the top of the FedExCup standing. The player who leads the table after the fourth playoff takes home a whopping $10 million as bonus.As Garcia later remarked, Watney deserved to win the event as he was the most consistent golfer over four days at Bethpage Black, a difficult course to master. Besides, while most other men found the greens treacherous, Watney putted like a dream. The greens left many golfers frustrated. Among them was Tiger Woods whose putting was as bad in the final two rounds as it ever has been. Watney, though, sunk in long putts with ease which proved critical in the title run.Garcia, who many thought would be difficult to stop on the final day such was his confidence, went downhill after hitting his tee shot into the bunker on the eighth hole. This bogey was followed by three more, making it five for the day. Watney also suffered four bogeys but he cancelled them out with six birdies as his putter made merry. As Watney later said, the birdie on the 14th proved to be the impetus he needed to close the deal as Garcia failed to get going.Snedeker did nothing spectacular, just played a 1-under round which was good enough for him to finish second. He now stands second in the FedExCup race.Watney, the amiable golfer with the boy-next-door air, was a happy and proud man after he had laid his hands on the crystal trophy. \"Winning on this course, against this field was very difficult. I'm still on a high... I feel like playing some more golf, I'm so much in the moment still,\" he told the media. Saying that it was a timely win for his career, with positive implications for the next season, Watney said his confidence would get a big boost. He added, \"I'm thrilled by the win. The year has not been so good, I was struggling in the first few months...\"Garcia, graceful in defeat, paid rich tributes to Watney. \"He is a great player and a fine person. He deserved to win more than me.\" Garcia also revealed, \"We were trying to make things more comfortable for each other out there.\" Garcia and Watney were playing partners for the final round.The day's best round was played by young Canadian Graham DeLaet whose 6-under 65 helped him jump the queue and finish tied fifth along with Louis Oosthuizen, Lee Westwood and Brain Harman.Woods' expected last-round charge did not happen. What happened was something he would like to forget in a hurry. A double bogey and six bogeys marred his card for the day, an unusually bad day in office for Tiger. Entering the day tied 10th, Woods struggled to a 5-over 76 to finish tied 22. A lower back niggle hampered him over the last three days, thanks to an extra-soft bed in a Long Island hotel. But on Sunday, Woods' problems went beyond that. As the day wore on, he looked more and more confused about how to play the course, his legendary course management nowhere to be seen. Woods would have been relieved that the misery was over once he made the final putt.The day had begun with as many as 20 golfers within five shots of each other. Anyone can win, one thought. As twilight dawned at Bethpage State Park, the Black Course had cut to size virtually the entire field. Watney's ended up on top thanks to his putter which became his shield.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15852317", "title": "Supreme Court sets Jan 11 deadline for 2G auction, but with stern warning", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday gave more than what the Centre had pleaded for by extending the deadline for auction of cancelled 2G spectrum licences from August 31 to January 11 but pinned it with two discomfiting caveats \u2014 failure to adhere to the new schedule would invite contempt action against officials and possible imposition of heavy costs on the Union government.The Centre had pleaded for extension of deadline to November 12 with an additional 40 days to complete the process for auction of 122 spectrum licences in 22 telecom circles, which were cancelled by the court in its February 2 judgment, while directing their auction by June 2.Senior advocate P P Rao sought to stretch the time limit by narrating the lengthy process involved in auction and requested the bench of Justices G S Singhvi and K S Radhakrishnan to grant such extension that the government would not need to come back with a request for further relaxation.Having extended the deadline twice \u2014 first from June 2 to August 31 and now from August 31 to January 11 \u2014 the bench did not give all the relief at one go. Wanting to wait and test the Centre's willingness to abide by its commitment, it posted the matter for further hearing on January 13 without specifying the time it was willing to grant for allocation of spectrum to successful bidders at the auction.The bench told the government, \"We want to know on January 13 whether you have completed the auction process or not and then we will consider the plea for grant of additional time for allocation of spectrum to the successful bidders in the fresh auction.\"The bench warned the government that \"if the Centre failed to complete the auction process by January 11, 2013, the court will be constrained to initiate suo motu proceedings against concerned officials under the Contempt of Court Act\". It also allowed existing service providers to continue operations till January 13.While warning the Union government that it might get saddled with \"exemplary cost\" if it violated the fresh deadline, the bench barred all other courts in India from entertaining any petition, application or suit relating to auction of 2G spectrum being conducted on the directions of the Supreme Court.Justices Singhvi and Radhakrishnan agreed to entertain the plea for extension of auction deadline only after telecom secretary R Chandrasekhar filed an affidavit through advocate Apeksha Sharan undertaking that \"the central government is firmly and irrevocably committed to implement the aforesaid judgment\".Refuting allegation that the presidential reference was a ploy to step around the 2G judgment directions for auction, Chandrasekhar said, \"The presidential reference has nothing to do in so far as implementation of the aforesaid judgment of the Supreme Court, which has become final and binding. The efforts of the government are aimed at attracting maximum number of bidders in order to realize the maximum price for 2G spectrum as contemplated and intended by the Supreme Court's judgment.\"To the discomfort of the government, Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy said the seven-month delay in implementation of the 2G judgment due to Centre's repeated attempts to extend the deadline benefited private operators, who as per the original judgment were to surrender their licences by June end.The bench said it would consider at an appropriate time Swamy's application and contention of advocate Prashant Bhushan that the government's attempt was to overrule the 2G judgment by first withdrawing the review petition and then sending a presidential reference seeking clarifications.Swamy said, \"If further extension of time is granted by the court, provision must be made to realize the amount equal to the interest the government could have earned on the difference between the discovered market price by auction at the date of actual auction, and the spectrum licence price determined pursuant to the two press releases issued on January 10, 2008 (when A Raja headed department of telecom had issued the LOIs on first come-first served basis and the payments made by the licensees) of Rs 1,650 crore.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15852120", "title": "Waste pickers help out BBMP", "text": "BANGALORE: They have regular jobs but that doesn't keep them from taking on the city's muck. For a programme conducted and monitored by the Bangalore City Connect Foundation (BCCF), many NGOs and citizens came out to clean up their neighbourhoods and reduce the BBMP's burden. TOI travelled with a team to the segregating grounds.Over 100 solid waste management workers brought in by non-profit organizations on Monday segregated dry and wet waste at centres in Koramangala, Ejipura, HSR Layout, Bellandur, JC Road, RT Nagar, Ulsoor, Shivajinagar and many other pockets of the city.\"They have been mandated to pick up garbage strewn on the roads around these areas, earmarked as black spots, and bring it all to a waste collection centre for segregation. Dry waste, which can be recycled, will be sent to a private firm for further processing. Wet waste is sent to BBMP. Our intention is to reduce the load on BBMP,\" said Nalini Shekar, member of Hasiru Dala.These workers have been given gloves, jackets and masks as protective gear. While the NGOs pay them Rs 300 per day for their labour, the private company buys dry waste from them for Rs3 per kg.A dumping yard behind a BBMP parking lot, near Forum Mall in Koramangala, is the prime segregating ground for waste picked up from Koramangala, Adugodi and surrounding areas. A couple of streets in Ulsoor, Ejipura and Shivajinagar were also cleaned by these waste pickers.\"We have picked up 126kg of waste and segregated it into dry and wet waste. The dry waste is weighed at a private firm which takes all the recyclable items, and the waste pickers are paid according to the weight,\" Bosco Anthony, coordinator for Shivajinagar and Ulsoor, told TOI.In Koramangala, BBMP sent a few compactors to pick up wet waste after segregation and the dry waste was sent to private companies which would help NGOs recycle most of it. BBMP helped BCCF run the show by transporting it. Announcements were made in Shivajinagar that BBMP would fumigate the areas in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15859118", "title": "SC admits plea for rehab of youth wrongly arrested in blast cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Monday admitted a PIL seeking rehabilitation of Muslim youth, wrongly arrested and coerced to give confessional statements in the bomb blast cases of Mecca Masjid, Malegaon, Samjhauta Express and Ajmer Sharief and let off after the National Investigation Agency (NIA) unearthed the role of Hindu fundamentalists in these terror attacks.A bench of Justices T S Thakur and F M Ibrahim Kalifullah initially had reservations to entertain the matter as the petition was filed by Gulzar Ahmed Azmi of Jamiat Ulema of Maharashtra and not by any of the Muslim youth, who as accused spent five-seven years in jail.However, the bench agreed to examine the petitioner's request for compensation and initiating departmental proceedings against police officers who arrested the youth without evidence on being informed by senior advocate Amarendra Sharan that these cases brought to light the stereotype mindset prevailing in the force and investigating agencies causing mental and physical trauma to a community.Sharan argued that serious cases of plotting terror and planting bombs were foisted on the youth though it was the handiwork of a few members of the rightwing Hindu group Abhinav Bharat.The bench said, \"It is premature to record a finding by us that a group was involved in fabricating a case.\" Sharan said, \"The feelings of a community have been hurt. It is up to the Courts to assuage their hurt feelings. We are only asking for the response from the government.\"He cited the recent cases of illegal incarceration of a Pakistani prisoner by Jammu &amp; Kashmir government in which the Supreme Court took a critical view and imposed cost on the government. \"Here, the illegal incarceration was for nearly seven years,\" he said.But the court asked, \"Can we extend this to every case for citizens to claim similar relief on being exonerated after a long-drawn trial finds him innocent?\"Sharan distinguished the two situations. \"This is not a case where they are charged and acquitted. Here they have been wrongly charged and the policemen extracted wrong statements. They should be punished,\" he said.He argued that the reason for the petitioner to approach the court was because of a sense of alienation felt by a particular community. \"If those responsible for the wrong arrests are not taken to task, it will have a bearing on the secular fabric of the country,\" he said.This argument had an impact on the bench, which said: \"We do not hold the brief for any police force. Excesses may have taken place and we understand the country is going through difficult times.\"While issuing notice to respondents, the bench clarified that it would not examine petitioner's broader request for reopening of post-2002 blast cases to get it re-investigated by a retired Supreme Court judge. \"This amounts to reopening of all cases which certainly we do not wish to do,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15869146", "title": "Sit-ups, push-ups for state players", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand is known for hockey at the national and international level; but on National Sports Day on August 29, the players in the state would be restricted to sit-ups and push-ups only. The birth anniversary of legendary hockey player Dhyan Chand is observed as National Sports Day every year.The Jharkhand Olympics Association that boasts of having world-class sports infrastructure in Khel Gaon which came up during the 34th National Games is set to hold competitions for the sportspersons in three disciplines - rope skipping, push-ups and sit-ups - besides a demonstration of physical exercise to celebrate the day. The JOA which has hardly used the National Games infrastructure except for a few national events after the last year's sporting extravaganza is undecided over utilizing the infrastructure.While Khel Gaon is a state property and chief minister Arjun Munda had announced to utilize it in form of sports university, nothing has taken shape at the ground level. An effort of deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahato to invite private parties to join hands with the state government to operate sports academy has also not received any substantial response till date.Shivendra Dubey, an organizing committee member of the JOA, said some state or national level championships could have been organized to mark National Sports Day celebrations. \"But the sports association alone cannot take such responsibility,\" he said.JOA treasurer and spokesperson Madhukant Pathak said sportspersons from every discipline would get an opportunity to participate in the competition being organized by the association on the day. \"The champion will be selected in each category of rope skipping, push-ups and sit-ups on the basis of maximum count performed in a minute,\" he said adding that the boys and girls would be adjudged separately.Asked if the JOA could have done something better, Pathak remained silent. He, however, stressed that the JOA had managed brining national aquatic championships and competitions in athletics, wrestling and wushu as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15861745", "title": "Azam Khan rebukes top bureaucrat, calls him 'badtameez'", "text": "LUCKNOW: In yet another incident involving state bureaucracy, embattled minister for urban development Mohd Azam Khan on Monday lost his cool and walked out of an official meeting after finding that his top babu was missing without any prior notice.What apparently aggravated Azam's anger was an attempt by special secretary, urban development, Vishnu Swaroop Misra, to explain that the officials, including principal secretary (urban development) Praveer Kumar, had been summoned by the chief secretary. \"To kya ab mukhya sachiv sarkar se oopar ho gaye? (So, has the chief secretary grown bigger than the government)?\" he said. When Misra tried to elaborate, Azam lost his cool. \"Chup baithiye ... badtameez kaheen ke (Sit quietly... you disrespectful),\" Azam said as he walked out of the conference hall.Later, talking to TOI, Azam said: \"Indiscipline is unacceptable, be it that of bureaucrats, their subordinates or me. If we are not disciplined ourselves, how can we expect our subordinates down the line to be disciplined?\" But that was not all. When the reporters, who were preset to cover the meeting, asked about any action against this indiscipline, Azam said: \"There won't be any penal action against them.\"\"It is not my prerogative any more,\" he added with a conspicuous smile on his face stating the rest.Azam's reaction, it is understood, was reflective of his ongoing war of nerves with chief minister Akhilesh Yadav that became public recently when Azam recommended suspension of Lucknow Municipal Commissioner N P Singh but was rebuffed by the chief minister who turned down the request. Singh continues to serve as the municipal commissioner of Lucknow.Departmental sources said the minister was actually incensed over the fact that the absentees did not even bother to inform him or his office about their inability to attend the meet. The meeting, which was being attended by urban development department officials from all over he state, had just started when the minister noticed principal secretary Kumar and some others missing.When the minister inquired about their absence, he was told that they had left their offices to attend \"the meeting\". After waiting for another 15-odd minutes, a restless Azam once again checked about their whereabouts. As special secretary Swaroop tried to clarify that the \"missing\" officials had possibly gone to attend a meeting called by chief secretary Jawed Usmani, Azam lost his cool.\"The principal secretary was to brief the gathering about the technical points of the agenda and I was to pick up from there. In his absence, I had no option but to call it a day,\" Azam told TOI.Government sources later said the chief secretary had summoned the principal secretary and his subordinates to review the preparations of the department regarding state's biggest dairy farm proposed to come up on Sitapur Road. The chief minister would lay the foundation stone of the farm in the last week of September.Several attempts by TOI to contact the principal secretary failed as he was inaccessible till late on Monday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15861621", "title": "PMC tenders sopo fee collection", "text": "PONDA: After its decision to collect sopo fees through its own staff backfired within four months, the Ponda municipal council (PMC) finally auctioned the job to a private contractor on Monday.Until now, the PMC was collecting sopo fees on its own since April this year by appointing six personnel. It, however, proved non-viable to the civic body.With the auction, the PMC faced a loss of about 6,75,000 for doing an experiment of collecting sopo fee on its own over the last five months.The council has auctioned the sopo fee collection for 28.95 lakh for a period of the remaining seven months of the current financial year.During the last fiscal year, the PMC had auctioned the job for 61,20,000 that breaks down to 5,10,000 per month. If calculated with the same amount of 5,10,000 per month, the auction was needed to get a bid of 35,70,000. It means, auctioning the job late has created a loss of 6,75,000 to the Ponda civic body.Admitting the PMC has faced a loss, chief officer Pradeep Naik said that the outsourcing of the job has freed its personnel, who can be utilized for some other work as they are already understaffed.Speaking to mediapersons after the auction, Naik said that there were four bidders; with Aditya Korgaonkar from Borim-Ponda winning the auction with the highest bid for 28.95 lakh as against the initial bidding price of 28.2 lakh.The contractor will start collecting sopo fees from September 1, he said, adding that the civic body will closely monitor the contractor to prevent him from overcharging the vendors with periodical checks besides keeping a track on the sopo fee slips issued by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15870032", "title": "Lecture theatre complex at Allahabad University soon", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Although the construction of the ambitious Lecture Theatre Complex\u2014being constructed at the FCI compound of Allahabad University\u2014has been delayed for around a year but the recent meeting, held between University architect along with the Vice-Chancellor and several senior faulty members and officials of AU promises of removing the hurdles so that the ambitious building would be handed over to varsity authorities by next academic year.The meeting, held at the campus last week, was attended by the V-C, Prof AK Singh along with the Dean Research and Development Prof N R Farroqi (who is also the chairman of building monitoring committee of this particular building), University Engineer, representatives of RITES, deputy Registrar Accounts and other senior officials of AU. After the marathon meeting it was decided that the varsity authorities would be preparing a revised estimate for several unfinished works after which the building would be considered complete. The need for revised estimate was unavoidable owing to the fact that the earlier estimate of the building, amount to Rs 48 Crores, had provisions only for the civil works and thus excluded several associated works like electrical, air-conditioned, furniture, and other civil works.Another lacuna, which caused a major hurdle in completing the work at this building was fact there are two sets of opinion regarding provision of centralized air-conditioning in the building. While some of the faculty members and experts are of the opinion that installing fans in the lecture halls would be sufficient, the other group feels that varsity should go with the air-conditioning.The civil engineering section of Au was of the opinion that fans should be installed at the classrooms as if AU goes with centralized air-conditioning, it would need a system of 700 tonn of air-conditioning. In economic terms, AU authorities would have to shell out an amount of around Rs 40, 000 per day (if the air-conditioner runs for five hours a day) against the usage of electricity in running the air-conditioners which means an amount of around Rs Ten Lakhs a month. \"The varsity authorities installed fans in one of the classroom as sample and University architect along with several head of the department and all the people involved in deciding the quality of work at the building were shown the impact of how would be situation in any given day if the classrooms are not fitted with AC's and all present were satisfied\", said one of the official of AU.Thus it has been decided that AU would be preparing a revised estimate and varsity would be arranging the needed funds from grants allocated at OBC or the unutilised fund of XIth Five Year Plan. \"Funds would not be problem as if AU decides to allocate money from the unutilised funds of XIth Five year plan, AU would be getting Two more years to utilise the money as UGC has given Two year's of grace period for utilising the funds if the same is used for unfinished buildings\", said an official of Account section.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "hindmotor (hooghly)", "code": "15863675", "title": "Homemaker set ablaze in sleep", "text": "HINDMOTOR (HOOGHLY): A 48-year-old woman in Hooghly's Hindmotor area suffered severe burns after goons poured kerosene on her bed and lit a match. The police do not rule out the involvement of unscrupulous promoters trying to create a wave of fear and take over property in the locality.The attacker ripped the window net, reached through the grille and poured kerosene on the bed where Jayashri Chatterjee and her husband Krishnendu were asleep in the wee hours of Monday. Jayashri was severely burnt on her shoulders and back and was admitted to Uttarpara State General Hospital and later shifted to Kolkata. Her husband is a senior executive with a multinational company.The reason for the attack is unclear. Jayashri's husband and son Arka say they have no enmity with anybody. Neighbours corroborate this and allege that the locality - which used to be quite peaceful - has become crime-prone in recent times.The possibility of promoters trying to drive out house owners can't be written off, say sources. In the last few years, apartment buildings have mushroomed in Hindmotor and Uttarpara. And in the same period, there have been several incidents of wanton vandalism. Once, a car, several stalls, and rickshaws were set ablaze by unknown miscreants late in the night. Some promoters have filled up waterbodies to build highrises.Police say Jayashri may have been attacked by mistake. \"We found a rose in the bedroom which wasn't there when the couple went to bed. Why would a miscreant throw a rose and then try to burn someone alive? It could be a case of mistaken identity. We shall nab the miscreants soon,\" said Rajnarayan Mukherjee, SDPO, Srirampur. The attacker may have targeted another woman after being spurned but landed at the wrong address, said an officer.The Chatterjees live in a single-storied house on Hindmotor New Station Road. Around 2.15am on Monday, Jayashri suddenly woke to a burning sensation in her shoulders and found the bedsheet smoldering. Her screams woke Krishnendu and Arka, who was in another room. After dousing the fire, Krishnendu alerted neighbours and police. By the time police arrived, Jayashri had already been taken to hospital. Doctors say she has suffered nearly 30% burns and that her condition is serious.\"Its hard to believe that something like this could happen to us. We are old residents of this area and have no enmity with anybody,\" said Krishnendu.Neighbour Baisakhi Mukherjee said the peace of the locality has been disturbed in recent times by an illicit liquor den. A number of shady characters visit the locality and remain there till late in the evening. \"We are so scared that we try not to move around in the evening,\" she said. Other neighbours accused police of being hand-in-glove with the criminals. \"Why else would they turn up at the scene of the crime after several hours,\" one of them asked.Hooghly SP Tanmoy Roychowdhury said they were still looking for the motive. \"This was a heinous crime and we are investigating all angles. I have asked the inspector-in-charge of Uttarpara police station to submit a report,\" he said. Initially, police had suspected it to be an acid attack. However, the Uttarpara IC said it wasn't acid but kerosene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15880229", "title": "FCI yet to get Rs 3,443 cr from rural development, HRD and external affairs ministries", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ministries of Rural Development, Human Resource Development and External Affairs owed Rs 3,443 crore to Food Corporation of India (FCI) as on June 30, 2012, Parliament was informed on Monday.The amount was due against the supply of foodgrains by the FCI under welfare schemes of these ministries, food minister K V Thomas said in a written reply to Rajya Sabha.FCI is the government's nodal agency for procurement and distribution of foodgrains through public distribution system (PDS) and other welfare schemes.The ministry of rural development owed Rs 2,890.82 crore to FCI as on June 30, while ministries of HRD and external affairs were required to pay Rs 423.97 crore and Rs 128.26 crore, respectively.\"The matter of outstanding dues against the ministry of rural development have been regularly pursued by this department at the various levels,\" Thomas said, adding that the dues against the HRD ministries were of regular nature.In case of external affairs ministry, Thomas said Rs 80.78 crore has been realised in July after regular persuasion.The minister informed FCI has submitted final claim of food subsidy for 2010-11 amounting to Rs 10,935.79 crore.The government releases food subsidy to FCI for the subsidised foodgrains distributed under PDS and other welfare schemes as well as to maintain buffer stock.Explaining the process of subsidy disbursal, Thomas said the government releases 95 per cent of the FCI's claim on provisional basis and the balance five per cent subsidy is released on receipt of final claim from FCI after the accounts for the respective years are audited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "15863059", "title": "Varsity withdraws result after 3 days", "text": "MALDA: On the face of agitation by students, the vice-chancellor of Gour Banga University on Monday advised the registrar to withdraw the graduation results published on August 24. The next date of result announcement will be announced soon.A total of 4,718 candidates from different colleges had taken the BA/BSc Part-III examination. But when results were declared on Friday, students found that 1353 examinees had failed while results of 731 candidates were withheld. Among the failed students, some had secured a first-class in the Part-II examination. The worst sufferers were 400-odd candidates of Chanchal College, whose results were not published.While the university authorities boasted of having published the results in a record time of 44 days, members of both Chhatra Parishad (CP) and SFIransacked the university on August 25 and also assaulted the registrar.Both the unions have vowed to launch a greater agitation if the university authorities do not review the result.Initially, the authorities brushed aside all allegations and said the results published were flawless. Instead, they asked the students to submit their reasons for discontent in writing by August 31. It was later that the registrar accepted their mistake. They have also hinted at setting up a screening committee to sort out the discrepancy in the result.On Monday, registrar in charge Madhab Adhikary said, \"The vice-chancellor advised us to withdraw the results and thus we have done accordingly. The results will be reviewed and published shortly with rectification.\" He conceded that there were anomalies especially with the practical papers.\"The VC is out of station. After he returns on the 29th of this month, we'll hold a meeting to announce the next date of publication of the result.\"While the students unions welcomed the decision, academics described it as 'unprecedented' and 'shameful' on the part of university. \"The decision of the university itself testifies that the claim made by the students is true. The published results were faulty. They should have been careful before publishing the result. It is a crime. Moreover, the withdrawal of the result is certainly shameful,\" said professor Shakti Patra.CP leader Prosenjit Das said, \"It is of course the victory of our movement, but the decision to withdraw the result is unprecedented. It is the failure of the VC.\" \"We demand the rectified results be published within September 7 or the students will be deprived of their chance to apply in other universities for their postgraduation,\" said SFI district secretary Abhijit De. He also demanded that GBU should admit all the passed students to PG courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15853709", "title": "Gujarat TT Championship: Hardik, Frenaz get top billing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Hardik Bhatt of Income Tax Bhavnagar and Frenaz Chipia of Surat have been given top billing for the men's and women's categories of the Fourth Open Gujarat table tennis Championship which gets underway at the Surat Tennis Club in Surat from August 27.As many as 550 entries have been received in all categories from all over the state for this tournament which has been organized by Surat District TT Association.Surtis sports lovers will se a parade of star paddlers in action with local boy and international player Harmeet will be gunning for another state title. Another international player Pathik Mehta of Bhavnagar, who came out of retirement this season, will be wanting to capture his second title on the trot after he won in the Third Open TT meet in Rajkot.Seeding:Men: 1. Hardik Bhatt (Bhavnagar) 2. Pathik Mehta (Bhavnagar) 3. Jignesh Jaiswal (Bhavnagar). Youth boys: 1. Ravi Joshi (Bhavnagar) 2. Harsh Sachnandani (Surat) 3. Karan Shah (Bhavnagar). Junior boys: 1. Harsh Sachnandani (Surat) 2. Henil Shah (Ahmedabad) 3. Harsh Thakre (Baroda). Sub-junior boys: 1. Nilay Thakkar (Surat) 2. Harsh Thakkar ( Baroda) 3. Ishaan Hingorani (Kutch). Cadet boys: 1. Manush Shah (Baroda) 2. Parag Chandaliya (Bhavnagar) 3. Soham Pandya (Bhavnagar).Women: 1. Frenaz Chipia (Surat) 2. Nirja Trivedi (Surat) 3. Helly Shah (Ahmedabad). Youth girls: 1. Frenaz Chipia (Surat) 2. Hely Shah (Ahmedabad) 3. Simin Atodaria (Surat). Junior girls: 1. Frenaz Chipia (Surat) 2. Helly Shah (Ahmedabad) 3. Simin Atodaria (Surat). Sub-junior girls: 1. Simin Atodaria (Surat) 2. Esha Patel (Valsad) 3. Vidhi Upadhyay (Porbandar). Cadet girls: 1. Neens Patel (Valsad) 2. Abhija Desai (Surat) 3. Sanskruti Malpani (Surat).St Xavier's Loyola, Gandhinagar and Rosary post wins: St Xavier's Gandhinagar beat Rosary, Baroda 'A' 1-0 in the under-16 Rev Bro Bou football tournament on Sunday. St Xavier's Loyola 'A' also was on a roll as they thrashed Riverside 2-0 to take their place in the semifinals. In the another match, Rosary, Baroda 'B' managed to get past Anand Niketan, Shilaj 4-3 in tie-breaker after full time ended in 0-0 stalemate. In Monday's semis, DPS, Bopal will clash with St Xavier's Gandhinagar while Rosary 'B' will meet St Xavier's Loyola 'A'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15864030", "title": "City airport gets dedicated power supply line", "text": "COIMBATORE: Officials at the city airport are not sweating as much as they used to during unscheduled power outages as they have finally got a dedicated power supply line. They no longer have to depend on generators to power runway lights and other equipment integral to the operations of the airport. This also means that the long standing safety and security issue at the airport has finally been resolved.Until recently, the unscheduled power cuts meant a frantic rush as officials had to operate four diesel generators to resume supply. A 10 to 15 second snag was unavoidable before these back up generators took over. But these few seconds were a matter of utmost concern for the officials as safety and security were compromised.\"Our main concern is safety and security of passengers. Since we now have a dedicated power supply line we are no longer affected by the unscheduled power outages,\" said Peter K Abraham, director, Coimbatore airport.The total diesel consumption at the facility had gone up to 40,000 litres per month as a result of unscheduled power outages. But now consumption has come down to 5000 litres. Consequently, they are saving at lease Rs 19 lakh on a monthly basis. \"Lower consumption of diesel also means less pollution,\" said Peter.The airport has four diesel generators, two 750 KW generators and two 500 KW generators to power up the facility during outage. Airport officials said that when running on generators, only essential equipment was powered up.Airport authorities used to receive numerous complaints from passengers about lights and air conditioners not functioning in the lounge and other areas. \"The main priority was to give power supply to operational safety equipment and runway lights. Only these circuits were powered using generators during outages. But now there are very few complaints. We have more than 300 lights on the runway alone,\" said an airport official.According to Tamil Nadu Generation and TANGEDCO officials, the dedicated power supply line of 1000 KV to Coimbatore airport is drawn from Vilankurichi substation. The work was completed in June and is about 3 km long. The Airport Authority of India paid Rs 60 lakh for the dedicated line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15860152", "title": "Onam celebrations: LPG supply hit at IOC plant ahead of the festival", "text": "KOCHI: With only a day to go for Onam, the supply of LPG cylinders from Indian Oil Corporation's (IOC) bottling plant in Udayamperoor was hit on Monday.This could lead to a severe shortage of LPG in the coming days as the filling process at the plant has come to a standstill after the generator developed problems.Only 60-70 loads are being dispatched from the plant daily over the last two weeks.In the normal course, 160 loads (160x306) have to be dispatched from the plant on a daily basis. However, on Monday, not even a single cylinder was supplied from the plant.The generator has not been functioning properly for the last two weeks, and there has been a steady fall in the number of loads being dispatched from the plant, according to sources.While the IOC bottling plant premises can accommodate only 60-70 trucks, nearly 200 lorries are lying parked in and around the plant waiting for their turn.\"Actually, we are in a dilemma,\" said the lorry drivers. \"With only a day to go for Onam, we want to supply our loads as early as possible. However, the functioning of the plant has been derailed, and we have no other option but to wait for our turn,\" they said.IOC officials said that the problem was being addressed. By Monday evening, the company, according to sources, has hired a generator. But the installation process, which takes time, has not been completed yet. Meanwhile, most of the crew of lorries, who have been waiting for the last two weeks, left for their homes on Monday evening.The state is likely to face severe shortage after Onam as the plant is the central LPG dispatch centre for almost all districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15853394", "title": "Delegates from Meghalaya meet R R Patil, Pol", "text": "PUNE: A five-member delegation from Meghalaya - including Meghalaya power minister A T Mondal; minister for IT, water resources and general administration A L Hek; minister for urban and municipal affairs, housing, science and technology minister Ampareen Lyngdoh - made a goodwill visit to Pune on Sunday. The delegates also visited Mumbai to meet home minister R R Patil on Monday.At a meeting with Pune police commissioner Gulabrao Pol and district collector Vikas Deshmukh, the delegation expressed concern about the safety of the northeastern community in the state. They were told that necessary steps were being taken for the security of the community.Mondal told TOI on Monday that the ministers' visit to the city was aimed at building the confidence of the students, employees and workers from northeast. \"We came to take stock of the situation as we received repeated calls from worried parents who wanted to ensure that their wards were safe in Pune. The meetings with Pol and Deshmukh were positive. They apprised us of the confidence-building measures undertaken for the NE community,\" said Mondal. \"We told them that most of those who have come to Pune from northeast are students and since they stay away from their families, even small incidents can create panic. Pol assured us that no untoward incident would happen in the future and that miscreants indulging in violent behavior will be firmly dealt with,\" said Mondal.Mondal added that six cognizable and three non-cognizable offences have been hitherto filed by police, and 23 accused have been arrested.\"The police also informed us that 10 people were sent notices under section 149 of CrPC. Police requested us to ensure that the students and others who have returned to NE now come back to Pune as the city is safe. We also requested Pol and Deshmukh to continue the confidence-building measures even after the situation becomes normal,\" he said.At the meeting with Patil, the ministers discussed similar issues.\"We told Patil that many NE students in Mumbai stay in hostels located in isolated areas and we are concerned about their safety. Patil told us that requisite instructions regarding the safety of NE students have been given to the authorities of educational institutions. He assured us that Maharashtra was safe and that the students can now come back here. Patil also offered to arrange chartered flights if all the students would return at the same time,\" Mondal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15867764", "title": "Vendors left in the lurch as govt policy awaits roll-out in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Though six months have passed since the state government formulated the Odisha Urban Street Vendors' Policy, no step has been taken to implement the rules so far. Vendors said they are facing many problems in conducting their business because of the non-implementation of the policy. According to this policy, vendors have to be registered and provided with vending zones among other things. This will not only give them a legal status but also safeguard their livelihood.\"The number of street vendors is increasing by the day but not vending zones. Besides, because a town vending committee has not been formed, the survey and registration of vendors has not been started,\" secretary of All Odisha Street Vendor's Association, Pratap Sahu, said.\"Bhubaneswar is probably one of the first cities to have designated vending zones for street vendors and a number of civic authorities from other states visited the city to replicate the model in their cities. But now things have changed,\" Sahu said.Vendors said according to the policy, the civic body has to make provisions for solid waste disposal in the vending area, construct public toilets to maintain cleanliness, provide electricity, drinking water and storage facilities, including cold storage for fish, meat and poultry and designated parking areas. The bill said the state government will be responsible for providing soft loans, insurance and health care to vendors, apart from organising training programmes to help them develop technical and business skills.Bhubaneswar mayor Ananta Narayan Jena said the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) will set up Town Vending Committee, which is an important step towards implementation of the policy, very soon. \"The committee will be responsible for inclusion of various roads in respective vending zones. It will also carry out survey of vendors and take a call on issuing licences. It will act as a mediator in case of clashes between vendors and authority and will take care of the welfare of vendors,\" Jena said.The committee to be headed by the BMC commissioner will monitor hawking activities in the city, he added. There are nearly one lakh street vendors in the city, out of whom only 2,600 vendors have been rehabilitated in 56 vending zones. Vending zones have already been set up in Sambalpur, Sonepur, Berhampur and Cuttack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15863052", "title": "Pre-paid autos at bus terminal at Thampanoor soon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: If things go as planned, city folks are likely get an Onam gift from the traffic police this week, a new pre-paid autorickshaw counter near the KSRTC bus terminal at Thampanoor.\"We have completed all groundwork, including installation of a computer in the counter, to launch it by Onam. It will be launched during the Onam celebrations in the city,\" said traffic north assistant commissioner P Mohanan.He said that though the pre-paid counter is viewed as an Onam gift, it was actually planned to launch three months ago. The decision to set up the counter at Thampanoor near KSRTC bus station was taken in a traffic advisory committee meeting of the city traffic police and corporation in March. The city traffic authorities even made arrangements to open the counter by last week of May. It was even decided that then transport minister V S Sivakumar would inaugurate the counter.But, the launch had to be shelved after the Neyyattinkara by-election was announced and the code of conduct was in force. The launch was delayed again after the election was over as the mayor could not convene the traffic advisory committee meeting on time. However, this impediment was also cleared after the meeting was convened earlier this month, following which proposed pre-paid autorickshaw counter saw green signal again.Meanwhile, in what may come as a disappointment to the cityfolks, the assistant commissioner said that another proposed pre-paid counter at general hospital has hit a ditch after the hospital authorities refused to give space for the counter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15855629", "title": "Pune Sub Area flashes safety card", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Sub Area (PSA) authorities are firm about introducing the compulsory helmet rule for two-wheeler and pillion riders in the Pune Cantonment area from September 1.\"We are doing it for the safety of the people and this needs to be recognised and supported by them,\" said Brig M S Jaswal, deputy general officer commanding of the PSA. It is the local military authority for the cantonment boards in and around Pune.Jaswal was speaking to TOI after the morcha on Monday by the Shiv Sena MLA from Hadapsar, Mahadev Babar, to protest against the impending helmet rule in the cantonment area. A part of the cantonment localities falls in the Hadapsar assembly constituency.\"It is not about why the army should get into enforcing the helmet rule but, as a station commander, it is our responsibility to look after the safety of each and every person transiting through the cantonment area. After all, it is also for the safety of the people opposed to the helmet rule and their children,\" he added.The PSA has justified its decision to introduce the helmet rule on the grounds that road accidents in the Pune Cantonment area have gone up significantly in the recent years and many victims of these accidents are two-wheeler riders. The prime argument in favour of wearing of helmets is that it can save lives.\"The MLA (Babar) is coming to meet and discuss the helmet issue with us on Tuesday. In fact, he should be welcoming our decision and should educate his supporters and people in his constituency about the noble cause behind the helmet rule,\" said Jaswal.Jaswal pointed out that the PSA has already instructed all the troops stationed at units under its jurisdiction to adhere to the helmet rule. \"If the rule is not implemented in our own area, it will be discriminating against our troops,\" he said.Those opposing the rule say that the cantonment area is too small compared to the larger area under the Pune Municipal Corporation. People transiting through the cantonment areas to the eastern suburbs, will be inconvenienced due to the helmet compulsion, the opponents have argued.Jaswal said, \"We expect some problems in the initial phase when the rule will be enforced, but that should not take away the goodness of the move.\"He said, \"The PSA had announced the plan well in advance as part of sensitising people and creating greater awareness about wearing helmets. We have started with distribution of pamphlets in the cantonment areas and will step up our awareness drive in the days ahead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15852910", "title": "Man loses arm, doctor booked for negligence two years later", "text": "MUMBAI: A doctor was booked on Monday in a two-year-old case of medical negligence where proper measures hadn't been taken for a railway mishap victim who had lost his arm. The doctor, Shashikala Nadkarni, was posted as a medical officer at the civic-run Bhagwati Hospital at the time. Arrests will be made only after a detailed inquiry is made.The victim, A J Yadav, had lost his left arm below the elbow. Yadav (30), a resident of Nalasopara, was commuting between Dadar and Bhayander on October 24, 2010. He accidentally fell off the train between Kandivli and Borivli railway stations and his left arm got crushed under the train. He was rushed to Bhagwati Hospital by the GRP.\"Nadkarni should have placed Yadav's severed arm in ice. She should have arranged for an ambulance to take him to another hospital with better facilities as Bhagwati Hospital wasn't well-equipped. But she did not do either of these,\" said a senior police official.On December 2, 2010, RTI activist Sameer Zaveri approached the MHB Colony police in Borivli (W) to file a case of negligence against Nadkarni. The police did not register an FIR as a preliminary inquiry didn't show negligence on Nadkarni's part. Zaveri then approached the BMC's public health department, which found Nadkarni negligent.Chief medical superintendent of peripheral hospitals, Dr Seema Malik, said the authorities took a stern stand. \"The negligence was administrative rather than medical, but she was found wanting in her duties,\" Malik said. \"Nadkarni has been fined Rs 5,000, considered a harsh punishment in the civic set-up.\"Zaveri submitted a letter to the police pointing out Nadkarni's negligence on June 27, 2012. On Monday, Nadkarni was booked under section 338 of the IPC for 'causing hurt by an act endangering the life or personal safety of others.'(With inputs from Sumitra Deb Roy)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15877679", "title": "Sonia Gandhi to address party MPs today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Leading the counter-offensive on the coal block allocation issue, Congress president Sonia Gandhi is expected to rally the party behind Prime Minister Manmohan Singh by making a strong attack on BJP at a party meeting on Tuesday.Gandhi will be addressing the general body meeting of the Congress Parliamentary Party , which will be the first occasion for her interaction with party MPs after the controversy broke out.Her address will come shortly before Prime Minister Manmohan Singh leaves for Iran to attend the NAM Summit.The proceedings of the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha have been paralysed for the last five days following turmoil on the issue.Gandhi, while interacting with a group of party leaders last week, had signalled to partymen to be on the offensive against BJP which has been sticking to its demand for the resignation of the Prime Minister.In fact, Gandhi's address is expected to form the basis of the party's counterattack in Parliament on Tuesday as several party MPs are planning to give notices in the Lok Sabha for a disucssion on the issue under Rule 193, which does not entail voting.Meanwhile, home minister P Chidambaram and coal minister Sri Prakash Jaiswal held a special briefing on Monday evening for party MPs and union ministers on the issue, apparently as part of Congress plans to corner the opposition on the issue and puncture their criticism.It is learnt RJD's Lalu Prasad, SP's Shailendra Kumar, CPM's Ramchandra Dome and BJD's B Mahtab have given notices in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15863436", "title": "'Drunk' police escorts suspended", "text": "PANAJI: Goa police on Monday suspended five policemen attached to Vasco escorts cell who allegedly stopped at a bar while returning with jail inmates to Sada sub-jail from a court hearing on Friday.Police ordered a preliminary inquiry in the incident. Speaking to TOI, SP (escort cell) Shekhar Prabhudesai said, \"Pending preliminary inquiry, five police escorts have been placed under suspension.\"The five suspended constables are Bhakti Naik, Mohammed Rafique Zambotkar, Ajit Mallekar, Rudresh Naik and Abhinav Malik.On Friday, while returning from a court hearing, the police escorts and prisoners allegedly halted at a bar, consumed alcohol and then proceeded to Sada jail. The jail guard, noticing them behaving strangely, alerted the jail superintendent who ordered an alcohol test on three prisoners and five constables. No test was conducted on the escorts. The result of the alcohol test on the prisoners is likely to be out on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15851836", "title": "Rush hour rain brings Delhi to a standstill", "text": "NEW DELHI: Heavy evening showers inundated streets during rush hour on Monday, trapping home-bound commuters in massive traffic jams on arterial roads particularly in south and central Delhi.As much as 42.4mm rain fell between 5.30pm and 8.30pm, the highest recorded in such a short span this season.\"In south Delhi, all arterial roads got affected due to waterlogging and resulted in major traffic blockades. Our staff did whatever was possible, but the disruption continued till the night hours,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.The rain, which began right before the evening peak hour traffic, continued to fall in sheets across Delhi, causing major roads to become completely waterlogged. While the Dhaula Kuan underpass was reported to be submerged in water, stretches along Rao Tula Ram Marg and Aurobindo Marg were also inundated. This resulted in traffic snarls from Dhaula Kuan to Ashram on Ring Road, IIT to Qutb Minar on both carriageways and Rao Tula Ram Marg.In Green Park, commuters said the water was so deep that it entered vehicles. Traffic was reported to be moving on just two lanes at Dhaula Kuan, under the flyover from AIIMS to Dhaula Kuan and South Extension II due to water on the roads.There were similar jams on the outer Ring Road, with a little over a lane available for traffic along Rao Tula Ram Marg and Malai Mandir.Many other stretches on the Ring Road saw huge traffic tailbacks. \"The situation was so bad that we had to stop traffic from Moti Bagh to Lutyens' Delhi for some time and allow vehicles coming from the opposite side to get into the other carriageway. Otherwise the entire New Delhi area was getting jammed,\" said a senior traffic police officer of the area.Major snarls were reported between IIT and Qutb Minar on Aurobindo Marg, Nehru Place, Maa Anandmayi Marg and Pul Prahladpur.\"Due to waterlogging at the Pul Prahladpur railway underpass, small vehicles were diverted from Lal Kuan to Maa Anandamayi Marg and had to take a right turn to Surajkund Road,\" said a senior traffic police officer of the area.With both municipal corporations and the Public Works Department embroiled in the same old blame game, there was little respite for commuters stranded in the jams. The municipal corporation blamed PWD for the mess, as the upkeep of all 60-feet-wide arterial roads had been transferred to it.\"When the PWD took over 512 roads from us, few waterlogging-prone sites remain with the three corporations. The task of de-silting the drains running along these roads, automatically comes under them. We cleaned our drains and even achieved more than our target of scooping out 91,000 metric tonnes of silt before July 31. The silt even made its way to the waste-to-energy plants,\" said a South Delhi Municipal Corporation official. He added that over all the city 1,131 pumps were functional and wherever waterlogging was witnessed, additional pumps were deployed.The corporation received 15 waterlogging complaints and five fallen trees reports. \"All the complaints involve PWD stretches. Internal colony roads, which is our responsibility, did not face waterlogging,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15851974", "title": "Mandur, other villagers block garbage trucks", "text": "BANGALORE: The storm on the outskirts of Bangalore against unscientific dumping of garbage on Monday spread to Mandur and Terra Firma-managed landfill Gundlahalli, near Doddaballapur.Villagers of Mandur, near Hoskote off Old Madras Road, protested against dumping of garbage there and blocked waste-laden trucks from entering the landfill. Farmers of Gundlahalli too blocked trucks from entering their village.Without access to both major landfills, no garbage from the city was disposed of there on Monday. Most garbage trucks headed to these landfills lined up by the roadside near Hoskote and Doddaballapur, raising a stink, confirmed a BBMP garbage contractor.\"We're against Bangalore's garbage being dumped in our village. It must be stopped. We won't allow any trucks to enter our village,\" asserted H Nanjundachari, former vice-chairman, Mandur gram panchayat.Mandur villagers are also against a power plant coming up at a private landfill in Mandur. \"When the private firm came to Bangalore, we were told that surrounding villages, including Mandur, would get gas connections and free electricity. But it's a farce. Not a watt of electricity has been generated in the past seven years. We don't want to spoil our village anymore,\" said Thammanna C, gram panchayat member.The city's third major landfill at Mavallipura, off Doddaballapur main road, was shut down following protests from locals. However, civic officials said there was no let-up in BBMP clearing garbage from across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15857525", "title": "Doctors demand mixed land use", "text": "NOIDA: The Doctors Fraternity of Noida, an organization of medical professionals and associations of doctors, has demanded that the state government provide 'mixed-use' of land allotted under the general category so that nursing homes can be run from residential premises. The organization has written to the UP government, also demanding amendment in the definition of 'clinic', so that they are permitted to provide indoor, outdoor, emergency and diagnostic services within the permitted 25% floor area ratio (FAR) of residential premises for carrying on professional activities.Doctors have demanded mixed land use on the basis of provisions in Master Plan 2031, which allows mixed use of land given to farmers under the 5% quota scheme.\"Around 300 doctors have been prohibited to carry out commercial activities from residential premises, but the number of plots launched by Noida Authority vide a special scheme is just 11,\" said Dr NK Sharma, member of UP Indian Medical Association.\"There has been a big contribution of doctors in setting up Noida at a time when there were no public medical facilities. All affected doctors should be rehabilitated by amending the present scheme for nursing home plots by offering plots of similar sizes on which they have been working,\" said Dr Mahesh Sharma, Noida MLA.The MLA argued for lifting restrictions on doctors for carrying on with their practice in the basement of their residences, as is permitted for professionals in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15880015", "title": "Vocational Course to be introduced as fourth steam in schools", "text": "Kolkata: Vocational course will be the fourth stream after Humanities, Science and Commerce which will be offered to students in class XI and class XII in 200 government and government aided schools from 2013-2014 session.\"Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has wanted to offer vocational courses in schools so that more and more students can be employed after completing class XII. Apart from the 1600 institutes which offer vocational training, 200 regular schools will offer vocational training as the fourth stream in plus two,\" said education minister Bratya Basu. School Service Commission (SSC) will hold an examination to recruit teachers and 10 percent seats will be reserved for those teaching in the vocational training institutes.Gradually the school education department will take over all the 1600 vocational training schools. \"West Bengal Higher Secondary Council will frame syllabus for all the vocational training streams in class XI and XII. We will start identifying the 200 schools soon. Districts will be preferred over city schools.HS board will also fix the criteria for students who will take up vocational course stream after appearing in Madhyamik examinations,\" added education minister Bratya Basu. Technical education minister Rabiranjan Chattopadhyay said his department will run a pilot project in class IX and X in some of the schools taking selected students to study technical education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15855485", "title": "Suppliers in state will double fuel adjustment fee", "text": "MUMBAI: The monthly electricity bills of around 2 crore power consumers across Mumbai and Maharashtra are set to go up from September 2012 thanks to the increasing price of fuels required for power generation such as coal, oil and gas. The Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) on Monday allowed all power suppliers in the state to up the fuel adjustment charge (FAC) recovered from consumers from the present 10% to 20%.In real terms, this could mean a rise of up to Rs 100 on a bill of Rs 1,000.Fuel adjustment charge is an amount levied on the consumers which varies according to the changing prices of fuels or coal.Suppliers have been claiming that the rising prices of the latter and the 10% cap on passing on this burden to the consumer has left them at a loss. All the suppliers had demanded the hike, especially the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Co Ltd (MSEDCL), which pointed out to MERC that it was to recover nearly Rs 1,483 crore from consumers against pending FAC. MERC said its analysis of the monthly FAC since April 2009 revealed that suppliers had crossed the ceiling recovery limit for several months\u2014for example, MSEDCL crossed it 17 times, RInfra 4 times, BEST 21 times and TPC 31 times\u2014which was evidence that the cap needed to be increased.Initially, MERC had proposed to increase the FAC limit up to 25%\u2014however, following strong opposition at the recent public hearings, the cap was restricted to 20%. If any supplier should need more than 20% recovery in future, it will have to get it approved from MERC before charging it in the bills.\"Since the tariffs have been revised recently for the MSEDCL, a state power supplier, and also for BEST, the Mumbai island city supplier, the commission is of the view that it may not be necessary to revise the FAC ceiling to 25%, and a ceiling of 20% would be appropriate. The new average FAC Ceiling (see table) for the suppliers at the prevailing retail tariffs appears sufficient to address the likely variation in fuel prices in future,\" said MERC in its order on Monday.\"The revised FAC ceiling of 20% is the average ceiling for the supplier as a whole, and the applicable ceiling will be different for different consumer categories equivalent to 20% of their variable tariffs. The revised FAC ceiling will come into effect from the month of September 2012 onwards,\" the order stated at the end.Fac rate average ceiling for suppliers (Paise per unit)Supplier Existing NewMSEDCL 47.46 94.91RInfra 64.20 128.4TPC 49.95 99.90BEST 72.29 144.58", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15865321", "title": "CM should quit: Cong", "text": "BHOPAL: The Congress on Monday demanded resignation of chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan for writing a letter to the prime minister \" to approve use of excess coal\" from three coal blocks for the Reliance Power Limited.The company is coming up with a 4,000 MW power project, implemented by Sasan Power project, a Anil Dhirubhai Ambani group company coming up at Chitrangi tehsil in Sidhi district of Madhya Pradesh.Addressing a press conference here on Monday, Madhya Pradesh Congress spokesman Manak Agrawal said the BJP did not allow the Loak Sabha to function on the same issue without realising the \"involvement of two chief ministers of BJP-ruled Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh states.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "15852535", "title": "Tension in Yerandi over shifting of statue", "text": "GONDIA: Tension prevailed for some time after rasta roko on Wadsa-Kohmara Road on Friday night over shifting of a Buddha statue at Yerandi-Dewalgaon village in Arjuni Morgaon tehsil. Timely action by the administration prevented any untoward incident.According to information, Suresh Khobragade and Bauddha Samaj had a dispute over a property in Yerandi-Dewalgaon. Six months ago, attempt was made to desecrate the statue of Lord Buddha installed on this property and the matter had gone to court.Some time later, the administration declared that the statue was on an encroached land and as such it would be shifted to some other place with due respect. On Friday, when the administration removed this statue from this place, some villagers staged a Rasta roko on Wadsa-Kohmara road.Additional superintendent of police, Deori, Vishwa Pansare, SDO of Deori, Borate, tehsildar Prakash Kshirsagar and PI of Navegaon police station Yuwaraj Hande rushed to the spot along with C-60, RSP Duggipar police squads in the wee hours of Saturday and brought the situation under control.A 33-year-old youth Ankush Gajbhiye tried to immolate self by pouring kerosene on his body but the police foiled his attempt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "15862247", "title": "Cops with a vision, they pledge to donate their eyes", "text": "KOLLAM: In a state where police are yet to find a place in the hearts of people, police personnel at Sooranadu police station are trying to make a difference. Around 50 police officers here along with their relatives celebrated Onam by pledging to donate their eyes.\"Our police station would be the first one in the history of the state to conduct such an Onam celebration. All officers in this station along with their relatives have agreed to donate their eyes and signed an agreement in this regard which was handed over to deputy DMO Babu Chandran in a function named 'Kazhcha 2012' as part of our Onam celebrations,\" sub inspector Sandeep K T told TOIApart from this they also organized a sumptuous Onam sadya for the orphans of Karunya Charitable Trust and honoured retired police officers in the village. Actor Madhupal distributed 'Onakkodi' to the retired policemen and also to the orphans. According to senior civil police officer Gopalakrishnan, it was just a continuation of the many initiatives taken up by the cops. The station in the past had conducted many such activities to reach out to the public.Every month the officers would conduct an awareness programme for the locals. A blood group assessment camp was conducted last month in which hundreds of the villagers took part.\"After the camp we compiled a blood directory, where we recorded all the details of the people with various blood groups. In case of an emergency, the directory will be helpful. This initiative was a success and we are getting numerous calls daily,\" he said.Another programme in the pipeline is a free mechanical check up for vehicles, which is scheduled for September first week.\"The rise in road accidents is giving headache to the police across the state. Most victims in these cases were youngsters of the age group 19-24. Mechanical defects played a role in many accidents and as an initiative to prevent this; we are conducting a free mechanical check up for vehicles. Vehicle owners can check the defects of the vehicles and can rectify it free of cost on that particular day,\" said Sandeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15869732", "title": "Rickshaw-puller, migrant labourer found dead", "text": "LUDHIANA: The news of twin murders rocked the industrial hub once again on Monday morning, when a rickshaw-puller and migrant labourer were found dead in different parts of the city.Charanjeet Singh, 40, was found dead under the bridge near Shaheed Sukhdev Inter-state Bus Terminal on Monday. Sources in police said he was stabbed with a sharp-edged weapon on the right side of his neck. Resident of Ambedkar Nagar, Charanjeet was a rickshaw-puller near bus stand. Preliminary investigation revealed that Charanjeet was killed on Sunday night or in the wee hours of Monday.In charge of bus stand police post, Sarbjeet Singh said, \"We received information about the murder at 10am. The deceased was unmarried and had two brothers. His family was away to Amritsar for some medical treatment when the murder happened.\"In another incident, the body of 32-year-old Rajesh Kumar was found at his residence in Sherpur Area. He belonged to Bihar.Focal Point SHO Davinder Kumar said, \"A relative of deceased informed us about the murder. In his statement to police, Manoj said when they reached the building, they saw Rajesh's body on the floor. He further said it seemed that he was thrown from the third floor where he was staying.\"Police have registered a murder case against unidentified persons based on the statement of Manoj. \"We are still verifying whether it was a murder,\" the SHO added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15854462", "title": "Immersion rules being violated, says Dabholkar", "text": "PUNE: Social activist Narendra Dabholkar on Monday alleged that the local self-government bodies in the state were not following the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board's guidelines for ensuring eco-friendly immersion of Ganesh idols. Idols continued to be immersed in rivers and water bodies, he said.Dabholkar said he would order video recording of the immersion process at various points in the city and submit the footage to the Bombay high court.Addressing a news conference here on Monday, Dabholkar said, \"The Supreme Court has also directed the state to follow the guidelines to reduce the pollution of water bodies. It is unfortunate that the state government is not keen on undertaking any initiative to curb pollution and promote eco-friendly celebration of the festival.\"Dabholkar said he has informed chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and the state environment minister about his intention to record the immersion and submit the footage to the high court.Citing the inadequate capacity of the water tanks constructed by Pune Municipal Corporation for immersion purpose, Dabholkar said, \"Compared to the number of idols immersed, the tanks have limited capacity. As the idols take longer to dissolve, some idols are immersed in the river, thus defeating the purpose for an eco-friendly festival.\"Dabholkar said that there should be more facilities and tanks for the purpose of immersion. Semi-government officers like Home-Guards can be appointed on immersion day to assist people in immersing the idols in the corporation tanks and not in the rivers, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15867406", "title": "Police on fast track with hot wheels", "text": "Tamil Nadu's police officers are zipping around in swanky cars and high-end patrol vehicles. The old white Ambassador has made way for Hondas and Toyotas \u2014 at considerable cost to the state but, as some say, with little effect on the standard of policing. When TOI contacted police officers and constables, an overwhelming majority said the new cars have added sheen to their image, and in due course will help in improving policing. \"It is a form of comfort. If police inspectors or traffic inspectors need a vehicle, they make use of these vehicles,\" a policeman said.The makeover, which began several years ago with the induction of models such as Hyundai Accent, now extends to patrolling vehicles as well as those used by senior officers. For instance, 87 Mahindra Boleros joined the Chennai police fleet last month. \"The total fleet size is now 124. In addition, 37 Toyota Innovas will be acquired in a month's time,\" said a police officer.The Chennai police will eventually replace all its old cars. The Innovas will be used by stations in the extended parts of the city. \"The cars in the extended areas usually have to travel long distances and Innovas are better suited for that,\" the officer said.Former Chennai city police commissioner P Nanchil Kumaran told TOI that purchasing high-end cars like Honda City will boost the image of the police. \"Travelling in swanky cars does not have anything to do with the performance of a police officer, so why should the officer sacrifice status for simplicity?\"Chennai city police commissioner J K Tripathy said the new vehicles have been very useful. \"We have put all the patrol vehicles under the control of the newly created deputy commissioner of police (control room),\" he said. \"Though their contribution to policing is not immediately evident, these vehicles help us get to the crime scene quicker and prevent or solve crimes better.\"However, not everyone agrees that policing has kept pace with the upgradation. Choolaimedu Exnora Innovators Club secretary S Kasthuri Rangan said the new cars may make police officers look better but their performance does not appear to have improved . \"The ability to counter crime depends on the efficiency of the police officer not the vehicle he drives,\" he said.Another critic of the upgradation plan said the tax-payer was paying a steep price for it, but getting little in return. \"Hyundai donated 100 Accent cars to the police shortly after it established its manufacturing unit in Sriperumbudur under DMK regime,\" he said. \"Though the cars are still in good condition, we received orders to dump the cars and replace them with Mahindra Boleros. They are now lying unused in yards in various police stations.\"Within the force, however, the view is that it was necessary to phase out the old models. \"Unlike outdated cars, the new ones will last longer and help police officers patrol better,\" said an officer.Law Enforcers ON THE MOVEPatrol cars are fitted with digital cameras, wireless communication devices, public address systems and loudspeakers The interceptor vehicle used by traffic police is equipped with a speed gun to monitor the speed of a vehicle, breath analyzer to detect if motorist are drunk Many high-end cars procured by the Chennai police also have GPS connection to establish communication, apart from the public address system, loudspeaker and other gadgets At least 15 Bolero vehicles handed over to the Chennai city traffic police have gadgets to check smoke emission", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15868366", "title": "No salary after October for govt employees without Aadhaar card", "text": "RANCHI: Several months after the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) started its project for enrollment and distribution of Aadhaar cards to citizens in Jharkhand, the state government has now decided to make it mandatory for payment of salary and pension to state employees. The move seems to have given the necessary impetus to the enrolment process which was, otherwise, slow during the second phase.Long queues could be seen at the permanent enrollment centres on Monday who arrived here after obtaining information about the functioning of permanent centres from various sources. The process of enrollment that was being carried out through agencies and by holding camps in different parts of the state got good response of people and the registrars (government representatives) along with UIDAI office in Jharkhand completed the target of enrolling 80 lakh people by January 2012 which was well ahead of the target set for March 31.The process became slow once UIDAI decided to withhold the process once the target was completed. It was after launch of second phase in April 2012 that the process of the enrollment progressed at a slow pace.At present nine permanent counters for enrollment and collection of biometric details are functioning in Ranchi district further subdivided into urban and rural pockets. For Ranchi urban four centres -- one each at General Post Office, Ranchi, GPO Doranda, AG office Doranda and at Commerce Tower, main road -- are operational. Under urban category two centres for Namkom -- one at post office at NIFFT campus, Hatia and another at post office at Namkom Bazar, whereas for Kanke -- one centre on Ranchi University campus is operational. For the rural populace one centre each has been opened at Knke and Silli.Sunil Kumar Baxi, In-charge at the commerce tower enrollment centre, said the rate of enrollment was slow initially but it picked pace since August 25. \"We enrolled 107 people since the centre became operational on August 4 and on Monday as many as 100 people came for enrollment,\" he said. Admitting that the level of awareness about the enrollment centres, particularly in the wake of lack of advertisement or dissemination of required information, Baxi said people not having access to internet are facing trouble. \"Many of them come to inquire what formalities they have to fulfil to get enrolled,\" he said.Officials at UIDAI office here said details about Aadhaar enrollment were available on the official website of UIDAI. \"A person can go to any authorized Aadhaar enrollment centre anywhere in India with an identity and address proof. UIDAI process accepts 18 documents as proof of identity and 33 documents as proof of address,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15859146", "title": "Youth who attacked panchayat chief held", "text": "MADURAI: The youth, who stabbed Melavalavu panchayat president, Vijayaragavan (45) was arrested by the Melur police on Monday. Vijayaragavan was stabbed by the youth on Sunday evening who was later identified by police as Vimal Raj (30), son of former president of the panchayat, Murugesan, who was slain by a gang in 1997. Melavalavu was infamous for the brutal murder of six dalits, including the then panchayat president Murugesan by the dominant non-dalits.On Sunday evening, Vimal asked for a lift from Vijayaragavan when he was coming in his two-wheeler and after travelling some distance, he stabbed him from behind and fled from the spot. The president was rescued by the villagers and was admitted to a private hospital in a critical state. The attack had sparked tension in the communally-sensitive village.Under these circumstances, Melur police arrested Vimal Raj and he has been remanded in judicial custody. Fortunately, in this incident, it was another caste Hindu Malaisamy from the village who wanted to get rid of Vijayaragavan as the latter had defeated him in the local body elections.Madurai SP, V Balakrishanan said that it was Malaisamy who conspired to kill Vijayaragavan due to election rivalry and Vimal was in need of some money so Malaisamy decided to use him to finish off Vijayaragavan.\"We have arrested Vimal on charges of attempt to murder and he has been remanded,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15859084", "title": "Govt's 'indifference' in 2002 riots cases questioned in SC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat government is in the dock for not questioning acquittals in 2002 riot cases. An appeal with regard to this \"inaction\" has been filed in the Supreme Court.Social activist and former Gujarat cadre IAS officer Harsh Mander on Monday filed the compliance petition in the apex court contending that inaction and indifference on part of the state government in questioning the acquittals are nothing but noncompliance of the court directions that were issued on August 23, 2004.In a judgment in 2004, by which the Supreme Court had directed Gujarat government to reopen more than 2,000 cases of the 2002 riots, in which the state police had filed summary reports. The apex court had also asked the state government to actively pursue the litigation by way of filing appeals in higher courts against the acquittals. The SC had not issued express directions to file appeal against acquittal in all cases though.Mander told TOI, \"Filing an appeal against acquittal is not primarily the victim's responsibility. When the state is a prosecuting agency, it is incumbent upon it to challenge the acquittal. The system collapses when the state functions against the victim and in favour of the accused.\" Mander cited various cases to substantiate his argument that the acquittals should not attain finality merely because the state government's apathy.On Monday, a division bench of Gujarat HC admitted an appeal in a 2002 riots case that took place in Balol-Ruppur village of Kheda. The court pardoned a delay of 1,295 days when one of the victims filed an appeal against acquittal of 37 persons, who allegedly burned a maulvi, Mansur Alam, in the village mosque on February 28, 2002.All 37 accused belong to Patel community, and the state government did not file an appeal for nearly four years after they were acquitted on May 31, 2008. Meanwhile, four accused persons have passed away, said witnesses' counsel Rajesh Shah.In April this year, the high court acquitted 12 persons who were sentenced to life imprisonment in 2003 in connection with killing of 14 Muslims near Ghodasar village. In this case, total 51 persons were acquitted. The government neither sought enhancement of punishment for convicts, nor challenged the acquittals.While the state government moved concerned courts ahead of prosecuting agencies like the CBI in the Haren Pandya murder case or the Supreme Court-appointed SIT in the Godhra carnage case, it is yet to file an appeal in the Ode massacre cases though the limitation period of three months has lapsed, said advocate Irshad Mansuri who represents victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "tampa (florida)", "code": "15847965", "title": "Dampa in Tampa: Isaac rains on the Republican parade", "text": "TAMPA (FLORIDA): There were empty seats aplenty on the Monday morning flight from Washington DC to Tampa. This could mean two things: party stalwarts had already gathered in Tampa for the Republican National Convention starting later in the day. Or they were staying away from the convention because of Isaac, the gathering storm that is threatening to develop into a hurricane. Wait...there could be a third explanation: party faithful don't particularly come to conventions. They are just required to turn up at polling booth on Election Day. Conventions are for party bosses and their minions.American political conventions are essentially coronations. There's no suspense, no intrigue, no thrill. From punch lines to panegyrics, everything is choreographed and canned, ready to be unleashed on a faithful flock waving party colors. In Tampa, the crowning of Mitt Romney as the Republican presidential candidate is a foregone conclusion. The only thing that remains on the agenda is to patch up a few bruised egos (of losers and wannabes), mollify sulking colleagues, and present a united front to challenge Obama and the Democrats, who will gather at a similar convention in Charlotte , North Carolina, next week.So what really happens at conventions? Aside from politicking and posturing, there's a whole lot of partying. Really. Not kidding. Lobbyists and shills of all persuasion turn up at conventions -- from gun rights adherents to the alcohol industry promoters -- and throw parties awash with both arm candy and liquor. There is serious stuff too -- health care, telecom etc -- but few have any time for real issues, much less foreign policy deliberations. On Monday, a briefing on \"impact of Obama economy on women\" was postponed. Elsewhere, Republicans inaugurated a \"debt clock\" which will measure the increase in US indebtedness during the four days of convention. But the one regret you could hear even on the flight from Washington DC to Tampa was that Isaac had rained off all the yacht parties planned during the convention, even though the storm had veered west and spared the convention from being completely washed out.For the few Indian scribes foraging for a \"desi\" angle to the convention, it's slim pickings. Louisiana's Indian-American governor Bobby Jindal , one of the keynote speakers, has decided to give the convention a miss and Isaac threatened a hit on his state in terms that is reminding everyone of Hurricane Katrina. South Carolina government Nikki Haley is still on the list, but even better, word has come through that the Republican Party has agree to have Sikh troupe perform a kirtan after the opening national anthem invocation in a tribute to the community members who were slain in the Gurdwara shootings in Wisconsin. Whether that will help the party salvage the snafu after its candidate pronounced Sikhs as \"sheikhs\" is anyone's guess. In all this tamasha, no one seems to remember that Nikki Haley nee Nimrata Randhawa is a former Sikhni, but perhaps she herself does not want that to be a matter of scrutiny, having converted to Christianity despite professing pride in her Sikh heritage.The Indian ambassador to United States (currently Nirupama Rao) typically attends both party conventions to get a sense of the political mood and future direction (especially if there is a change in the administrations). But foreign policy issues usually get token attention, and India, despite all the chest-thumping at home, is really quite marginal even now in the American scheme of things. Tagged with China when it comes to demonization it takes on a bigger profile that it merits, but that's not something to crow about.Some 16 years ago, at a Republican convention in San Diego (that involved the coronation of Bob Dole as the GOP candidate), your correspondent got so bored that he fled across the border to Tijuana in Mexico, where he encountered adventures worthy of his recklessness (at that time). There's no escape this time. Isaac is driving everyone indoors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "15849554", "title": "\u2018Polluting\u2019 Thane firm to shift base", "text": "THANE: Residents staying in complexes along the Ghodbunder Road and in Kolshet area can breathe easy: The last of the coal-fired industries in this belt\u2014Shree Shanti Processors\u2014is said to have announced relocation of its operations elsewhere.The continuous release of thick black smoke from the chimneys of this textile processing unit in Kolshet was proving to be a health hazard for citizens residing in housing complexes nearby. Citizen activist Satyajit Shah, a resident of Hyde Park, has been at the forefront of a campaign against polluting industries which used coal as fuel. Shah filed an RTI query and found that five companies\u2014Narendra Silk Mills, Ravi Steel, Clariant, Colour Chem and Shree Shanti Processors\u2014were the main contributors to pollution due to burning of coal in their boiler units.Shah scored his first victory when the Clariant announced closure of its operations in 2010, followed by Ravi Steel in January 2011 and Narendra Silk Mills in November 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15868618", "title": "Trapped in realty labyrinth", "text": "MOHALI: Sudhir Singla of Sector 8 Panchkula had invested Rs 60 lakh as advance money for a flat in an upcoming residential colony near Zirakpur in 2008 and the construction company had assured him that he would be given possession of his flat by December 2011. But Singla came to know that even the foundation of the building had not been laid yet. Besides there were around 60 others, who too had given advance money to the construction company, the total amount adding up to around Rs 10 crore. Singla and others lodged an FIR at the Zirakpur police station last month in this regard.The scenario in the periphery of Chandigarh comprising areas like Zirakpur, Derabassi and Mullanpur in Mohali is no different. As land prices are shooting up and private investors and colonizers are constructing private colonies, people are investing their hard-earned money in flats but many are falling prey to the designs of cheat colonizers.Apart from fraud cases relating to private colonies, there are over 50 cases as well as complaints related to property frauds in the last two-and-a half years, wherein land owners have 'solda' the same plot to as many as three buyers. These cases too are being investigated by Mohali district police. The modus operandi of these colonizers is the same -- they take advance money from people interested in buying flats and start construction work with that money. However, in most cases, colonizers fail to complete the construction work due to shortage of funds, a senior police official said.A case was registered against a leading construction company in Zirakpur recently, wherein more than 500 people from Tricity and other cities of Haryana and Punjab had invested crores of rupees but the company failed to give possession of flats to investors in the promised time. The prime suspect, Jeevan Garg, is absconding, while some of the persons who were booked have been arrested.Inspector Tarlochan Singh, SHO of the police station in Zirakpur said, \"Other than the cases against private colonizers, there are around 50 FIRs that have been registered during the period of last two years, in which the plot owner sold the same piece of land to three persons, taking advance money from each of them.\"Sudhir Bansal of Phase-VIII in Mohali, purchased a plot near Derabassi, but he had no idea that it had been a??solda?? to two more people. \"Though an FIR was lodged with the district police, I was advised to approach the district court because the matter had become a property dispute,\" Bansal said.SP, Mohali, Swarandeep Singh said, \"Three police stations including Derabassi, Zirakpur and Nayagaon are investigating a lot of property related crime cases and some of the FIRs have been transferred to the economic offences wing of the district police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15858445", "title": "3 from Nagpur killed, 15 injured in bus accident", "text": "NAGPUR: Three persons were killed and around 15 injured, two of them critically, when a speeding truck collided with a bus carrying 40 people from Nagpur. The accident happened near Hendaj village diversion, about three km from Murtizapur town, on Monday afternoon.Pramod Dharme (45), Kishor Ingle (34) and Ramdas Sonbarse (30), all residents of Om Nagar, Sakkardara, were killed on the spot.According to the police, some 40 Om Nagar residents had hired a private bus for a religious tour to Mahur on Saturday evening. After offering prayers at Mahur, the pilgrims went to Shegaon on Sunday. On Monday afternoon, the bus was moving towards Nagpur when the accident happened.The injured include 11 women. A pal of gloom descended on Om Nagar after the accident. Besides relatives and family members, ward corporator Prashant also rushed to the spot. The bodies were shifted to Nagpur late in the night while the injured will be shifted to Nagpur hospitals by Tuesday morning.Police said truck heavily brushed the right side of the bus and its side hooks snagged and dragged the bus some distance. The collision was so strong that the deceased were almost crushed while many of the injured were thrown out of the bus. Cops said a few of the injured may have to undergo amputation of limbs.Among the deceased, Dharme, a teacher, had gone with his wife Sangeeta while his son and daughter were with grandparents in the city. Sonbarse, also a teacher, had gone with his wife and two sons. Sangeeta and Sonbarse's wife and sons also suffered serious injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "rampachodavaram (east godavari)", "code": "15871701", "title": "IPS officer alleges threat to life from senior", "text": "RAMPACHODAVARAM (EAST GODAVARI): In a cop vs cop case, two IPS officers have locked horns in this coastal district.Assistant superintendent of police (ASP) of Ramapachodavaram division Naveen Kumar filed a complaint against his boss, the district superintendent of police (SP) Trivikram Varma on Monday alleging that he faced a threat to his life from the senior officer. He also alleged that he was being harassed by the SP.The complaint was filed at the Rampachodavaram police station. The assistant SP alleged that he feared for his life as there had also been an attempt to kill him. He said barely a week ago the steering wheel of his vehicle had come loose at Jaggampeta. Luckily for Naveen, he was not travelling in the car when it happened . He said the steering wheel had been repaired at the instance of the SP's office in Kakinada had been deliberately left loose.The Maredamalli police had taken into custody a few ganja smugglers two months back and also shot one of their companions in an encounter . The assistant SP alleged that the SP had threatened the Maredamalli police that he would put them behind bars, if they did not release the captives. It was also alleged that SP Trivikram Varma developed strong links with the ganja smugglers during his tenure in Rampachodavaram . Naveen who was posted as assistant SP Parvathipuram , his first posting after probation, had similar issues with the Vizianagaram district SP and had also complained to the DGP, sources claimed.Naveen said he had recorded evidence of the SP being hand in glove with ganja smugglers and was receiving protection money to the tune of Rs 1 lakh to 1.5 lakh, which was allegedly being collected by his driver Basavapunayya. Ever since Naveen took charge in Rampachodavaram three months ago, he had been at loggerheads with the SP.Naveen was allegedly transferred because of his stringent attitude concerning the Komarada power plant issue when he was said to have irked the management of the plant. The Nizamabad native's tenure as assistant SP in Parvathipuram ended with him suffering a mild stroke.Efforts to get in touch with East Godavari district S P Trivikram Varma for his comments on the complaint proved futile. The Rampachodavaram police also refused to divulge details about the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15859953", "title": "Man dies as drunk cop fires during Mary Kom's reception", "text": "IMPHAL: A rousing reception organized on Sunday for Olympic bronze medalist MC Mary Kom at Churachandpur town in Manipur was marred by the killing of a 64-year-old man by a cop.The glittering programme, under the banner 'Homecoming', was organized jointly by the district administration and the Autonomous District Council (ADC), and gave the boxing champion a surprise gift of a stretch of road in the town being named after her.But midway through the felicitation programme, marked by a variety of cultural and entertainment shows, a police constable deployed at the venue fired a bullet from his service rifle, injuring an aged local man, T Dongzapau, who came to witness the programme from Hiangtam Lamka village around 4pm on Sunday.The cop, Nangkhansuan, who belonged to the same village, was in an inebriated condition when he shot the man. The policeman was arrested immediately while the injured man was rushed to the Churachandpur district hospital, where he succumbed to his wound in the evening.A case has been registered against the police constable who is now in the custody of Churachandpur police station. Sources said departmental action will also be initiated against the cop.However, the reception programme continued after the shootout. Minutes after Mary, along with her husband Onler Kom and family members, reached the Lamka public ground, the main reception venue at Churachandpur town, around 1pm, she was honoured by NCC cadets and a band party of the India Reserve Battalion (IRB).The five-time world champion and mother of two began her sporting career from her native village Kangathei in Churachandpur district before switching to her formal practice platform in Imphal.The ADC presented Mary a 'mithun'\u2014a semi-domesticated animal\u2014and much to her surprise christened a 3km stretch of road in Tuibuong area 'MC Mary Kom Ring Road'.Manipur health minister Phungzathang Tonsing, who hails from the same district, presented a graphic sketch of the ring road to Mary. MLAs, ADC members and prominent personalities of the Kuki-Chin-Mizo group and hordes of fans also showered gifts on her. Commander of Assam Rifles' 27 Sector also presented her with a coveted memento of the force.Wearing her Olympic medal, a beaming Mary said she has attained her dream because of the people's blessings and prayer. The state government, besides promoting her to the post of superintendent of police gave Mary a cash award of Rs 75 lakh and three acres of land for her boxing academy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15867368", "title": "Kids block road to seek school building", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Vehicular movement on national highway 224 connecting Nayagarh-Berhampur was blocked by nearly 300 schoolchildren of Kendriya Vidyalay at Nayagarh demanding a school building. The school was running temporarily in Nayagarh Autonomous College for the last one year, but the latter refused to accommodate the school any more.Sources said the school was set up in 2010 but due to lack of a permanent building, it was temporarily run at the Nayagarh Autonomous College building on the basis of a one year contract. Since the contract was over on Monday they stopped allowing school teachers and students to enter into the college campus.\"A high level meeting is going on under the chairmanship of Nayagarh collector to find a solution to the problem,\" said vice principal of the school, P C Panda. \"We are yet to get land from the state government where we would construct the school building. The college authorities have been complaining that they are facing problem due to the school running in their campus, but they did not hint that they will locked up the classes all of a sudden,\" Panda added.\"In the morning when I reached school to drop my kid, I saw the classrooms were locked up and school furniture was kept outside. How can the college authorities do this, they should have given a prior notice before taking the extreme step,\" said Manoj Sahu, a guardian.When contacted principal of the college P C Swain said, \"We are trying to short it out soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15851001", "title": "Vizag airport gets nod to expand operational hours", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The ministry of defence has finally approved to extend the current operational hours of Vizag airport by three hours. The airport can now operate till 11 pm. The news of the much-needed approval was announced by the Vizag MP and Union minister of state for human resource development Purandeswari and Union minister of state for defence M Pallam Raju, on Monday in Delhi. Following the approval, there will be more late night flights to and from Vizag.According to O Naresh Kumar, secretary of Vizag Air Travellers Association (VATA), officials of Changi Airport, Singapore and a senior team of SilkAir, would be coming to Vizag on the 12th of September to conduct a road show to announce the schedule for operations which could begin in the next two months.\"An eight-member team of Silk Air was in Vizag a few days ago on a fact finding mission. Apart from meeting the officials concerned, they also studied the potential of Vizag as a business centre and toured the IT park apart from checking out some of the major malls in the city,\" Naresh Kumar said.The VATA secretary further said that they had met the Sri Lankan High Commissioner and invited the commercial team of Sri Lanka or Mihin Airways.Moreover an invite has been extended to the Thai High Commissioner too. Plans are also underway to ensure a direct Emirates flight to Dubai from Vizag, without a stop over in Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15858981", "title": "Painful periods? Beware of endometriosis", "text": "NAGPUR: Infertility is becoming more common than it is believed. Many-a-times, the infertility is brought about by previously existing conditions like urinary tract infections (UTI) or endometriosis that reduce the chances of a woman conceiving. While the former is known to affect half of the women at least sometime in their life, the latter is a perennial condition.City-based gynaecologists got together to discuss the two disorders recently at a CME organized by Nagpur Obstetrics and Gynaecological Society (NOGS). Senior physician from the city Dr Jay Deshmukh spoke about UTIs while Dr Kaustubh Kulkarni, a member of the American Society for Reproductive Medicine (ASRM), who runs an infertility clinic in Mumbai, spoke about endometriosis calling it an enigmatic disease.\"Everyday we have girls from all age groups come to us with symptoms like very painful periods and pain during intercourse. These may point towards the prevalence of diseases that can lead to several problems including infertility. Since these problems can be due to various reasons, women confuse them with fungal or vaginal infections,\" said Dr Ankita Kothe, president of NOGS.Though it is known that every fifth girl suffers from endometriosis presently, the disorder is underdiagnosed and is often detected very late, said Dr Kulkarni. \"Studies have shown that it is a big problem in BRIC countries. The problem with endometriosis is that it is an accelerating condition, or one that gets worse with time. If detected early, the woman can make a choice whether or not to have children and how,\" he said.Therapy for the condition has to be tailor-made to suit the social, economical and other situations of the patients. \"A woman with this disease is like a swimmer in shark-infested waters. It may be possible to help her conceive, if she is lucky. The chances of natural conception increase if the girl gets treatment early. At times, even younger girls need to take help of assisted reproductive techniques. Since, pregnancy suppresses the progress and progression of the condition,\" said Dr Kulkarni. In some Western countries, the norm is to give strong therapy if there is even a little suspicion of the condition, he said.Former president of NOGS Dr Ujwala Deshmukh says that even some teenagers are now being detected with the disorder. \"We encourage these girls to marry and have children as early as possible. With the right medication and support, most of them do conceive. The increasing number of women suffering this condition is due to delay in pregnancy, due to late marriages and being career-oriented,\" she said.\"Out of the 50% women who have UTIs, 5% may end up with chronic kidney failure. During pregnancy, these infections can harm both the mother and the foetus. It may lead to low birth weight babies or still births. In mother, it may cause sepsis or multi-organ failure,\" said Dr Deshmukh. Women are more prone to these infections just before adolescence, just after marriage or becoming sexually active, during pregnancy and in the post menopausal phase, he said. Giving more attention to personal hygiene and routine urinary examinations can help in early detection of the disease, he advised.If a woman has any manifestation of the symptoms, she should immediately consult a doctor. \"Avoid self medication as it may mean you are taking wrong or incomplete dosage of medicines. Also, it will build immunity towards the antibiotics used,\" said Dr Vaidehi Marathe, secretary of NOGS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-28"}
