{"city": "pune", "code": "13308218", "title": "Kolkata beat Pune to seal second play-off place", "text": "PUNE: Though Team Pune would have finished among the bottom two regardless of the result of their last league match on Sunday night, there was a festive atmosphere at the home stadium during their clash with Kolkata. The galleries were almost packed to capacity, but it was not a wicket on which the batsmen could entertain.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | In PicsIn the end, local fans left disappointed as Pune succumbed yet again, handing Kolkata the second play-off place and a 34-run win. Gautam Gambhir's boys will now take on Delhi in 'Qualifier 1' on Tuesday.Kolkata made 136/4 after winning the toss on a pitch where the ball was not coming on to the bat, although given the quality of their batting lineup they should have scored more. The visitors, needing to win this match to ensure a top-two finish, rode on the lucky Shakib Al Hasan (42 off 30 balls; 3x4s, 2x6s) and an unusually sedate Brendon McCullum (41 off 43).Even 136, however, proved sufficient as Pune could manage only 102/8 in reply. Kolkata's battery of spinners - Yusuf Pathan, Shakib Al Hasan, Sunil Narine and Iqbal Abdullah - combined with Rajat Bhatia's slowish medium pace to prove too much for Pune's batsmen.Earlier, Pune's left-arm spinner Ali Murtaza bowled in the Powerplay and newly-wed Michael Clarke got in his full quota, conceding 27 and bagging a wicket. Left-arm paceman Wayne Parnell was the most successful bowler for Pune with 2-18. Bhuvnesh Kumar was impressive with his discipline and the way he yorked Shakib was a highlight.Captain Gautam Gambhir punched a four to the left of extra-cover off Murtaza in the fourth over, but his and Jacques Kallis' soft dismissals meant Kolkata were always going to struggle to score 150 unless Yusuf Pathan had one of those wild days. But he could score only 15 off his 10 balls.For Pune, Steven Smith and Angelo Mathews were unfit and sat out, with Wayne Parnell and Clarke coming in. The hosts played Ali Murtaza and MP batsman Harpreet Singh in place of leggie Rahul Sharma and left-arm spinner Murali Kartik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "13310021", "title": "Scheduled Tribes body urges govt to look into promises made to tribal rulers", "text": "SHILLONG: The National Commission for Scheduled Tribes has directed the Union ministry of tribal affairs to look into the commitments made to the independent tribal rulers in Meghalaya as per the instrument of accession and annexed agreement to avoid Constitutional anomaly. The direction was issued recently on the basis of a representation made by an association of the traditional tribal chiefs, the Federation of Khasi states, way back in 2010.\"We have received a representation from John F Kharshiing, adviser and spokesperson of the Federation of Khasi States on the subject for appropriate action in the matter under intimation,\" B Ram, research officer of the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes said. The spokesperson of the Khasi states had informed the commission that a \"constitutional anomaly\" has adversely affected the customary rights of land, forest, water, revenue and mineral resources of the tribals in Meghalaya.\"The Union government had accepted the treaty of the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement of 1947 signed between the Khasi states on August 17, 1948. However, because of the non-inclusion of this agreement by incorporating it in the Constitution, complication has arisen in various aspects in the customary laws in the Khasi and Jaintia hills of Meghalaya,\" Kharshiing said.With the state coming within the ambit of the 6th Schedule to the Constitution, Meghalaya does not have a panchayati system. The traditional bodies function like panchayats in the state. In the representation to the Commission, Kharshiing explained the nuances of traditional \"Khasi democracy\" even as he demanded for due cognizance of the traditional heads and grassroots organizations like the Dorbar and Rangbah Shnong, aimed at preserving the customary laws of the tribals in Meghalaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "13310742", "title": "Santosh Trophy: Bengal face prospect of being dumped", "text": "CUTTACK: Two-time defending champions Bengal find themselves in a tough situation in the National Football Championship for the Santosh Trophy.The defeat at the hands of Maharashtra in their campaign opener has pushed Bengal to a must-win situation. But even if they win their remaining two Group A quarterfinal league games - against Kerala on the morrow and Punjab on Tuesday - Bengal are not guaranteed of making the Santosh Trophy semis as only one team will progress to the last four from the group.Qualifiers Maharashtra, who face Punjab in Sunday's afternoon game at the Barabati Stadium, will emerge as group toppers and march into the knockout stages if they win all three. So not only do Bengal need to win both matches, they will have to rely on favourable results from the Maharashtra games.The best scenario for Bengal would be if Maharashtra lose both their matches, or lose one and draw one. If the two teams finish tied on points (two wins apiece), Maharashtra will pip Bengal on the head-to-head criterion.The other possibility is that of Bengal, Maharashtra and Kerala all logging two victories each, in which case the goal-difference will be taken into account to identify the semifinalist from Group A. There is also a chance of Maharashtra, Kerala and Bengal all finishing on six points and in that case goal difference will be taken into account.Bengal coach Shabbir Ali agreed that it is a difficult situation to be in. \"I am disappointed with the way we lost on Friday... Our chances of progressing have become remote,\" he said. \"We have to win the remaining two matches to keep alive our slim chance.\"Kerala, their opponents on Sunday, are on a three-match winning run (including the clusters games) and the come-from-behind win over Punjab must have boosted them even more. \"Yes, the win has given the boys confidence, but we again missed quite a few goals and the chance to win by a bigger margin,\" said Kerala coach MM Jacob.In the other encounter, Maharashtra will be looking to reproduce Friday's form against Punjab. Irenio Vaz's boys controlled the midfield quite well on Friday and that will again be important against former champions Punjab, who love to sit back, absorb the pressure and hit back on counters.Odisha blank ChattisgarhOdisha blanked Chattisgarh 4-0 in their opening Group C quarterfinal league game in Cuttack on Saturday.Gokul Oram scored a fine hat-trick while Antu Murmli had scored the team's second goal. In the earlier match of Group C, Services made a convincing start as they thrashed Haryana 4-0. Meanwhile, in Group D matches in Bhubaneswar, Mizoram held Railways 2-2 while Tamil Nadu got past Delhi by a solitary goal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13320100", "title": "Bumper wheat crop, limited storage facility", "text": "VARANASI: A number of trucks laden with wheat that queued up to the main food storage centre (regional depot) of the Food Corporation of India (FCI) godown in Manduadih were enough to indicate the bumper cropping season this year. However, the long waiting list of trucks to unload the sacs of wheat at the centre also presented an uncomfortable situation for storage of granaries.After witnessing a bumper wheat production in the region, the struggle for proper storage of harvested wheat in the post-harvesting season has began in the region. The coming days are promising to bring even heavier stock of wheat from different parts of the district. While the reports of district agriculture department suggest that the average wheat production (per hectare) has already gone up to 32 quintals (it was around 30 quintals last year), the limited storage capacity of government-owned godowns, especially for wheat, is also raising eyebrows over the claims of the agriculture officials about safe storage this year. Total area of cultivation in Varanasi district is about 69,650 hectares. If production on this entire land is calculated, the wheat production comes to a whopping 2,22,880 MT this year.\"The average wheat production has gone up this year with reports of average wheat production touching 32 quintals per hectare in the region. While it is a good new for farmers, it has also posed a challenge for safe and proper storage of wheat as it is being brought to the wheat procurement centres. Efforts are on to remove hassles for storage of wheat in the region,\" PN Singh, district agriculture officer, told TOI.It may be mentioned here that there are a total of 16 government approved wheat procurement centres in the district and the target fixed for wheat procurement from Varanasi district this year is 3,455 metric tonnes (MT). Similarly, as per reports of regional food controller (RFC) office, the target fixed for wheat procurement in Varanasi division (Varanasi, Chandauli, Ghazipur and Jaunpur) for the year 2012 is 1,13,805 metric tonnes (MT).Against the high target fixed for wheat procurement this year, reports of various government-owned godowns suggest that presently there is limited storage space available for wheat which may be inadequate to handle the procurement process which promises to gain momentum. Presently the storage space available for wheat is even less than half of the target (49,850 MT), which is enough to indicate the gravity of the situation. Out of it, storage capacity for wheat at two FCI godowns (situated in Manduadih and Vyasnagar) in the division is 17,250 MT as they are already filled with rice.According to HS Chaturvedi, RFC, alternative storage arrangements for wheat storage in the division have been made, including hiring State Warehousing Corporation (SWC) and Central Warehousing Corporation (CWC) godowns with combined capacity for storing 25,000 MT of wheat. In addition, storage capacity of mandi yard godown is 3,000 MT while the mandi's open area could store 4,600 MT of wheat in emergency condition, he added.Another problem hampering the storage and procurement process is the scarcity of gunny bags or jute sacs. As per RFC, the region is also struggling with scarcity of jute sacs, which is hampering the procurement and storage facilities. \"There is a requirement for nearly 6,540 bells of jute sacs (each bell has 500 jute sacs) in the region, but presently only 650 bells of jute sacs are available,\" he said.Meanwhile, reports from various wheat procurement centres suggest that these centres are soon going to be overloaded with dumping of harvested wheat from the rural areas. As per KK Mishra, in-charge of Ledhupur wheat procurement centre, against the capacity of 600 quintals, nearly one-third (200 quintals) of wheat has been already procured. \"But, the procurement has involved only two villages and the situation may become difficult once the harvested wheat starts pouring in from other villages in the vicinity,\" he informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13308646", "title": "TYBCom, BEd results next week", "text": "MUMBAI: The University of Mumbai may announce the results of TYBCom and BEd next week, just about meeting the deadline set by the law governing the institution.The Maharashtra Universities Act states that varsities must declare results within 30-45 days of an exam's concluding day. On Saturday evening, with all teachers back on evaluation duty, the university declared the results of four final-year undergraduate science exams, physics, math, statistics and zoology.Incidentally on Saturday, the attendance at the CAP (centralized assessment process) centres, where answer scripts are corrected, was similar to that over the past few days, when evaluators were on strike. This indicated that several of the teachers were actually reporting to work despite the strike, a university official said. In fact, among the 33 CAP centres, only 10 are now functioning as evaluation work at the remaining units has already been completed. The striking teachers who resumed work on Saturday, said contractual teachers had finished most of the assessment, but many moderators were not satisfied with the quality of checking.\"We have declared the results of 130 examinations. Now that the teachers' strike has ended, we hope to declare the remaining results not just in time, but before time,\" said director of examinations Subhash Deo. Assessment of 90% of the commerce papers was over and similar was the scene with the Bachelor's of Education paper, said a source. The results of all the TYBSc exams are ready.The final-year exams for Arts will end on May 27 and university officers said it would be a fortnight before which they would be able to declare those results as well, as assessment of the exams that had already been held has already started.Medical teachers to boycott exams, evaluationAbout 2,500 teachers in the 14 state-run medical colleges have decided to boycott the impending undergraduate and postgraduate practical and theory assessment to be conducted by the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) in June. This is in protest against government inaction regarding their non-practising allowance (NPA).On Saturday, the teachers sent a letter to the dean of JJ Group of hospitals, Dr T P Lahane, stating they would boycott the examinations and assessments. At present, their NPA, 35% of their basic salary, has not been updated to the level recommended by the Sixth Pay Commission. \"Our salaries were increased in November 2009, but the NPA has not been updated,\" said Dr N N Ramraje, president of the Maharashtra Medical Teachers' Association. Dr Lahane said the teachers' demand was valid but they should think about the plight of students before boycotting exams. Final-year undergraduate students could be worst affected as they may not be able to appear for their common entrance exams without their teachers certifying that they have completed their internship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13313356", "title": "Becoming a YouTube sensation happened by accident: Natalie Di Luccio", "text": "Natalie Di Luccio never thought even in her wildest dreams that her rendition of a popular Bollywood song, in anglicized accent , would garner millions of hits!Neither did she think that she would be singing for Bollywood films soon after that. The Canadian singer, who was learning classical music back home, recollects that going viral happened purely by accident, \"My brother is a guitarist and together, we were searching for an English cover on YouTube when I chanced upon this song Tu Jaane Na . I love different languages and soon, I fell in love with the song, especially its piano version by Sanjay Das. I was going through a bit of heartbreak back then and may be, that made me connect to the song even more. After uploading the song, I thought of deleting it because I felt people might make fun of my accent. Thankfully, I didn't delete it and it was unbelievable when the song received so many hits.\"Since then, Natalie has sung for films like Chalo Dilli ( Moments in Life ), Band Baaja Baraat ( Aadha Ishq ) and Bittoo Boss ( Tenu Tak De ) andtoured extensively with A R Rehman for live concerts. How did she get into singing? \"It was thanks to my mom, who suggested that I take it up because she felt I had a nice voice. I was about six then.\" she shares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13310945", "title": "Lighting up their lives with letters", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Velayudhan, who is serving a life-term for murder, is one among the hundreds who appeared for the seventh standard equivalency examinations conducted by the Kerala State Literacy Mission, here on Saturday.Velayudhan sat for the seventh standard equivalency examination. Words have brought light into his life and books have changed his life. \"I have read a lot of Osho's works, a number of short stories and poems in Malayalam. It was only last year I joined the mission for the standard 4 equivalency programme,\" he said. There is only one thing he looks forward to.\" I want to write,\" he said.Most of the candidates who took the examination are also those dropped out of school either because of they were orphaned at a young age or because of poverty. Renjith ran away to Chennai when he was 12, did odd jobs as a camera assistant in Tamil cinema sets. \"I have worked on the sets of movies like 'Swami' and 'Gilli',\" said Renjith. \"I joined the literacy programme so that I can find a decent job here,\" he added.The story of the four sisters Vanajakumari, Jayalekshmi, Girijakumari and Ushaleksmi is quite inspiring. They joined the literacy programme after they learned the pivotal role 'English' language plays in their daily lives.\"We work as maids in houses. Sometimes, our employers scold us in English and it was quite bad that we could not retaliate in the same language,\" she explained.\"Besides, English is everywhere, especially when there are forms to fill,\" she added.The reason for writing the examinations does not end here. Many were forced to continue their education because the new rules for obtaining passport, driving license and badges for taxis and autos.At 57, Chacko P A, an autorickshaw driver, took the exam because he needed a seventh-passed certificate to get an additional badge. \"I am supposed to have the badge for my job and I am grateful for this opportunity,\" he said. Young girls in their early 20s from Sugathakumari's Abhaya, home for the destitute women, also appeared for the exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "13309543", "title": "Piling debts drive farmer to suicide in Burdwan", "text": "BURDWAN: Unable to withstand the pressure of piling debts, a sharecropper took pesticide at Baranagar village under Pandua police station.Tapan Munda, 42, had allegedly incurred a huge debt in the market and drank pesticide on Thursday. He was rushed to the nearby Memari Block Health Centre where he died in the wee hours on Saturday.The sharecropper had cultivated boro crops on eight bighas. While some of the crops got infected, the others got damaged on the recent squalls. With mounting pressure from the local mahajans, Tapan committed suicide, alleged his elder brother Swapan Munda.Tapan was the sole bread winner of the family and is survived by a wife and three children. The body was sent for autopsy to Burdwan Medical College Hospital and later handed over to his family.Besides cultivating on the eight bighas, Tapan used to work as an agricultural labourer to supplement his income, said family sources. Bulbul mondal, the block agricultural officer of Pandua, said that she has send officials to probe the death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13308770", "title": "Bangalore kids to sway the Barcelona way", "text": "BANGALORE: There is no royal road to learning. This is the mantra with which the coaches of FC Barcelona aim to begin the club's long-term commitment towards Indian football in the country.Former Barcelona player Josep 'Pep' Moratalla, who will head a five-day FCBEscola camp at the Bangalore Football Stadium starting Monday, is hoping that the enthusiasm and energy that he saw among kids in New Delhi will be replicated by their Bangalore counterparts.\"India has a lot of passion for football. During the Delhi camp for our school (FCBEscola), I met several enthusiastic kids who were full of energy and eager to learn. I am expecting a similar response here (Bangalore) which we have heard has a great football culture. We are very excited to be here and hope our association with India will reap great rewards in the form of talented young footballers,\" Moratalla told STOI on Saturday.A total of 180 kids - some as young as six - will learn the tricks of the trade from some of the best coaches in the business. Split into three segments, the training, Moratalla said, will be the same as the one which is imparted to FC Barcelona's wards in Spain, a renowned youth module system that has produced some of the Catalan's best players such as Lionel Messi, Xavi, Iniesta and Puyol among others.\"We believe six is a crucial age to learn the fundamentals of the game. We will teach the kids to grasp the technical and tactical aspects of the sport. We are trying to inculcate our club's values and ideology and I hope we succeed in achieving our goal of training kids the Barca way,\" said the 53-year-old Moratella, who has played alongside Diego Maradona and Bernd Schuster for the Spanish giants during his heyday.Justifying the short duration of the camp, FCBEscola technical director Antoni Claveria said the focus was on establishing a sense of continuity in the programme which will see Barca coaches visiting India regularly in future.\"Obviously, it's not an easy task. This commitment requires continuity and that is our plan. This is just the inaugural training module we are having. This will warm the kids up to Barca's style of football and keep them prepared in its fundamentals when we host our next camp,\" said Antoni, who will be based at FCBEscola's New Delhi centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13309677", "title": "No need for Cauvery River Authority meet, says Basavaraj Bommaiin", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka government rejected Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa's demand for a Cauvery River Authority (CRA) meeting to discuss release of water to her state.\"There is no need for a CRA meeting as the state government has been complying with the interim award and releasing 205 tmcft of water every year to Tamil Nadu. The water release is being monitored by the Central Water Authority,'' water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai told reporters here on Saturday.Jayalalithaa , in a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh who heads CRA, charged Karnataka with unfair use of Cauvery water. \"Karnataka has been 'unjustly utilising' the water for summer irrigation from February to May by depleting storage in its four major reservoirs,'' she said in the letter.The combined gross storage in the four major reservoirs of Karnataka as on February 1, 2012, was 58.5 tmcft and on May 14, it was 28.176 tmcft, she claimed. \"Karnataka had depleted storage of about 30.33 tmcft from February 1, 2012 to May 14, 2012 besides utilizing the flows of about 11 tmcft. Thus, the total utilization during the period was about 41tmcft,'' she said.Due to depletion of storage during summer, Karnataka \"impounds\" initial monsoon flows in its dams and releases water only when they become surplus, she said, adding that this affected inflows into Mettur dam in Tamil Nadu. \"This consequently affects kuruvai (short term) crop very badly and also delays cultivation of samba (long term) crop in the state,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13309453", "title": "17,411 candidates to appear for Union Public Service Commission preliminary exam today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There is heavy rush of students appearing for the civil services (preliminary) exam of the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) this year. On Sunday, a total 17,411 candidates from all over the state will be in Ahmedabad to appear for this exam in 56 venues. Ahmedabad is the only centre for Gujarat.Ahmedabad district collector Vijay Nehra is in charge of the UPSC exam in Gujarat. He said that a last-minute meeting regarding preparations for the UPSC exam was held where details about the examination venues and supervision arrangements were reviewed.The preliminary exam will be held in two papers - one paper between 9.30am and 11.30am and the second paper from 2.30pm to 4.30pm. Students will not be allowed to take mobile phones or any other electronic instruments inside the exam hall.Nehra said that from this year, the Limited Competitive Exam had also been launched. In this exam, police officers of deputy superintendent rank can appear for IPS services. In all, 114 candidates have registered for this exam. tnnFrom this year, all students will be required to appear for uniform papers as part of their prelim exams. Earlier, while one paper used to be on general studies, the other was based upon the subject the candidates chose.The answer sheets will be assessed with the help of optical mark reader. The officials have charted 11 routes for the police and supervisors to reach the exam venues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "13310083", "title": "Barak valley pays ode to language martyrs", "text": "SILCHAR: The 52nd anniversary of language martyrdom was observed throughout Barak Valley on Saturday with full enthusiasm. People from various walks of life paid tribute to the martyrs. On this day in 1961 ten young men and a woman fell to the bullets of the state police fighting for the cause of their mother tongue, Bengali, at Silchar railway station on May 19.The 11 brave young men and women along with thousand other agitators had been protesting during the historic language movement against imposition of Assamese language on the Bengali-speaking populace of Barak Valley. The controversial circular was however later withdrawn.In Silchar, at 6.30 am on Saturday hundreds of people including students, cultural activists, people from the field of education and social activities, political leaders, senior officials of Cachar district administration paid floral tribute to the martyrs at the Silchar railway station, the place of police firing on May 19, 1961. Bunches of Krishnachura, a red-coloured-flower of spring, made the venue look all the more beautiful.At 8 am, they paid tribute at the Martyrs Column at Silchar crematorium and at 2.35 pm, the actual time of firing, hundreds of people gathered at the martyrs' memorial at Gandhi Bag to pay homage.Reports said similar programmes were organized in Karimganj and Hailakandi districts of the valley, in some parts of West Bengal and Bangladesh.Three towns of Silchar, Karimganj and Hailakandi hosted series of cultural programmes throughout the day where renowned artistes from Bengal and Bangladesh , apart from locals performed. A number of Dhaka and Kolkata-based eminent personalities from the fields of literature, education and journalism joined this year's celebrations of martyrs' day in Silchar.On Friday, the eve of the martyrs' day, cultural activists took out processions in Silchar, Karimganj and Hailakandi. Artistes, including those from Assam University, Silchar, decorated the Park Road area of the town in front of Martyrs Column with alpana.The programme was centrally organized by Sammilita Sanskritik Manch, a platform of different cultural organizations, Bhasha Sahid Station Smaran Samiti and Barak Upatyaka Banga Sahitya O Sanskriti Sanmilan. The organizers' demanded rechristening of the Silchar railway station as Bhasa Shahid (Language Martyrs') station and making the Meharotra Commission's report probing the incident of firing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13309264", "title": "Data on medical aid in city soon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you have been left wondering whether your nearest clinic or hospital has an X-ray facility or not, do not worry. There shall soon be detailed data available on the city-based medical services. This includes the standards and practices being followed in the clinics/hospitals/dispensaries, number of doctors available during night hours and places that provide emergency care.UTs and four states - UP, Sikkim , Himachal and Assam - shall submit these details to the Centre this month. Based on the report, the government will draft the minimum standards that the clinics, dispensaries and hospitals shall follow, including the floor area and staff strength according to the clinical establishment Act.The doctors, however, had been opposed to the Act. The Indian Medical Association (IMA), Chandigarh branch, is to hold a meeting on Sunday to work out details.\"A survey is still on to furnish details of all medical clinics including the ayurveda , homoeopathy, dispensaries and dental clinics. This The government shall accordingly decide the minimum standards in the medical centres,\" said IMA president Dr R S Bedi.He said, \"We agree that registration of the doctors is necessary but clinics cannot be expected to open round the clock.\"\"Clinics are usually small and cannot be well-equipped like the corporate hospitals for emergency situations. This way, the big hospitals will flourish while dispensaries and clinics shall be wiped out,\" said Dr Neeraj Nagpal, who is member of the IMA. A protest will be organized on June 18 by the private practitioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13310801", "title": "How education got a boost", "text": "The Royal City has a long history with educational activities, which has transformed it into a hub of education.Some four decades after Mysore got back its status as the capital city of Mysore State, maharaja Mummadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar founded a school in the city. According to 'Mysore Gazetteer', the maharaja founded a school for providing instruction in English and took considerable personal interest, often presiding over its annual functions. The school was founded at the instance of General Fraser, which was handed over to the Wesleyan Mission in 1840 for its management. In 1866, the maharaja provided a new building for its location. It is regarded as the first English school in this part. Interestingly, it comes a decade after Mysore got first church in St Bartholomew's Cathedral that was established in 1830.The Christian missionaries attached to Wesleyan Mission focussed on education, which helped the city acquire an edge in the education sector. By 1854, they had a school -- Wesleyan Mission School at Gandhi Square -- which was reserved for children of the British officers. However, it was later opened to localities. Noted Christian mission Rev George William Sawday helped establish Victoria Girls School in 1903 by pooling in resources. But this is not the first school for girls. Some two decades earlier, philanthropist A Narasim Iyengar started a private school aimed at educating Hindu girls, which transformed into Maharani's College, a tribute to maharani Vani Vilas, who headed the administration eight years when she focussed extensively on primary education. Between 1895 and 1902, when she headed the administration, the number of schools rose from 1,767 to 2,231, and the expenditure increased to Rs 11.25 lakh. She constructed buildings for students' hostels in Bangalore and Mysore and awarded grants in-aid to such facilities at places outside. She also offered scholarship and hiked the pays for women teachers.What started as a private school for the education of Hindu girls in January 1881 was first supported by charity and partly by grants from the government. It had a European as the superintendent. For the first time in south India, three students from the school passed matriculation exam (equivalent to SSLC) in 1896. Though it was a private initiative, the Mysore government took it over in 1891 when Chamaraja Wadiyar was the ruler. For the record, Maharaja Chamaraja Wadiyar put Mysore on the educational path. In his reign spread over 13 years from 1881, the number of government and aided schools rose from 866 to 1,797, and the expenditure on them increased from Rs 3.15 lakh to Rs 8.20 lakh. The number of boys studying almost doubled. But significantly, the number of girl students rose from 3,000 to 12,000. The maharaja built 800 primary schools, 50 English schools, five industrial schools and 30 Sanskrit schools.There were a couple of schools that were aimed at members of the royal family and top administrators. The Marimalappa's School and Sadvidya Patashala -- the top two institutions -- were set up when Mysore was ruled by the maharajas. In 1916, Nalwadi Krishnaraja Wadiyar set up University of Mysore, which is sixth varsity to be established in India. The legendary Maharaja's College and Yuvaraja's College were also established by the maharajas. The opulent Chamarajendra Technical Institute was built at a cost of Rs 2.5 lakh in 1913.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13310287", "title": "City boys triumph in Indian Certificate Of Secondary Education &amp; Indian School Certificate exams", "text": "NAGPUR: The ICSE (Std X) and ISC (Std XII) results were declared on Saturday with boys faring better than girls. In the city there are three schools affiliated to the Council for Indian School Certificate Examination (CISCE), but only two were able to release their results. Seventh Day Adventist (SDA) principal Sahebrao Khandagle, said, \"Our school is closed on Saturday, hence we will be able to disclose the result related details only on Monday.\"However, among the remaining two schools the competition was one-sided. Chanda Devi Saraf (CDS) School trounced MSB Educational Institute in ICSE results. MSB does not have the ISC level at their campus.Abhijeet Thakre of CDS School topped the ICSE level with 95.8%, as his classmate Pravisha Jaiswal secured second position with 94.6% followed by second runner-up Rutuja Patil with 94%.The ISC topper of the city in Science stream is Rishab Prasad who scored 64%, while Shomira Sanyal topped the Arts stream with a score of 93.60% and Sambhav Jain got his calculation right by topping the Commerce stream with 64.4%. SDA does have the ISC level but its results will be disclosed only on Monday.CDS has made a clean sweep as compared to MSB which produced the topper last time around. Asma Azad had topped the exam with a 93% for MSB.Raziya Husain, principal of MSB, said, \"Our teachers left no stone unturned this year in guiding the students. But it is up to the students to deliver. Many students did say that the mathematics paper was lengthy but again in the end only hard work pays off. I strongly feel that today's children lack the motivation and zeal to perform well.\"Abhijeet, the ICSE city topper, said he had to put in a lot of effort to get to the top spot. \"My parents and teachers extended complete support. It would have been impossible task without their support. Even after school got over I was putting up to six hours daily in studies,\" said Thakre.Rutuja, the second runner-up of ICSE, said, \"I never felt the need to join coaching classes as my teachers and parents put in a lot of effort. I want to become an IAS officer one day.\"A beaming Lalita Rao, CDS staffer, said, \"We are very happy with the results and the credit has to go to the students for putting in so much hard work. The students too did all the homework that was given to them and thorough practice helped them deliver good results.\"(With inputs from Apurva Gokhale)The TOPPERS IN ICSE (X)Abhijeet Thakre | 95.80% | CDS SCHOOLPravisha Jaiswal| 94.60% | CDS SCHOOLRutuja Patil | 94% | CDS SCHOOLTOPPERS IN ISC (XII)Rishab Prasad (Science) | 64% |CDS SCHOOLSambhav Jain (Commerce) | 64.40%|CDS SCHOOLShomira Sanyal (Arts) | 93.60%|CDS SCHOOL", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13308860", "title": "Stone pelting over web picture", "text": "MUMBAI: Members of a political party hurled stones at BEST buses at Worli naka on Satuday evening, protesting against an allegedly objectionable picture of Gautam Buddha posted on a social networking site. No one was injured in the incident.The police have registered a case against the activists for rioting. The Worli cops have also registered an offence against unknown persons who had posted the allegedly obscene picture on the website. \"We and the cyber cell are trying to ascertain the identity of the persons who have posted the picture,\" said DCP Kishore Jadhav.The group of activists gathered at Worli naka and started pelting BEST buses with stones. Window panes of around five buses were smashed. Before the incident could worsen a police team reached the spot and reined in the protesters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13308913", "title": "Anand and Gelfand stay away from trouble in World Chess Championship", "text": "CHENNAI: The 'Maginot line', the defensive wall built by France to stop Germany during World War II, was the refrain of Gary Kasparov when he described the Viswanathan Anand-Boris Gelfand World Chess Championship match after six games.Draws loaded with theory, artificial tension and a conscious effort to stay away from trouble are the characteristic features of the match so far as it is nicely poised at three-all at the halfway stage. And naturally Kasparov was not amused to watch the progress of it, especially Anand's attitude to the game in recent years. He saw a definite drop in quality in Anand's match against Topalov after his brilliant performance against Kramnik.\"He survived the match and in some games you saw sparkle of genius. Very often in the match he was struggling. But now you very often see a Maginot line, defensive wall tactics,\" he explained.\"In a match you can still be cautious and maybe over-cautious but you still can prevail and obviously that's his (Anand's) tactics, especially as he is playing an opponent who is by many factors inferior. I mean if he played Aronian and Carlsen it would be a very different ball-game,\" added the former world No. 1 during his commentary of Game 6.Kasparov wanted to remind the world that he was winning tournaments and staying as No. 1 in the world even when he was playing those matches in the 1984-2000 period and unfortunately, he noticed that the current match would not have any bearing on the status of the No. 1 or No. 2 players of the world (Magnus Carlsen and Levon Aronian).Kasparov could afford to make those comments because he was only watching the match and he had retired 12 years ago. Anand was still in the middle of the match and naturally he chose to stay away from the topic. \"I don't want to say anything about that, I am playing a match and I want to concentrate on it,\" responded Anand at the post-game press conference.If draw is what is on the mind of the champion as black, then the challenger has not tried to gain anything more. If both of them drag the match to the tiebreakers, the general perception is that Anand, as a good rapid player, would have a definite edge.However, Gelfand has fared well in rapids in his career and he had kept his nerves well when he beat Alexander Grischuk of Russia in the last game to qualify for the WCC match. \"Maybe at the very end, both can stumble but the chance of Anand getting confused are a bit higher because Vishy very often stumbled in critical moments,\" noted Kasparov. Which means neither player would consciously play for draws and try to get into the tiebreakers where the draws are likely to give way to decisive action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13310177", "title": "Sena protests poaching, demands higher vigil", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The local unit of Shiv Sena on Saturday staged a protest before Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) office here to flay the repeated incidents of tiger poaching in the district. Shiv Sainiks donning the masks of tigers shouted slogans and demanded immediate measures for safety of tigers.Over a dozen of Sena activists led by joint-contact chief Ramesh Tiwari came to TATR office donning tiger masks. They marched into TATR premises shouting slogans for safety of tigers. A delegation of protesters later met CCF and field director, TATR, VK Sinha and submitted their memorandum of demands. \"Tiger is national animal and symbol of our party. Poachers are on rampage in district and tigers are being killed one after the other. If forest department is unable to save to the tiger, then they should outsource the security to some private organization,\" he said.Sinha, however, pacified the protesters by detailing them about the measures being taken for safety of tigers. He even sought help of the party for providing information about suspected outsiders moving into rural areas and taking up patrolling along the waterholes in areas of tiger presence. \"Political parties have strong rural base. Their activists in rural areas can help by providing information about the poachers. They can even educate villagers about the misconceptions about the tigers. A small group of volunteers can also patrol the area of tiger movement,\" he suggested.Tiwari agreed to his offer and promised to help the forest department for sake of tiger. \"We are ready to help to save the tigers. I will request the higher-ups for formation of special cell for safety of tigers in Chandrapur. However, the forest department needs to step up their vigil. If poaching and tiger deaths continues, Sena will further intensify the agitation,\" Tiwari said. Protesters also presented a face mask of a tiger to Sinha, seeking assurance from him to save the tigers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13310503", "title": "South Western Railway to run weekly specials", "text": "HUBLI: South Western Railway has taken a decision to continue to run weekly Garib Rath express specials between Jaipur-Yesvantpur (train No. 06511/ 06512) for four specials in each direction, to clear extra rush of passengers.Accordingly, Yeshwantpur-Jaipur weekly Garib Rath Express special (No. 06511) will depart Yeshwantpur at 05:20 hrs on Sundays, with effect from May 20 to June 10 and arrive at Jaipur at 04-05 hrs on Tuesdays.En route, the train will touch Tumkur (at 06:30 hrs), Arasikere (09:00 hrs), Birur (09:44 hrs), Davanagere (11:42 hrs), Haveri (12:37 hrs), Hubli (14:15 hrs), Gadag (16:45 hrs), Bagalkot (18:50 hrs), Bijapur (21:05 hrs), Hotgi (23:35 hrs), Solapur (00:15 hrs), Daund (3:45 hrs), Pune (5:15 hrs), Lonavala (6:12 hrs), Kalyan (7:48 hrs), Vasai Road (9:10 hrs), Vapi (10:44 hrs), Valsad (11:11 hrs), Surat (12:13 hrs), Vadodara at (14:20 hrs), Anand (14:56 hrs), Nadiad (15:17 hrs), Geratpur (15:47 hrs) , Ahmedabad (16:30 hrs), Sabarmati (16:47 hrs), Mehsana (17:40 hrs), Palanpur (19:40 hrs), Abu Road (21:40 hrs), Falna (22:33 hrs), Ajmer (01:40 hrs), Madar (02:00 hrs) and Kishangarh (02:07 hrs).In the return direction, train No. 06512 Jaipur-Yeshwantpur weekly Garib Rath Express will depart Jaipur at 15:30 on Tuesdays, with effect from May 22 to June 12 and arrive at Yeshwantpur at 15:10 on Thursdays.Enroute, the train will depart Kishangarh (16:55 hrs), Madar (17:20 hrs), Ajmer (17:45 hrs), Falna (20:22 hrs), Abu Road (23:00 hrs), Palanpur (23:40 hrs), Mehsana (00:57 hrs), Sabarmati (02:32 hrs), Ahmedabad (3:30 hrs), Geratpur (03:50 hrs), Nadiad (04:13 hrs), Anand (04:32 hrs), Vadodara (05:20 hrs), Surat (07:43 hrs), Valsad (08:38 hrs), Vapi (08:55 hrs), Vasai Road (11:00 hrs), Kalyan (12:35 hrs), Lonavala (14:15 hrs), Pune (15:45 hrs), Daund (16:50 hrs), Solapur (19:50 hrs), Hotgi (20:10 hrs), Bijapur (23:25 hrs), Bagalkot (01:25 hrs), Gadag (03:50 hrs), Hubli (06-50 hrs), Haveri (07:50 hrs), Davangere (09:02 hrs), Birur (10:40 hrs), Arsikere (11:45 hrs) and Tumkur (14:04 hrs).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13309971", "title": "Minor girl forced to drink liquor, raped", "text": "AMRAVATI: City Kotwali police have booked a man for forcing a minor girl to drink liquor and then raping her.The accused, Gajanan Sawarkar and his accomplices, stopped the 14-year-old girl, a student of standard IX near Namuna locality, when she was heading towards her house. They asked the girl to accompany them. When refused, they made her drink liquor.Later, Gajanan took her to ST stand and parked his bike. He then took the girl to Prashant Nagar garden in a rickshaw. He against gave liquor and raped her.Though the incident took place two days back, the victim did not report the matter to police as she was threatened by the accused. However, she lodged a complaint on Saturday. Kotwali police have registered an offence against Gajanan who is absconding.5 cops suspendedCommissioner of police Amitesh Kumar has suspended five constables for departmental delinquency on Friday. The accused police constables had conducted a raid at a gambling den but did not register offences and mention anything about the cash seized.The accused police include Nilesh Thakare, Jaisen Wankhede, Bajrang Thorat, Vishal Bhosle and Sachin Kene. All are Charlie commandos attached with Gadge Nagar police station. It was learnt that Gopi Patel runs a gambling business in Rampuri Camp locality. A few days back the police constables had raided the den and found around 11 people indulging in gambling. But the cops did not mention it on paper nor they register any case against them.Sources said that cops had seized around Rs 1.35 lakh from the accused but did not mention it on paper. When police commissioner learnt about the incident, he ordered a probe against the five cops in which they were found guilty of misappropriation of the seized cash. On the basis of the initial inquiry, the five constables were placed under suspension.Amitesh Kumar confirmed the report and said the constables were suspended for departmental delinquency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13311489", "title": "Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg marries girlfriend Priscilla Chan", "text": "NEW YORK: Facebook's billionaire founder Mark Zuckerberg updated his relationship status on his social networking site to 'married' - after he tied the knot with his long time girlfriend 27-year-old Priscilla Chan in a private ceremony at his California home.The surprising move came just a day after Facebook went public through one of the largest initial public offerings and its shares began trading on the Nasdaq.Zuckerberg wrote about the big event in his life on his Facebook timeline, with a status update that read, \"Married Priscilla Chan\" on May 19.The ceremony took place in Zuckerberg's backyard at his Palo Alto home in California before fewer than 100 guests on Saturday. An accompanying picture shows a smiling Zuckerberg dressed in a simple dark blue suit, white shirt and wearing a tie. Chan is in an elegant sleeveless laced white wedding gown with a veil falling over her shoulders. A string of bulbs are hung in the background which is Zuckerberg's backyard.The picture got over 131,000 likes within the first 30 minutes of Zuckerberg posting the status update.The couple met at Harvard and have been together for more than nine years. Chan's Facebook page also had the updated relationship status with the message \"married to Mark Zuckerberg.\"The marriage capped an extremely eventful week for the couple. Zuckerberg celebrated his 28th birthday on Monday, May 14. Days later Facebook, which was founded by Zuckerberg in 2004 in his Harvard dorm, became went public through an IPO that pegged the value of the world's most popular social network site at 104 billion dollars.The same week Chan graduated from the University of California , San Francisco. Chan studied medicine and is now a pediatrician. On her graduation day, Zuckerberg had written on his Facebook page, \"I am so proud of you Dr Chan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bahraich/lucknow", "code": "13310026", "title": "Bahraich bus mishap toll 17; probe ordered", "text": "BAHRAICH/LUCKNOW: The Bahraich district administration on Saturday ordered a magisterial inquiry into the Friday's bus tragedy in which 17 persons, including six children and two women, were charred. Deputy collector, Mehsi, Ghanshyam Tripathi, has been asked to investigate the incident.The administration has also decided to conduct DNA test for identification of the bodies, which have been charred beyond recognition. While 56 persons with burn and other injuries were admitted to the Bahraich district hospital, two critically injured were referred to Lucknow for treatment.The ill-fated private bus was carrying pilgrims from Sultanpur, Ambedkarnagar and Faizabad to the Sufi shrine of Ghazi Miyan in Bahraich.They were to later visit the Sufi shrine in Ajmer in Rajasthan. The bus lost control near Chilwarai area on Bahraich-Gonda highway and collided with a stationary truck parked outside a sugar mill. After the impact, there was a blast in the bus and it caught fire trapping the pilgrims. While some passengers managed to come out from the windows, those stuck inside were burnt alive.The incident has once again brought to light how private bus operators in UP flout safety norms and road transport officials have failed to enforce even minimum safety standards. On April 29, 20 persons were killed when two buses rammed into each other in Gorakhpur. It later came out that the private bus was overloaded in gross violation of safety norms. Similarly, in Bahraich, it has come to light that the private bus was overloaded and carrying inflammable material.Bahraich DM Kinjal Singh said over 70 persons were believed to be in the bus, having a capacity of around 60. Initial inquiry has revealed that the passengers were carrying LPG cylinders, petromax and kerosene oil for cooking food. The blast was apparently caused by the LPG cylinder and fire spread within seconds due to petromax and kerosene. The blast damaged the bus and fluid metal blocked the exit. Many who were trapped inside the bus were charred beyond recognition.\"The accident took place at around 10.30 pm on Friday. Many bodies were completely charred. We recovered 14 bodies and the remains of two infants from the debris of the bus. The bodies have been sent for autopsy. DNA test would be conducted on all the unidentified bodies. Rescuers had to use gas cutters to reach to the victims. The two critical passengers were referred to Lucknow, of which one died on Saturday,\" said an official.State labour minister Vaqar Ahmad Shah on Saturday visited Bahraich on behalf of chief minister Akhikesh Yadav. Shah told TOI that all the injured persons would be provided free treatment by the government. The state government has announced a compensation of Rs one lakh for the kin of the deceased and Rs 50,000 for those injured. \"The government is also taking steps to send back the dead bodies to their respective families,\" said the minister.A rescued passenger, Reshma, claimed that only 20 to 25 persons had managed to escape. Mehdi Raza, another rescued passenger, said there were about 80 persons in the bus when the accident took place. Bahraich SP B P Kanaujia said: \"So far, 16 bodies have been recovered, including that of seven women.\" Critically injured Lal Mohammad and Akbari were referred to Lucknow where the latter succumbed to injuries on Saturday.On Friday night, angry locals blocked the highway to protest the delay in arrival of administrative help after the accident. They claimed that only one fire tender arrived after half an hour of the accident. It ran out of extinguishing liquid and could not douse the flames. Later, one more fire tender arrived along with five ambulances and a team of doctors. \"Senior officers came after two hours. Locals on their own rescued some passengers and took them to hospital,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13309652", "title": "Two held in Ponda for possessing arms and ammunition", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda police seized arms and ammunition, including three pistols, three magazines and 14 rounds of bullets, from two persons in Ponda on Saturday afternoon. Police sources said that the arms and ammunition were seized following a raid at a house at Amrai Colony, near the Kadamba bus stand in the outskirts of Ponda town.The police arrested Akhilesh Gupta and Toukik Lasur, both aged about 23, under Section 3 read with Section 25 of the Arms Act, 1959, for illegally having arms and ammunition in their possession. Both the accused will be produced before a court of law for a remand on Sunday, police said.Meanwhile, the police released Sandesh Mulvi on Saturday afternoon, after arresting him the same morning under Section 151 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) . The accused had allegedly obstructed the police at around 12am on Friday when they attempted to man a crowd gathered around a kiosk at Upper Bazaar in Ponda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "khanpur kalan (sonipat)", "code": "13309584", "title": "Controversies not new to Bhagat Phool Singh Women's University", "text": "Khanpur Kalan (Sonipat): The Bhagat Phool Singh Women's University, the only women's university in north India, has been dogged by controversies in the past, including suicide by three girls, molestation and barging in by outsiders, before the shocking incident of kidnap and rape of a LLB first year girl on Wednesday.The agitated students have leveled serious allegations about the callous attitude towards their problems and grievances by varsity authorities, especially the chief warden, Sahib Kaur.Confronted by TOI, vice-chancellor Pankaj Mittal tried hard to defend herself and even offered to form a committee comprising representatives of students, district administration and varsity authorities.Asked about charges against the chief warden, the VC admitted that Kaur had been dismissed after she was found guilty of allowing the main accused Amit Malik inside the hostel.\"I had banned Malik's entry after a complaint against him that he was trying to enter the varsity by scaling the wall. It has come to light that he had been a frequent visitor as one of his friends had the contract for running a mess in one of the hostels\".Another incident of barging in by a heavily drunk youth in one of the hostels one late evening was also reported, who also reportedly misbehaved with some students. Another case of harassment of a girl student, who was recovered from the house of a teacher, has also come to light.Admitting the incidents, the VC said she had dismissed three security guards, who had allowed the drunk youth to enter the campus. An inquiry was still on into the recovery of a girl from the house of a teacher, she added.Regarding the suicide incidents, Mittal maintained that the varsity had conducted an inquiry, which revealed that one of the girls, Aarju, who committed suicide inside campus school hostel, was being treated for depression. \"We found that domestic reasons drove two girls to commit suicide in other cases\". Three girls had committed suicide in the university hostel in February and March this year.The VC said she had offered to form a committee comprising ten students, five representatives each of the administration and the varsity to discuss and sort out the problems faced by students. She also assured that CCTVs would be installed at various points and gates inside the varsity.While a section of agitated girls, supported by INSO, remained adamant on their demand for removal of vice-chancellor, who are still sitting at dharna on the road outside the varsity, other students wanted that the issue needed to be brought to an end now. \"We are ready to sit and discuss the problems with varsity authorities\", said a girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13315982", "title": "Evelyn Sharma the new face of Rocky S.", "text": "Foreign beauties surely seem to be the order for Bollywood. The half-German half-Indian model Evelyn Sharma too has generated interest, ever since she she accompanied designer Rocky S to the Ritesh Deshmukh-Genelia sangeet ceremony early this year.Evelyn's impressive Bollywood line-up includes Manish Tiwary's Issaq opposite Prateik Babbar, veteran filmmaker Pramod Chakravorty's grandson Prateek Chakravorty's debut film From Sydney With Love , and a pivotal role in Ayan Mukerji's Yeh Jawani Hai Deewani ; the Ranbir Kapoor-Deepika Padukone starrer under Karan Johar's banner Dharma Productions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13308930", "title": "I had no information on Maval firing till 1 pm: Collector", "text": "PUNE: District collector Vikas Deshmukh on Saturday admitted before the justice (retd) M G Gaikwad committee, conducting the inquiry into the Maval firing case, that the Pune rural police officials had not provided him the information about the alleged incident till 1 pm.Deshmukh is the 91st witness to be examined before the committee.Three villagers were killed in police firing near Baur village on the Pune-Mumbai expressway on August 9, 2011 during a protest by farmers opposing the acquisition of land for the implementation of a water pipeline project from the Pavana dam to Pimpri-Chinchwad. Several farmers were injured in the firing and lathicharge by the police. More than 40 policemen, including former superintendent of police Sandeep Karnik, were also injured in stone-pelting by protestors.In the cross examination by Vilas Pathare, the lawyer representing the Maval farmers, Deshmukh said he came to known about the incident only after he received a telephonic call from the Maval tehsildhar at 1 pm.Deshmukh told the committee that he had rushed to the rural police headquarters and collected details about the incident and from there he paid a visit to the crime scene for assessing the law and order situation in Maval at 3 pm.The collector replied in the negative when Pathare asked him whether he had received telephone call from the former superintendent of police, Sandeep Karnik, about the alleged incident.Deshmukh deposed that he had not deputed an executive magistrate at Maval after the incident, but he explained that he had held meetings with revenue and police officials and had issued them instructions to maintain law and order in Maval on August 8.The witness further replied in the negative when he was asked whether the police had informed him that one of the major demands made by farmers was to hand over a memorandum to him.He claimed to be clueless when he was asked if the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) had consulted him for resuming the water pipeline project work. Deshmukh denied the lawyer's suggestion that he had failed to perform his duty at the time of incident.In the examination conducted by the state government counsel D D Shinde, Deshmukh said he had ordered a magisterial inquiry after the incident had taken place and gave details about the steps taken by him to defuse the agitation, for instance, holding a meeting with the agitators, etc.He filed the copy of the preliminary inquiry report about the incident before the committee. The copy of the report was submitted to the state and central governments after the incident had taken place.Committee counsel Sadanand Deshmukh, rural police counsel Sureshchandra Bhosale and Chinmay Bhosale and counsels for the Maval farmers, Vinayak Abhyankar and Sushilkumar Pise, were present at the time of the hearing.The arguments will commence from May 28. In all, 186 affidavits were filed before the committee, but only 91 witnesses, including farmers, medical officers, revenue and police officials were examined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13309501", "title": "Sex racket busted in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Vastrapur police arrested two agents and rounded up four girls from near Thaltej circle late on Friday night for their involvement in flesh trade. Police said that Hasmukh Shah, the main accused, had been arrested earlier by the city police for similar offence.According to investigators, a team led by inspector MR Sharma worked on a tip-off that a group involved in flesh trade had started their operations near Thaltej crossroads. The team kept a watch on Friday night and spotted a van near Amul parlour in which four girls and two men were seated. Based on suspicion, they were questioned. Initially, they refused to have anything to do with flesh trade but soon confessed that they were waiting for a customer who was to pick up a girl from the spot.Other than 49-year-old Hasmukh Shah, a resident of Rang Upvan Society in Naranpura, 64-year-old Vinod Sharma, a resident of Shahibaug, was also arrested. During their questioning, police got to know that Shah was working as an agent for the girls who come from outside the city. After police heat increased on sex trade, they changed the modus operandi.\"Shah used to contact the girls from cities like Mumbai and Delhi and ask them to come to Ahmedabad. He would book hotel rooms for them and charge anything between Rs 10,000 and Rs 15,000 for one night. The girls used to get around Rs 50,000 per trip. The girls used to work for a fortnight and then go back. Shah would send the girls only after confirming everything and kept moving in the van so as not to reveal his location to police,\" said a police official.Investigators said that Shah is an old hand in flesh trade. He was caught two years back by city crime branch. \"Shah has influence in various hotels and guesthouses in the city but lately he started investing in high-end market so as to reduce the risk and increase profit margins,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13310215", "title": "Shouted at by mom, 15-year-old girl hangs self", "text": "NAGPUR: Reprimanded by her parents for fighting with her younger siblings over a soft drink, 15-year-old Pooja Karade tied herself with a nylon rope and hanged herself from the ceiling fan on Saturday morning at her Durga Nagar residence in Kalamna.Police said that Pooja's parents, Shalikram and Godavari, had stepped out of the house gone when she took the extreme step after sending her siblings out too. Shalikram, a NMC tanker driver, stated to the police that on Friday evening, Pooja was fighting over a soft drink with Poonam (12) and Om (10). \"Pooja had slapped Poonam and hence Godavari scolded her,\" said Shalikram, adding that it might have forced her to end her life.The suicide came to light when the parents returned around noon and found Poonam and Om waiting outside the house. After repeatedly knocking and not getting any response from Pooja, they broke open the door only to see her body hanging.No suicide note was found by the police. Kalamna police has registered a case of accidental death.In another incident, Bharat Pawar jumped off from the sixth floor of a private hospital at Ramdaspeth on Saturday afternoon. Pawar, a resident of Seoni in Madhya Pradesh , was undergoing treatment at the hospital for appendix.Dhantoli police said that he was admitted to the hospital on Sunday. He had an operation on Monday and was declared fit by the doctors. Family members said that Pawar was to be discharged on Saturday.However, since Friday evening Pawar was behaving in an abnormal fashion. Around 12.45pm, while his family members were busy paying the bills of the hospital, Pawar gave them a slip and jumped off from the building and died on the spot.In two other separate incidents, a 25-year-old girl and a man attempted to commit suicide on Saturday evening.Jaya Sawarkar, a resident of Utkarsha Apartment in Khare Town, jumped into the well near Wazalwar Lawn in Dharampeth. However, passers-by managed to save her. Police stated that although Jaya survived even though she was inside the well for an hour. Fours hours after the incident, Sitabuldi police were yet to register a complaint.Around 6pm near Mayo Hospital, Vijay Jaidiya set himself ablaze near a pan kiosk. Police said Jaidiya, a daily wager, in a fit of rage poured kerosene from the stove and set himself afire.The kiosk owner and others doused the flames and rushed him to Mayo hospital. The doctors said that Jaidiya had suffered 40% burns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "13309719", "title": "Assault on French national: Probe comes to a standstill", "text": "KARNAL: Investigations into the incident of assault on French national Frank Wilfred on board the Amritsar-bound Sachkand Express has almost come to a standstill as the railway police have not been able to dig out the exact motive behind the attack on the foreigner, who lost his life after being thrashed by travel ticket examiner Manoj Kumar and some other people.Contrary to the claims made earlier, investigators in the case have so far not questioned even a single passenger who was traveling in coach number S4, the same which Frank had boarded. GRP SHO Lalit Kumar when contacted said that so far the police had neither questioned nor made any more arrests in the case. He said the police were still groping in the dark as to what had lead to the clash on board the train due to which the TTE had thrashed the French national and later left him on platform number 2 at the Karnal railway station in an unconscious state.Meanwhile, a local court extended the judicial custody of TTE Manoj Kumar for another 14 days on Saturday. Manoj was made to appear before the court from the Karnal jail through video-conferencing. IG railways V Kamaraj could not be contacted for his comments despite repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13313523", "title": "Sun TV bags Thadaiyara rights", "text": "Sun TV has bagged the satellite rights of the soon-to-be-released Arun Vijay starrer Thadaiyara Thaakka for a huge sum.Also joining the team is Media One, producer of the Rajini starrer Kochadaiyan . They are releasing the movie Thadaiyara Thaakka worldwide. Two big names coming in has already created a buzz for the film produced by Feather Touch Entertainments.The film, which stars Arun in the lead, already made news for its fast song that has been sung by L R Easwari, who joined joined hands with music composer Thaman after delivering the superhit Kalasala in Osthe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13308308", "title": "Noida authority may mark Rs 5,000 crore for key projects", "text": "NOIDA: In its first meeting since the change of guard in the state, the Noida Authority board is expected to budget Rs 5,000 crore for important development projects in the city. The meeting tentatively scheduled for the second week of June will focus on important public projects, besides the five chosen by the new chief minister.To get rid of the previous regime's 'corruption' baggage, the authority's new CEO Sanjiv Saran has formed a committee that will probe allegations of graft in the sanctioning of nearly 150 projects worth more than Rs 700 crore. \"Currently, projects worth more than Rs 1 crore each, which were sanctioned after December last year by different departments, are in the process of being reviewed,\" Saran said.The additional CEO and heads of all the departments, including civil, planning, sewage, horticulture, water, power etc, have been asked to put forth details of their respective projects by the end of this month for scrutiny by the finance department.The focus of the authority's budget will be on issues directly linked to the common man, including roads, public transport, sanitation and horticulture. The CEO stressed that his \"agenda would be to push the important mega-projects towards completion\".Projects like the 3.9km Metro extension estimated to cost Rs 786 crore, which is part of Delhi Metro's phase-III plan, will be taken up immediately.\"We are only waiting for the state government's approval,\" Saran said.The Rs 1,800 crore estimate for the 6.7km Metro extension from the City Centre station - connecting Sector 32 with Sector 62 and touching NH-24 - is also expected to be included in the budget. The proposed elevated stretch on Master Plan Road-II from Vishwa Bharti Public School to Shopprix Mall in Sector 61, and the flyway between sectors 19 and 27 up to Spice Mall are also likely to get the go-ahead.Other projects on the agenda are the elevated road above the Shahdara drain; new bridge over the Yamuna and the three proposed underpasses along the Master Plan road-III to provide signal-free access for the% Metro route extension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13310874", "title": "Touch 'N' type", "text": "Some people love the swipes and taps of the touch experience. A few others swear by their Qwerty keyboards. Touch'N'Type phones bring the best of both worlds, marrying a physical keypad with a touchscreen. Here are five T'N'Ts which we think are pocket dynamitesSamsung Galaxy Y Pro DuosThe sub-Rs 10,000 Galaxy Y Pro Duos seems to be a handset that's meant for the budget-conscious , especially given its dual-SIM support - in effect, two Android smartphones for the price of one.The device's back plate looks like it is built using aluminium, but is actually fabricated out of plastic. Still, the Pro Duos looks good and feels solid. Its keypad is well spaced and the rounded keys feel natural. The highlight, though, is the small trackpad that makes navigating through the phone a smooth experience.For a large part, the smartphone performs efficiently, but open an app too many and the gadget slows down considerably. Internet browsing is an average affair: nothing spectacular, neither any complaints. Just don't expect something butter-smooth like what you would find on high-end Androids .Pros:Compared to other dual-SIM phones in the market, the Pro Duos is more intuitive to use purely because of how streamlined Android is, coupled with the customized Touchwiz UI that Samsung runs on top of the OS. And just in case you find something missing, the well-stocked app market will come to your rescue. The battery life is also quite impressive and easily lasts a whole day with normal usage.Cons:The display's low resolution makes text look somewhat blurry and web browsing is where this is most apparent. Also, the screen doesn't support multi-touch and we sorely missed the pinch-to-zoom feature given the small size and resolution. Finally, the camera, which lacks flash, is mostly a disappointment unless pictures are taken outdoors.Specs:2.6-inch capacitive touchscreen (480x360 pixels resolution) | 832MHz processor | 160MB storage, microSD slot (up to 32GB) | 384MB RAM | 3.2MP camera, 320x240 pixels video recording | 3G, Wi-Fi , Bluetooth, GPS | 9 hours talk-time , 22 days standby time | Google Android 2.3 Gingerbread, Touchwiz UINokia Asha 303Appearances can be deceiving. The bulky Asha 303 looks desperately in need of a diet, but hold it in your hand and it feels surprisingly light. And while the device lacks the polish of a high-end smartphone, it is inviting enough to make you at least want to try it out.Given that it has a touchscreen, the 303 can't escape bad legibility under direct sunlight. On the touch-sensitivity front, it leaves little to be desired and is quite responsive to touches and swipes.The weight distribution of the phone, however , seems a bit awry. The top end (comprising the touchscreen) seems heavier than the lower gripping/keypad portion of the 303. And while typing, it feels like the handset might topple from your grip. We tried this with several people and the universal first reaction was, \"Something is not quite right.\" Still, that does not take anything away from a device that performs admirably in all other aspects.Pros:The Series 40 operating system has been around for quite sometime now, and almost anyone who has ever used a Nokia phone will find the device easy to navigate and use. Besides, the 303's 1GHz processor makes it quite snappy. Let's not forget, the phone comes with the Nokia Music app to give you access to a plethora of songs for free. Also, while the battery life isn't worth boasting about, it still got us through a day.Cons:Albeit familiar, the S40 interface simply does not feel like a smartphone OS. The app store is terribly limited, multi-tasking is a no-show , and we missed small refinements such as smoothened edges on icons. Also, while the processor is fast, the pre-loaded Angry Birds seemed sluggish and was not fun to play. Finally, the Asha 303 misses the mark in camera performance with images looking grainy and saturated.Specs:2.6-inch capacitive touchscreen (320x240 pixels resolution) | 1GHz processor | 170MB storage, microSD slot (up to 32GB) | 128MB RAM | 3.2MP camera, VGA video recording | 3G, Wi-Fi , Bluetooth | Over 7 hours talk-time , 35 days standby time | Nokia Series 40 OS, Angry Birds Lite, Whatsapp, Zenga TVHTC ChaChaTrue to HTC's form, the ChaCha looks and feels classy. The body feels solid while a metallic backplate gives it that premium tinge. Its rubber keys only add to its looks, although they can take some time to get used to. Overall, it's the type of phone you want to show off to friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13309684", "title": "Octroi collection: Nashik Municipal Corporation gets off to a sticky start on Day 1", "text": "NASHIK: After the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) took over octroi collection from the private contractor, Konark Infrastructure on Saturday, octroi posts, especially at Vilholi on the Mumbai-Agra national highway, witnessed a queue of trucks as the staff struggled to keep pace with the day's demands.On Friday night, when octroi collection was handed over to NMC by the private the administration was surprised to see most office paraphernalia had been removed. \"We expected some office ware to stay with us but the offices were swept clean except for furniture and computers,\" officials stated.The employees at the octroi naka were found to be running to get things done. Department peons experienced in the trade, were found issuing receipts and explaining the process to seniors. \"Yes we are getting hands-on training from some of our experienced juniors ,\" said an engineer on conditions of anonymity.As far as collections for the day were concerned, deputy commissioner (octroi) Haribhau Phadol said, \"The first day was calm as there were few industrial supplies. This gave our officers some time to adjust to the new situation. Things will start to change from Sunday but by then the appointed civic body officials would also have gained speed. We expect the situation to be smoother by the start of the new week. We are also likely to send off our flying squads on Monday to check if there have been tax evasions. The work of loading new software in our computers is in progress,\" Phadol added.Sources said that being Saturday traffic was less intense or else it might have created problems for the NMC staff that was already seemingly struggling to streamline its job of octroi collection: a task that was passed on to the private contractor two years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13308808", "title": "Times of India clinch media rink football title", "text": "MUMBAI: Times of India put up a dominating performance to beat DNA and clinch the Standard Chartered Corporate Soccer 5s title, organized by Saran Sports at the Western Railway Sports Ground, in Mahalaxmi, on Saturday.Both teams dominated their respective groups in the league stage. ToI carried their dominance to the final where they outplayed DNA 5-2 to be crowned champions.Earlier in the day, ToI blanked Afternoon 8-0 and Mumbai Mirror 5-1 in the league stages before downing Hindustan Times 4-0 in the semifinal. ToI's Rahsaan Kably was named player of the final.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13308677", "title": "\u2018All schools must obtain state recognition certificate\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as the debate over the norm making it mandatory for private unaided non-minority schools to provide free and compulsory education to marginalized section rages, the state education department has decided to press for implementation of another provision of the Right to Education (RTE) Act: all private schools must recognition from the state government.The Act, which came into force in April 2010, has made it mandatory for all private schools to seek state government's recognition. The law stipulates that all schools must procure a \"recognition certificate\" from the government and it would be renewable every three years. Institutions failing to obtain the certificate can be deemed derecognized. Heavy fines can also be slapped on them under provisions of the Act.The norm is applicable to existing private schools, including those affiliated to the ICSE and CBSE boards. Not attached to the state board, these schools required only a no-objection certificate from the state education department previously.Even though the Act came into force two years ago, all private schools are yet to apply for the state recognition. Jageshwar Saharia, additional chief secretary, said, \"No ICSE or CBSE school has sought the recognition certificate so far.\"With the state required to implement all provisions of the Act by 2013-14, Saharia said his department planned to ask every institution to obtain the recognition certificate shortly. \"While the Act places the onus of obtaining the certificate on schools, we would like to facilitate the process,\" Saharia added.Decision on quota category likely to be taken on May 22The state government could formally announce the category of students, who can apply for free and compulsory education in schools, on May 22.According to a Supreme Court verdict on the RTE Act, all aided and unaided non-minority schools must reserve 25% of their seats for children from \"weaker sections\" and \"disadvantaged groups\" in Class I (or at the entry level) from the current academic session.On May 22, cabinet ministers are expected to finalize a notification defining \"weaker sections\" and \"disadvantaged groups\". The notification will also provide details of the process and the timetable for the admission of students. The state would provide reimburse grants to the extent of Rs 10,217 per child to private unaided schools. The grants will be issued in two instalments, one in October and the next in April.- Sandeep Ashar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13309305", "title": "West Bengal girls beat boys in ICSE, ISC", "text": "KOLKATA: Girls have outshone boys in both ICSE and ISC from the state. The pass percentage of girls in ICSE is 99.04% while for boys it's 98.31%. In ISC, too, girls have done better with a pass percentage of 98.88% while boys have achieved 96.79%.Nidhi Chandak from Maheshwari Girls' High School has topped the state in ICSE with 98.6%. She has, in fact, stood second in the country, after Madhavi Singh from Dhanbad and Salakha Kulkarni of Mumbai, both of whom have secured 98.80%.Rhine Samajdar of Calcutta Boy's School has topped the state in ISC with 99%. He has ranked third in the country.This year, the number of candidates who took ICSE was 25,665 while 17,966 students had taken ISC. Among the 25,665 students, 14,698 (57.2%) were boys and 10,967 (42.73%) girls. Among the 17,966 who took ISC, 10,114 (56.30%) were boys while 7,852 (43.70%) were girls.In ICSE, there has been a rise in the pass percentage over last year with 98.62% students clearing (up by 0.07% from last year) the exam. However, in ISC, there has been a dip in the pass percentage of 97.70% (down by 0.02% from last year).This year, students from 303 schools from West Bengal had taken the ICSE, while 185 schools had sent their candidates to take in ISC. A press release from the CISCE reads: \"The ICSE examination has been conducted in 65 written subjects of which 23 are Indian languages and 13 are foreign languages. The ISC examination has been conducted in 49 written subjects of which 14 are Indian languages and 6 are foreign languages and 1 classical language.\"Among the schools that boasted of several candidates with 90% and above in the aggregate were the usual favourites like Don Bosco Park Circus, Modern High School for Girls, La Martiniere, St Xavier's Collegiate School, St James', Future Foundation School, Calcutta Boys', MP Birla Foundation HS School and Vivekananda Mission School, Joka. The biggest surprise, however, came from Maheshwari Girls' High School where Nidhi Chandak stood second in the country and topped the state with 98.6%.Nidhi wants to study economics and later pursue an MBA. She is currently studying commerce and will continue in the same school.With 99% Rhine Samajdar from Calcutta Boy's topped from West Bengal in ISC and stood third in India. Unlike most of his classmates, Rhine is not inclined towards engineering. The IITs hold no attraction for him. \"I want to go into research,\" he said.The toppers for ICSE, as announced by the CISCE, were calculated on the basis of marks in English and four best subjects, while ISC toppers were chosen after calculating the marks in English and the three best subject scores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13309679", "title": "Nigerians bring drugs into Goa from Mumbai, Delhi: Cops", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa police investigating the route through which Nigerian drug peddlers bring narcotic drugs to Goa suspect that they may be trafficking drugs into the state from either Mumbai or Delhi.This suspicion has grown stronger after the arrest of Nigerian national Victor Izuchukwu Ubalozi, 37, in a raid at Saligao this month by the Calangute police. The team seized drugs-6g of cocaine, 205g of charas and ganja weighing 105g-all worth 1,76,550 from the Nigerian. He was arrested and an offence was registered against him under Section 20 (b) (ii) (B) and Section 21 (b) of the Narcotics, Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985.\"Most Nigerians stay in the state without valid documents and indulge in the drug trade. We want to bust the racket and find the route through which they bring drugs into Goa. We are also trying to find out who they purchase the drugs from,\" said a senior police officer. Since the last four days, senior police officials, including IGP Sanjay Singh, have been interrogating the Nigerian. However, Ubalozi's reply to every police query's the same: Either \"Jesus knows everything\" or \"God Almighty knows the answer\". Police further said that the Nigerians-Johnson Ezechukwu Chukwudi and Romanus Ikechukwu Onyeisi-claim to be innocent and say they have been wrongfully booked by the cops. The police are also reportedly investigating if Chukwudi and Onyeisi have fake visas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13309767", "title": "Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation under lens over labour cess", "text": "NASHIK: The recovery of labour cess by Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) has come under the scanner after Nashik's district collector P Velrasu instructed the deputy labour commissioner's (DLC) office to examine the issue follow-ing questions raised by the city's industrial associations and trade bodies. Velrasu had asked for a report over cess collection within 15 days.The industrial associations, at a meeting with district collector P Velarasu, had pointed out lapses in cess recovery by the MIDC following which the collector instructed the deputy labour commissioner to examine the issue .Dnyaneshwar Gopale, president, Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA), said, \"The way MIDC is recovering labour cess is completely wrong. Companies under the Factory Act have been excluded from collection, but MIDC recovers cess in a blanket manner. During a recent state-level meeting of the Rajya Udyog Mitra, the labour department had clarified that companies which are under the Factory Act are not applicable for paying cess. We had informed the MIDC to follow the labour department's guidelines but it has not.\"When contacted, an official from the deputy labour commissioner's office said, \"NIMA had given us a memorandum and we forwarded this proposal to the Maharashtra Building &amp; Other Construction Workers' Board. The decision has to be taken by the Board.\"MIDC charges labour cess of 1% of the total construction cost from industries. Cess is collected while sanctioning construction plans. The revenue collected through labour cess is deposited directly into the accounts of Maharashtra Building and Other Construction Workers Board. This fund is then spent for the welfare of labourers across the state. In Nashik division, abour cess amounting to Rs. 14 crore was collected in the FY 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13316947", "title": "I would have committed suicide, says Karnataka BJP chief", "text": "BANGALORE: Launching a counter-offensive against B S Yeddyurappa, BJP chief in Karnataka K S Eshwarappa said that he would have committed suicide if he was in the former CM's present situation.\"I definitely would have committed suicide rather than facing these hurdles,\" Eshwarappa said on Sunday referring to CBI inquiry and raids on Yeddyurappa in connection to illegal mining cases.Eshwarappa, however, lauded Yeddyurappa, saying he that he was a bold individual and had the capacity to cross any hurdle and emerge victorious.The BJP has preferred to remain silent in the face of Yeddyurappa's onslaught against top party leaders.On Saturday, the sulking Karnataka strongman Yeddyurappa took central BJP leaders head on, stating no one had the capacity and potential to lead the party. Invoking former Prime minister A B Vajapayee's name, the former chief minister said none of the leaders had the capacity to lead the partyin the hour of crisis. \"The party has failed to introspect and resolve internal party crisis in Gujarat, Rajasthan and Karnataka,\" he maintained.The attack from the beleagured BJP leader comes at a time when BJP is gearing up for executive meet at Mumbai scheduled on May 24 &amp; 25 to re-elect Nitin Gadkari as its president for one more term.Yeddyurappa has said he will skip the executivemeet of party. Public bashing of state and central BJP leaders for last few days is seen as Yeddyurappa's ploy to invite disciplinary action from the party, so that he can cash in on the consequent sympathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13310817", "title": "Speed trial between Ballekere and Devanuror", "text": "MYSORE: The train network between Mysore and Shimoga will improve following doubling of a 9-km stretch of track between Arasikere and Birur.The stretch between Ballekere and Devanur railway stations is readying for opening with the statutory inspection by the commissioner of railway safety scheduled for Monday. The speed trail is to check the safety parameters.The 9-km stretch between Ballekere and Devanur in Arasikere-Birur section has been doubled, which will be inspected by the commissioner. This comes six months after the railway introduced daily inter-city service between Mysore and Shimoga.\"The speed trial will be conducted on the newly-laid railway line on Monday, and the train will run at speed in excess of 100 kmph,\" Mysore divisional senior commercial manager Anup Dayanand Sadhu said on Saturday. He sounded alert, asking public not to trespass the track during the trials, which will attract prosecution under various provisions of the Railway Act (1989).Meanwhile, 35 employees, who rendered 25 years of service in various safety departments of the railway were honoured by the South Western Railway Women's Welfare Organization at the Divisional Railway Manager's Office. DRM Vinod Kumar appreciated the association for recognizing and appreciating the dedicated services of field employees.Srita Sharma, president of SWRWWO, pointed out that the field staff serve even under inclement weather and difficult situation. Staff attached to engineering, mechanical, operating, signal and telecommunication and electrical departments of Mysore division were honoured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13310895", "title": "Gave blood 57 times, then kidney", "text": "LONDON: An 83-year-old man has achieved a double by becoming the oldest living kidney donor in the UK and the oldest person in the country to give a kidney to a stranger.But Nicholas Crace isn't done yet. \"I've given blood 57 times,\" the pensioner said. \"There's not much of me left to give while I'm alive but they can have the rest when I'm no longer here.\"The former charity director, from Overton, Hampshire, is the latest member of an exclusive club known as altruistic donors - someone who gives a kidney to somebody on the NHS waiting list whom they do not know. The operation was carried out recently at the Queen Alexandra Hospital, Portsmouth.The widower underwent 14 tests over six months before receiving approval for the operation . He was told that his kidneys functioned as well as someone in their 40s.Crace said: \"The kidney has to be in tip-top condition. I don't smoke but I drink more than they say you should. I must have selected my parents well. \"A volunteer driver for a local hospice, Crace was back on his bicycle and mowing the lawn three days after the operation. He would give more bodily donations if he could. He said: \"It's nice at 83 to still be of service.\"The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "zaozhuang (china)", "code": "13318055", "title": "Indian men drub Iran in Asian Nations Chess Cup", "text": "ZAOZHUANG (CHINA): Top rated Indian Grandmaster Krishnan Sasikiran scored the most important victory and paved the way for a 3.5-0.5 victory over Iran in the fourth round of Asian Nations Chess Cup in progress here.After a brief lull when he lost to Wang Hao of China in the previous round, Sasikiran, only the second Indian after Viswanathan Anand to reach the 2700 rating mark, showed his true mettle in a complicated game against Iranian counterpart Ghaem Maghami Ehsan and won a fine positional game.P Harikrishna, who was instrumental in India holding top seed China-1 in the previous round turned out to be the lone Indian conceding a draw to Alavi Seyed Javad on the second board while Asian champion Parimarjan Negi cruised to an emphatic victory against Pourya Darini.On the fourth board, national champion Abhijeet Gupta had to sweat hard against Asghar Golizadeh, but in the end the perseverance of the Indian paid off.With five rounds still to come in the premier team event for Asian countries, China-1 and India now share the lead on seven match points. For China-1 it was a spectacular triumph over China-2 as they romped home 3.5-0.5.With the match points tied, China-1 holds a minimal edge over Indians as they have half point more when counting game points. Kazakhstan are the other team in reckoning on six points while Vietnam and China-2 are another half point adrift in the 14-teams competition.In the women section, the Indian eves continued with their good run to beat Mongolia 2.5-1.5 and now occupy the sole second spot on six points. It was a terrible first round loss against China-2 that is still haunting the Indian women team members but they have been on a recovery path since then.China-1 maintained a clean slate in here defeating Iran 2.5-1.5 and for the first time it looked that they could be vulnerable too. With their fourth victory from as many matches China-1 moved to eight points in all and they are now trailed by India on six points.Tania Sachdev scored the crucial victory for her team at the expense of Batchimeg Tuvshintugs on the second board after Munguntuul Batkhuyag held Harika to an easy draw.National women's champion Mary Ann Gomes beat Lkhamsuren Uuganbayar but on the fourth board, Padmini Rout surprisingly lost to Saikhanzaya Ganbaatar, rated way below the Indian.Sasikiran outclassed Maghami right from the opening. For the records it was a Bogo Indian defense wherein Sasikiran gained control of the black squares and played in classical fashion.Sasikiran completed the formalities with an exchange sacrifice and won in 41 moves.Gupta was made to work hard in a King pawn game by Golizadeh. The middle game and the endgame were close to equal but Gupta decided to continue and Golizadeh fumbled and lost a pawn. The game still had fighting chances but with his clock ticking away, the Iranian International Master had no chances.Complete results round 4 open (Team points in bracket): China-2 (5) lost to China-1 (7); 0.5-3.5; India (7) beat Iran (7) 3.5-0.5; Kazakhstan (6) beat Singapore (4) 3-1; Mongolia (3) lost to Vietnam (5) 1-3; Korea(2) lost to Iraq (4) 0.5-3.5; Indonesia (4) beat Yemen (2) 4-0; Chinese Taipei (0) lost to Hong Kong (2) 1.5-2.5.Indian results: K Sasikiran beat Ghaem Maghami Ehsan; Alavi Seyed Javad drew with P Harikrishna; Parimarjan Negi beat Darini Puria; Asghar Golizadeh lost to Abhijeet Gupta.Women: China-1 (8) beat Iran (5) 2.5-1.5; Singapore (0) lost to Indonesia (4) 0-4; India (6) beat Mongolia (3) 2.5-1.5; China-3 (5) drew with Vietnam (3) 2-2; China-2 (4) beat Kazakhstan (2)Indian results: D Harika drew with Munguntuul Batkhuyag; Batchimeg Tuvshintugs lost to Tania Sachdev; Mary Ann Gomes beat Lkhamsuren Uuganbayar; Saikhanzaya Ganbaatar beat Padmini Rout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13308307", "title": "Police on hunt for Lashkar-e-Taiba agent Najeehullah", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state intelligence agencies have intensified search for Shaikh Najeehullah aka Najeeh, an alleged Lashkar-e-Taiba operative from Hyderabad, suspecting that he might have entered Andhra Pradesh with some sinister designs.Mohammed Abdul Khaja alias Amjad, an accused in the 2005 Begumpet Task Force office blast case, had told his interrogators in 2010 that Najeehullah who was receiving training in the handling of arms and ammunition in Pakistan was smuggled by his handlers into Jammu and Kashmir from the side of occupied Kashmir. He was allegedly helped by a Pakistani national Pervez in crossing the border. Amjad also told the police at that time Najeehullah, after completion of his training, had stayed at the residence of Abdul Shahed Bilal, another Hyderabadi. Bilal and his brother who were living in Karachi at that time were reportedly bumped off by Pakistani agents later. It is not known what task was given to Najeehullah when he was first pushed in to India.\" We will be able to find out lot of things once we lay our hands on him,\" one of the sources quoted an intelligence official as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13308399", "title": "Rajasthan vs Mumbai - a practice match ahead of playoffs", "text": "JAIPUR: It's the last match of IPL's league stages and Team Mumbai have a lot to play for. When Harbhajan Singh's men take on Team Rajasthan at the Sawai Mansingh Stadium on Sunday, they'll be aware that their opponents have nothing to gain or lose. Rajasthan are out of contention and they'll just be going about the motions.With Hyderabad having spoilt their chances on Friday, Rajasthan would be a disappointed lot. But then, the pressure would no longer be there on them. They would need something extra to motivate them, and that could be the prospects of a fitting farewell for skipper Rahul Dravid. The former India star is unlikely to return to the IPL next season and Rajasthan would be hoping to ensure that he bows out on a high.That could be a cause of worry for Mumbai. Rajasthan have beaten quite a few heavyweights this season, and they are capable to repeating that. Mumbai haven't had an exceptional season so far and they would be wary of Rajasthan.Rajasthan had a good start to the season, but somehow, lost their way as the tournament progressed. Ajinkya Rahane's form dipped and Shane Watson played well in patches, but was never as destructive as he is capable of being. Watson in full flow can be compared to a Chris Gayle or a David Warner. That, however, never happened for Rajasthan this season. Johan Botha and Ashok Menaria, their key players in the middle-order, failed to fire. The bowling oscillated between good, bad and worse.Mumbai too have had their own problems, but their big guns packed just about enough firepower to see them to this stage. Sachin Tendulkar never really got going, after having missed a few matches due to injury. Harbhajan Singh has not been in the best of forms either.It is hot and windy in Jaipur now, with the occasional sand storm in the evenings, and the Mumbai players might not find that too comfortable. The wicket appears to be helpful for batting, something that the Tendulkars, Pollards and Rohit Sharmas would enjoy. For the Rajasthan batsmen, it is another tryst with Lasith Malinga toe-crunchers. Individual brilliance can inject some life in this 'dead' game for them.Incidentally, Rajasthan suffered their first defeat of the season to Mumbai. The situation is quite different now, yet the hosts might just relish an opportunity to pay back in kind in their backyard.All tickets had been sold out much before it became clear that this would be Rajasthan's last match in this IPL. Tendulkar, of course, is the one everyone wants to see. The Little Master made a grand into the RCA Academy for practice on Saturday evening, driving a golf cart with Harbhajan and Herschelle Gibbs on both sides. His fans in Jaipur would be expecting a lot from him on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13308989", "title": "FPAI to back Tolgay Ozbey", "text": "KOLKATA: Former India skipper Baichung Bhutia has butted in with a promise to back Tolgay Ozbey, who has been caught in a web of claims and counter-claims with East Bengal following his decision to switch allegiance to Mohun Bagan.The Australian striker, who has been the highest scorer for the red and golds in the two seasons he has turned out for them, was recently reported to have signed a two-year deal with arch-rivals Mohun Bagan.It had East Bengal challenging the move, saying the former Blacktown City player has already accepted advance pay from them to stay back at the club, a claim Tolgay has refuted. Bhutia's reaction on Saturday was sharp.\"Such things used to happen 40 years ago in the English football. It's unfortunate that it's still happening in India,\" Bhutia said on the sidelines of an exhibition match at the Howrah Municipal Stadium on Saturday. Bhutia, who is the president of the Football Players Association of India (FPAI), said the players' body would stand firmly behind Tolgay.\"The matter should be resolved in the next 10 days. When the country is trying to get to the next level, such things peg us back and show us in poor light. I hope the AIFF and the IFA take strong action against the guilty,\" he added. The IFA did promise exactly that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13309868", "title": "Chennai advocate directs thieves to burgle relative's house", "text": "BANGALORE: From Chennai, this advocate masterminded a burglary in Bangalore in which the thieves fled with booty worth Rs 57 lakh. City police arrested Madras High Court advocate Varunashri K Prabhakar of Ambedkar Street, Arumbakkam in Chennai, and recovered property worth Rs 57 lakh was recovered from her.East division crime detection squad and Banasawadi police said the advocate allegedly took the help of habitual offender Manjunatha alias Duck Manja in burgling her relative's house in the city. Police arrested Manja and his two associates in April and recovered 1.5 kg gold, 20 kg silver ornaments and other household material. The three men burgled the house of Tejaswi, a relative of Varunashri, in Hanumantnagar some time ago. \"Tejaswi and his family had gone abroad on a personal visit. Varunashri learnt of their departure and contacted Manja, who was serving seven years' imprisonment for several offences in Parappana Agrahara central jail,\" police said.Varunashri is said to have helped him secure bail. Police said she took him to Chennai and provided him with a new SIM card and mobile exclusively for this operation. \"Manja and two associates burgled the house and they travelled to Chennai with the booty. Varunashri gave some money to Manja and kept the booty with her,\" police added. Varunashri is a native of Malur in Kolar and had worked with a city high court advocate. \"She specialized in helping offenders come out on bail,\" police said.Commissioner speaksCity police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji said: \"We're questioning all the accused to learn whether they have committed more offences. We're also questioning advocate Varunashri as she has helped many other habitual offenders get bail.\"Manjunatha alias Duck ManjaWhen he was a minor, Siddapura police arrested Manja on burglary charges and sent him to a remand home. Since then, Manja has committed over 37 offences including burglary and robbery. In 2006, he attacked two policemen in Tumkur when they tried to catch him. Preliminary investigation revealed that Manja had burgled more than 10 houses in different parts of the city. Manja's associates were Ravi George alias Sebastian Doyas, 32, of Basaveshwaranagar and S Krishnamachari alias Ramachari, 31, of Kamalanagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "13309472", "title": "12-hour traffic woes after truck accident", "text": "HOWRAH: There was complete chaos on NH-6 and NH-2 after two trucks collided head on around 2.30am on Saturday resulting in traffic deadlock. The accident occurred on Domjur's Pakuria bridge and traffic was stalled for about 12 hours on the key highways.There was complete chaos on NH-6 and NH-2 after two trucks collided head-on around 2.30 am on Saturday in Domjur's Pakuria bridge. Traffic remained stalled for nearly 12 hours on the key highways.Two trucks loaded with construction material were coming from opposite ends. While one was on its way to Dankuni, the other was headed for Alampur. The trucks collided head on and later a speeding trailer carrying iron rods also came and rammed into the trucks from behind. in from behind and collided with these trucks.The helper of one of the trucks was injured and had to be admitted to hospital while the entire stretch got blocked.Traffic along 4km on either side of the bridge came to a complete standstill. As the day proceeded, there was complete chaos along 4km stretches in either direction from the bridge.Vehicles piled up toward the bridge along large stretches of NH-6 and NH-2. It was around 3am that police brought in five cranes to remove the trucks and trailer. But the task was pretty uphill and it took them till around noon to clear the bridge.Police said that traffic was diverted from Dhulagarh to Karola in Domjur, while the Bally-bound vehicles were diverted from and then from Hooghly's Chandipur for all Bally-bound vehicles. Alampur-bound vehicles were diverted through Domjur's Ankurhati and then Chanditala. Traffic movement could be restored to normal only around 1pm.In a separate accident at Bagnan, also on NH-6, two persons were killed and another injured when a motorbike on which the trio were riding collided with a dumper. Police said the biker lost control and rammed straight into the dumper parked on the roadside.The trio was not wearing helmets. While the biker Sheikh Jahid (20) and pillion rider Sheikh Basarul (21) were declared brought dead at the hospital, the other person riding pillion was admitted to Uluberia hospital with serious injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13309842", "title": "Cochlear implant can transform kids' lives", "text": "BANGALORE: Yash looked any other normal child, except that he wouldn't react to his parents or elder brother when they'd call him. For the first eight months after his birth, parents Kishan and Pinky Agrawal, natives of Ambikapur in Chhattisgarh , attributed this to slow growth. But the truth fell like a blow when their physician told them that Yash was born with hearing disability and wouldn't be able to hear naturally.Kishan and Pinky consulted various ENT specialists in Raipur and Mumbai as Yash was unable to talk even though he was 18 months old. In Mumbai, he was given a hearing aid and speech therapy which he underwent for one month. He was asked to come for follow-ups every six months till he turned three. The family also banked on a family priest's assurance who said Yash would start talking after four years.Until the day Yash's uncle Vikas Agrawal, a software professional in Bangalore, met Dr Sheelu Srinivas, an ENT surgeon at Fortis Hospitals, and discussed Yash's problem with her. After diagnosing Yash, who was by then 4 \u00bd years old, she advised the Agrawals to opt for a cochlear implant with a year of rigorous speech training.The traditional business family didn't want Yash to undergo a surgery at such a young age. \"It took a little time to convince the parents. I explained that a child's brain development happens tremendously up to five years and it's important to get a cochlear implant done before the age of five. Once the brain development age passes, even a cochlear implant isn't of much use,\" Dr Sheelu told TOI.Yash underwent cochlear implant in the right ear in 2009, followed by a speech therapy for a year. \"The improvement is dramatic. Yash is quite talkative now. Every day, he talks about the incidents at school. He's a good student and scores about 80%, and now we want to admit him in an English-medium school (he's currently in a Hindi-medium one),\" said Kishan Agrawal.DoctorspeakGlobally, one in every 10,000 children is hearing impaired and one in every 1,000 newborn or children born out of high-risk pregnancy can suffer permanent deafness. Child should be screened for hearing ability immediately after birth and treatment started from second or third month after birth. \"Parents must remember that if the baby does not barbell by 6 months, it's a worrying sign and they must get a test done. Cochlear implants are like bionic ears and hearing can improve with time,\" said Dr Sheelu. She also says parents must put the child through rigorous speech therapy after the implant, and that's the only way to improve the child's communication skills.Cost factorA cochlear implant can cost anywhere between Rs 5 lakh and Rs 10 lakh depending on the frames. A basic implant including pre- and post-surgery treatment can cost about Rs 6.5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13308147", "title": "Girl arrested in sex racket may be pregnant: Cops", "text": "NASHIK: One of the five persons arrested by the crime branch in connection with a suspected flesh trade racket is suspected to be pregnant. However, cops are waiting for the girl's medical reports to confirm the same.The city crime branch had raided Hotel Karawali near Amritdham, Hanuman Nagar, along the Mumbai-Agra national highway, on Thursday evening and detained five alleged commercial sex workers, along with the manager of the hotel and a customer. The girls, all around 18 years of age, refused to reveal their true names or ages. They will hence be produced before a probationary officer of a remand home, and their details and background will be verified.Sources said that one of the girls is from Nagpur, three are from West Bengal and one from Bangladesh . The raid was conducted on a tip-off by a Pune social organization called the 'Freedom Firm'. A day before the raid, the crime branch had got a letter from the organization claiming that a sex racket was underway at the Karawali hotel. Acting on the tip-off, police inspector Arun More led the raid on Thursday.A decoy customer was sent into the hotel with a witness. Five girls were presented to the decoy customer and the witness, who secretly intimated a police team comprising seven to eight crime branch officials, who then raided the hotel.While one girl was with the decoy, three others were found in a room nearby and one more girl was found with a customer in the hotel. The police also confiscated the money given to the manager by the decoy.Crime branch sleuths arrested the manager of the hotel, Rohit Yadav, and also confiscated Rs 14,050 in cash from him and packets of condoms from the hotel. Crime branch officials said the women are trained to not reveal any personal details and so the names and ages given by them could be fictitious. Once produced before the probation officer of the remand home, they will start revealing the truth, crime branch officials.The 'Freedom Firm' is an organization from Pune working towards rescuing persons caught in sex trafficking rackets, a source revealed. Further investigations are underway by the Panchvati police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13310269", "title": "Doctor booked for molestation", "text": "GONDIA: An offence of molestation and atrocities was registered against Dr Vivek Yewale (29), medical officer of Dawaniwada primary health centre, on the complaint of a laboratory technician of the same hospital on Thursday.Dr Yewale, a resident of Wadsa-Desaiganj, is working with the 27-year-old technician. According to a complaint lodged with Dawaniwada police, the woman technician complained that Dr Yewale was threatening her if she did not fulfil his sexual desire and that he would terminate her. When she did not budge, he took her on a tour, promised to marry her and established physical relations with her. When the doctor did not keep the marriage promise, she lodged a complaint with police.An offence under various provisions of sexual exploitation and atrocities on backward communities was registered against Dr Yewale who is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13309208", "title": "Water supply breakdown leaves buckets dry", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city, on the one side, is struggling to get proper pressure in water supply, and on the other, two phases of main water supply pipeline from Kajauli canal broke down due to technical reasons on Friday. The authority immediately intervened, but took almost a day to sort out the problem. Water from Kajauli canal comes to the city through four pipeline phases on daily basis. During late Friday evening, a major fault emerged in two main supply pipelines, which affected a large chunk of the city, particularly the southern sectors. The worst affected were sectors 39, 38, 37, 44, 51, 52 46, 47 and 48.An official from municipal corporation's engineering wing said, \"Though we managed to solve the problem by Saturday evening, but the backlog will take at-least a day before it normalizes. The water tanks which went dry due to the sudden fault will take time to have enough water for residents.\"Mukesh Bassi, chairman of water supply committee, said, \"It was a sudden breakdown in the water pipelines, which the MC officials attended to immediately. The water supply will normalize in the coming days.\"Municipal councilor and Sector 37 resident Arun Sood told TOI, \"There was no water supply in my area throughout the afternoon. MC must make alternative arrangements to avoid such problems.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13309875", "title": "Girls outshine boys in ICSE class XII exam", "text": "PATNA: City girls generally fared better than the boys in class 12 and class 10 examination as the Council for Indian School Certificate Examinations (CISCE) announced ICSE (Class 12) and ISC (Class 10) results on Saturday. Around 5,000 students in all had appeared the two examinations from the state.Supriya Rohtagi, a student of St. Joseph's Convent High School of commerce stream, scored 94.2 % marks, while Kriti, her batchmate, got 93.7 % marks in class 12 examination. Aditya of Don Bosco Academy, who wants to become a chartered accountant, got 86.5% marks. Speaking to TOI, he said, \"I am putting in my best to clear the upcoming Common Proficiency Test (CPT) examination to realize my dream. I credit my parents and teachers for my result.\"Science stream witnessed neck and neck competition. Tanay Mukund of Don Bosco Academy, who wants to become an engineer, got 90.25% marks. Talking to TOI, he said, \"I am expecting good result in All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE). I am also appearing in BITS Pilani entrance examination.\" Crediting his parents and his brother for his success, he added, \"Though I am happy with my results, I feel I could have done better.\" Gayatri of St. Joseph's Convent High School also did her parents and school proud by achieving 90.2% marks. Shashank Shekhar of Don Bosco Academy too performed well and got 89.5% marks.Arts stream, too, showed dominance of girls. Uzma Batool and Adithi Anand of St. Joseph's Convent High School brought laurels to their school by securing 93.5 marks each. Talking to TOI over phone from Delhi, Uzma said, \"I want to appear at the Civil Services examination. For that, I have decided to pursue history (honours).\" She added, \"I hope to get admission in some good college of Delhi University .\" She was followed by her schoolmate Antara Vijaya who got 93.3% marksISC class 10 results also brought cheers for schools and students. Shivam Chaudhary and Akshay U Hegde of International School and Sunanda Chatterjee of St. Joseph's Convent High School secured 98.2% marks. They were followed by Tulika Ranjan (97.4%) of St. Joseph's Convent High School and Abir Ahmad (97.2%) of St. Xavier's School. Talking to TOI, St. Xavier's School principal Fr. George said, \"We are satisfied with the results. All our students have come up as per our expectations.\"Students were also ecstatic on their success. Talking to TOI, Shivam, who wants to become an engineer, said, \"I am happy that I scored full marks in mathematics and computers. However, I could have performed better in other subjects.\" He added, \"For my success, I give credit to my parents and teachers.\"Students of Rose Bud School also made it big at the ISC examination. While I S Twinkle got 97.2% marks, Shourya and Yash got 94.2% and 93.2% marks respectively.Alok Kumar and Shubham Patel of Lohiya Nagar Mt. Carmel School achieved 95% and 94% marks, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13308400", "title": "Panel to be set up on property tax", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) will set up an advisory committee to conduct a comprehensive survey on properties, both residential and commercial, in its limits for rationalisation of property tax. A resolution to this effect was passed unanimously during the GHMC general body meeting held under the chairmanship of Hyderabad mayor Mohammed Majid Hussain on Saturday.The mayor said members of the advisory committee would be named after the standing committee meeting. Raising the issue of property tax revision, Kukatpally corporator D Venkata Samrajyam (TDP) said that despite the Corporation inviting tenders for Geographical Information System (GIS) to fix property tax, officials messed up revision of tax on non-residential properties and imposed a 25% penalty on the pretext of unauthorised constructions. \"Property owners are doing rounds of GHMC offices with petitions seeking reduction of taxes,\" the corporator added.TDP floor leader and Saidabad corporator Singireddy Srinivas Reddy also raised the property tax issue. Stating that the GHMC was imposing heavy fines and collecting property taxes, including 8% library cess and demanded the officials to furnish zone-wise details on development of libraries. Congress floor leader and Golnaka corporator Kaleru Venkatesham sought to know whether GHMC was introducing sweeping units as part of its new sanitation drive. \"Has the GHMC taken approval of the standing committee to change the system?\" he questioned.Nampally legislator (MIM) Virasat Rasool Khan said the GHMC was collecting hundreds of crores as property tax, but there was no visible development in the core area. Responding to queries raised by members, GHMC commissioner M T Krishna Babu said the civic body was in the process of collating data of all properties using GIS technology and allotting a unique identification number for each property for tax assessment.\"A scientific method will be followed to assess property tax. So far, property tax assessment of 1.25 lakh properties (both residential and commercial) was done and the demand rose to Rs 759 crore,\" he added. The GHMC has been using hand-held machines to issue property tax demand notices. \"Disciplinary action will be taken against bill collectors if they are found to be issuing manual demand notices,\" he added.With no quorum after lunch, the mayor adjourned the general body meeting to May 24 at around 3pm. Of 220 members, 141 attended the morning session, but post-lunch, the number fell to 51, four short of the minimum 55 members for the quorum. Meanwhile, TDP corporators staged a protest in front of the mayor's podium demanding not to hike property tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13309252", "title": "Top cops under scanner in job scam", "text": "CHANDIGARH: About a dozen Chandigarh police personnel, including DSPs, are in the dock for procedural lapses during recruitments of 19 assistant sub-inspectors (ASIs) in 2007.On the recommendation of the CBI, the police department has started an inquiry against seven cops and sought permission for departmental probe against DSPs, including two retired and a serving, from the home department.The CBI has found procedural lapses in ASI recruitments when some of the unsuccessful candidates filed a complaint with the investigating agency alleging favoritism on the part of certain Chandigarh police officials. Meanwhile, CBI probe has established that a total 10 selected ASIs were not eligible and were inducted after giving privileges.According to police sources, the DSP-rank officials against whom permission of action was sought included serving DSP B S Chadha and two retired officials - Om Parkash and J S Cheema. Sources said a departmental probe had already been marked against nine sub inspectors and inspector rank officials.A senior police official said, \"Though the police department can initiate departmental probe against sub inspector and inspector rank officials without any prior permission, permission from the home department is necessary for investigating DSP rank officials.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13309069", "title": "Dead body found on Anasagar lake", "text": "AJMER: The body of a 30-year-old man identified as Govind Kumar surfaced on Anasagar lake on Saturday. Kumar was a resident of Shisha Khan and he was under depression . A day ago, Kumar's two-year-old son Pawan was also found dead on the same spot. Police found that Govind drowned his son and committed suicide on Friday.Considering the high number of suicide incidents at Ramparsad Ghat of Anasagar, former state secretary of Congress party Rajesh Tandon demanded police security at this point. Last year, about half a dozen people attempted suicide from this place. There are also incidents of devotees, who came to attend the Urs of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishty, slipped and died while going for a bath there.According to police, the body of a two-year-old boy body was found on Friday evening and it was kept in hospital for identification. \"Today, another body surfaced on the lake and it belonged to Govind,\" police said and later the boy was identified as his son.Police said Govind and his wife Mala came to Ajmer about three years ago from Kolkota and had their marriage in Pushkar. \"Govind began working as scrap buyer and they started their family and soon had a son, Pawan,\" police said. About six months ago, Govind fell ill and was unable to go for work for a long period. \"He had to spend money on doctor and for his medicines and he was in depression\" Mala told police.Mala then started working as domestic help and got Rs 2000 per month. \"Govind was so depressed that he started talking about suicide and on Wednesday he said that he will take away his son also so that no money will be spent for milk of the child,\" Mala cried in the hospital.On Friday when Mala went out for work, Govind took Pawan to Ramparsad ghat and drown themselves in the lake. \"The body of the boy surfaced last evening and today we found the body of Govind,\" police said. Mala said she became worried when Govind and her son did not return home for the night and when she she enquired about them with police, she was taken for identification of the bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13309774", "title": "Technology Upgradation Fund Scheme: Entrepreneurs keep fingers crossed", "text": "SURAT: Textile entrepreneurs, including weavers and processors in the country's biggest man-made fibre industry in the city, are keeping their fingers crossed over the extension of Technology Upgradation Fund Scheme (TUFS) in the 12th Five Year Plan (2012-17).While the planning commission has given an in principle approval for the extension of the scheme in 12th Plan, but it is yet to be cleared by the cabinet following poor response it got due to sectoral slowdown in the industry last year.Industry sources said TUFS has been the growth engine of the man-made fibre industry. Small and medium entrepreneurs in the industry have been availing the benefits of TUFS to modernize their units by replacing old machineries with new and imported equipment.Arun Jariwala, chairman of Federation of Indian Art Silk Weaving Industry (FIASWI), said, \"We are keeping our fingers crossed on whether the TUFS would be extended to another five years. Last year, less number of units across the country had taken benefits under it. However, the government is skeptical on whether the scheme would work further.\"The textile ministry has recommended that TUFS, which ended on March 31, 2012, be continued for another five years.\"Big textile units across the country are not performing due to recession. Also, the economies of US and Europe are facing slowdown. Small and medium-sized units are suffering because the government looks at the performance of big units while approving the extension of TUFS for another five years,\" said Jariwala.Rakesh Patel , a weaver from Katargam, said, \"The government has removed customs duty on the import of shuttle looms in the Union Budget for 2012-13. But the removal of 5% duty is not going to encourage expansion and modernization in the industry. We need TUFS so that the industry's modernization process can continue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13309902", "title": "Nitish Kumar urges PM to ensure return of workers held captive in Angola", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar has sought the intervention of prime minister Manmohan Singh to resolve the crisis facing a thousand Indian workers including Biharis, at a cement factory at Sumbe in Angola and urged him to use his good office to save the helpless workers who were allegedly held hostage by their employer.In a letter to the PM, Nitish said, \"The situation is serious enough to warrant immediate intervention by government of India. I request you to direct the authorities concerned to take action urgently to ensure that fair treatment is given to the Indian labourers in Angola, their wages are paid and they are assisted in returning home if they choose to do so.\"Expressing concern over the labourers being taken hostage after a dispute arose between them and their employers, the CM said tear gas shells and bullets were also fired followed by arrest of some workmen and imposition of fine on them. \"The anxious relatives in Bihar have reported that some of them are injured and deprived of proper treatment,\" he said and added that their passports have been impounded by the company and wages have been withheld for months.The crisis has been continuing for the last few days. The matter was also raised in Parliament and the minister for overseas Indian affairs said the government was taking up the matter with the government in Angola.Reports said that a multinational company had hired over 1,000 Indians to work in a cement factory near Sumbe, the administrative capital of Cuanza Sul Province in west-central Angola. Most of them were kept hostage after they went on a strike a few days back demanding release of their wages. The firm called the police and about three dozen workers were arrested and they were left to starve.Sources said the company had hired the workers on contract and promised to pay in US dollar. But it now offers to pay in kwanza, the local currency of Angola.The company, ETA Star International, said the overtime payment of remuneration was being made in kwanza due to scarcity of US currency in the banks. It declared the strike illegal and against the terms of the contract.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "13309834", "title": "Anti-mining activists hold meet in Bicholim", "text": "KERI: A one-day meeting of anti-mining activists from various parts of Goa was held at Vhavati on the banks of the Bicholim river.The Environment Impact Assessment Resource and Response Centre based in Delhi and Dicholi Nadi Bachao Samiti jointly organized the orientation on the environment impact process in which various aspects of EIA processes for projects with potential of damage to natural environment including, wild flora and fauna, rivers, wetlands and communities were discussed.Environment lawyer Ritwik Dutta from Delhi highlighted the building up of an expert advocacy and action group that should be in a position to scientifically critique and challenge the clearances based on faulty EIA reports of environmentally-sensitive projects ranging from mining, hydro and thermal power to roads, highways and ports among others.Others who spoke were Ramesh Gauns, Madhu Gaonkar of Khandola, Krishnakant Jog of Sancorda, Ramchandra Garde and Achyut Gaonkar of Pilgao, Pushpa Jain and Gaurav Shirodkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13309217", "title": "Pay three times more, get passport in half the time", "text": "CHENNAI: Need a passport urgently? Get in touch with a travel agent or one of the numerous touts in front of the Regional Passport Office (RPO), pay Rs 8,000-10,000 and get a tatkal passport. The official rate for a tatkal passport is Rs 2,500 and 3-4 days to get. An annexure in the application says a verification certificate endorsed by a specified group of officials, including IAS officers, is required passport if the three stipulated identity proof documents are not available.Promising such verification certificates, touts exploit the gullible public, say the sources. \"Recommendation letters of MPs, IPS officers, IAS officials and even ministers are procured and it is difficult to find out which is a fake and which is genuine,\" said an official at the RPO here.A tout at the RPO in Shastri Bhavan boasted, \"you can't get an online appointment on your own. We can get you an appointment and the passport one in two days for Rs 8,000.\"A glitch in the online system, launched by the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) through Tata Consultancy Services ( TCS), allows multiple computer systems to be opened at the same time and the touts have been exploiting this, say sources. The glitches in the Rs 1,000 crore project are yet to be rectified.Aruna Sriram, an applicant, said \"I have been seeking an online appointment for the last 10 days. As soon as I log in, the 'window' is full. Touts open multiple systems and ensure the 'window' becomes full within moments of opening. One agent, whose office is next to the RPO, is ready with the filled-in nine-stage applications and as soon as the window opens, floods it. It is soon full. Genuine applicants don't have a chance.\"Regional Passport Officer C Senthil Pandian told TOI, \"In the earlier system, we arrested 40 touts. Recently, six were nabbed at a Passport Seva Kendra. The online system is open and can be accessed by all. If we receive specific complaints about the system being misused, we will take action.\"Other RPO officials said, \"we admit to a glitch in the system. we are now giving appointments to genuine applicants who approach us at the Rayala Towers office on Anna Salai''.In the earlier system, we arrested 40 touts. Recently, six were nabbed at a Passport Seva Kendra. The online system is open and can be accessed by all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13310351", "title": "Truck driver sets ablaze his female companion", "text": "COIMBATORE: Police arrested a 35-year-old truck driver on Saturday for attempting to kill his female companion by setting her ablaze after pouring kerosene. The incident occurred at Machampalayam near Sundarapuram on Friday. The 28-year-old woman, who suffered severe burn injuries, is now battling for life at Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH).According to police, V Mayil of Dharmapuri, met K Vediyappan of Dhenkanikottai, after getting divorce from her first husband four years ago. Since last year they were living together in a rented house at Machampalayam in Coimbatore. As a truck driver, Vediyappan used to be away from home leaving Mayil alone at home. She demand money from Vediyappan to manage herself in the city and this caused frequent clashes between them.On Friday, they fought again for money and in a fit of rage, Vediyappan poured kerosene over her before setting her ablaze. Vediyappan managed to escape from the house. The neighbours rushed to the house and doused the fire. Later she was rushed to CMCH.The Kuniyamuthur police have arrested Vediyappan and have booked him under section 307 (attempt to murder) of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13309025", "title": "Women on TV leave filmdom behind, match men in pay", "text": "MUMBAI: Contrary to the world of films, television is a medium where disparity between men and women does not exist and women are treated on an even keel. An actor like Sakshi Tanwar commands the same remuneration as her counterpart Ram Kapoor in the hugely popular television show Bade Achche Lagte Hain. The Queen Bee of Indian television Ekta Kapoor said, \"There is no gender bias and the two actors are paid the same amount.\"Though Vidya Balan is trying to bring about a change in the world of cinema by making films with women work at the box office, the film industry is still a male dominated space. Kareena Kapoor and Katrina Kaif may be very popular, but they don't really get credit for their contribution to a successful movie. Scriptwriter Dr Chandraprakash Dwivedi, who has been the creative head of a television channel in the late 90s, said, \"During my time, the content used to be male dominated but when it came to remuneration, everybody was equal. Rajendra Gupta and Neena Gupta drew the same salary.\"Television is all about the popularity of the show and the character one plays in a particular show. There have been characters like Ammaji, Daya, Tulsi, Prerna, Anandi and Mihir who have become immortal on television. An industry insider said, \"When Smriti Irani quit Kyunki Saas..., she drew Rs 60,000 an episode, which was probably the highest remuneration at that time.\" Avika Gor, who played the young Anandi in Balika Vadhu, earns Rs 35,000 a day.Television actors charge on a per-day basis. A range of top actors like Ram Kapoor, Sakshi Tanwar, Meghna Malik and Mona Singh draw a fee of Rs 60,000-1 lakh per day. Shweta Tiwari, who shot to fame as Prerna in Kasauti Zindagi Ki, today is one of the most popular faces on television. Tiwari, an A-list actor who shoots 25 days in a month, said, \"There is absolutely no gender bias in the television industry. In fact, I feel that it is a female dominated industry. As far as remuneration is concerned, it depends on the popularity of the actor, whether male or female. I believe that Ram and Sakshi will get the same remuneration as their characters are equally popular.\"Television actors have also started endorsing products. Sakshi Tanwar, Priyal Gor, Ronit Roy, Shweta Tiwari and Ritwik Dhanjani have been getting brand endorsements offers. A marketing strategist said, \"It helps the product in a big way. One gets a popular television face, whose visibility on television is 100 times more than a film star, and the cost works out to one hundredth of the remuneration of film stars.\"Sakshi Tanwar, who is estimated to be earning about Rs 75,000 a day and shooting about 15 to 20 days a month for her serial, earns in lakhs through product endorsements. Tiwari said, \"We do almost the same things like film stars. The only difference is that we are paid in lakhs and they earn in crores.\" Newcomers on television start with a salary of Rs 2,500 per day and as per contract are entitled to a 10% hike every year. An industry insider said, \"This can vary and it depends on the popularity of the serial. If both the serial and the character are appreciated, the salaries are doubled. At times, the actor demands a hike and threatens to quit if not given the same.\"The production and direction departments, however, are largely dominated by men. Writer/director Vinta Nanda said, \"Men in general don't feel comfortable dealing with women when it comes to financial issues, or making deals. I have faced that problem often and very recently when a deal I was trying to crack desperately seemed to be falling apart, a dear friend, a woman, actually advised me to get one of my male colleagues to deal with the men at the other end on my behalf, because she said the guys I was trying to crack a deal with may not be comfortable talking money with a woman. When I took her advice and put a male colleague between myself and the business associates, it worked.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13309678", "title": "'BJP played dirty in ward delimitation'", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda block Congress president John Pereira has alleged that the ruling BJP has manipulated ward reservations for political gain. Pereira said the BJP in connivance with the state election commission has reserved a ward for the Scheduled Tribes (STs), where the community is very low in numbers.The Curti-Khandepar village panchayat has about 84% ST community in its Koparwada ward, which is followed by Murdi ward. But, the government has reserved the ward Opa for the STs, where the community is less than 80%, Pereira said.Opa is a bastion of Pereira and he has been representing the ward since 1993. Pereira alleged that since he is a member of the Congress party, the ruling Congress has deliberately reserved his ward for STs for keeping him out of the polls.Pereira agreed that the government has succeeded in keeping Congress at bay in Curti-Khandepar panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13309849", "title": "For a walk, don't wait till it's dark", "text": "KOCHI: How safe is Kochi for women and children? Totally unsafe, says a safety audit done on public places in the city.This study undertaken through focus group discussions and safety audits by the Center for Gender, Development and Ecology (Samanwayam) with the support of UN Women, has revealed that women travel through the city under the constant fear of harassment and attacks.Bus stands and railway stations, Karakkamuri, the stretch from KSRTC stand to the railway station, Kaloor-Palarivattom-Edappally area, level crossings and area near Amrita Hospital and Ponekkara are some of the places which are unsafe for women, the survey says. Most women face problems while travelling in buses and trains.Misuse of mobile phones, eve-teasing, alcohol and drug abuse, and lack of toilet facilities are the major problems that women face. And the lack of proper infrastructure - street lights, parking facilities, proper roads and pocket roads - is the main reason why such a situation prevails. The forum conducted a month-long survey on exclusion, harassments, assault, unsafe environments and various other issues that women face in and around the city.The aim of the focus group was to identify and understand the factors that make women feel unsafe in public places and how their safety could be enhanced.\"Safety is one of our fundamental rights. It is being denied to women folk,\" says Sr Mariyamma Kalathil, director of the centre.The study also narrates incidents of harassment that women face. It gives women and girls not reacting as the main reason for the unsafe environment.The study report was presented to the corporation officials on Saturday. A meeting is scheduled on May 21 with the mayor and the deputy mayor to discuss the points mentioned in the report. On the poor infrastructure facilities in the city, deputy mayor B Bhadra said steps would be taken to correct this situation.According to volunteers who participated in the study, authorities should implement measures like a helpline to contact officials during emergencies, and a system that ensures speedy justice.Those women who complain should not be harassed, and the delay in procedures in such cases should be avoided. Improvement of infrastructure, training programmes to equip women to face difficult situations, and better facilities in public places are other suggestions to improve safety for women and children.Unsafe Places in city:\u00b7 Bus stands and railway stations.\u00b7 Karakkamuri.\u00b7 The stretch from KSRTC stand to railway station.\u00b7 Kaloor-Palarivattom-Edappally.\u00b7 Level crossings and area near Amrita Hospital.\u00b7 Ponekkara, near the railway crossing\u00b7 Mannassery-Chellanam Road", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13309904", "title": "Church lends a hand to environment protection", "text": "KOCHI: Doing their bit for the environment, the Ernakulam-Angamaly archdiocese has launched 'Haritha Jeevan', a project that gives prominence to waste management, soil, water and energy conservation , farming and food safety. Organized by the welfare services of the archdiocese, the programme intends to create awareness on the need to protect the environment through various means.Bishop Mar Thomas Chakiath inaugurated the project at a function held in Kochi on Saturday. Anoop Jacob, minister for food and civil supplies was the chief guest. \"Environment pollution should be dealt at its source, and we need to make use of natural ways to solve this issue,\" he said.Environment protection must be considered as a constitution, said MLA Hibi Eden. Fr Paul Thelekatt, Syro-Malabar church spokesperson was present at the function. Welfare services will promote the use of solar energy equipments, LED lamps and biogas plants to reduce pollution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13310244", "title": "Mahari dance festival organized", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: In a bid to keep the tradition of Mahari dance alive, Rupashree Kala Mandir of Puri on Friday organized the Third Shree Mandira Mahari Parampara here.\"The dance was being performed as a special service to Jagannath by the devdasis for centuries but it became obsolete with the abolition of the Devdasi system. The festival is to keep the dance form alive,\" said Mahari danseuse Rupashree Mohapatra.Her groups performed various compositions. Puspita Mishra and Gayatri Chand performed solo Odissi on the occasion. Besides, a seminar was organized on the Mahari dance tradition. Noted Odissi dancer Kumkum Mohanty and eminent vocalist Biswanath Pujapanda got lifetime achievement award while eminent social worker Rajkumar Jhunjhunwala and Odissi dancers Puspita Mishra and Gayatri Chand were also felicitated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "camp ebenezer (senapati)", "code": "13310104", "title": "Kuki National Front reiterates Kukiland demand on 25th anniversary", "text": "CAMP EBENEZER (SENAPATI): The Kuki National Front (KNF), a party to the ongoing Suspension of Operation (SOO) with the government, has reiterated its demand for a separate state Kukiland. The tripartite SOO agreement between the Centre, the state government and around 20 Kuki outfits including KNF was signed in August 2008.Addressing KNF's silver jubilee celebration at its headquarters in Sadar Hills, about 40km from Imphal , on Friday, the outfit's president ST Thangboi said: \"We do not demand any land that belongs to other communities. What we want is the land that has been under our occupation since time immemorial. The time has come for us to reassert ourselves after 25 years of our struggle for freedom from suppression, oppression, and subjugation. We are Indians and we want to live the life of a full-fledged and well protected citizen of our country,\" he said.Expounding the Kukis' contribution to the country's freedom movement, he said their forefathers fought the British imperialist during the Kuki Rebellion (1917-19). \"Kuki chiefs, warriors and innocent people sacrificed their lives to defend of their motherland The struggle died not end there and hundreds and thousands of Kukis joined the Indian National Army under the leadership of Subhas Chandra Bose,\" he said.Though the daring Kuki warriors sacrificed their lives for the cause of the Indian freedom struggle, yet, their names have never been acknowledged on any patriotic occasions, he lamented. \"On the contrary, our cause has been suppressed even after Independence,\" he said.With a view to secure a Constitutional provision, the Kuki National Assembly submitted a memorandum demanding Kukiland to late Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru in 1960. Subsequently, a number of memoranda have been submitted to the Centre but no meaningful dialogue for an amicable settlement has been initiated, he said. \"After years of disappointment, the KNF, the first Kuki revolutionary movement, which was founded on May 18, 1987, under the leadership of Pu Nehlun Kipgen, resorted to taking up arms in pursuit of Kukiland within the framework of the Constitution of India,\" he added.Thangboi, honoured with the 'Bharat Excellence Award' on the occasion, hoped that the Kukis' problems would be resolved with the signing of the SOO agreement with the Centre and the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13308350", "title": "Charminar CCTVs on the blink", "text": "HYDERABAD: When security concerns are weighing heavily on everybody's mind, it is shocking to find out that closed circuit cameras installed in Charminar have not been functioning for six months.The 400 year-old monument is visited by more than 3,500 people, including foreigners, everyday. Seven security guards along with some Archeological Survey of India employees work here during the day. Sensing the need for greater security, four CC cameras were installed in March last year. One camera each was put up on the eastern and western pillars of the monument for external monitoring. These cameras provide 180 degree view. One camera was installed directly above the fountain at the centre of the monument for internal monitoring. The fourth camera can be spotted immediately on entering the monument.Sources say that nine cameras were proposed at the monument to also cover the top floors but only four were sanctioned. It was learnt that the Charminar police had sought feeds from the cameras on a couple of instances in the past but they were told that the cameras are not functioning. When a woman had self immolated on Monday in front of the monument the police asked for feed again but they were given the same answer.A Charminar traffic police station official said that the ASI authorities had objected to placement of cameras on the monument in 2007 soon after the bomb blast at the nearby Mecca Masjid. \"Placement of camera on the monument gives the best view owing to the height of the structure. We were first allowed to put up the cameras on the structure but later the ASI asked us to remove them saying that they are harmful to the monument. We had to shift them to other locations around Charminar,\" said the official. The same ASI officials found prudence in installing the cameras last year, the official said.A Charminar ASI official conceded that the cameras have not been functioning for six months. \"We have written to ASI headquarters requesting for repairs. When the state approved firm in Bangalore inspected the cameras we were told that repairs were required to only one component which stopped all the cameras from functioning. We are still waiting for them to fix the problem,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13313663", "title": "Northeast states to witness solar eclipse tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: Astro-enthusiasts in the North-East states of the country are in for a celestial treat on Monday as they will witness the first solar eclipse of this year.An annular solar eclipse will take place on Monday which can be seen from the region covering China, most of Russia, South East Asia, the Philippines, Indonesia, Hawaii, Arctic regions and North America except the easternmost part, President of Planetary Society of India N Raghunandan said.The eclipse will, however, be visible (as partial eclipse) from North-East states for a very short duration after sunrise, he said.Most of the North-East states, where sun will rise around/after 4.41am, will witness this celestial phenomenon for few minutes only.This is because the eclipse will not be visible beyond 4.52am from the country, which lies in broader penumbral path of Moon's shadow (away from Central/Umbra path) resulting in partial solar eclipse.Some of the places that lie near the periphery of the Moon shadow and which can see a glimpse of the eclipse are west-end of Sikkim, Darjeeling, Cooch Behar, Agartala, Shillong, Saidpur and Bogra, Professor (retired) R C Kapoor of Indian Institute of Astrophysics said.The best place to view the eclipse is the north-easternmost corner in Arunachal Pradesh, he said.The eclipse begins at 2.26am (IST) and ends at 8.19am(IST). The maximum phase of eclipse will be at 05.23am when the eclipse magnitude reaches 0.945.A solar eclipse occurs when the moon passes between the earth and the sun, thereby totally or partially obscuring the earth's view of the sun, while an annular eclipse occurs when the moon is farther from the earth than normal, and hence its apparent size is not quite sufficient to cover the sun completely.In annular solar eclipse, the sun appears as a very bright annulus, which in Latin means 'ring', surrounding the outline of the moon, giving the appearance of a 'Ring of fire'.The last annular eclipse, which was visible from India, happened on January 15, 2010. The next solar eclipse, which will be a total solar eclipse, shall occur on November 13 this year.Only properly designed and certified solar filters or goggles should be used to view the annular solar eclipse, Kapoor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13308674", "title": "ISCE results: NCR topper harbours IAS dream", "text": "GURGAON: City girl Nidhi Singh feels on top of the world. And she has every reason to feel so: she has topped NCR in Class XII (Commerce) ISC exam with 97.75% aggregate.What's more, this is the second time she has done her school proud. She had topped her school in Class X board exam, too. When TOI spoke to the Scottish High International School student, she said she worked hard for her grades but didn't expect to top NCR. \"My parents and I are surprised, but my brother, Eshaan, always believed I would top.\"My teachers always encouraged me and my friends egged me on to give my best. I am very happy that my hard work has paid rich dividends.\"I did not follow any time table earlier; but eventually, I had to follow a routine. My bed timings were constant, though: I would go to bed early and wake up early, around 6.30am. I never burnt the night oil, but I studied for at least eight hours in a day. And yes, I took regular breaks.\"I believe one has to be consistent with whatever one does; if you are studying, focus only on that, if you are having fun, have a lot of fun,\" the 18-year-old told TOI.Nidhi lives with her family in Sector 57. And she says she draws her strength from her family, friends and teachers. Her father, Col (retd) Ranbeer Singh, said, \"She is a responsible and independent child. We never pressured her for anything. We kept on encouraging and motivating her. She has set her priorities in life and I believe she would go a long way.\"Nidhi said her mother, Anupama Singh, offered her tips to write a neat paper and also took care of her diet and overall health. Now she wishes to pursue BCom in Delhi University and later take a shot at the UPSC Civil Services Exam.\"I gave my best and achieved this rare honour. Now, I want to bring about a change in public administration of the city. I don't see myself as a corporate woman; IAS is what interests me the most. Everything is possible if you give your best shot,\" she said. Nidhi is a dancer and regularly participates in inter-school debating contests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13309504", "title": "Man's body found near expressway", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Residents near Ahmedabad-Vadodara expressway found body of a man thrown at a barren land at Kharikat canal on Friday night. Police have registered a case of murder and have started investigation to establish the identity of the deceased.According to Ramol police, the man in his late thirties, was wearing a checkered shirt and black trousers and had suffered head injury. The body was sent for post-mortem examination.C L Solanki, inspector of Ramol police station, said that the primary report suggested that the man might have been murdered two days back as the decomposition had already started. \"He seems to have come from outside the state and might be working in industrial areas or GIDC near the spot. It is apparent that the body had been thrown at the place after the murder as we have not found any blood marks or stains from the spot,\" he said.\"As the spot is very near to the expressway, it is possible that the assailants tried to keep police busy for a few days by dumping the body as far as possible from the actual crime spot. We have thus intimated nearby district police as well to know if there is any man reported missing matching the description,\" said a Ramol police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "gwalior", "code": "13314201", "title": "IPL is a good format: Scindia", "text": "GWALIOR: Union minister and Madhya Pradesh Cricket Association president, Jyotiraditya Scindia , has defended the IPL format despite the recent controversies.\"IPL is a good format in which famous players of the country as well as foreign nations are playing. Through it, a lot of talented players were able to prove their mettle and the game should be taken in a sporting spirit,\" Scindia told reporters on Saturday.To a question, he admitted that some irregularities and controversies came to be associated with the IPL, but added that BCCI took action in every case.He refused to comment on the recent Shah Rukh Khan controversy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13310311", "title": "Odisha plans poster blitz against Red rampage", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government has decided to launch an aggressive publicity blitz through distribution of brochures, posters and other anti-extremism materials to counter Maoist propaganda in different parts of the state, official sources said. The government is also readying publicity material highlighting its recently revised surrender and rehabilitation policy for Maoists.With a photograph of Mahatma Gandhi , known as an apostle of peace, one of the brochures reads: \"Ama Sahita Misaa Swara, Hinsa Chadi Ahimsa Dhara (Come join your voice with us, give up violence and embrace non-violence).\" Another message says: \"Asa Hinsa Chadi Mukhyasrotare Misiba O Shantire Banchiba (Give up violence, join the mainstream and live in peace).\"The brochures and other publicity material, which also carry photos of Utkalmani Gopabandhu and legendary tribal leader and freedom fighter Birsa Munda, highlight violent acts perpetrated by Maoists, including those by Red rebels from neighbouring Andhra Pradesh and Chhattisgarh , and also photos of schools, panchayat buildings and telephone towers exploded by the extremists. The government's publicity materials also tell about \"false\" promises made by Maoists to their recruits and alleged sexual exploitation by the Red outlaws.Sources said the government has prepared the anti-Maoist publicity material to offset the ultras' propaganda in districts like Koraput, Rayagada, Malkangiri, Gajapati, Kandhamal and Sundargarh. \"The battle against Maoists has to be fought at different levels. Field operations by security personnel are essential, but not enough. We have to also adopt a counter propaganda war against the radicals so that the people get educated about the dangers of Maoists activities and also highlight the government policies,\" a senior police officer said.The counter propaganda move comes in the wake of intensification security operations in extremist-dominated areas after the release of Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka and Italian citizens Claudio Colangelo and Bosusco Paolo from rebels' captivity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "merces", "code": "13309620", "title": "Merces locals lead the way in waste collection", "text": "MERCES: With the aim of making Merces free of garbage strewn around in public places, especially plastic, a local group Merces Vigilant Citizens' Association (MVCA) has launched an extensive collection drive in the area. The association has managed to cover 75% of the village in the last three months and now hopes other villages follow their model of garbage collection to rid Goa of the garbage problem.\"In the last three months, nearly 75% of the village has been covered by our drive. We intend to cover the rest of the village before the onset of the monsoons. I would like to extend this drive to other neighboring villages as well so they can also benefit from the initiative,\" Jose Carmino Joao, MVCA president, said.As part of the drive, MVCA is also trying to create awareness among the villagers about environmental and health hazards caused by burning of plastic waste. \"The truckloads of dry waste including plastic, glass, cloth, rubber etc collected by us will be later taken away by the Good Earth Waste Management Enterprises headed by Rajesh Timble for recycling. Some scrap dealers will be handed over the other metal waste which they can give for recycling. Milroc Builders has built and donated the dry waste collection unit to us,\" Joao said.He informed that the collection of dry waste is carried out by MVCA members and volunteers in a rickshaw with the help of three labourers. \"The waste is deposited at the plant, segregated there and sorted and packed in sacks.\"Joao said.Alda Monteiro, a member of the MVCA said, \"The MVCA has been motivated into this drive by Merces resident Sanjay Ghatwal of the Urvi Piramal Trust which has successfully managed the wet waste problem at Verem.\"The MVCA meets every Monday to discuss and get feedback from the villagers on the drive and they collect garbage strewn on the roadside every Sunday. Monteiro said, \"Garbage travels when people from other places travel and dump their household waste along roadsides, which causes the problem.\"Joao said, \"We hope that Merces becomes a plastic-free village in the near future and other villages follow our example.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13309053", "title": "Biapasha Basu woos city's women", "text": "LUDHIANA: The leading businesswomen of the city had a gala Saturday at the launch of a multi-designer boutique, which was attended by Bollywood actor Biapasha Basu. Among the who's who were Rajni Bector of Cremica Foods, Mridula Jain of Shingura Textiles Limited and event organizer Divya Dhanda. Various models walked the ramp.Rajni said the city is fashion conscious and welcomes new trends. Mridula, said the store will make Ludhianvis' life easier as they wouldn't have to travel to Delhi to buy designer clothes.Bipasha, dressed in a white suit, said, ''I have been to Ludhiana in past too. The city is fashion loving as is evident from the numerous malls coming up here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13308262", "title": "Bid to blow up railway bridge foiled", "text": "HYDERABAD: A major disaster was averted after police defused five high-intensity gelatin sticks planted at a rail underpass at a secluded location in Tellapur in Medak district on Saturday. Police suspect the hand of Maoists in this conspiracy.Government Railway Police (GRP) officers said the gelatin sticks were noticed by railway gangmen who immediately alerted the police. Trains passing though this route were suspended for nearly an hour.Police swung into action by pressing a bomb disposal and dog squad into service. M Kantha Rao, superintendent of police, GRP, Secunderabad, said 400 grams of ammonium nitrate was packed into the gelatin sticks.\"Actually, the culprits made an attempt to light the fuse. It was found to be partially burnt. They must have abandoned the plan later,\" Kantha Rao said.The conspirators might have deliberately chosen a secluded spot hoping that no one would locate the gelatin sticks. Many trains heading to Mumbai pass through this route.Police said that the gelatin sticks might have been planted by Maoists or their sympathizers a few days ago in view of the May 16 bandh call, but might have changed their plan.\"It would have been a major blow had the gelatin sticks exploded. An inquiry is on to find out the source of the gelatin sticks,\" police said.Police registered a case under the Fire Arms Act. The recovered ammunition and cables would be sent to forensic laboratory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13309496", "title": "Security guard killed, roommate is a suspect", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 35-year-old security guard was killed by fellow roommate with multiple stabs near Mansi Circle early on Saturday morning. Police have started search for the accused.According to Vastrapur police officials, Pradeep Kumar Rajput (Sharma) was working as security guard at Millennium Plaza near Mansi Circle for the past one year. A native of Uttar Pradesh, he was living with two other guards at a security cabin near the main building.\"On Saturday morning, the security supervisor Bachubhai Barot, 63, a resident of CTM, got a call at 5.30 am informing him about Rajput's murder as his body was lying outside the cabin. He rushed to the spot and also informed police about the incident. When we reached the spot, Rajput was found dead with seven stabs on his neck and chest. The doorway and area outside the cabin was smeared in blood,\" said M R Sharma, inspector of Vastrapur police station.Sharma said that the prime suspect is Vinaykant Kushwaha. \"He is brother of fellow security guard Abhishek and was living with the group. As per Barot's statement, Kushwaha had accused Rajput of stealing his mobile phone. Rajput had denied it repeatedly but Kushwaha was not convinced. We believe that the murder took place after a violent scuffle late on Friday night. We have sought details of Abhishek and Vinaykant and have started search for them,\" he said.Kushwaha was working at an art shop in the same building, said investigators. He had not reported for duty for the past four days, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13318322", "title": "Man arrested for sexually abusing daughter", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police today arrested a 40-year old man for allegedly sexually abusing his daughter for the past three years.The police said that the accused Harishankar Patva who stayed in a slum in suburban Mumbai along with his wife, three daughters including the 18-year old victim and a son, molested the victim at knife point many times over the last three years.When the victim told her mother about it, Patva threatened her as well.Patva was today arrested on the charges of outraging modesty of woman and criminal intimidation. The incident came to light when the neighbours asked the victim to approach the police.Patva will be produced in court tomorrow, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "13309629", "title": "Central Tibetan Administration to review Dalai Lama's security", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: After threat perception disclosed by the Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama, security department of the exiled Tibetan government will review security arrangements while the Tibetan cabinet has also called a meeting on Sunday for the same.Ngodup Dorjee, secretary of the department of security, has said that they will review security of the Dalai Lama; however he added that threat from China was not new. He also told that the India government had also been approached for upgrading security of the spiritual leader. While sources maintained that the proposal to install a chemical detector in the Dalai Lama's complex has also been prepared by the Indian security agencies.Dalai Lama's security is reviewed in every three years on a routine basis. He is presently on a five-nation tour and had recently made a statement about threat from China, stating that Chinese were training Tibetan women to poison him. China contradicted the statement saying that if Beijing wanted to eliminate the Dalai Lama, they could have done it years back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13314078", "title": "I love being bubbly on-screen as well: Sanusha", "text": "It's not any serious or glamorous roles that attract actress Sanusha. The 18-year-old actress says, \"I love essaying characters that's a reflection of me. I love to make others laugh and be happy.\"As luck would have it, Sanusha dons a similar role in her next flick, K S Bava's directorial debut Idiots opposite Asif Ali. Apart from bubbly characters, she would also like to take up action-oriented roles. After Mr Marumakan with Dileep , Idiots will be Sanusha's second Mollywood venture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13310039", "title": "Students attack party offices demanding justice for Richard Loitam", "text": "IMPHAL: Intensifying the ongoing stir demanding justice for Richard and Laaba's deaths, a large number of students damaged the BJP office at Imphal and made an abortive attempt to vandalize other offices on Saturday.Forensic doctors at Victoria Hospital, who conducted the post mortem on Richard's body, said that he died of cardiac arrest owing to a heart disease, which may have been hereditary.Alleging that the report was forged, the students demanded a CBI probe into the case. Over 15 student leaders were arrested by police when they attempted to damage the Congress and CPI offices after smashing the window panes and damaging the banners of the BJP office.Manipur unit BJP president Sh Shantikumar Sharma, while condemning the students' action, said the party has been trying to bring justice for Richard in both of the houses of parliament. Shantikumar said he would air dash to Karnataka to pressurize the BJP government to do the needful to bring justice for Richard, including handing over the case to CBI.Richard (19) was found dead on his hostel bed on April 18. He was allegedly beaten up severely by his seniors inside the hostel of Acharya NRV School of Architecture in Bangalore the previous night.A BCA student in the Hindustan College of Arts and Science, Kelambakkam, Chennai, Okram Laaba (20) too was found dead in his hostel room with his face covered with a polythene bag on June 23 last year.Meanwhile, a large number of Gorkahlis staged a rally at Kanglatongbi area along NH-39 demanding justice for a local girl on Saturday.A16-year-old girl, Pushpa Basnet of Tispari Nepali Basti was found death at a foothill in Leikinthabi in Imphal west district on Friday evening. The irate locals, who formed a Joint Action Committee (JAC) against the incident, accused the deceased's boyfriend Kh Ingo for her death. They staged a blockade along the highway at different points at Kanglatongbi injuring at least six persons. The police fired teargas canisters to disperse the irate agitators.Sources said no sign of rape or murder was found on the victim and it is believed that she took poison to end her life. Incidentally, her boyfriend is undergoing treatment for consuming toxic substances.The JAC's roadblock was suspended from Saturday morning after the government assured to find out the veracity of the incident within three days and do the needful, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13308875", "title": "Low turnout at Delhi Jal Board billing camps", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first day of Delhi Jal Board's camps on bill-related grievances saw an extremely low turnout. The public notice announcing the dates and locations of these camps, organized at 30 places across the city, was released on Saturday morning, hours before they were to be held and no time and, in some cases, addresses were given.Kailash Katyal, president of the federation of RWAs in Mayur Vihar Phase I, said that though one camp was organized at the Pocket I RWA office, residents got to know of the venue by chance on the previous evening. \"If it was not for the public notice, we would have never known that our office was the venue for Mayur Vihar Phase I. Secondly, the notice came out on Saturday morning and barely anyone was aware of these camps. We had to call up people. Even then only about 12 people came,\" said Katyal.A resident of Malviya Nagar also complained that DJB had not specified the location of their camp or of several others in south Delhi. \"We presumed that they would be at the zonal revenue offices but they were being held elsewhere. It was chaotic,\" said A Bhatia, a resident.The zonal officers were equally hassled, having being informed about the camps only on May 16, and with their numbers published in the notice, their phones kept ringing through the morning. \"Most of our officials are also here and, hence, there is nobody at the main office because of which others are having problems. However, things would be better organized for the subsequent ones,\" said an official.Senior officials also said that if there were such large-scale complaints about the first set of camps, these would be organized again.Taking advantage of the first-of-its-kind interaction with DJB, residents turned up with all sorts of complaints, including those of meter installation, change in names and addresses and fast-running meters. At Mayur Vihar, some complaints were attended to immediately. Other complaints, DJB officials said, would be tackled by Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13309954", "title": "Free meal project to be revamped", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In a move that will benefit patients of Kozhikode Medical College Hospital (KMCH), the Kerala State Social Security Mission has decided to take over the project to provide free mid-day meal to patients at the hospital from the Kozhikode Corporation.The move comes in the wake of contractors demanding a hike in fund allocation from Rs 8.50 to Rs 12 per person. Though the civic body had agreed to their demands, it received no response when the tenders were invited.The mission now plans to prepare food at the unused state-of-the-art base kitchen at the KMCH and distribute it at the hospital canteen itself. It is likely Kudumbasree workers will be roped in to cook food in the kitchen.Currently the contractors distribute food brought from outside the canteen to over 2,000 patients every day.The mission is also planning to provide free mid-day meal at the two sub centres -- Kozhikode Beach General Hospital and Kottapparamba Women and Child Hospital.Dr Idrees Velikkalagath, northern regional director, Kerala State Social Security Mission, said the aim to cover at least 4,000 people in the scheme.\"Steps will be taken to strengthen the corporation level society headed by mayor A K Premajam that has been monitoring the implementation of the scheme at the KMCH,'' said Idrees.The mission launched the project in 2008, January 26 with an estimated sum of Rs 65 crore.The then state government had asked the civic body to collect fund for the project from voluntary organizations, civic and local bodies and contributions of individuals for the project.The project that was planned to expand to eight centres in the city failed to take off due to fund shortage.Meanwhile, the mayor said that if Kudumbasree members prepare the food then it will provide a permanent income for them.\"This will be part of the discussions to be held with the mission,'' said the mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13310746", "title": "Custodial death: Rangpur police sub-inspector goes underground", "text": "VADODARA: Police sub-inspector (PSI) of Rangpur police station in Chhota Udepur taluka is on the run after an offence of murder was registered against him. The officer was suspended on Friday after a tribal youth committed suicide inside the police station during questioning on Thursday.The youth's family had alleged that Vipul Rathwa, 20, was beaten to death by PSI Siddharthraj Anand during interrogation. Anand was suspended on Friday, a judicial inquiry was sought in the matter and an offence was registered against him and two other policemen.Vipul was a suspect in the murder of Sugri Rathwa, a resident of Khadkhad village. She was missing since May 6 and her body was later recovered from the riverbed near Tundava village. She had last talked with Vipul on her cell phone; hence he was being questioned.Rangpur police had said on Thursday that Vipul ran to a room in the police station and then hung himself with a piece of cloth in the morning. However, Vipul's uncle Raju Rathwa alleged that he was picked up three days ago and beaten to death by police.Sources said while the usual procedure followed by the police in such cases was that of waiting for the autopsy report before registering an offence, the murder offence in the present case was registered as it was snowballing into a major controversy. An officer added that it could have led to a law and order problem in the area.Meanwhile, Anand had left his residence along with his family. Sources said that his family had come to spend some time with him during the summer vacation. Anand was present on Thursday at the police station after the suicide case. But he was missing ever since the allegations of murder cropped up and tempers ran high in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13294952", "title": "Cannes calling for Manoj Tiwari", "text": "Actor and singer Manoj Tiwari's dream of making it big in Bollywood is finally being realised. His first song for a Hindi film, \"Bihar Ke Lala\" in Anurag Kashyap's \" Gangs of Wasseypur\" is creating quite a buzz.And now, the singer is all set to go to Cannes, along with the team of \"GOW\", for the screening of the film in the festival. \"I have been invited by Anurag to accompany the entire cast of the film since it is a moment of great pride. I had always wanted a great start in Bollywood and this film has given me that. Professionally, I feel, it is a good time for me since I have also recently recorded a song for Bappi Lahiri. But my big moment will be when I do a playback for Salman Khan . That is my ultimate dream. Jab bhi main Salmanbhai se mil ta hoon mein yeh unse kehna chahta hoon ,\" says the actor who was in Varanasi recently.However, Tiwari's Bollywood aspirations are not confined to singing. He even wants to try his acting skill here. About to start on his film on Veer Abdul Hameed in which he will act too, Tiwari says he has had talks with Anurag Kashyap and Dr Chandraprakash Dwivedi to direct this project. \"Both are in the running. Let's see ultimately who directs the film,\" says the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "13310099", "title": "Bodo team visits Assam-Meghalaya border", "text": "Kokrajhar: A five-member delegation of the Bodoland People's Front (BPF), led by its vice-president Hemendra Nath Brahma, visited Lower and Upper Lampi recently, a disputed area along Assam-Meghalaya border.The team was accompanied by BPF MLA Pradip Kumar Brahma, vice-presidents Md Baktar Ali Ahmed, Probin Boro and former president of BPF women's wing, Maloti Rani Narzary.The team met a cross-section of local people at Lower Lampi and studied the border dispute between the two states.The team also visited Upper Lampi to assess the situation, besides monitoring development activities in border areas.Brahma said they visited Lampi to study the border row where a vast area of Assam is occupied by the Khasi people of Meghalaya. He said the delegation will submit the report to BPF president Hagrama Mohilary, which will subsequently be sent to the state government. People of both states in the border areas are living under fear and insecurity, he said.Brahma accused the state government of not taking proper measures to settle the border issue.It is unfortunate that a vast part of Assam is being encroached upon by people of neighbouring Meghalaya, he said. The Meghalaya government is helping to set up educational institutions on Assam land, he added.Pointing out poor state of development projects in border areas, Brahma said road communication, key to economic development, has not improved in the area at all.Brahma also criticized the state and central government for not making available basic facilities to the people, adding the state government should bring in more development schemes to the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13308463", "title": "No point doing post-mortem straight away, says Ganguly", "text": "PUNE: A disappointed Pune Warriors captain Sourav Ganguly feels that \"post-mortem\" not needed immediately about his team's disastrous performance in the fifth edition of Indian Premier League.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | In Pics\"Any post-mortem that needs to be done should be done after some time. Right now, the boys need to get away from here and go back to their respective homes. It's very hard for them too. They have selected to win matches and that hasn't happened. It's a new franchise and things will only get better from here on. We need to look at a lot of things like team selections,\" an upset Ganguly said at the post-match presentation ceremony.About his future in the IPL, Ganguly said, \"I haven't thought about it.\" KKR skipper Gautam Gambhir said that they treated this match as a quarterfinal.\"We knew that this was a virtual quarterfinal for us. Now we would like to win the next two matches and win the tournament. Finishing in the top two gives us two chances to qualify for the final which is a good thing.\"Man-of-the-match Shakib Al Hasan was happier with the fact that he made a significant contribution with the bat.\"I had a good hit in the nets yesterday. I felt confident and the strip also suited my style of batting. It was like a wicket in Bangladesh.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh/ gurgaon", "code": "13308394", "title": "Give advance information on power outages: Minister", "text": "CHANDIGARH/ GURGAON: When it comes to power cuts, the Haryana government is all at sea - it does not know when and which of its power plants will stop producing, plunging many parts of the state, including 'Millennium City' Gurgaon, in darkness without any notice.As Gurgaon reels under unexpected power outages, Haryana's power minister, Captain Ajay Yadav, says that despite the practical problems involved in predicting outages in city and elsewhere, the department must make concerted efforts to streamline power cuts and help people with advance information.\"It is important, especially in a city like Gurgaon, to provide information about power outages in advance so that people can plan accordingly. We will try our best to do this,\" said Capt Yadav. However, experts said that production problems were not easy to predict.In March, a sudden breakdown of turbines led to two units at Yamunanagar - with capacity of 300MW each - and a unit of 600MW in Hisar to stop production. Again, in the last week of April, another breakdown in the Hisar plant led to a shortage of 600MW. Last week, the Panipat plant stopped functioning, causing a shortfall of about 110MW. At present, Haryana has three power plants, in Yamunanagar, Hisar and Panipat producing 3,160MW.\"Gurgaon will get uninterrupted power once the upcoming 660MW plant at Jhajjar is commissioned,\" Capt Yadav said.The state is expected to face a minimum shortage of around 288 lakh units daily on account of forced outage at these units till the end of June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13310917", "title": "Neyyattinkara byelection: 15 candidates in fray", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Battle lines have been drawn clear for Assembly by-election in Neyyattinkara constituency here with 15 candidates left in the fray on Saturday, the last date for withdrawal of nominations for the election scheduled to be held on June 2.Of the total 20 candidates filed nominations for the by-election, nominations of three of them were rejected by the state election commission on technical grounds and two others have withdrawn from the fray on their own.Both UDF candidate R Selveraj and LDF candidate F Lawrence will have to fight two name sake candidates each as the candidates left in the fray include independent candidates Selveraj, T Selveraj, T Lawrence and J Lawrence.Similarly, there is only one woman candidate in the fray and the election commission had received as many as 11 nominations on a single day on Wednesday. The symbols allotted to the candidates include 'Frock', 'Batsman', 'Gas Cylinder' and 'Slate'.While 82 year old BJP candidate O Rajagopal is the oldest candidates in the fight, independent candidate T Selveraj is the youngest in the fray. He is 36.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13309450", "title": "Mela shows Mamata Banerjee's personal touch", "text": "KOLKATA: As far as festivals go, this would surely be a unique one. 'Pragati Utsab', that kicked off at the Milan Mela grounds on Saturday afternoon, is by all means a distinctive way to mark a year in power by any government. But then, Mamata Banerjee is no ordinary Chief Minister.The two-hour-long inauguration of 'Utsav' saw Governor M K Narayanan joining Mamata and her ministers, MPs and MLAs, Bengal's top bureaucrats and a sprinkling of the city's consular corps to revel in the \"path-breaking achievements\" of the past year. The ceremony inside an air-cooled blue canopied enclosure got going with a dance recital of Tagore's 'Anandaloke' by school students, followed by the bard's famous 'Where the mind is without fear'.An Islamic invocation in Arabic by a young girl added to the inimitable character of the ceremony. Mamata, herself, it is learnt, asked for this to be included in the ceremony. But this wasn't the only detail that the Chief Minister attended to: officials said she personally chose the flowers that decked the dais and the azure-blue scarves that all guests were presented. She is also said to have gone over the seating and other arrangements with officials of the information &amp; cultural affairs department.The inaugural ceremony started with the national anthem played by a police band after Governor Narayanan entered the canopied enclosure a couple of minutes past 4 pm.Four giant TV screens in the enclosure displayed a smiling Mamata Banerjee greeting and chatting with guests. On the dais, she sat next to the Governor, who she gifted a shawl. Chief Secretary Samar Ghosh, in his welcome address, set the tenor of the 'Utsav' by touching on the achievements of the present government. Governor Narayanan, who spoke next, termed the event 'historic' and felt confident of the goal of a \"Sonar Bangla\" being achieved by the Mamata Banerjee government.Mamata's turn at the lectern was in itself impressive. She had her statistics ready and reeled them off without a pause. Not once did she falter or fumble for words. And, once again, she held out the hope for Bengal's rejuvenation, asking everyone to work together to restore the state to its former glory.Of the 62 government departments, 60 have set up stalls at the fair grounds to highlight their achievements over the past one year. And all the stalls, without exception, are attention-grabbers. Forget the drab statistics that adorn them, the booths themselves are design marvels. Planned very elegantly and innovatively, a stroll through the mela would be an eye-opener for any visitor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13308771", "title": "Don't blame IPL for off-field incidents: Rajeev Shukla", "text": "The match-fixing row, a superstar brawl and a molestation charge - off-the-field googlies are hitting the Indian Premier League brand pretty hard. But chairman of the IPL, Rajeev Shukla, says it's still the biggest brand that has grown each year since its inception. He tells Indranil Basu that all these controversies have not disturbed the integrity of the game.There are MPs who are in favour of banning IPL. How do you counter them? Those MPs are my friends and colleagues in Parliament and they have a right to their opinions. IPL remains the biggest Indian brand and will continue to grow in years to come.How do you counter the negativity surrounding the IPL? The match-fixing row, a brawl and now a molestation charge... IPL is a big show but these things are certainly disappointing. But we have taken every possible step to ensure that IPL is clean. We have been prompt in taking action. The 'sting operation' that happened was promptly dealt with and the governing council decided to ban the cricketers from taking part in IPL matches. In no time, we appointed a commissioner, who has already worked with ICC's anti-corruption unit, to address the allegations. He will take a step after talking to both the concerned parties. As far as the Wankhede brawl is concerned, BCCI president N Srinivsan will have the final say. He will take the version of the Mumbai Cricket Association and the franchisee before giving a final verdict.Regarding the molestation case, the police are doing their job. If the cricketer is found guilty, action will be taken. The incident was not connected with an official IPL party. In fact, there are no official IPL parties. And if a player gets into some ugly incident, you can't blame IPL. The league can't be held responsible for all the untoward incidents off the field. If some individual does something in his individual capacity, that too in a hotel room, IPL has nothing to do with it. It's a police case and we will wait for the police report. We also need to take the version of the cricketer before deciding his fate.Are you happy with the way IPL has gone so far? Of course, the quality of the game has been superb. We have several last-over finishes, the spectators are happy, the team owners are happy and even the sponsors are happy. Obviously, there are a few who are unhappy. I urge them not be vicious and support the game of cricket, which IPL is producing. It has a massive following and we should all acknowledge the stuff happening on the field. All the controversies that have happened are off-field events; let's not spoil the image of IPL because of such incidents.Have you spoken to Shahrukh Khan? I have spoken to him and taken his side of the version. As of now, I wouldn't like to comment anything more. Remember this brawl could have happened anywhere. But since the incident happened on the cricket field, that too after an IPL tie, it's been linked to the league.What about the fixing claims? If someone can come up with evidence, we will surely investigate the incident. But IPL-5 has been the most enthralling experience for everyone. Even the previous IPLs have been clean and there is no evidence to suggest anything negative. This year, the venues are jam-packed with fans, the viewership on TV and internet are growing every year. Even after reaching the fag end of the league phase, we don't know the exact line-up for the play-offs. Besides, ICC's anti-corruption unit is also officiating in the tournament.Do you think IPL is destroying the generation of Test cricketers? IPL bashing has become a fashion! Whatever goes wrong, IPL is there to be blamed. There was a time when only 15-20 cricketers used to get picked for India. Now with the help of IPL, we are able to see more than 200 Indian talents on the field. It's helping Indian cricket in several ways and will continue to boost the standard of the game.Some of the teams have suggested that there should be an auction for all domestic cricketers. What is your take on this? I am no one to decide that. The governing council will take such suggestions when the time comes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "here's a fact that would make the sunglass industry see red", "code": "13308764", "title": "Going Ra Ra over the sun", "text": "Here's a fact that would make the sunglass industry see red: sun-gazing is catching on in the city. Groups and individuals have recently been spotted in Chembur, Versova, Vashi and Juhu, making prolonged eye contact with the orb at sunrise for reasons other than testing the limits of retinal endurance. These individuals hold firm to the faith that the sun, being the ultimate source of energy, can directly transmit that energy to those eye-balling it. Some sunbathe, others sun-gaze.For those in the dark, sun-gazing or solar gazing is the practice of gazing at the sun at prescribed times of the day, preferably in the half hour before sunrise or just before complete sunset. Some veterans even gaze at high noon. Online reports on the subject locate the exercise in several ancient cultures, including Hindu, Buddhist, Aztec, Egyptian, Mayan and Native American.Closer to our place and time, recent interest in the practice has been revived by an individual called Manav Ji, whose devotees refer to him as Sun Guru. Manav Ji claims to have had his epiphany when he partook in a sun-gazing session organised by Sunyogi Sri Umashankar several years ago. \"There were a group of us gathered one hot April morning at around 8,\" he says, \"I had my first go at it, and I entered a sort of waking trance, only to emerge from it an hour and a half later. The others who had been attempting it had left by then.\" Manav Ji's only previous encounters with the sun were when he looked up to it while flying kites on the roof of his Ahmedabad house.\"It's a scientifically proven lie that staring at the sun can damage your eyes,\" the 36-year-old propounds. \"If anything, your eyesight actually improves. The sun channels the vital fire element directly into our body. It provides us with all required nutrients, not just Vitamin D. However, idly eyeing the sun will bring no benefit. One has to be self-aware, and know the correct technique-which is, not to gaze at it with the retina but rolling the eyeballs up, so that it's the sclera-the white of the eyes-that absorb the energy.\"The Sun Guru's evangelising has turned several minds around to the pursuit of the sun. Sabita Rajendran, a resident of Vashi in her late 20s, says she was unaccustomed to viewing the sun with benignity. \"Now I sun-gaze three times a week,\" she says. \"I've become more attuned to things around me and feel energised even at the end of day.\" Parag Shah, a businessman and new recruit, who participated in the Sun Guru's three-day sun-gazing workshop in Juhu last December, vouches for the practice. He says he feels more vibrant and energised with a more positive outlook on life.Most ophthalmologists will contend that eye exposure to the sun for several minutes can irreparably damage vision. \"The ill effects of prolonged sun-gazing have been well documented scientifically,\" says Dr S Natarajan, chairman and managing director at the Aditya Jyot Eye Hospital, and editor of the Indian Journal of Ophthalmology. \"It can cause or accelerate ARMD (Age Related Macular Degeneration), cataract, tear film changes, pterygium (an abnormal triangular mass of thickened conjunctiva that can interfere with vision), and can result in solar retinopathy (ranging from mild macular changes to even a full thickness macular hole).\"But a survey of the Internet throws up a range of reports (mostly mystic) that argue for and against sun-gazing. One of the more ratiocinative blogs, is written by a man called Vinny Pinto (sungazing.vpinf.com), who begins with the caveat that he does not actively advocate sun-gazing, but the scientific references and research he presents (which are rather comprehensive) are meant to enlighten anyone interested in the subject or to guide those who have been incited by their spirit to sun-gaze. Pinto, a sun-gazer himself, warns against some of the claims made by self-styled sun experts, which range from complete healing of all emotional mental and physical ills to the achievement of spectacular supernatural powers and even immortality.Pinto also cites an astronomer-academic called Andrew Young, who in his report (mintaka.sdsu.edu/GF/vision/Galileo.html), cites evidence to suggest that the main damage to the eye (when it occurs), through sun-gazing is mainly photochemical, not thermal, and near infra-red solar radiation makes only a negligible contribution to retinal damage. Also, unprotected sun-gazing during an eclipse is likely to do more eye damage than gazing in normal conditions.\"Sun-gazing has its benefits when done with intent and focus,\" says Shiv Kumar Mishra, a yogi. It's analogous, he says, to taking a morning constitutional for reasons of health and walking to, say, catch a bus. \"But the benefits depend on one's age, diet and status of mind and body.\" There are different methods of sun-gazing, Mishra continues, staring at the sun, blinking at it, and with closed eyes. \"Our lifestyle today has rendered us short-sighted; our vision is restricted to what's immediately in front of is on our computer screens, TVs, cell phones and so on. Sun-gazing compels us to expand our line of sight.\" Don't however call this 'sun yoga', he warns, there's no such thing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13309303", "title": "ICSE topper at 97.3%", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The 10 ICSE-affiliated schools in the Tricity announced the result for classes X and XII on Saturday. Vishal Rana of Class X in St Stephen's School in Sector 45 was declared the Tricity topper and scored 97.3% marks in all seven subjects.Bhavya Mudgil, who studies in Little Flower Covent school, Sector 14, Panchkula, got the second position while Aneetinder Kaur from St Xavier's School in Mohali bagged the third position with 96.8% marks.Class-XII student Manav Goyal of Yadavindra Public School, Mohali, topped the commerce stream with 94.5% score followed by Mallika Chahal of the same school who got 94.2% marks. Simran Kaur from St Xavier's Senior Secondary School in Sector 44 stood third in the Tricity with 93.75% marks.Tavleen Kaur from St Xavier's Senior Secondary School topped the medical stream with a score of 91.50%, followed by Itee Sharma and Gagandeep Singh at second and third positions respectively.Non-medical field saw Loveleen Kaur of St Xavier's with 93.75% marks at the top, followed by Khushboo Mehra of Yadvindra Public School who got 92.2%, and Karanpreet Singh attained 90.50% score.In the subject of humanities, Mannat Dhaliwal of Yadvindra Public School got 89% marks.1,32,282 students from 1,706 schools appeared in India and abroad for the Class-X exam. 72,380 boys cleared the exam and the number of girls was 58,070. The pass percentage was up by 0.01% as compared to 2011. In the Class-XII exams, 59,356 students from 805 schools appeared. Of 32,861 boys, 31,665 cleared the exam while out of 26,495 girls, 26,057 were successful.The mark sheets will reach the schools by May 22. According to information, Madhavi Singh of Carmel School in Dhanbad and Shalaka Kulkarni of Sulochana Devi Singhania School in Thane topped the ICSE class-X examinations with 98.80% marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "sivaganga", "code": "13314485", "title": "Chidambaram rejects Jayalalithaa's charge of discrimination", "text": "SIVAGANGA: Union home minister P Chidambaram has rejected Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa's charge that the Centre meted out step-motherly treatment to the state in allocation of funds, saying the UPA Government never discriminated against any state.\"There is no discrimination against any state government including Tamil Nadu. The Centre allocated Rs 36,858 crore to the state during 2005-10 under various heads. The allocation during 2010-15 would be Rs 83,433 crore,\" he said listing out various schemes being implemented with central funding.Jayalalithaa had on April 24 charged in the assembly that the Centre of meting out step-motherly treatment to the state in allocating funds as it \"seems to think that Tamil Nadu should not be allowed to flourish as she will grow into a major force if all her demands are met with.\"Addressing a public meeting organised by local Congress unit in his native district here, Chidambaram also said freebies alone would not help Tamil Nadu to emerge as a top state and stressed on all-round development with a farsighted approach especially in infrastrcutre sector.\"Distribution of freebies to people is alone cannot help the state become No 1 Infrastructure development such as good roads, electricity projects and creation of ports should be taken up with a farsighted approach,\" he said.The Minister, however, said he was not against welfare measures under which freebies were given to poor people.Describing the Right to Education Act enacted by the UPA Government as a 'revolution of the era', he said it provided for reservation of seats in private schools to students from deprived sections.He asked the state government to expedite commissioning of the Sivaganga medical college, announced by the DMK Government in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13309701", "title": "Farmers can avail of interest-free loans", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda on Saturday said the state government is offering interest-free loans to small and marginal farmers so as to prevent them from falling into a debt trap.\"Earlier, the loans were advanced at the rate of 3%, thereafter at 1%. Now, they are available interest-free up to Rs 1 lakh. Around 15 lakh small and marginal farmers will benefit from this scheme,\" he said, while inaugurating the two-day national workshop on rural agricultural experience programme of studies of agricultural universities at the UAS.He also stated that the state government had sent 841 farmers to China and 191 farmers to Israel at a cumulative expenditure of Rs 8 crore to study agricultural practices adopted there.Foodgrain production unaffectedThe chief minister said the drought situation did not affect agricultural production in the state and in 2010-11, foodgrain production has reached 140 lakh tonne.Later, Gowda told reporters that the central team which had come to the state had responded positively to the request submitted by the state government. 'We have requested the central government for Rs 6,000 crore drought relief package. The central team has responded positively to our request,\" he said.The chief minister also said there is no need for ministers to be present when such study teams visit. \"It is not proper for ministers to accompany the team and put pressure on them. The officials of the state can better assist the team. The study team, after assessing the loss, will meet the chief minister and hold discussions. There is no need to make this a controversy,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13309741", "title": "Maoist leader held but his wife gives cops the slip", "text": "CHENNAI: Hardly 10 days after the Centre warned of Maoists spreading their network to Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Kerala, the 'Q' branch of the state police on Saturday arrested a suspected Maoist from Shenoy Nagar in the city.Police sources said Vivek alias Kumar (29) is the state secretary of the banned CPI Maoist. His wife, Padma, however, managed to escape. Vivek, who was arrested by a special team headed by 'Q' branch superintendent Sampath Kumar from an apartment in Shenoy Nagar, is being taken to Periyakulam in Theni, where a warrant has been put out against him, police said.Vivek, who hails from Dindigul district, was providing arms training to Maoists in the forest areas of Periyakulam when they were surrounded in 2007, police said. In the encounter that followed, some suspected Maoists were killed, but Vivek managed to escape. There has been a lookout notice for him since then.Vivek, a diploma holder in technical engineering and an expert in arms, had shifted base to north India, sources said. Recently, he moved to Chennai in a bid to expand the Maoist base in southern Tamil Nadu, but was arrested on Saturday.Cops probe arrested Maoist's plansWe suspect he came to survey the area which Maoists usually do before setting up a base. They make sure they garner support from the people and there is no police presence,\" said an officer.A probe is on to know about his specific assignment in Chennai. \"We are probing the purpose of his visit to Chennai city and whether he was having any specific plans,\" he said. He was active in Krishnagiri in 2004 where he met and married Padma, a comrade, sources said. The arrest comes close on the heels of the abduction and release by Maoists of Alex Paul Menon, collector of Sukma district in Chhattisgarh.Union minister of state for home affairs, Jitendra Singh, told Rajya Sabha on May 9 that Maoists were making forays into Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu under the supervision of its south west regional bureau and were planning to link up the Western Ghats to the Eastern Ghats through these states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13308729", "title": "Constable\u2019s death: Cops claim leads", "text": "NEW DELHI: Twenty-four hours after the murder of constable Naresh Kumar Verma in the Bharat Nagar area of northwest Delhi, cops claimed to have leads in the case.\"We have intelligence inputs on the murder,'' said DCP (northwest) Meenu Chaudhry. Police said they have set up four teams to crack the case.They said they have human intelligence that would help them nab the culprits. Verma, 42, an ex-serviceman, was run over by a mini-truck with eight-nine persons in it, in the early hours of Friday.He was trying to stop the vehicle at a police barricade after it was alleged that those in the vehicle were involved in an altercation with some people at a marriage hall.It was also alleged that the miscreants had pelted people with stones at the venue of the wedding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13313003", "title": "One-year rural posting made mandatory for MBBS students", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aspiring doctors will have to spend a year working in rural areas before getting their MBBS degrees, as the government has decided to make rural posting compulsory for them.In a letter to the Medical Council of India (MCI), the Health Ministry has asked its Board of Governors to make rural posting for doctors mandatory and include it in the MBBS course curriculum.Health Minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said doctors will be attached with the Ministry's flagship National Rural Health Mission during the year-long rural posting which will also help improve health care services in villages.Once this proposal becomes part of MBBS curriculum, a medical student, after completing 4.5 years of study and thereafter the hospital internship, will have to undergo a mandatory year-long house job in the form of a rural posting before getting the MBBS degree. Till then, the degree would be provisional.Chairman of MCI Board of Governors K K Talwar told PTI that the one-year compulsory rural posting for doctors is in the offing and modalities in this respect are being worked out. The posting would be made mandatory in a designated rural area.\"We are working on this. A mechanism is being evolved in this regard. An expert committee is looking into this and will recommend modalities in its meeting soon, after which the details worked out will be sent to the Health Ministry for its approval,\" Talwar said.Sources say the government is working to do away with the compulsory three-month rural posting during the year-long MBBS internship and the same will be made part of the one-year rural house job with an NRHM facility henceforth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13310291", "title": "Self-study key to success, say ICSE and ISC toppers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Self-study is the success mantra for ICSE and ISC toppers. After the class X &amp; XII results were declared on Saturday, TOI spoke to some top rankers in the city who denied having taken tuitions or going to coaching institutes. \"I have always preferred studying on my own. I everyday revised whatever was taught in the school so that nothing remains pending. Going to coaching is a wastage of time,'' said Shikar Brajesh, a CMS student who has secured 97.7% in class XII.Another class XII topper, Vaibhav Agarwal, said, \"Determination and consistency are the key to success. I had taken the help of model papers instead of coaching centres to prepare for the boards.''tnnHe added that a student should always finish the difficult subjects first and then switch to easier ones.Class X topper Parul Srivastava too doesn't believe in taking tuitions. \"If one plans and spends time judiciously, there is no need for taking tuitions. My parents are best guides,'' said Parul. Parul's opinion was seconded by Mrigank Patel, a class X student. \"I think the best thing during board examinations is self belief.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13308192", "title": "Hyderabad students shine in ICSE, ISC examinations", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hyderabad students have come out with flying colours in their ICSE (Std X) and ISC (Std XII) examinations, the results for which were released on Saturday. Several schools in the city have achieved a 100% success rate for both Class X and XII students with the top-scores ranging between 90% to 97%.Students of the 2012 batch class X have been found to have performed better than their seniors, the 2011 batch. The class XII results, however, have witnessed a dip in scores with most frontrunners securing just a little higher than 90% in the commerce and science streams.Some of the class X city toppers are LY Sruthi, a student of Johnson Grammar School who secured 97.8% marks and Sarojini Vasireddy from Geetanjali School, Begumpet with a score of 97.1%. Bibi Rabiya from International School, Tolichowki secured 96.8% and, close on her heels was P Vasista, another student from Geetanjali School, Begumpet, with 96.5% marks.Other students from the city who secured top marks in class X include Syeda Amena Razvi with 96.3% and Sharon Michelle Rogers from St Ann's School ISC, Secunderabad who secured 95.7% marks. In ISC commerce, city students securing handsome marks include Amulya Chittalkar from St Ann's School ISC, Secunderabad, with 95.8% marks, Aishwarya Holani from Nasr School, Khairatabad who scored 95.2% and Nyari Sharma from St Joseph's Public School with 95%.In science, Noumika Balaji from St Ann's scored 93% while Pranjal Rawat achieved 91.2% marks. There are a total 33 ICSE schools in the city with 12-odd being ones which also offer the higher-secondary ISC.\"I tried to understand the concepts in textbooks instead of just mugging up notes. This helped me score well since I was relaxed during the exams. There was no fear of forgetting what I had learnt,\" said LY Sruthi.Students who have secured top marks in the state are also the ones who have scored maximum marks in some of the subjects, school officials said.Although happy about their scores, most students said they would opt for the state syllabus in higher studies over the ISC stream.\"I want to get into IIT and hence believe it would be best to join one of the intermediate colleges which offer coaching for the same,\" said Tejaswin Kopparty, from Geetanjali School, Secunderabad, who secured 95% marks in class X ICSE.Sruthi said that she is planning to join take up the biology, physics and chemistry combination at a private junior college with a view to preparing for the AIIMS admission test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13310200", "title": "High court boost to fight against thermal power plant", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: For over four years, 72-year old Narayan Sahoo did not lose hope. On Friday, a big smile finally appeared on his face when the Orissa high court ordered to stop the construction work of a thermal power plant in his area, just a earshot distance from the Kapilash hill, a famous Shiva shrine and elephant sanctuary. \"The high court has directed to maintain status quo. We will ensure that the order is implemented in letter and spirit and would move contempt petition in case of violation,\" said Aditya Narayan Das, counsel who moved the PIL in the high court on behalf of Sahoo and his fellow villagers.Sahoo for all practical purposes has been a one man army fighting against not only the upcoming factory but against the government that has shown virtually no concern thus far to the countless pleas by the villagers to shift the plant from their backyard. \"Our own government has thrown all laws to the wind and pushed us to the brink of disaster for the benefit of a company that has no stake in the state. All that we want the rule of law to prevail. We are confident justice will one day come on our way,\" Sahoo, who heads the 'Charidesa Krushak Surakhya Sangha', a body formed comprising people from nearly 14 villages to launch the campaign against the thermal power plant, said.Sahoo's battle began when work began for acquiring 932 acres of land at Kandheipur panchayat in Cuttack district for installation of a 1400 mw thermal power plant by KVK Neelachal Power. \"All the villages of our panchayat are situated like dots in a circle. The plant sought to be set up falls in the middle of the circle. As such temperature in the summer hovers over 42 degree Celsius in the summer. One cannot imagine to live in the area once the furnace begins to burn to produce 1400 mw of thermal power,\" Sahoo said.The septuagenarian Sahoo, who divides his time between sensitizing villagers about the ill-effect of the plant and his ailing wife undergoing dialysis at the SCB Medical College, Cuttack, has knocked almost every door in the administration in the last four years pleading to at least heed the people. \"That people in the government could be so insensitive was beyond my imagination. They did everything to bypass laws and even suppressed suggestions whenever made by some saner elements in the officialdom pointing out the gross illegalities in pushing the plant,\" he pointed out. \"The factory site is a rich agricultural field and sole source of sustenance for thousands of villagers dependent on it. The Kapilash elephant sanctuary , declared in April 2011, is just four km away. The sanctuary, also abode of a famous Shiva temple, provides water to our field round the year. Moreover, law prohibits construction of this nature within 10 km from the sanctuary. But the government officials refused to listen to us,\" Sahoo said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13308417", "title": "Anurag Sharma takes charge as Hyderabad police commissioner", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a reshuffle that was in the air for sometime, 1981 batch IPS officer Anurag Sharma was on Saturday confirmed as Hyderabad police commissioner, a charge he had taken over temporarily from A K Khan on April 10 after the latter went on a mid-career training. The government on Saturday also elevated three 1979 batch IPS officers to the rank of director general from that of additional DG, a move that saw B Prasada Rao come in as DG of ACB above D Bhoobathi Babu, additional DG.After serving as city police chief for two years and four months, Khan was appointed vice-chairman and MD of APSRTC in place of Prasada Rao. Although Khan returned from his training almost a week ago, he has been on leave. With Anurag Sharma taking over as city police chief, his charge of additional DG, Greyhounds, was given to J V Ramudu.Among the two other 1979 batch officers who were promoted to the rank of DG, S A Huda will continue to hold his existing charge of law and order. This is the second time that the state is seeing two DG rank officers in-charge of law and order.Earlier, Swaranjit Sen was the DGP (as the head of the police force, the DGP is also in-charge of law and order) and P V Naidu served as DG, law and order, for one year and 3 months. Aruna Bahuguna, the third 1979 batch officer to be promoted, was posted as chairperson, AP State Police Housing Corporation Ltd from her present posting as additional DG, APSP.In place of Ramudu, the state brought in Madanlal as MD of AP State Police Housing Corporation Ltd from his current posting as additional DG, home guards. TP Das, DG of SPF, was posted as DG of prisons and director, correctional services, relieving Vivek Dube of the additional charge. Lokendra Sharma, who was on leave, was posted as DG of SPF in place of Das. Damodar Goutam Sawang, who was awaiting posting, was promoted to the rank of additional director general and given charge of APSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13310651", "title": "British universities report fall in applications from India due to visa curbs", "text": "LONDON: Amidst renewed calls to the David Cameron government to review recent curbs on student visas, the British universities have reported a significant fall in applications for courses from India for the forthcoming academic year starting September-October.The actual scale of fall in students from India and other non-EU countries will be clear by September, when students arrive to start their courses, but lesser number of applications received by April-May suggests that international students may be looking elsewhere.Britain faces stiff competition mainly from Canada and Australia to attract high fee-paying international students. The challenge has increased as changes to the student visa regime in the UK - particularly the closure of the post study work visa - have been reported widely in countries such as India and Nigeria.According to The Sunday Times , universities are seeing falls of more than 30 per cent in applications from India \"in the first signs that foreign students are being put off coming to Britain by the government's crackdown on migration\".Universities UK (UUK), the umbrella body representing 134 higher education institutions, has warned the prime minister that universities could lose between 5 to 8 billion pounds every year due to the restrictions put in place as part of plans to curb visa abuse and net immigration.Prof Eric Thomas , chairman of UUK, says in a letter to Cameron that in China and India, Britain is seen as \"putting up barriers to entry\", and added: \"The UK seems to be telling the world that it doesn't welcome international students\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13309558", "title": "City bus goes up in flames after short circuit in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: A Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation (TNSTC) bus went up in flames at the Tambaram bypass on Saturday afternoon. Electrical short circuit is suspected to be the cause.The bus, belonging to the Kallakurichi depot of Villupuram division left Koyambedu at 12.35 pm with 30 passengers.On the bypass road near Tambaram, Driver Jothiramalingam (44) noticed smoke from the engine. As soon as the passengers got down, a fire erupted.Three tenders from Tambaram and Poonamallee doused the flames. Traffic on the busy route was affected for a while as the burnt vehicle could not be moved to the corner of the road.The Villupuram division of TNSTC will conduct a detailed probe, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13309534", "title": "Autos off the roads, Bus Rapid Transit System strikes it rich", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With just 104 buses, the Ahmedabad Janmarg Limited (AJL) recorded the highest number of passengers on Friday. Thanks to the autorickshaw strike, the total passenger count for the BRTS for Friday was 1.71 lakh .With over 80 per cent of the autorickshaws remaining off the roads on Friday protesting against the CNG price hike, it was a field day for the Ahmedabad Municipal Transport Services (AMTS) and BRTS.While BRTS saw a increase of 22,000 passengers in the first seven hours, the AMTS expects to have a record income of Rs 50 lakh in a single day. BRTS officials said that usually the traffic in the first session - 7 am to 2 pm - remains around 45,000-50,000 passengers but Friday saw an increase of over 22,000. BRTS had deployed six additional buses to cater to the rush. There were about 750 buses on road on Friday. \"As against the daily income of about Rs 31-35 lakh per day, the first shift which ended at 5 pm saw an income of Rs 36 lakh,\" an official said. \"We are expecting the income to cross Rs 50 lakh, which could be a record income for the AMTS in a day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13310956", "title": "Govindan Nair\u2019s favourite flowers to colour Pattom traffic island", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The traffic island currently under construction at Pattom, once completed, will literally pay floral tribute to the late communist leader M N Govindan Nair.The traffic island will be beautified like a small park and the flowers that will be planted in the traffic island will be among the favourite flowers of M N Govindan Nair.TRDCL (Thiruvananthapuram Road Development company limited) entrusted with the construction of traffic island is now busy procuring the saplings of coral jasmine (pavizha malli), red ixora (thetti) flowers and plumeria (chempakam) which had been the late leader's favourites.\"We thought about so many ways to make the island look different. Planting the favourite flower saplings of the comrade turned out to be the best option,\" said Anil Kumar Pandala, vice-president, TRDCL.The saplings will be planted once the landscaping of the proposed island area is completed. At present the soil is levelled following which turf grass will be planted to provide the green cover.\"Flower and fruit saplings will come atop the green cover. We have discussed it with the M N's family and they have appreciated the idea,\" said an official.Once the green cover is ready, high-mast lamps loaded with six sodium vapour lamps will be installed. Though conceived and christened as a park, the island will not be fully transformed into a park though. \"If we provide all the essentials of a park in a traffic island, it would cease to perform its real purpose. Pattom is a busy junction and parking woes will crop up, if the island is completely developed as a park,\" said Pandala.The lamp will be set in such a manner to create the most natural ambience in the park. Fruit saplings of pomegranate, guava and passion fruit will also be planted in the park. The idea is to attract birds to the park which will make it look more natural.The junction will be retermed as MN junction with the completion of the project. A footpath will also be constructed on the island. \"We are also planning to install sprinklers to water the flowers and the lawn. Talks are already on with KWA regarding this. However, final decision will be taken in such a manner that the contract agreement is not affected,\" said Pandala.TRDCL has already completed about 20 major traffic islands at various junctions in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13308590", "title": "Woman among three held for selling fake gold chains", "text": "GURGAON: Police arrested three persons, including a woman, allegedly involved in selling fake gold chains in the old city area.Police were tipped off about the gang by a resident Anshul Gupta. Gupta said: \"The gang leader, Babloo, had come to my shop to sell coins dating back to 1857. I had been cheated by such a fraudster in the past, so I told him to come on Saturday with all the coins.\" Five members of the gang landed at the shop and Gupta took three, including the woman, to a room. Two others members of the gang fled the spot on learning that police have been called.Police said that the gang had been cheating residents on the pretext of selling gold chains. The investigation revealed that the gang used to buy regular chains from Karol Bagh and get them coloured to make them appear like gold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13310523", "title": "Hunter-wallahs", "text": "Hunting, like prostitution, is one of India's worst-kept secrets. Everyone knows it's illegal. And everyone knows it's going on. In the Northeast, hunting is prevalent amongst both tribals and the Army. And in Kerala's Periyar Tiger Reserve, rampant poaching of tuskers has dramatically skewed the sex ratio, with one male elephant for 101 females.These are amongst a series of startling findings thrown up by a research paper on hunting by three scientists - Nandini Velho, research associate at National Centre for Biological Sciences, Bangalore and a doctoral student at Australia's James Cook University ; Krithi Karanth, assistant director of the Centre for Wildlife Studies, Bangalore; and William F Laurance, an eminent tropical scientist at James Cook University.The scientists plunged into a meta-analysis of 143 studies on hunting in India in a bid to give shape to the shadowy world that plagues the country's wildlife.Their study shows that hunting was reported in 23 of the 28 states and 7 Union Territories, with 114 species of mammals reportedly hunted in the country.Besides pushing animals to extinction, hunting also changes the way they behave. For instance, encounter rates (the chance of spotting an animal or signs of it) of daytime animals declined where guns were used to hunt them during the day. Likewise, encounter rates of nocturnal animals reduced where guns were used at night.While much has been written about tiger conservation, Velho cites the plight of other mammals. For instance, the widespread use of traps for otters has led to their extinction in several areas. Its skin, says Velho, is prized in Europe.According to wildlife conservationist Belinda Wright, the last 18 months have seen an increase in hunting for meat,with a spike in demand in towns around protected areas. Wright says the trend has much to do with economics. Highly priced domestic meat has spawned a market for wild meat, which is found to be cheaper.While hunting happens across the country, the methods vary. \"Hunters in Uttaranchal used guns (42%) and snares (48%) in roughly equal frequency; in Himachal Pradesh hunters used exclusively guns. In Karnataka, most hunters (94%) used home-made muzzle-loading guns although use of snares was also reported,\" says the study. Velho says certain communities such as the Nishi tribe in Arunachal Pradesh have banned the use of locally made trap scalled Komiya,which have often caused injuries to people, too. \"The fine for laying these traps is one mithun (a bison-like animal). They do, however, allow hunting with guns,\" adds Velho, who has worked extensively in Arunachal, where hunting is deeply embedded in the local culture. \"Even the belts used for clothes are made of animal skin.\"Tribals aren't the only ones hunting in the Northeast. \"Army forces posted on India's northern borders in the Indo-Myanmar /eastern Himalayan region are also reported to engage actively in hunting,\" says the report. \"Many Army officers wear musk (a perfume extracted from the musk deer),\" says Velho. Government officers, too, are involved in hunting. \"A lot of the killings carried out by locals are either sold or gifted to officers,\" she adds.The report says hunting is particularly widespread in Arunachal, which lies within the India-Myanmar and eastern Himalayan biodiversity hotspots. As many as 94 mammal species are reportedly hunted in these two regions. \"This figure is considerably higher than the 33 species reported to be hunted across the Western Ghats, the 22 hunted species recorded in the western Himalayas, and zero hunted species reported from the Nicobar Islands,\" says the study. This may be due to the fact that the eastern Himalayas are home to more species than the Western Ghats, says Velho.Environmentalist Uttara Mendiratta, a consultant with Freeland Foundation says hunting in the Northeast gets a boost because the Southeast Asian market for wildlife trade is close at hand. \"After hunting an animal in Northeast India, it's very easy to cut across the border to Myanmar where there is a ready market. It is not the same in the Western Ghats where it is harder to sell wildlife in an open market,\" says Mendiratta, who has been involved in underground operations in China and Tibet to study the illegal animal market. While Tibet was once a large market for illegal animal products from India, there has been a marked drop in demand after the Dalai Lama forbade the use of such products amongst Tibetans . His is amongst several initiatives to curb hunting. In the Northeast, locals from tribes known for their hunting prowess have been roped in for wildlife conservation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13309160", "title": "BJP national leaders spineless: BS Yeddyurappa", "text": "BANGALORE: Sulking former Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa on Saturday slammed BJP's central leadership saying that not one of them has the ability to lead the party.Comparing the present leadership with former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee, the Lingayat strongman said that these leaders are not capable of crisis management. \"The party has failed to introspect and resolve internal crisis in Gujarat, Rajasthan and Karnataka,\" Yeddyurappa told reporters.The former chief minister's attack comes just days ahead of the party's national executive meeting scheduled to be held in Mumbai on May 24-25. \"I will not attend the party's national executive,\" Yeddyurappa, who recently pushed the state government to a crisis that had threatened its survival, said.\"There is political indecisiveness in the state BJP,\" he said. \"There is speculation that I am going to join Congress. It is far from truth. There is no question of joining any political party,\" the Lingayat leader said after opening his new office on Friday close to the BJP central office in Bangalore.He said that L K Advani is leading the party but is unable to take decisions because of the influence of party general secretary H N Ananth Kumar. Reiterating that he won't demand either the CM's chair or the state party president's post, Yeddyurappa said, \"I need respect in the party, I don't need any position.\"He added that Kumar was trying to control the party. \"He creates confusion and doubt. He not only misguides the party, but also tries to suppress leaders like Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley who have good leadership qualities.\"After precipitating a crisis with nine ministers and several MLAs loyal to him submitting their resignations, Yeddyurappa announced a few days ago that he had deferred his decision to quit the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13320069", "title": "Fresh wheat stock being piled in open at FCI godown", "text": "VARANASI: A number of jute sacs filled with wheat lying in the uncovered (open) space at the main food storage centre (godown) of the Food Corporation of India (FCI) in Manduadih on Saturday were a clear indication that the godown authorities would have their task cut out when the inflow of procured wheat gathered momentum.The main FCI godown in the region, with storage capacity of 70,540 MT, is already loaded with nearly 60,000 MT rice (as per the stock position of godown on Saturday). The condition of storage of wheat at the godown could be easily understood with the regional food controller (RFC) office setting up the target of procurement of 1.13 lakh MT wheat in the Varanasi division this year.It may be mentioned here that as per reports of district agriculture department , the average wheat production per hectare in Varanasi district is 32 quintals. If the production of wheat in cultivated land in an area of 69,650 hectares is calculated, the wheat production comes to a whopping 2,22,880 MT this year.\"The covered space in the godown is loaded with rice and nearly 1280 MT of wheat under two racks have come from Sitapur district this week. Presently, around 1200 MT of wheat from last year's stock is also stored here and we are only in a position to provide plinth (open) area in the godown to store wheat. The condition should improve by next month when the stock of rice would be replaced with wheat,\" said Santosh Kumar, manager (depot), FCI.Though, the depot manager emphasized that wooden crates with polythene cover and aeration facility are being maintained at the godown and quality inspection is being done to ensure safe and proper storage of wheat, the condition of wheat, especially that of last year's stock, is enough to raise eyebrows.Similarly, one of the biggest FCI godowns in the region is also struggling with scarcity of gunny bells (jute sacs for storing wheat with each bell having 500 jute sacs). According to depot manager, the godown with 3,500 bells is now left with only 512 bells, as a majority of gunny bells have been supplied to Jhansi and Gorakhpur to fulfill the demand. \"If the scarcity of gunny bells are not met, we would not be in a position to store wheat when it comes from local areas,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13318092", "title": "We needed to play better shots: Kohli", "text": "HYDERABAD: A disappointed Royal Challengers Bangalore skipper Virat Kohli on Sunday blamed poor shot selection by his batsmen and his dismissal at a crucial stage for his side's nine-run loss to Deccan Chargers to exit from the Indian Premier League.\"My wicket changed the whole scenario of the match. We were easily poised at that stage as we needed 30 runs off 25 balls. I think we made lots of mistakes today. We should have played much better cricket shots. We could have been much more smarter today. But that's how you learn after making mistakes,\" Kohli told reporters at the post-match press conference.\"I thought I could finish it off for my team. I executed the shot pretty but that went to hand. If it had gone to the gap, we could have won the game. But that's Twenty20 cricket. I don't think we played the right kind of shots. We should have made better decisions while batting on such wicket. We could have got in more and tried to take chances towards the end,\" he added.Kohli said that the Chargers had nothing to lose as they were already out of the tournament and they played free cricket and bowled in good areas.He rued the lack of partnerships in Sunday's match. \"Apart from small partnership between me and Saurabh Tiwary we could not build any sort of partnership. In T20 small partnerships are needed which did not happen today,\" Kohli said.On Gayle getting out cheaply today, Kohli said, \"He (Chris Gayle) is always a big player for us but the other players are also ready to step up as well. But unfortunately that did not happen on Sunday.Asked if there was any lack of intensity among his players after the start given by Gayle, Kohli said he did not think that way.\"It was not so. I had told the guys to be positive and play the way they want and not to be complacent at all. We were batting brilliantly throughout the tournament as a team but it is one of those days people getting beaten on straight balls and balls which they smash out of the grounds but today things did not go right for us.\"As far as batting is concerned things did not go our way, but we bowled and fielded very well and played good cricket till 70 per cent of the game but suffered in three-four overs,\" he said.\"You cannot smash at everything. You need to analyse and when you lose wickets you need to stretch towards the end and need some sort of partnership. 30 runs off 25 balls was very much gettable in T20 cricket.\"Kohli praised opposition team's pace spearhead Dale Steyn and said, \"He bowled amazingly well. He is always one guy against whom one needs to be cautious and target other bowlers.Though his team is out of IPL, Kohli felt that this season saw the best competition.\"It's probably the best IPL so far and really competitive and till this game it was not decided who's going to make it to the play-offs. Unfortunately we were out because of net run rate. I don't think we played bad cricket feels very bad,\" he said.\"But as a tournament, IPL has been brilliant this year. As it gets more competitive, it brings more quality out of the players,\" Kohli added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13309730", "title": "Civic body issues notices to 29 companies erecting hoardings in private buildings", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC's) anti-encroachment department has issued notices to 29 agencies responsible for erecting hoardings in private buildings over the issuance of permissions and stability certificates.The department sent notices to the agencies to produce copies of the permission letters and stability certificates at the earliest.\"Under Sections 244 and 245 of the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporations Act, agencies have to take permission from the municipal commissioner to erect hoardings on the premises of private buildings. This permission is given for one year. After that, fresh permission is to be sought. We have asked the agencies to provide the permission letters and stability certificates to us so that we know how many of the agencies have taken permission from civic authorities,\" said R M Bahiram, deputy municipal commissioner of the anti-encroachment department.Bahiram said that the NMC gets advertisement tax and a license fee from the agencies, but the rent that is paid by them to the building owners is separate and is decided between the agency and the owner. The proprietor of an agency that puts up hoardings in the heart of the city admitted on condition of anonymity that he had documents for last year but had yet to seek permission for this year.\"I should have done it six months back. I did go to the NMC on a couple of occasions but due to the civic elections, the officials concerned were not available and I too did not follow up on the subject,\" the proprietor added. NMC officials said that action to be taken against offenders would be decided only after the civic body gets all the required documents from the agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13308990", "title": "Thirty five new summer special trains", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the convenience of passengers and to clear extra rush during summer, the railways have decided to run 35 pairs of special trains with a total of 1694 trips on the Northern Railway zone.This is besides the introduction of 20 new trains since July last year running a total of 752 trips - 2446 trips in all during the period. To cater to the increasing volume, the railways have also planned to augment the passenger carrying capacity by 94 coaches on permanent/temporary basis. A total of 96 extra coaches have been attached for the season for enhanced passenger volume.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13308323", "title": "Hyderabad's Old City is in immediate need of image makeover", "text": "Sometime back a mediaperson was invited by an institution in Secunderabad for a lecture on Hyderabad to students pursuing diploma in mass communication and journalism. The students came from different age groups, socio-economic backgrounds and regions. To assess their basic knowledge, the scribe asked them what they knew about the Old City of Hyderabad. The responses left him befuddled.While one student said Old City is the place where the historic Charminar is located, another promptly said it was where one could buy illegal goods. When asked if it meant Chor Bazaar, the reply was in the affirmative. Another student believed that it was a place inhabited by people who were aggressive. On prodding, the student said the people there were prone to get involved in brawls even without provocation.Sadly, the distorted image of the Old City is quite common, even among government agencies and private sector companies. A proof of this was found when the government held a job mela earlier this week in the four ITIs of the city, including one at Bahadurpura. The 243 candidates who had gathered at the Old City ITI seeking employment were in for a rude shock when they discovered that only one private sector firm had turned up for the recruitment. At the end of the exercise, the firm representatives informed that they did not find any suitable candidate to hire immediately. As consolation, they added that they had shortlisted 10 candidates for further scrutiny of their skills.The Old City image deficit is found everywhere. If you speak with officials of the Osmania General Hospital , they will tell you that doctors are reluctant to serve there as it is located in the Old City. Or if you speak with the GHMC authorities, they will inform you that not many of their senior employees are keen to be posted in the South Zone. Similar is the response of the electricity department staff. They will tell you how difficult life is for their employees in this part of the city and that most of the power pilferage is done here.And the police? Old City is the burden they have had to carry along. If there had been no Old City, the policemen would have led a life of gay abandon. There would have been no communal riots, no terrorist attacks, no factional fights or gang wars, no burglaries, no thefts and no chain snatching incidents.Who is responsible for this distorted image of the Old City? The government, and the political parties to a large extent. The government's apathy towards the conditions in the Old City became noticeable from the 1950's. While moving out its agencies one by one from the Old City, the government did nothing, especially in the field of education. It didn't open new schools and failed to check the massive slide in educational standards. The all pervasive poverty coupled with low literacy rate contributed in damaging the social edifice that once boasted of its finer dimensions.Change for the better started only from the late 1970's with remittances from the Hyderabadis working in the Gulf pouring in. But by then, the mindset about the Old City had taken roots.Today, the Old City does not reflect the old picture of social and economic backwardness. Hordes of boys and girls are venturing out for education and employment to others parts of the city. Many traders and business are making good money. Sensing the change, colleges from big business groups, showroom of cars and two-wheelers, major names in shopping malls are entering the Old City market.While the Old City needs all this and more it also requires a massive drive in image changeover. The government, political parties and the civil society need to realise the importance of this and get together to find ways to tell the world that the Old City is on the path of change and progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13308719", "title": "Pune University students condemn attack on Palshikar", "text": "PUNE: Nearly 500 students of the University of Pune (UoP) on Friday condemned the attack on the office of Suhas Palshikar, head of the department of political science and public administration at the University of Pune.Palshikar, an advisor to National Council for Education Research and Training (NCERT), had resigned following the controversy over the reproduction of a cartoon of B R Ambedkar in NCERT textbooks. His office at the UoP was ransacked by four men last Saturday.\"We accept the fact that the feelings of many persons have been hurt by the cartoon as also its inclusion in the said textbook. We also realise that there are sharp differences of opinion as regards the various aspects of this issue. In a democracy such a difference of opinion is bound to happen and must exist. However, we do not feel that in a democracy such acts should be resorted to in order to express such differences and hence this condemnation,\" said a statement issued by the students.The statement added, \"We feel that the attack is not limited to an attack on Palshikar. This is an attack on all attempts to critically examine our politics, social life, history and culture. We fear that we might be on the way to losing our ability to take a clear sighted view of our society. We, as students feel that this will adversely impact research and studies, currently underway or which will be conducted in the future, undertaken by scholars and hence too this condemnation.\"The statement said that the students feel the books are of an excellent quality. Hence, if the government decides to withdraw these books they would beg to differ.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "13309843", "title": "Zindabad to an inquelab of empowerment", "text": "KOLLAM: Comrade Ramya Krishna had never heard of the word 'oss' till the other day. But today every time she repeats it after her karate instructor, it gives her a fresh bout of confidence; a wave of strength further tightens her muscles powering her punch and chop.She is one of the 50 women comrades getting trained in martial arts at a training camp organised by CPI at Karunagappally in Kollam. Interestingly, the state camp is happening at a time when its big brother is facing flak for alleged use of muscle power on political enemies.But an undeterred CPI is holding the camp to acknowledge a dream of its late secretary C K Chandrappan , who wanted the party to initiate training programmes with a view to imparting training in self-defence for women cadres.The 12-day state-level leadership camp will offer training for 50 women comrades from across the state in martial arts such as karate, kalari, kung fu and judo. The training is part of the state leadership camp organized by the party for its Jana Seva Dal or People's Service Corps (PSC).CPI leader K E Ismail, MP, told TOI that the idea was initiated as \"there is an urgent need for boosting confidence level of girls. They must be able to tackle any situation\".\"This camp is only a first step. We will organise such camps in other parts of the state in future as was the wish of Chandrappan,\" said R Ramesh, camp director and state captain of PSC.According to Ramya, the training is equipping her with the much-needed self-confidence and self-protection techniques. \"Today's women pass through a number of crises in family, workplace and during travel. They need to be confident to brave such odds,\" she said.Apart from training in martial arts, experts will take classes on different topics in the camp which will conclude on May 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13310272", "title": "Juicy delights at maiden fruit festival", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Amrapali, Daseheri, Totapuri, Himsagar, Langara, Gulabkhas, Latsundari, Kesar, Neelam and many such delicious varieties of mangoes from the state are now adorning the markets of Delhi, Agra, Lucknow, Chandigarh and other cities of the country, thanks to the efforts of state horticulture department, marketing the mangoes to north Indian cities under the brand name of 'Udyan Fresh'.\"It is terrific news that Odisha's mangoes are available in other cities now. We must provide better opportunities and facilities to farmers to strengthen fruit production of the state,\" said chief minister Naveen Patnaik , inaugurating the first fruit festival of the state at the exhibition ground here on Saturday.\"Mangoes harvest about one-and-half months earlier in Odisha than other states like Uttar Pradesh and Bihar because of geographic reasons. For years traders from Bihar and UP have been procuring mangoes directly from Odisha at a lower price and selling them in bigger cities at a higher price. So we thought of exploring the market for our farmers by providing market and logistical support for them,\" said horticulture director Sanjeev Kumar Chadha.Besides mangoes, a large variety of other summer fruits like jackfruit, banana, ber, stone apple, wood apple, guava, orange, lemon, berries, aonla and sapeta were also on display at the maiden fruit festival. As many as 300 participants, including fruit growers, scientists and marketing personnel participated in the event. A wide range of fruit products like pickles, jams and jellies were also available in the festival.Agriculture secretary Ranglal Jamuda said, \"The event is held to bring the people, government and scientists together so they can see local fruits and products. The aim of the festival is to bring rare and unique fruits from the state together to the fore. The festival displays an array of summer rarities, which are not available in the open market, for the delight of connoisseurs.\"Various competitions will also be held during the festival, which will be adjudged by scientists of Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT). Several on-the-spot competitions like fruit-eating competition will also be held.Bhagirathi Badjena, Bhubaneswar MLA said, \"Efforts should be made to revive Deras farm on the outskirts of the city, which was once famous for producing a huge quantity of Cavendish banana.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13312522", "title": "Raj Chakrabarty still stuck on south", "text": "The director plays a veshti-clad south Indian, who teaches people how to jump off the bridge in Srijit Mukherji's 'Hemlock Society'; more such collaborations are in the offing\"South amar pichhon chharchhe na,\" smiles Raj, when we ask him about his role in \"Hemlock\", which tells the story of an organization that teaches people to commit suicide with dignity. \"One of the biggest take-homes from this film was that I got to work as an actor with veterans like Soumitra Chatterjee, Sabitri Chatterjee, Bratya Basu, Sabyasachi Chakrabarty and Sudeshna Roy,\" says the director of hits like \"Chirodini... Tumi Je Amar\" and \"Challenge\". All the senior actors play teachers who conduct classes on various types of suicide.Himself a hit director, didn't Raj face any problems working with fellow filmmaker Srijit? \"Not at all. In this film I was just an actor, so there was no question of an ego clash. In fact, he had a role in \"Nayika\", my serial. There's a lot to learn from him, especially the way he conceives and presents a character,\" Raj stresses. A source tells us there are more roles in store for Raj - he will shoot on Sunday for Raja Chanda's \"Challenge 2\", where he plays a director. \"Challenge\" had been directed by Raj.Raj adds that there are more collaborations in the offing with Srijit. He'll direct \"Yo Devi Sarvabhuteshu\", the script for which is by the \"Hemlock\" maker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "13310180", "title": "Cry for chaste celebration of divine union", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Upping its ante against the prevalence of raunchy dance performances on the occasion of the annual Sital Sasthi celebrations, the coordination committee of the festival ordered against such performances during the week-long festival, to be held from May 21 to 27 in Sambalpur.Instead, folk dances of Rajasthan, Assam , Bihar and Chhattisgarh would be prime attractions of the festival, the committee said while speaking to media persons on Friday night. \"We will not allow any vulgar dance performances during Sital Sasthi. We have asked the administration to take action against yatra committees in case they find any vulgarity during the festival,\" said Sital Sasthi Yatra Joint Coordination Committee president Amulya Mishra.The week-long summer carnival depicts the marriage ceremony of Shiva and Parvati as per Hindu rituals. Each yatra committee selects a couple to play parents of Parvati to perform the marriage like of their own daughter. Thousands of devotees throng the town to witness it.The concluding street procession of the divine couple the following day of the marriage, however, is the most attractive part of the festival. Yatra committees invite various dance troupes and dancers from various parts of the country to accompany the procession..Over the past few years, the yatra committees have come under criticism for promoting vulgar dances during the street procession. Individuals and various organizations have appealed to the administration to take stringent action to abolish such practice. Sources said the administration has decided to take stringent action against yatra committees, who are found to promote vulgar dances during the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13309413", "title": "Two teenagers arrested for posing as examinees", "text": "KOLKATA: Two teenagers were arrested for posing as All India Joint Entrance Examination candidates at a centre in Budge Budge Institute of Technology (BBIT) on Saturday.Teenagers Bipin and Suresh Kumar were arrested for impersonating two All India Joint Entrance Examination candidates at a centre in Budge Budge Institute of Technology (BBIT) on Saturday.BBIT principal Santanu Sen said the youths, identified as Bipin and Suresh, were based in Bihar. While Bipin appeared for the examination on behalf of Ranjit Kumar, Suresh was taking the paper on behalf of Sudhangshu Kumar.Officials started questioning Bipin and Suresh when they found their ID cards, photos and signatures suspicious.Suresh was, however, not ready to give in. He went on arguing with the officials and said that there was nothing wrong with their ID cards and signatures. But within minutes Bipin confessed that he was not the real examinee. that Bihar-based Bipin and Suresh were appearing for the examination on behalf of Ranjit Kumar and Sudhangshu Kumar respectively. Officials found the identity cards, photos and the signatures of the duo suspicious and started questioning the duo. Suresh started arguing with officials, contending that there was nothing wrong with their ID cards or signatures but Bipin confessed in minutes that he was not the real examinee. It was only after arguing with officials for more than 40 minutes that Suresh confessed that he was impersonating for Sudhangshu Kumar.The institute authorities called in the Budge Budge police who arrested the duo.BBIT chairman Jagannath Gupta said they had to inform police to ensure only genuine students appear for the examination. Such incidents were affecting the image of the institute as another fake examinee was caught only three months ago, added Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13320587", "title": "Rs 7 crore collected for CCTV project", "text": "SURAT: With Surat Textile Market Association offering Rs 11 lakh donation in the much-awaited CCTV network project, the total funds collected have touched Rs 7 crore. The donation amount reached closer to the estimated Rs 12 crore required for the first phase.Currently, the Traffic Education Trust is coordinating the entire project and is being supervised by city police. The city police have planned Rs 80 crore CCTV network project covering the city and neighbouring areas of which Rs 12 crore has been allotted for the first phase.\"The total project cost may escalate with the time as it is yet to be implemented completely,\" said a senior officer from the department.At a specially organised event, city police commissioner Rakesh Asthana was handed over the donation cheque at the STM board room in textile market area on Saturday. In the event, textile traders and businessmen from the area remained present along with the office bearers of market associations. tnnSharing his experience of Vadodara, Asthana said, \"We could control communal riots in Vadodara with the help of CCTV camera network. Police installed 100 CCTV cameras on 29 locations due to which rioting stopped completely. Earlier, riots used to take place at regular interval of 15 to 20 days. Vadodara police keeps watch on 100 locations while sitting at office.\"In Surat, police could arrest those involved in theft of cotton bales and one accused was booked under PASA by the court after witnessing the CCTV footage, police informed.The entire project is being carried out from public money and will be managed by the police department.The CCTV network will be an effective tool to control crime at city's entry points and in business areas like diamond and textile markets, police believe. Surveillance in crowded diamond markets of Mahidharpura-Varachha and textile market on Ring Road is a major challenge for police.The project is currently in pre bid process and within next few months the basic infrastructure of the project will be ready. The CCTV network will be connected to the police control room at police commissionerate from where a close watch will be kept on all the important locations of the city. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13308614", "title": "US House OKs bill for rider on Pakistan aid", "text": "WASHINGTON: Defying the White House veto threat, the Republican-majority US House of Representatives has passed the $643 billion defence authorization bill for 2013 that among other things calls for certain conditions for American aid to Pakistan.The White House, in a statement this week, had said such conditions and certification regarding aid to Pakistan would be counter-productive. The National Defence Authorization Act (NDAA) 2013, passed by the House, 299 votes to 120, on Friday now heads for a showdown with the Democrat-majority Senate.The NDAA imposes conditions on Pakistan for receiving economic and military aid from the US based on Islamabad's action against terrorists and IEDs. It also prohibits the preferential procurement of goods or services from Pakistan till Islamabad reopens the crucial Nato supply routes to Afghanistan , which were closed after of the death of 24 Pakistani soldiers on November 26 last year in a Nato cross-border fire.The bill also calls for the construction of an East Coast missile defence system in the US by the end of 2015 and has budgeted $100 million in this regard for next year.The NDAA authorizes $643 billion in spending for the Department of Defence and overseas contingency operations - $8 billion above the spending caps in last year's Budget Control Act and $3.7 billion higher than the request made by President Barack Obama .\"This bill mandates fiscal responsibility within the Department of Defence, through sound fiscal stewardship, careful prioritisation of resources, and reforming the way the Pentagon interacts with the defence industrial base,\" House Armed Services Committee chairman Howard McKeon said.House Republican Policy Committee Chairman Tom Price said the bill reflected a conscious effort to maintain strong alliances with friends like Israel , and it ensures \"we do not underestimate\" the threats emanating from nations like Iran and North Korea.The bill also notes that the Taliban , Haqqanis and associated insurgents continue to enjoy safe havens in Pakistan, but are unlikely to be capable of overthrowing the Afghan government unless the US withdraws forces precipitously from Afghanistan.Opposing many provisions of the defence bill, including conditions imposed on US aid to Pakistan, the White House had threatened to veto it if it impedes the ability of the government to execute the new American defence strategy.\"If the cumulative effects of the bill impede the ability of the administration to execute the new defence strategy and to properly direct scarce resources, the President's senior advisers would recommend to the President that he veto the bill,\" an eight-page statement issued by the White House Office of Management and Budget had warned on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13308563", "title": "E-commerce firm lodges fraud complaint", "text": "GURGAON: A city-based e-commerce firm has registered a complaint of fraud against two Gwalior businessmen.The portal, (chargeitnow.com) offers online recharge services for mobile phones, has alleged that the businessmen had fraudulently recharged their mobile phones over 50 times without making any payment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13308881", "title": "I have faith in Indian judiciary: Luke Pomersbach", "text": "NEW DELHI: Minutes after being granted bail by a trial court on Saturday, IPL cricketer Luke Pomersbach appeared visibly relieved. The cricketer, who is charged with molesting American national Zohal Hamid and assaulting her fiance Sahil Peerzada, told reporters that he did not mind staying in the country for as long as he is required to.\"I have been in India for a while now. The last two days have been a nightmare. I have a girlfriend back home and it has been hard on her too. I finally spoke to her yesterday. She was aware of the developments in India but we hadn't been able to talk initially. The charges against me are completely false and baseless but I have faith in the Indian judicial system,\" said a smiling Pomersbach.The cricketer said that he had received full support of his teammates and team managers. \"They have stood by me since I got involved in this mess. I have not spoken to Siddharth (Mallya) yet,\" said Pomersbach.Pomersbach said that he was upset with the allegations levelled against him. \"I want to get to the bottom of the investigation. I am disappointed with the way fingers have been pointed towards me. It's sickening,\" he said.Asked to comment on the investigations, Luke said, \"I have no idea what will happen in the next few days. I will be available whenever required. I will be rejoining my team and the physiotherapist will assess the nature of my injuries. Depending on the extent of the injury, I will know whether I am fit to play or not.\"Pomersbach remained tight-lipped on the sequence of events that took place after the party on Thursday night all through Friday morning. \"It would not be right to comment on any of that. We should let the law take its course. It will soon be clear that the charges against me are false,\" he insisted.Later on Saturday, he surrendered his passport to Delhi Police and took a flight to Hyderabad, where his team is staying at present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13309674", "title": "South surge in ICSE, ISC results", "text": "CHENNAI: The southern region has outperformed the rest of the country and abroad yet again in the class 10 and 12 board exams conducted by the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations. The results of the class 10 Indian Certificate of Secondary Education (ICSE) exams and Class 12 Indian School Certificate (ISC) exams came out on Saturday.Students in the southern region continued to be on the winning track, securing a higher pass percentage in both the class 10 and 12 board exams. While 99.76% of students who took the class 10 exams passed in the southern region, 99.35% of students who took the class 12 exams cleared the boards.Overall, 98.62% cleared the class 10 exams, and 97.25% passed the class 12 exams, with a marginal increase of 0.01% from 2011. Girls have secured a higher pass percentage than boys in both the exams. Students in the western region secured the second highest pass percentage. \"The pass percentages are improving, especially in all the major subjects,\" said chief executive and secretary of the board Gerry Arathoon.Tamil Nadu students secured a higher pass percentage than the overall average and even the southern region, with 99.89% of the 1,774 class 10 students passing, and 99.2% of the 498 class 12 students clearing the exams. Only two boys failed in class 10, while four girls failed in class 12. All the class 10 girls in the state who appeared for the boards cleared the exams, and all the class 12 boys who took the boards passed.Deviating from its earlier policy of not revealing the names of toppers in the exams, the board announced that Rohan Sampath of Modern High School in Dubai topped the Class 12 boards by securing 99.5%. The second rank went to Kalyani Vishnu (99.25%) of Christ Nagar Higher Secondary School in Kerala, who comes first in India. Madhavi Singh from Carmel School, Dhanbad, and Shalaka Kulkarni from Shrimati Sulochanadevi Singhania School, Thane, came first with 98.8%. None from Tamil Nadu secured first or second ranks in either of the exams.With the results available on the council website and through SMS, schools wore a deserted look. Many students were on vacation, school heads said. \"We sent our first batch for the class 10 boards this year. I'm thrilled because all the students have passed with a first class,\" said director of The Grove School Nanditha Krishna. School principal Kala Duraiswamy said that the school sent some of their teachers to be trained by resource persons under the board to help their students face the boards.The board's policies have helped 40 of the 501 students with dyslexia to secure more than 90% in the ICSE exam, while 12 of the 32 students with visual disabilities scored more than 90% and five of the 18 candidates who were too ill to come to the exam centre and took their exams from hospitals. In the ISC exams two of the 56 candidates with dyslexia and two of eight students with visual disabilities scored more than 90%. Five Class 12 students took their exams from hospitals.\"We have a big advantage as we are allowed a choice of subjects in class 8, and we are allowed to calculate our percentage from the best five subjects,\" said Shashank S, the topper in The Grove School, who secured 90.6% in the ICSE exams. Students are given a choice between economics and mathematics in group 2 and a choice between a host of subjects including computer applications, yoga, physics education, cookery and home science in group 3 when they are in Class 8.Mark sheets for Class 10 and 12 students will reach schools latest by May 21 and 22 respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13309239", "title": "Woman commits suicide after brawl with husband", "text": "JAIPUR: A woman who was upset with her marital life committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling fan at her Bhatta Basti house here. The woman in her suicide note had said she would reincarnate in a better life.Savitri Devi (24) was married to Vijay Singh (28) five years ago. After their marriage, the couple was into daily brawls. The woman was upset over this for a long time. Late on Friday evening, the couple had a spat again and later the woman confined herself to a room. Initially, the husband thought since she was angry she should not be disturbed. Almost after two hours she locked herself in, the husband expecting the worst unlocked the door and was stunned to see her hanging from the ceiling, police said.\"The husband then informed us and we took the body down and sent it to Kanwatia hospital for the post mortem. The body was later handed over to the husband after the post mortem process was over,\" police said.On the reason behind the extreme step, a police officer quoting her suicide note said the woman was unhappy with the things around her in this birth. \"She had said that God will give her a second chance and she will be reborn in a better life,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13310776", "title": "99% ISC students in Maharashtra clear board exam, Mumbai students shine", "text": "MUMBAI: The pass percentage for the Class XII Indian School Certificate examination, the results of which were announced on Saturday, dropped marginally by 0.16 in Maharashtra to 98.86%. Most Mumbai ISC principals that TOI spoke to, however, said that their schools recorded a rise in the number of high scorers, and gave credit to the system which is \"neither rigid nor complicated\".\"The ISC curriculum is an extension of whatever has been taught in Classes IX and X. Our students find it easy to understand these concepts because it is only a more in-depth version of what they have already learned,\" said the principal of a city-based ISC school.This year was crucial to several city schools which saw the first batch of students graduating from Class XII in the Indian School Certificate examination, which is administered by the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations ( CISCE).The first batch of ISC students to graduate from Bombay Scottish School in Mahim cleared the board examination in both science and commerce streams. The school's high scorers recorded 90.8% and 92% in science and commerce respectively.At Lilavatibai Podar in Santa Cruz, 17-year-old Darshana Sunoj was declared the school's topper in the commerce stream with 97.5%. She put it down to time management. \"I made sure that I didn't spend more than four hours a day on studies. I didn't immerse myself completely in my studies. I didn't even attend coaching classes, and I'm happy that my hard work has paid off,\" said Darshana.In India, around 99.75% passed the English paper, but the Bengali language paper recorded the highest pass percentage at 99.85. Hindi had a pass percentage of 99.84.In Environmental Education , 99.74 per cent students across India cleared the paper, and 99.56% students cleared Computer Science. Commerce, which is considered a high scoring subject, saw the lowest pass percentage of 83.64. According to the data provided by the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations, of the 56 students with dyslexia and 32 candidates who were visually challenged, two students in each category scored more than 90%.In India, the overall pass percentage rose by a mere 0.01% since last year. Girls once again outperformed in Maharashtra and India. Twenty-four SC candidates took the examination and 87.5% cleared the boards. The pass percentage among ST candidates was 94.74%, and all 38 OBC students cleared the Class XII examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13309180", "title": "Bhutan literature festival 'Mountain Echoes' kicks off today", "text": "JAIPUR: The third edition of Mountain Echoes, the Bhutan Festival of Literature, Art and Culture starting on Sunday at Thimpu, Bhutan, is all set to host some of the renowned personalities from literature, cinema, music, art, food, media and photography.The festival organised by Jaipur-based Siyahi, will kick off on Sunday with a welcome address by Queen Mother of Bhutan, HM Ashi Dorji Wangmo Wangchuck, Indian ambassador Pavan K Varma and festival director Namita Gokhale, followed by an inspiring invocation of words and music, 'Gaata Rahe Mera Dil' by Sonam Dorji and Ali Sethi.Few of the stellar names bringing all these different fields together include Vikram Seth, Gulzar, Ali Sethi, Patrick French, Dayanita Singh, William Dalrymple, Sharmila Tagore, Wendell Rodricks and Amitabh Bhattacharya.The days to come will see a variety of fascinating and eclectic sessions on subjects ranging from linguistic traditions, spirituality, travel, Bollywood , folklore, music and lyrics.Some of the promising sessions to watch out for at the Tarayana Center include 'The Rivered Earth' with Vikram Seth and Ali Sethi, 'Once Upon A Hill' with writer duo, Kalpana Swaminathan and Ishrat Syed, 'Transcreations: Poetry Dialogues' with Gulzar, Pavan Varma and Sukrita Paul and 'Tales from Far and Near' with Tshering Cigay Dorji, Karma Tenzin 'Yongba' and Kishwar Desai.For those out to explore other aspects of art and culture, there are sessions such as, 'Moda Goa: History and Style' with Wendell Rodricks and Pramod Kumar KG, 'Exploring Cinema: Fifty Years in Films' with Sharmila Tagore and Shantanu Ray Chaudhuri, 'The Music Room: From the Classical to the Popular' with Ugyen Pande, Amitabh Bhattacharya and Rekha Bhardwaj.The other venue hosting some of the sessions is Taj Tashi, Thimpu. Here, the audiences can catch Gulzar talking about the metaphor of travel in his poetry in the session, 'Musafir Hoon Yaraon', Dayanita Singh and Aveek Sen discussing the genre of 'Photo Fiction', Vikram Seth, William Dalrymple and Patrick French in conversation with Nidhi Razdan in 'Rolling Clouds: Dreaming Mountains' or learn some fun recipes as Sarla Razdan and Kunzang Choden talking to Mita Kapur in 'Hill Kitchens'.While all these engaging sessions are on at these two venues, a third spot - the Nehru Wangchuck Center will be screening some unique and interesting films such as 'Bryan Adams: Bare Bones', 'Rocking the Hills', 'Sound Check' and 'A Composer's Dream and Living Stories'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13309222", "title": "Chandigarh municipal corporation has no way to measure pressure", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When summers have just begun and various areas of they city aren't getting enough water, Chandigarh municipal corporation doesn't have any mechanism to provide water at ideal pressure. This is one of the reasons that many areas of the city have been facing problem of water shortage for the past many years, but the situation remains the same despite claims of resolving it.Now, following the initiative of water supply committee, for the past five days, employees of the engineering wing of the authority checking water pressure with hand-held meters and results are shocking. In various areas like sectors 35, 38, 44, the water pressure has been measured below 8, whereas the normal supply should be between 12 and 15.Declining to be named, an official of the engineering wing said, \"We get water supply from Kajauli canal on daily basis and that water first goes for treatment in Sector 39-based treatment plant and from there it is distributed throughout the city. We don't have any equipment to measure water pressure of each sector.\"R.C Diwan, superintending engineer of public health wing said, \"We have macro level pressure measurement system through which we get to able to know the availability of bulk supply in our tanks, but we don't have any micro-level pressure measurement system. The water supply in city is good and we are tying our best to make the supply even.'Fix responsibility'Subash Chawla, a member of water supply committee said, \"In the first meeting of the panel held around three months ago, the officials had clearly told us that water supply system would be better in summers, but the problem started even in the beginning of the season. We will ask authority to fix the responsibility of those officials, who had been to misleading members of committee and harassing public.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13308702", "title": "Senior agriculture department official caught taking Rs 1L bribe", "text": "THANE: A joint director of the agriculture department was arrested by the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) in Thane on Friday for allegedly demanding and accepting a bribe of Rs 1 lakh from a recruit.ACB officials said that Bhimu Mahadeo Koli, who worked at the Wagle Estate office of the agriculture department, demanded Rs 3 lakh from the victim, Dhanashree Zheple, to issue an appointment letter for the post of a typist. Zheple had already cleared the departmental exams for the post of a clerk and approached Koli for her appointment letter. According to the complaint lodged with the ACB officials, Koli checked Zheple's certificates and other documents and then asked her to bring her father for a meeting the next day.When her father, Yeshwant, met Koli in his office, the senior officer reportedly asked for Rs 3 lakh before he would issue the appointment letter to his daughter. On lodging a complaint with ACB's Thane unit, the officials told Yeshwant to \"negotiate\" with Koli and fix a place where he could hand over the amount. Accordingly, Yeshwant brought down the amount to Rs 1 lakh. The ACB laid a trap and even as Koli accepted the Rs 1 lakh, the officials caught him red-handed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13310448", "title": "Broken fibre speed humps pose threat to two-wheelers", "text": "BHOPAL: The sleek fibre-reinforced plastic based ready made speed breakers are posing problems to the two-wheeler riders in the city. The breakers meant to check mishaps have mostly broken down exposing the nails that hold them lead to flattening of tyres and vehicles losing balance.The yellow and black-coloured fibre speed breakers have been installed almost on all the city roads.Amit Mathur and Sourabh Shrivastav, who are IT professionals, met with an accident because of the broken speed bump on a slope road near the CM House's boundary wall.\"There are two speed breakers on the road leading to the Upper Lake of which the speed breaker was broken. A few days back, when we were returning home after, our mobike slipped and we fell down because of the broken speed hump,\" said Amit.\"They are made of fibre and plastic, which are not durable. Moreover, they are only nailed on the road and not embedded properly,\" Siddharth Rokde, traffic and transport engineer, MANIT, told TOI. \"This is the major reason that the speed breakers get damaged or broken so easily,\" he added.\"The Indian Roads Congress (IRC) has set certain norms for fixing speed breakers in urban areas for controlling the speed of vehicles,\" said Siddharth.The IRC has specified that the speed breaker should be at least 3.7 m wide and 0.1 m in height. The average speed of a vehicle to cross a speed breaker should be not more than 25km/hr.Interestingly, the civic body has no plans to change these speed bumps. In fact, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) plans to install more such speed breakers along the Bus Rapid Transport System corridor throughout the city.\"We are installing more of these speed breakers on the BRTS corridor across the city,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13309565", "title": "Safety campaign at railway stations to prevent stampede", "text": "CHENNAI: Government railway police (GRP) and Railway Protection Force ( RPF) have launched a passenger safety campaign at the Central and Egmore railway stations to regulate the rush of passengers who scramble to board unreserved compartments in long distance trains.With berths not available on any of the long distance trains in the coming days, the number of people travelling by unreserved coaches has gone up so much that it leads to a stampede-like situation at times. On Thursday, GRP personnel made these passengers stand in a queue and board the train one by one. at Chennai Central. \"People put their life at risk and hustle to board unreserved coaches to get a seat. The campaign is to prevent a stampede,\" said a GRP official.Southern railway divisional security commissioner S R Gandhi said the measures would be in place till the summer rush was over. \"A similar campaign was conducted last year,\" he said. The move comes after a woman recently fell on to the track at Chennai Central while boarding an unreserved coach of the Chennai-Thiruvananthapuram Mail. She was rescued but died of trauma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13309225", "title": "Enough evidence to prosecute Rajendra Singh Rathore, CBI tells court", "text": "JAIPUR: A local court here on Tuesday heard arguments for framing charges against former minister Rajendra Singh Rathore for his alleged involvement in the Dara Singh encounter case.The CBI completed its arguments giving brief details on the evidence against Rathore, while the defence is yet to complete its arguments in this regard. The court has fixed Monday for further hearing in the matter.According to special public prosecutor Sarfarz Haider Khan, the CBI apprised the district sessions court of the evidence against Rathore proving that he was involved in the conspiracy to kill liquor smugger Dara Singh.\"The court was told that the agency has enough evidence to prosecute Rathore in the case,\" Khan said.However, defence lawyers argued that there are some prosecution witnesses including Telia and Debuda who have criminal cases registered against them with the police. Despite that, their statements were recorded under Section 164 of CrPC. They requested the court not take these witnesses into consideration.Rathore was brought to the court under heavy security. A special CBI court had earlier committed for trial of the case against Rathore, who is in jail for the alleged fake encounter of the history-sheeter, Dara Singh.Though the court took cognizance of the offences alleged to have been committed by Rathore, it had listed out over 22 instances of ambiguity in the prosecution story, underlining the insufficient evidences against him.Rathore is currently lodged in Jaipur Central Jail on charges of stage managing the fake encounter of Dara Singh. It is alleged that Dara Singh was killed at the behest of some liquor mafias who had the patronage of Rathore. Suspended additional director general of police A K Jain, IG A Ponnuchami and some other police officers are also behind bards in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "13310973", "title": "Zindabad to an inquilab of empowerment", "text": "KOLLAM: Comrade Ramya Krishna had never heard of the word 'oss' till the other day. But today every time she repeats it after her karate instructor, it gives her a fresh bout of confidence; a wave of strength further tightens her muscles powering her punch and chop.She is one of the 50 women comrades getting trained in martial arts at a training camp organised by CPI at Karunagappally in Kollam. Interestingly, the state camp is happening at a time when its big brother is facing flak for alleged use of muscle power on political enemies.But an undeterred CPI is holding the camp to acknowledge a dream of its late secretary C K Chandrappan, who wanted the party to initiate training programmes with a view to imparting training in self-defence for women cadres.The 12-day state-level leadership camp will offer training for 50 women comrades from across the state in martial arts such as karate, kalari, kung fu and judo.The training is part of the state leadership camp organized by the party for its Jana Seva Dal or People's Service Corps (PSC). CPI leader K E Ismail, MP, told TOI that the idea was initiated as \"there is an urgent need for boosting confidence level of girls. They must be able to tackle any situation\".\"This camp is only a first step. We will organise such camps in other parts of the state in future as was the wish of Chandrappan,\" said R Ramesh, camp director and state captain of PSC.According to Ramya, the training camp is equipping her with the much-needed self-confidence and self-protection techniques .\"Today's women pass through a number of crises in family, workplace and during travel. They desperately need to be confident to brave such odds,\" she said.Apart from training in martial arts, experts will take classes on different topics in the camp which will conclude on May 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13310112", "title": "Anand Singh terms allegations of teachers' body as baseless", "text": "LUCKNOW: Reacting to the allegations levelled by the UP Secondary Education Teachers Association, agriculture minister Anand Singh on Saturday said that not only allegations are false and baseless, but the facts produced are misleading. The association had demanded removal of Singh and accused him of conducting anomalies as president of Colvin Taluqdar's College management.Singh said that he is not the president of the managing committee of the Colvin College. The post is held by commissioner, Lucknow division. As the president of the British India Association (BIA), Avadh, Singh said, \"I am ex-officio member of the college managing committee and do not have any executive power. Under the college rules, manager of the college managing committee is the chief executive.\" He also said that there are several other members in the management committee from diverse background, hence there is no question of college management being under his clout.Singh also said that his ministership has nothing to with presidentship of BIA. He said that he is the president of BIA for last four years, but association had no problem. However, he added, as soon as he became minister, association has started levelling false allegations. He also said that nothing wrong has taken place in the college. Singh also said that he will take appropriate action against the move of the association to defame him by making allegations without any proof. He said that he is an alumnus of the college and it has a very special place in his heart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13309929", "title": "Head: A fusion of brush strokes &amp; musical notes", "text": "Entertainment, when it gets into a rut, too can get boring. It is this thought that is making some city event organizers ensure there are a good many activities happening simultaneously at an event to keep the viewer interested. One way of doing that is to rope in an artist who paints live even as a musical or a dance show is in progress.The trend that began abroad is fast catching up with the musical and art community of the city. In a programme of K L Saigal's songs, a city-based art group set up a blank canvass and as the singer rendered various numbers, the artist dipped his brush to paint a riot of colours trying to match them with the mellifluous notes.Dr Ravi Wankhede, who organized the evening of Saigal's songs, describes such synergizing as free flow of creativity. He says this offer came from his artist friend Gurdip Kapoor. \"I personally feel an audience who comes in for a musical show would not like to get distracted. In the end, I was surprised to know they quite enjoyed it and appreciated the effort.\"Attributing this trend to the need for an artist to attain visibility, artist Kapoor says art has acquired a snob value which has made it difficult for the artist to reach out to viewers. \"Any performing art needs to be felt, absorbed, enjoyed and appreciated. At such an event, the artist depicts on the canvass through abstract drawings and use of colours, the feelings of the audience.\" Kapoor had also organized a similar event at a concert by santoor player Rahul Sharma . \"A painter works in isolation, such programmes provide him an opportunity to connect with an audience and showcase his work,\" he says.A recently held event that focused on birds had incorporated a painting competition and live painting by some city-based groups. The organizer of the event Milind Patil says it was a huge draw as all those who were there picked up a paper and sat down to paint. \"A single presentation can leave many viewers uninterested but such interactive events help in increasing the levels of participation,\" he adds.Patil feels that when an artist paints live he gets to bond with those watching him and ends up winning a few admirers. \"At a musical concert, numerous emotions float through the mind of the listeners. An artist who is painting live over there gets an opportunity to immortalize those feelings on canvass. This adds value and an association to that painting,\" he explains.City-based sculptor Shweta Bhattad finds this trend as one that benefits the artist in a big way. \"The work of a painter is seen only when it is done. A live performance creates connectivity. He gets an instant response and it gets interactive. The entire process of creating a work of art gets known to a host of people,\" she says.It is an enriching experience for the audience too as they get exposed to both the art forms. Rasika Kelkar, an amateur singer, describes it as a double delight. \"At a musical concert, the mind begins to float once the programme begins. But when you see an artist drawing your attention gets fixed on the canvass. I found it quite fascinating to watch the painter work up magic with his brush and paints. The music only added to the mood,\" she says.Intro: Branded biscuits, dog food, fresh grass and special fodder, she's living a charmed lifeThe scorching May heat does not seem to bother 10 month-old Gracie at all. She is comfortable under the dense shadow cover of a full grown mango tree, and her dark eyes gleam at the sight of an extra helping of the afternoon snack.Since the two weeks she arrived at the Ibrahim family house, Gracie has been getting the most attention among rest of the dozen pets and rightfully so as Gracie stands out among the dogs, cats, parrots and a parakeet. She is an unlikely and unusual choice for pet - Gracie is a donkey!She was adopted by 14-year-old Alina Ibrahim who has a special place for animals in her heart. Ever since her return to India two years ago, Alina has opened her home to abandoned animals providing them with shelter, food and most of all - love.But getting Gracie to her house, which is located on a 14-acre property at Gorewada, was no easy task. During one of her visits to the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SPCA) shelter last month, Alina was amazed to see an abandoned donkey.\"The moment I saw Gracie I knew she was special. Her mom had died after being bitten by a snake and Gracie had no one to take care of her. I went home and immediately asked my dad if we could adopt Gracie,\" recalls Alina as she pets her new best friend.Salim Ibrahim rolls over his eyes and smiles. \"I know - I have got Maneka Gandhi for a daughter. We moved to the US when Alina was an infant hence she was not aware of the cultural stigma attached to donkeys in India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13310304", "title": "Naveen Patnaik seek's SM Krishna's intervention", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Saturday sought the intervention of foreign minister SM Krishna to ensure justice to Indian workers stranded in Angola. Naveen, in a letter, asked Krishna to take up the matter with the Angolan government to help the workers get their lawful wages and facilitate return of those who want to come back.It is alleged that 1100 Indian workers, including over 140 Odias, were falsely implicated in criminal charges for demanding their lawful wages in the African country. Kendrapada MP Baijayant Panda also appealed to Krishna to help the stranded workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13309884", "title": "Goa University website to list legitimate institutes soon", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa University will soon upload on its website a list of recognized state-based institutes of higher education. Varsity registrar Vijayendra Kamat said the university is trying to upload this list before the start of the new academic year. He added that students could also verify if the institute they are joining is recognized or not by visiting the websites of the University Grants Commission and the Association of Indian Universities.\"Many institutes issue huge advertisements in newspapers to attract students, but students after joining realize the institutes are not recognized,\" said Kamat. He was addressing Saturday's inaugural of an education fair at Kala Academy, Panaji. A police press note on May 18 had told of a cheating case registered against the director of a Porvorim-based institute for fashion design, following a plaint filed by a first-year student.Warning the student-dominated audience against falling into the trap set by the ever-growing number of unrecognized institutes in Goa, chief secretary Sanjay Srivastava said, \"Please check the credibility of the different institutes promising various unique degrees. Once you join the wrong course, your future is marred.\"He felt it is also very important that institutes provide Class XI and XII students with career-counselling and information on their aptitude.Pointing out that education has turned into a flourishing business, Kala Academy chairman Vishnu Surya Wagh advised caution saying, \"Today, there are a lot of avenues available to students unlike before. Unfortunately, this has also led to a lot of confusion. An alarm has rightly been sounded by the Goa University registrar. More and more private institutes are entering Goa and while some are honest, others try to take advantage of the lack of knowledge among students about recognized institutes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13309672", "title": "Govt powerless to prevent electricity cuts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When it comes to power cuts, Haryana government is all at sea - it does not know when and which of it's power plants would stop producing, plunging many parts of the state, including Millennium City Gurgaon, in darkness without any notice.As Gurgaon reels under unexpected power outages, Haryana power minister says the unpredictability of the state's power plants has made it difficult to provide prior intimation to citizens about power outages. Recently, two of its big power plants, at Yamunanagar and Khedar in Hisar, suddenly stopped production, causing a shortfall of 1200 MW. At present, Haryana has three power plants, in Yamunanagar, Hisar and Panipat producing 3160 MW.In March, a sudden breakdown of turbines led to two units at Yamunanagar - with capacity of 300 MW each - and a unit of 600 MW in Hisar to stop production. Again, in the last week of April, another breakdown in the Hisar plant led to shortage of 600 MW. Last week, the Panipat plant stopped functioning, causing a shortfall of about 110 MW.\"Disruptions in power production have been unexpected. This makes it impossible for us to intimate in advance. We have floated tenders for repair work,\" said Haryana power minister Captain Ajay Yadav. \"It is important, especially in a city like Gurgaon, to provide information about power outages in advance so that people can plan accordingly. We will try our best to provide as much advance information we can through various media about,\" said Capt Yadav.\"Gurgaon will get uninterrupted power once the upcoming 660 MW plant at Jhajhar is commissioned,\" he added. The state is expected to face minimum shortage of around 288 lakh units daily on account of forced outage of these units till the end of June.Recent Unscheduled BreakdownsPlant--------------Units--------Production Hit -------MonthYamunanagar-----2-----------600 MW-----MarchHisar ------------1------------600-------------AprilPanipat------------1------------110--------------May", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13308011", "title": "Mayawati hints at supporting UPA nominee for presidential poll", "text": "NEW DELHI: BSP boss Mayawati on Saturday indicated that she could support a UPA nominee in the presidential poll, underscoring Congress's comfortable position in the looming political contest.Addressing a press conference, where she savaged UP's young CM for alleged misrule, Mayawati said: \"Our party is keeping an eye on all the parties on the issue of the Presidential nominee. We first want to see what candidate UPA and NDA field. As soon as they announce their candidates, we will take a decision. We will support the candidate, who is suitable to us.\"Although the former UP CM said that she was waiting also for NDA to announce its candidate, her first interaction with national Capital's media after her defeat in assembly polls saw Mayawati drawing a distinction between the political blocs led by Congress and BJP . Asked about the apprehension that the UPA government might not last its full term, she said that BSP was supporting the coalition at the Centre to stop communal forces (read BJP). \"We are supporting the UPA government at the Centre to weaken the communal forces. We are supporting it from outside and not inside the government. The question as to whether it will complete its full term or not, should be asked to the allies of the government,\" Mayawati said.She spoke about BSP's goal to keep communal forces at bay again when asked why she had to put up with Congress after the latter attacked her during the UP campaign.Mayawati's definition of what constitutes her party's line has been elastic enough to justify significant turns.Significantly, she was completely indifferent to the pitch by Tamil Nadu and Odisha CMs for P A Sangma. \"I am hearing about Sangma from you only or through the newspapers. But there is no clarity. So I am unable to say anything\", Mayawati said, virtually dismissing the candidature of the former Lok Sabha Speaker.Her lack of enthusiasm for possible attempt to revive Third Front - an alliance of parties which are part of neither the UPA nor NDA - also came through clearly. Asked about the speculation of a fresh effort to revive the experiment, she tersely said, \"We have not thought about it. I don't want to get into that trap.\"The press conference also saw the BSP enhancing the need for SP to cultivate the Centre for early infusion of central funds in UP so that Akhilesh Yadav can swiftly implement the populist promises that helped him win the assembly polls. Saying that SP won because it misled people with fake promises, she taunted the state government to deliver on his promise to distribute free laptops to all students who have passed Class X exams, write off electricity dues of farmers, dole for unemployed and others. She stressed that the UP did not have the financial wherewithal to implement the promises.The estimate in political circles is that SP's need for funds it will need to redeem its pledges may lead Mulayam Singh Yadav to support Congress in presidential poll. SP leaders have also recently submitted a memorandum to the PM to demand a financial package from the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13308362", "title": "2 coaches gutted at Falaknuma rail station", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two coaches of the shuttle service train operating between Falaknuma and Umdanagar were gutted when a fire broke out at Falaknuma railway station on Saturday afternoon. There were no casualties.The three-coach Falaknuma-Umdanagar DHMU was preparing to depart from Falaknumna Railway Station when railway officials noticed smoke coming out from the first coach around 12.20 pm. Passengers rushed oust of the train as the railway officials began to douse the fire with hand-held extinguishers. The fire control room received a call at 12.35 pm and fire engines from Chandulal Baradari, Moghulpura and Musheerabad were pressed into service. Fire personnel arrived by 12.45 pm and brought the flames under control in about an hour. By the time the fire was extinguished two coaches were completely burnt while the third of the three coach train was partially burnt.SCR spokesperson K Sambasiva Rao said that the cause of fire could not be determined due to its huge nature. A probe would be conducted into the incident to determine the cause, he added.The fire caused disruption of MMTS services to Falaknuma as South Central Railway (SCR) authorities switched off overhead electric traction as a precautionary measure. MMTS trains between Secunderabad and Falaknuma, and Kacheguda and Falaknuma were partially cancelled. The authorities also cancelled DHMU trains running between Umdanagar and Falaknuma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13310267", "title": "Man gets lifer for killing cousin", "text": "NAGPUR: District and sessions judge SI Pathan has sentenced the cousin of a murder victim and another person to life imprisonment as they were found guilty of committing the crime a year ago at Shivapur in Bhiwapur taluka. The third accused, Sarjerao Gomkar, was acquitted.A property dispute in the family had led to the murder of Vishwanath Gomkar (58) while he was alone at his farm. He was brutally stabbed to death by his cousin, Sanjay Gomkar (39), Rajendra Choudhary (26) and Sarjerao. The three accused had fled the spot while Vishwanath was rushed to a private hospital in Nagpur where he succumbed to stab injuries during treatment.The court found Sanjay Gomkar and Choudhary guilty and were sentenced to life imprisonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13309960", "title": "Tribal unrest in Wayanad gets political colour", "text": "KANNUR: Land agitations by tribals in Wayanad seem to have been usurped by political parties.The new phase of stir has been launched by the pro-CPM Adivasi Kshema Samiti (AKS) in the first week of May has now been taken up CPI, Congress, BJP and the Kerala Adivasi Forum, an independent organization.\"Our demand is that every tribal family should get at least an acre of land. Till this demand is met we will continue to protest,\" said E A Sankaran, the AKS state committee member.A group of tribal families have already encroached forest land at a few places including Cheeyambam in Irulam village and Vanjot in Thondarnadu panchayat.However, the main focus of the agitators is the teak plantation in Cheeyambam where AKS claims that more than 600 tribal families have occupied the land.\"More than 1,500 families are part of the agitation,\" said Sankaran. Currently land agitations are on in nearly 15 places in the district.Meanwhile, Kerala Adivasi Forum state president and tribal leader B V Bolan has said that CPM has now launched the agitation to divert attention of masses from other issues.\"If they were sincere, they would have got land to tribals when they were in power,\" he said.He also alleged that though Rs 50 crore has been earmarked by the Centre to address tribal issues, not even a paisa has been utilized. Political parties have no interest in tribal welfare,\" he said.Incidentally, the forum, with the support of Adivasi Congress, affiliated to the Congress, has organized the agitation at Cheeyambam 73 and Irulam Cheeyambam.However, Bolan claims that the forum launched the stir independently.Currently nearly 12,000 tribal families have no land and a similar number live on just five cents of land or even less.Sankaran said the demand is to provide sufficient land for farming which is central to the survival of tribals.Interestingly, most of the tribals are not aware of what they are fighting for. \"Leader (Sankaran) told us that we would get land here for farming, so we have built the hut here,\" said Omana, a tribal woman from Mananthavady.\"Comrade Sankaran has told us not to vacate this land,\" said Mary, an agitator from Kolathur in Pulpally.\"Three years ago we were evicted out of this place though we fought for a few months, but this time we will not leave the place till we are given land for farming,\" she said.Kannur: In a curious turn of events, almost all political parties in Kerala have turned their attention towards the adivasis in Wayanad even as the state is passing through a turbulent political situation.The new phase of agitation, started by pro-CPM Adivasi Kshema Samiti (AKS) in the first week of May, has been taken up by various organisations, including the CPI, Congress and the BJP, and the Kerala Adivasi Forum, which is an independent organization. And now land agitation is going on in nearly 15 places in the district.\"Whoever be ruling the state, our demand is that every adivasi family should get at least one acre of land, and till that demand is met, we will continue the struggle,\" said E A Sankaran, the state committee member of Adivasi Kshema Samiti (AKS), a pro-CPM organisation, under the aegis of which one group of around adivasi families have encroached the vested forestland at a few places in the district, including Cheeyambam in Irulam village and Vanjot in Thondarnadu panchayath. In the coming days more places would be occupied, he claims.However, the main focus is on the teak plantation in Cheeyambam, where AKS claims to have brought more than 600 families. Totally more than 1500 families are part of the agitation under AKS in various places, claims Sankaran though his rivals say this is an exaggerated amount.Incidentally, AKS had launched an agitation in 2010 too and encroached the land occupied by M V Sreyamskumar MLA. But it was called off following the intervention of the then Chief Minister V S Achuthanandan.The CPM has now launched the land agitation to divert the attention of the people from many other issues, says B V Bolan, a tribal leader and the state president of Kerala Adivasi Forum. If they were sincere, they would have got the land to the adivasis when the LDF was in power, he points out.\"Though Rs 50 crore has been given by the central government for the settlements of tribal communities here, not even a single paisa has been utilised out of it and our political parties have no interest in the welfare of the adivasis,\" he alleges.Though the government and district administration have promised to meet their demands in a couple of months, the Forum would not withdraw from the agitation till is meets the goal, according to him.Incidentally, the Forum has organised the agitation at Cheeyambam 73 and Irulam Cheeyambam with the support of the Adivasi Congress, affiliated to the Congress party. However, he claims that the Forum launched the agitation independently and later the Adivasi Congress too started agitation in the same place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13312676", "title": "Raima at a filmi party in Kolkata", "text": "It's an urban take on the lives of highprofile escorts who operate in the city. But when the cast and crew of Subrata Sen's \"Koyekti Meyer Golpo\" came together at The Park on Friday for a pre-release party, the girls seemed to have all the fun.Among the who's who present at the do, we spotted the still ravishing Moon Moon Sen with Habi, actors Parno, Locket, Mumtaz and Tanusree. A surprise guest was the very beautiful Tamil actor Anuya Bhagvath. The presence of city models such as Sweety added glamour to the party. \"This is a one-of-a-kind film. One good reason for watching it can be that there are five very hot girls in the film,\" laughed Parno. \"It is a bold film, but not raunchy at all.Subratada has handled it cleverly and made a very comical film. The protagonists are actually good girls and have been forced into the profession because of some tragedy or the other. Each has a different story and have their own way of coping with the system. My character Shaoni is trapped into it because her husband owns the agency. Shooting the bold scenes was a bit of a problem because I am a bit shy but thankfully I managed it,\" said Mumtaz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13308784", "title": "Jalgaon housing scam: Another state minister faces arrest", "text": "MUMBAI: The law seems to be finally catching up with minister of state for transport and senior NCP leader Gulabrao Deokar for his alleged involvement in a 1997 Jalgaon housing scam. Deokar, who was a member of the Jalgaon Municipal Council between 1995 and 2000, has been summoned at the district superintendent of police office on Monday and is likely to be arrested when he presents himself.Additional SP Ishu Sindhu probing the Rs 46-crore scam had summoned 46 former corporators including Deokar before him. Of the 46, only 25 turned up on Saturday and all were arrested. However, Deokar didn't turn up. \"Since he did not come, a fresh notice has been served on him and he has been asked to present himself on Monday. As per the provisions of law, he will be arrested,\" a senior IPS official said.Of the 25 former corporators who presented themselves, 15 were granted bail while the rest were sent to police custody. \"We have sent notices to all those 21 persons, including Deokar, to be present before Sindhu on May 21,\" the senior official said.On Saturday, of the 25 former corporators who presented themselves, 15 were granted bail while the rest were sent to police custody. So far, 38 persons including former housing minister and Shiv Sena MLA Sureshdada Jain have been arrested for their alleged role in the scam.The scam relates to construction of 11,000 low-cost houses in Jalgaon. A tender was floated by the Jalgaon Municipal Council in 1997 and it promised to provide nine plots for the project. Over a period of time, it was found that the tender conditions were altered to ensure that Khandesh Builders, a front company for Jain, secured the contract. Of the promised nine plots, five did not belong to the Jalgaon council and the remaining four were reserved for school, public garden or hospitals.Though the project never took off, massive funds were allegedly given to Khandesh Builders and later it was found that a sizeable proportion of it was funneled into the account of companies controlled by Jain.After getting specific complaints, the then chief executive officer of the Jalgaon Municipal Council lodged a first information report on February 3, 2006. However, with the leading politicians of the area involved in it, the probe made no progress.It only gathered momentum after Sindhu took charge of it last year. Besides securing crucial documents from the housing and urban development corporation and the urban development department, Sindhu recorded the statements of all the accused in the case.When the statement of Deokar was recorded, Sindhu found that Jain, whose name did not figure in it, was directly involved in the scam. Sindhu arrested Jain on March 11 this year and was in the process of gathering more evidence against Deokar. A week ago, Sindhu sent notices to 46 former corporators, directing them to appear before him for recording statements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13309603", "title": "Madras University bans scholar for plagiarism", "text": "CHENNAI: The University of Madras has rejected a research scholar's doctoral thesis on charges of plagiarism and has banned the student from re-registering for the degree at the university.\"Plagiarism has affected the quality of research papers. Quality is very important. With this action, we want to send out a strong message that the University of Madras will not stand by such practices and ask colleges and guides to be very careful while selecting projects,\" vice-chancellor G Thiruvasagam said.Declining to reveal the name of the candidate or his guide, Thiruvasagam said, \"The foreign examiners who looked through the candidate's thesis refused to recommend a PhD saying some passages were copied from other articles. Local examiners had cleared the thesis.\" He said action would also be taken against the guide. \"It is the guide's responsibility to be cautious while checking the thesis for such issues,\" Thiruvasagam said.The vice-chancellor said the university had been receiving several complaints about plagiarized research papers when he was attending a public event in February. He said the university was considering procuring a software called Turnitin for Rs 15 lakh to check for plagiarized passages in research papers.Speaking to TOI on Saturday, Thiruvasagam said the university would use software that can be accessed through Inflibnet, an autonomous body of the University Grants Commission that allows sharing of library and information resources among academic and research institutions, to check for plagiarised titles or passages in a research paper.Plagiarism reared its ugly head in February when a top scientist and advisor to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, CNR Rao, had to apologize to a leading scientific journal for reproducing work by other scientists in a research paper.\"The corresponding authors sincerely apologize to the readers, reviewers, and editors for this oversight and for any miscommunication,\" Rao and his co-author S B Krupanidhi had said in an apology. to Advanced Materials, a peer-reviewed journal covering materials science.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "13311631", "title": "Sri Lankan president signs order to release former army chief", "text": "COLOMBO: Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa has signed the papers for the release of the former army chief Sarath Fonseka from jail prior to his departure to Qatar, presidential spokesman Bandula Jayasekera told reporters here.The papers were handed over to presidential chief of staff Gamini Senarath for onward transmission to the ministry of justice on Monday.Rajapaksa departed here on Saturday night on a state visit to Qatar.Sarath Fonseka is currently serving a three-year jail term having been convicted by the high court in what was termed as the 'white flag' case.He was charged of causing public disaffection of the state through his statement that the senior defence establishment had ordered killing of LTTE formers who turned up at the army with white flags during the final day of the military clashes in May 2009.Expectations for Fonseka's release mounted when his wife Anoma Fonseka said Rajapaksa had expressed desire to release the army chief.Fonseka the military chief credited for government forces' win over the LTTE fell out with his commander-in-chief Rajapaksa immediately after the war ended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13310583", "title": "War on dowry goes global", "text": "MANGALORE: They are young and it was one of the most deplorable systems prevalent in their community that prompted them to work under one umbrella.After making their voice heard in the coastal area, the Youth Against Dowry (YAD), a forum formed by a few socially committed youngsters in the city, is all set to spread its wings.Determined to make Muslim community free from the evil of dowry, the forum will open its branch in Dubai and kickstart its campaign in Gulf countries.YAD will organize the first anti-dowry campaign in association with the Karavali Welfare Association in Dubai from May 25 to June 8.YAD member Zahir Shah told STOI that the objective of the campaign is to create awareness against dowry among hundreds of Muslim community members of Coastal Karnataka who are residing in Dubai. \"We will hold meetings and make religious leaders to talk on the evil effects of dowry. We will open the branch of YAD in Dubai shortly,\" he added. YAD Puttur unit coordinator Abdurrasheed Zaini Kakkinje, religious leaders Alavi Kutti Hudavi Dubai and Azgarali Thangal Kolpe will inaugurate the campaign in Dubai city on May 25. Vishwa Kannadiga News editor C H Abdul Hameed will be the guest, Zahir said.The valedictory of the campaign will be held at Mutheena Indian Islamic Centre Auditorium in Dubai on June 8. On the occasion, several social and religious leaders will deliver talk on the topic, 'Oppose dowry - save community'.Zahir, an anti-dowry activist, had produced a documentary titled 'Urulu' to raise awareness against dowry. The documentary explains the plight a few Muslim families in the region who fell victim to the evil effects of the prevalent system. It was screened at many places in Dakshina Kannada district.YAD DK district president Farhan Mohammed said the movement against dowry menace will be continued. The organization will start its branches in all taluks. \"Awareness will be created on the Dowry Prevention Act of 1961 among community members in each Jama Aths,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13308349", "title": "Sudha betters own national mark, misses Olympic bus", "text": "BANGALORE: Sudha Singh bettered her own national record by nearly six seconds but still narrowly missed the Olympic qualification mark as she finished 11th while competing against the world's best in the second leg of the IAAF Diamond League in Shanghai on Saturday.The 25-year-old clocked 9 minutes, 49.25 seconds to vastly improve upon her own record of 9:55.67 which she clocked to win the Asian Games gold in Guangzhou in 2010. However, her superb effort was marginally off the pace as she missed the Olympic B qualification mark of 9:48.00 seconds.The gold medal went to Milcah Chemos of Kenya who blazed the track in 9:15.81 to set a new meet record and this year's world's leading time. Ethiopian Sofia Assefa (9:16.83) and Kenyan Lidya Chepkuruyi (9:22.66) took the silver and bronze medals.The Rae Bareli athlete is training abroad for the last four months along with Preeja Sreedharan, Kavita Raut and OP Jaisha under renowned Italian coach Claudio Berardelli. Sudha travelled to Shanghai from Brescia, Italy along with some other trainees of Berardelli. The Indian quartet moved to Italy last week after a four-month stint in Eldoret in Kenya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13309184", "title": "Gadget to test road quality", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Corporation will employ a new inspector to test the quality of newly-laid roads - a machine. The compaction meter, which resembles a lawn mower, will be placed on the road to study if the road mix is dense and strong enough to last at least a year.The civic body has ordered for the compaction meter, which is being widely used by civic bodies in Gujarat and Delhi. The machine, when placed on the road, will send electromagnetic waves that would penetrate the road surface up to 40mm and bounces back. \"Reading the reflected waves, a sensor detects empty spaces between gravel and tar,\" said a corporation official. The lesser the empty space, the denser and stronger the road. Also known as a 'pavement quality indicator,' it is manufactured in the US. If it finds the machine useful, the civic body will consider buying a few more, an official said.Besides an in-house quality control team and a technical audit cell, the corporation has decided to appoint external third party quality control monitors who will go to different sites and work with corporation officials, but submit an independent report to the commissioner. External quality control monitors are also a requirement for all projects funded by the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission. \"We have got a list of engineering firms from the panel. We will select a few and discuss the rates,\" said a corporation official.The engineers and firms are recommended by the state quality monitoring committee, and are a part of the permanent panel of engineers. The panel has been sending people for highways projects for a few years now.Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan says this would bring transparency into road quality checks. \"I would get a direct report from them. We have employed some quality control monitors for our storm water drain projects and are happy with the process,\" he said.The civic body's quality control team consisting of senior engineers goes on night rounds to sites where the mix is brought in and laid. There is also a centralised lab at Chetpet, where the corporation checks samples. The quality of the road is ensured by checking the bitumen content, the level of penetration, road thickness. A sieve test is conducted on the raw mix.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "13310783", "title": "With new 245,000 volt facility, JSL Industries Limited eyes Rs 100 crore turnover", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: Anand-based JSL Industries Ltd, a group company of Vadodara-based Jyoti Ltd , is eyeing a turnover of Rs 100 crore in the next three years.JSL on Saturday inaugurated its new manufacturing facilities for instrument transformers up to 245 kV at Mogar near Anand at the hands of managing director of Gujarat Energy Transmission Corporation Ltd (GETCO) S K Negi.\"We have invested Rs 10 crore for setting up these new facilities with which JSL has achieved the distinction of becoming one of the very few companies in the country that can supply complete range of 3.3 kV to 245 kV current transformers (CTs)/potential transformers (PTs),\" chairman Rahul Amin told media persons.\"Recently, by supplying 625 CTs/PTs in 90 days, JSL emerged as one of the largest suppliers of 66kV CTs/PTs when Gujarat government set up 600 MW solar power generation capacity,\" said Amin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "13309092", "title": "Kidnapped minor girl rescued from Dholpur", "text": "ALWAR: The anti-human trafficking bureau of Dholpur police on Friday rescued a minor girl who had been kidnapped from Madhya Pradesh's Morena district a year ago. The police said that the victim had given birth to a girlchild a fortnight back. She has been handed over to her parents while the search for those who had abducted her is going on.According to bureau's in-charge Rajendra Chouhan, the victim is a resident of Chinnoni police station area in Morena. \"She had been kidnapped. The parents of the girl approached the district SP on Friday saying they suspect that the girl was at Jagriyapura village under Sepau police station area of Dholpur district,\" said Chouhan.He added that the SP had asked the bureau to investigate the case following which a raid was conducted at the village. \"She was found living in a house there. However, the family residing there was missing ,\" said the officer.\"We rescued the girl who had given birth to a girl child just a fortnight back. She says that she had not married the man who fathered the child. The police have registered a case of rape also against the accused man. He and his family members are being searched,\" said the officer.Several cases of girls' being abducted from UP and Madhya Pradesh and forced into marriage by people in Dholpur have been reported in the recent past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13309670", "title": "Power cuts due to pending infrastructural work: Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited", "text": "NASHIK: The erratic power suply in Nashik is a result of incomplete infrastructural work, which the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) is racing against time to clear before May 31, officials said.\"The Infra-I work was to be completed by March 31, but the deadline has been extended till May 31. Though all major work has been finished, smaller tasks are taking time, and that is why there are frequent power cuts in small pockets at a time,\" superintending engineer, MSEDCL, Hiralal Rajput said. tnnRajput added that the it was the main reason for the power cuts and efforts would be taken to minimise the interruptions.The data from sub-stations was collected to verify the complaints by the consumers about frequent power cuts. \"We have to admit that there have been short power interruptions in large frequencies - largely because of earth-faults and breakdowns. We therefore called the meeting of the engineers asking them to set things - related to minor problems and trimming of trees, etc. in next one or two days only. We have also asked them to club the works related to Infra-1 to minimise interruptions,\" Rajput said.The citizens were vexed by the frequent power cuts ranging from one minute to several hours for more number of times in a day. This hampered their business schedules. Though the officials earlier attributed the interruptions to hailstorms, but the consumers claimed that interruptions were even before the city was lashed with rains.\"Taking stock of the situation from period prior to the city receiving hail storms, we have learnt that the earthing-faults, breakdowns had resulted in load transfers which further led to tripping of some lines. They were set right immediately but that added to the tally of interruptions causing uneasiness to the citizens,\" Rajput said.The officials further said that generally advertisements were flashed when works related to high tension or planned outage, were to be carried out. \"These were very small issues for which we did not give advertisements. Besides, there were other reasons like poor live conductors, instruments that caused interruptions and they will be taken care of,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13317879", "title": "'Hafta' discord: US, Pak squabble over transit fee", "text": "WASHINGTON: The United States is all too familiar with Nafta - the North Atlantic Free trade Agreement - but it is now learning the meaning of 'hafta', the subcontinental expression for protection money collected by gangsters.On the eve of the Nato summit in President Barack Obama's hometown Chicago to discuss the future of Afghanistan , Washington is locked in a bitter wrangle with Islamabad over the so-called ''transit fees'' for US/Nato containers carrying supplies through Pakistan to landlocked Afghanistan. Pakistan is demanding $5000 per container; the US says it is too much and expressions such as price-gouging and blackmail are being bandied around.The scrap is getting ugly. Over the weekend, even as Pakistan's survivalist President Asif Ali Zardari arrived in Chicago as a late invitee, US defense secretary Leon Panetta stepped into the dispute raging in the lower level bureaucracy of both sides, ruling out the $ 5000 per container that Pakistan is demanding.\"Considering the financial challenges that we're facing, that's not likely,\" Panetta told Los Angeles Times of the Pakistani demand.The US was paying Pakistan $250 per contained till late last year before a rash of crises starting with the Raymond Davis episode and culminating with the Salala incident, with the Abbottabad raid to kill Osama bin Laden in between, brought the tormented ties between the two sides to a bitter pass. Pakistan has upped the ante and the price of cooperation since then, enhancing its reputation as a rentier state that uses self-generated crises to extract money. Islamabad's argument purportedly is that $5000 per container is still less than what the US is having to spend on the alternative Northern Distribution Network.In Washington, Pakistan's ambassador to the United States Sherry Rehman told CNN that Pakistan is looking at a 'positive' conversation about reopening of Nato supply routes but it will be pre-mature to say when the trucks will resume supply. She also maintained that Pakistan is still demanding an apology from Washington for the death of Pakistani soldiers in a U.S attack on the Salala checkpoint.But the US has hardened its stance on the issue after much debate within the administration about an apology. According to one account, the Obama administration was on the verge of issuing an apology on several occasions but backed off each time in the face of Pakistani depredations, including one episode involving Secretary of State Hillary Clinton when it was aborted midflight. The prevailing sentiment in Washington is now veering around to: When will Pakistan apologize to the world for harboring terrorists who have attacked targets across the world?The US is now reconciled to the issue not being resolved before or during the summit, and in yet another snub to Pakistan, it has declined to announce any bilateral meeting between President Obama and Zardari. \"We're not anticipating necessarily closing out those negotiations this weekend,\" Obama aide Ben Rhodes said on Saturday, adding, \"A lot of it is happening, frankly, at the working level between our governments.\" The working level, as it turns outs, isn't working very well.The spat between the two sides is bound to get uglier. Last week, the US Congress approved an amendment to a bill under which Washington could block up to $650 million in proposed payments to Pakistan unless Islamabad lets coalition forces resume shipments. The vote was an overwhelming 412-1 in favor of the amendment, indicative of the mood in Congress. The US also has various other levers to bring Pakistan to heel, including squeezing bilateral and multilateral aid, which it has so far been reluctant to use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13310331", "title": "Stormy Nagpur University meet ends with all issues kept in abeyance", "text": "NAGPUR: The emergent meeting of the Board of Examination (BoE) held on Saturday was a stormy affair, but ended without even a single decision being made. There were only three items on the agenda and the irony was that one of them was beyond its purview!The meeting scheduled for noon started almost an hour late and when the members got to the third and last agenda about the examination fee hike, they realized that it was not within their purview. On condition of anonymity, a source, who attended the meeting, said, \"The exam fee hike is an issue which has to be discussed in the management council and has no place in the BoE.\"Outside the university office, members of Shiv Sena and Congress' student wings protested against the fee hike. While the Sainiks burnt an effigy of vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal, the National Students Union of India (NSUI) members protested with begging bowls - portraying NU as a destitute.On the other hand, inside the university office, meeting got stormier with the issue of withdrawing show cause notices sent to all striking teachers, since their agitation had ended. But one of the members opposed the move saying it cannot be done unless the government issued directives to the effect.The biggest showdown came when the paper leak issue, a news TOI broke, came up for discussion. Sapkal promply told the members that a police complaint had already been lodged. Another source in the meeting, said, \"We asked him if the NU would conduct the exam again in case the police concluded after six months of investigation that the paper was leaked. By then the students would have moved on to higher classes.\"A source in the VC office said that one of the members was unhappy over the conduct of BoE meetings, especially the one held on Saturday. Apparently some of the members were informed only on Friday about the meeting and even then the agenda was not informed. To this, the VC apparently replied that since it was an emergent meeting they were short of time to complete the entire process.However, the news of the BoE meeting was already doing the rounds in the media couple of days earlier along with the agendas to be discussed. The BoE meeting ended within an hour with all matters kept in abeyance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13310533", "title": "Test runs of laser show on at Neelam Park", "text": "BHOPAL: State capital's first amusement park laced with laser show and musical fountain will be dedicated to the residents by June.The laser show at Neelam park, inspired by the Lumbini park of Hyderabad, is being given a final touch by the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) and test runs are being made to make it glitch free.\"We will be conducting tests for a week so that when we inaugurate the musical fountain and laser show, it functions smoothly,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said.The BMC had sanctioned Rs 1.8 crore for the construction of the park last year. The corporation had in January this year passed the proposal to charge an entry fee of Rs 20 per children aged between 5 and 12 while for adults the entry fee will be Rs 40 per person. Children up to 5 years of age will be allowed free entry in the park.The amusement park will have musical fountain and an auditorium for 500 people. There will be two shows, each of 25 minutes of duration, divided into three parts.First 15 minutes of will be dedicated to musical fountain which will be followed by 5-minute video projection and 5-minute laser show on the history of Bhopal.The park will also be equipped with parking facilities for 60 four-wheelers and 100 two-wheelers, for the convenience of the audiences.The laser show at Neelam park has been inspired by the Lumbini park of Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13309297", "title": "Evaluators for preserving flawless answer sheets", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An examiner once wrote on the answer sheet of Dr Rajendra Prasad , the first President of India, \"Examinee knows better than examiner\" and the answer sheet was eventually preserved. That was a century ago.On similar lines Panjab University is now mooting a proposal sent by certain college evaluators who have been finding \"flawless answer sheets\" during marking process this season and have suggested preserving these.In a proposal sent on behalf of the evaluators by a teacher of Post-graduate Government College for Girls, Sector 42 and a PU senator Dilip Kumar to PU Vice Chancellor, it has been recommended \"To upload the best attempted answer sheets or model answer sheets,\" citing the case of the answer sheet of Rajendra Prasad. This way, other students would have a fair idea of how to attempt the questions, claim these teachers.\"The suggestion of evaluators is a welcome move. Even the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has been following a similar mechanism. We will upload the model answer sheets from different subjects on the web portal for students to know how to attempt the exam well. If the evaluators identity such papers for us, we will preserve them,\" says A K Bhandari, PU registrar and controller of examination (CoE) taking cognizance of evaluators' suggestion.Kumar says, \"There are certain extraordinary students who attempt their question papers so well that the examiner cannot find a reason to deduct a single mark. This has been reported by several evaluators. The best attempted sheets must be kept aside as a sample to show students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13316206", "title": "Gaga greeted by Christian protestors in Philippines", "text": "Lady Gaga, who is on her Born this Way tour, arrived in the Philippines on Saturday to cheers from fans and protests from young Christians calling for the cancellation of her upcoming concerts.About 200 Christian young people marched in Manila for a second straight day, holding placards urging the singer to \"respect our faith, stop the blasphemy\".The Biblemode Youth Philippines members plan to hold a vigil starting on Sunday near the concert venue. They said they are offended by the singer's music, particularly her song Judas, which they said mocks Jesus Christ.But throngs of shrieking, camera-toting fans mobbed her, seeking her autograph as she walked into her hotel surrounded by bodyguards. She arrived in Manila late on Saturday on a private jet.Authorities in the conservative, majority Roman Catholic country approved the concerts, set for Monday and Tuesday, but said they won't allow nudity or lewd acts.Sold-out crowds and angry protests have followed Lady Gaga's \"Born This Way\" Asian tour.Fans younger than 18-years-old were banned from concerts in South Korea over complaints her lyrics and costumes were too provocative, and she was denied a concert permit in Indonesia by police under pressure from Islamic hard-liners.Riot police stopped Saturday's marchers about a kilometre away from the concert venue. Phalanxes of security guards stood on alert in front of the arena.\"She declared a distorted view toward Jesus Christ and for us Biblical Christians it is offensive,\" News24 quoted Ruben Abante, a protest leader, as saying.\"Her music and everything about her is different from what our values are,\" Abante said.Organisers from Ovation Productions said they respect the beliefs of critics but promised that the performances \"will not pose a threat to their sense of morality and conduct\".Under Philippine law, people who offend race or religion can be sentenced to up to six years in prison, although no one has been convicted recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13308226", "title": "Erring officer to pay for babus' pension delay", "text": "NEW DELHI: Acting on recommendation of a parliamentary committee, the government has directed all ministries and departments to strictly adhere to the timeline for disbursing post-retirement benefits to retired public servants and to take action against those who cause 'delay'.Penalty against erring officials would include recovery of 'penal interest' from their salaries.Under the existing rules, pension of retiring public servant has to be authorized on hhis last working day, while PF claims have to be settled within 30 days.Though the specific rules for disbursement of Provident Fund (PF), gratuity and pension have been in the statute book for long, they are often adhered to, leading the ministry of personnel to send a 'reminder' to all the central ministries.Referring to the rules, the ministry reminded all other ministries of the provision which makes labour commissioners and dealing officials or head of office liable for delay in disbursing PF and gratuity, respectively, to retired public servants.The parliamentary panel - standing committee on home affairs - in one of its reports had noted that the 'delay' not only causes distress to retired babus, but puts additional burden on the exchequer in the form of huge interest that courts and Central Administrative Tribunal impose for delay in disbursal of superannuation benefits.Taking note of the Committee's observation, the ministry of personnel has through its office memorandum (OM) advised all departments to either pay all the post-retirement dues to public servants without any delay or sanction \"provisional pension\" wherever delays are anticipated.\"Thus, in case where regular pension is not authorized at the time of retirement, provisional pension should invariably be sanctioned,\" said the ministry's OM on May 1.In case of gratuity, it said: \"Once it has been decided to pay the gratuity, the amount should be paid immediately pending a decision regarding payment of interest. This would reduce the interest liability, if any, on payment of delayed gratuity.\"Reminding the labour ministry's rules for Provident Fund, the ministry of personnel made it clear that \"in case the commissioner fails without sufficient cause to settle claim complete in all respects within 30 days , he or she will be liable for the delay beyond the said period and penal interest at the rate of 12% per annum may be charged on the benefit amount and the same may be deducted from the salary of the commissioner\".Similarly, in respect of delayed payment of gratuity wherever it results in payment of penal interest, secretary of the administrative ministry of department is authorized to fix responsibility at all levels to recover the amount from the concerned dealing official, supervisor and head of office \"in proportion to their salary\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13308593", "title": "12 mountaineers from Pune scaled Mount Everest", "text": "PUNE: A dozen mountaineers from Pune scaled the Mount Everest on Saturday morning. Sagarmatha Giryarohan Sanstha and Giripremi - the two city groups - announced success of their respective expeditions on their Facebook pages.Tekraj Adhikari and Krishna Dhokle of Giripremi touched the summit first around 8.45 am followed by six others of the same group who reached the world's highest peak in the afternoon.The 20-member team of Giripremi mountaineering club is the fifth civilian expedition from India to the Everest so far and the first wherein 20 mountaineers from the same city participated. After leaving Pune on March 16, the team reached the Island peak, one of the main climbing peaks of the Everest area, to acclimatize with the conditions. On March 19, President Pratibha Patil handed over the national flag to them at Delhi, after which the crew left for Kathmandu .The team reached the base camp and waited there till the weather became favorable. On May 16, the team left the base camp and started its upward journey for camp one and camp two (6,462 meters), which is the first stage. On the following day morning the team reached camp three (7470 meters) after climbing stiff ascent of about 60 to 70 degrees. On May 18, the team reached camp four, which is at a height of 7,920 meters.The expedition became tougher with winds blowing at a speed of 100 kms/ hour and temperature dropping significantly. However, the team succeeded in reaching 'South Col' point by afternoon on May 18. The final climb began around 9 pm.Adhikari and Dhokle reached the top on early Saturday morning. Niranjan Palsule, expedition coordinator of Giripremi said, \"Of the second team, Rupesh Khopde, Ashish Mane, Rahul Yelange, Chetan Ketkar, Prasad Joshi and Surendra Jalihal reached in the afternoon. Anand Mali and Ganesh More had to come back midway due to failure of oxygen mask.\"President of Giripremi Anand Palande said the expedition was organised to attract attention of youth towards mountaineering. Umesh Zirpe, leader of the expedition, congratulated his team. \"Besides our team, the citizens of Maharashtra, especially the residents of Pune, have played a significant role in this achievement,\" said Zirpe from the base camp.Two attempts were made by civilian groups from Maharashtra in 1992 and 1998. City mountaineer Surendra Chavan was part of the 1998 expedition that successfully scaled the Everest. \"It is a great achievement for the mountaineers and trekkers of the state,\" said Chavan on Saturday's success.Meanwhile, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said that it is proud moment for Maharashtra, Besides, it is also the first team to climb Everest this year, he said. MP Vandana Chavan, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and MNS chief Raj Thackeray congratulated the team.(With inputs from agencies)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13309093", "title": "17 bullocks rescued from container", "text": "MUMBAI: Animal activists of an NGO, Karuna Parivar Trust, rescued 17 bullocks that had been cramped into a mail container, and were taken to an slaughterhouse in Kalyan.The vehicle was intercepted near Virar. One of the bullocks succumbed to injuries.The police arrested the driver, identified as Imran Gulamuddin Khotul, and cleaner, Mulla Chodhari, under the Maharashtra Animal Protection Act and the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13310937", "title": "BJP MP seeks cancellation of Heehs' visa", "text": "NEW DELHI: The controversy over a book written on Sri Aurobindo by American author Peter Heehs echoed afresh in Parliament this week, with BJD MP Bhartruhari Mahtab demanding that the visa granted to the writer be withdrawn.Mahtab said that Heehs' depiction of Sri Aurobindo was objectionable as it presented a selective and distorted picture of the spiritual thinker based on the appraisals of his critics. Raising the issue during zero hour on Friday, the MP said the \"blasphemous\" book is part of a \"malicious design to discredit and defame\" thinkers of modern India.Mahtab found the support of some members, including those from Trinamool Congress and Congress, and said there has been \"widespread indignation\" among devotees of Sri Aurobindo over the biography written by Heehs. The MP has said that author has chosen to ignore more balanced views on the thinker.Heehs' visa was recently extended by a year after the controversy. The author is an inmate of Sri Aurobindo Ashram in Puducherry. Mahtab wondered as to how a person was granted a visa, despite repeated complaints against him. \"We should stop such people from coming to the country,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13308277", "title": "Two trains cancelled", "text": "The Manmad-Kurla Godavari Express and the newly-started CST-Nashik holiday special trains have been cancelled on Sunday following a mega block announced by the Railways, official soures said. \"Timings of many trains passing through Nashik were rescheduled, but these two trains have been cancelled,\" officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13312663", "title": "Over 29000 AK-47s procured for India's paramilitary forces", "text": "NEW DELHI: AK-47s continue to be the preferred assault weapon for the country's paramilitary forces deployed to neutralise terrorists and Maoists at the frontiers and in the hinterland.Over 29,000 pieces of this Russian-origin rifle were imported by forces like CRPF, BSF and NSG over the last three years, leaving behind, by a large margin, other sophisticated assault weapons procured from the US and Israel .The inventory of the assault weapons procured for security forces, including ITBP, CISF and Assam Rifles, during 2010-2013 show that while 29,260 pieces of the 'AK' series were procured, only 17,609 units of other weapons in this category like X-95 and SIG were imported.While the Central Reserve Police Force, deployed extensively in the country for anti-Naxal operations procured 18,000 AK-47s, the Central Industrial Security Force guarding Indian airports got 7,921 pieces and the Sashastra Seema Bal securing borders along Nepal and Bhutan got 2,719 units.The China-India border guarding force Indo-Tibetan Border Police procured 620 pieces of these 'Avtomat Kalashnikova' (AK) rifles.\"The AK series rifles are still the best in terms of use and adaptability for Indian security forces personnel. Be it any domain of combat operations like anti-Maoist or counter-terror operations, this weapon has delivered good results,\" a senior security official said.With the advent of new technology and new dynamics of combat, the country's security establishment has also imported other modern variants of assault rifles.So while the CRPF got 6,382 pieces of X-95 for its troops in Maoist operations, the elite National Security Guard (NSG) got 675 pieces of the Swiss-make SIG assault rifles.\"There have not been many assault weapons that suit the Indian conditions and the forces. Also, the role of the internal security forces is essentially to combat and not assault. So, a specialist counter-terror force like NSG also uses sub-machine guns like MP5 and Glock pistols for fighting from close quarters,\" a NSG official explained.The security forces, through the Union Home Ministry, procured the AK-47s from Bulgaria while the X-95s are procured from Israel.Among the other weapons that these forces procured during the same fiscals are MP-5 guns from Heckler and Koch (Germany), Carbine machine guns (Storm) from Beretta (Italy) and Glock Pistols from Hong Kong and Austria .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13309598", "title": "IPL not a level-playing field this season", "text": "It's a finale that even the most resourceful bookie could not have orchestrated; even after 50 long days and 70 eventful matches, the Indian Premier League is still alive and churning with possibilities.Of course, Rajasthan crashed out only after playing their last match on Friday night; Punjab too hit the exit button after their final encounter against mighty Delhi on Saturday. Yet, two teams are still in with a chance to make the playoffs.Amazingly, the lineup will only be known after the penultimate tie between Bangalore and Hyderabad; if another Gayle-storm doesn't gather around 4pm on Sunday, defending champions Chennai might yet rise like a phoenix and reach out for the title again.In an ordinary world, this would have been a dream scenario, even the perfect tournament: television ratings may tell another story but nearly every match has been a sellout; there have been 10 last-ball finishes to keep the adrenalin at an all-time high.Power hitting. Raw pace. Magical spin. Spectacular catching. There has been everything that a T20 fan could have wanted; in fact, it has been so fulfilling that it almost feels too good to be true.Ironically, thanks to the last few days which have seen the IPL's dark underbelly spilling out, one wonders if it is actually too good to be really true. Indeed, all through the event, there have been whispers of engineered results, even pre-determined performances; now, you can't help but ask if they were just whispers.In this age of micro analysis and to-the-bone scrutiny, of course, is it really possible to fix games? At a time when players and everybody involved is making big bucks, is there really any more room for greed? The answers ought to have been emphatic nos.But sadly, a sting has revealed how dirty the IPL can become, if it has already not stooped to that level. Even fringe players claim they can spot-fix, if not fix games; one would like to believe that they were just talking big to raise their own stock.The bigger problem, maybe, is the way players are being acquired: there is a specified limit for capped players and even under-19 boys. So why is there such a scramble to move from one team to another, away from one's own home too? Surely, at least some are being lured by other perks, if not hard cash itself.The BCCI's thinking process was probably right in the beginning; that was the only way franchises could have kept costs under control and, thereby, ensure the success of the IPL. But now that it's clear that some teams have compensated players, including the mega stars, for their loyalty through other means, it may be time to scrap that rule.Even during the open transfer window, many key players are being bought with mind-boggling offers; it is creating an uneven field which is not good for the league in the long run. There is an urgent need for transparency so that the event stays clean, and even more importantly, appears to be clean.If you leave too many unhappy souls, bookies or fixers have a way of sniffing them out. With as much as Rs 500-700 crore apparently being bet on each match, they wouldn't want to leave anything to chance. And if either of that number increases, orchestrating any tournament, leave alone a single match, becomes that much easier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13309260", "title": "Teachers should only teach, don't send them on deputation: High court", "text": "JAIPUR: The high court has asked the state government to send back all the teachers who are working on deputation in other departments to their original schools of posting and in future not to put them on deputation for any non-teaching or clerical job.\"The Right To Education Act, as also the Constitutional amendment has made right to education a Fundamental Right and it is incumbent upon the teachers and the government to provide better education. There is already acute shortage of teachers in government schools and most of the teachers are working on deputations, which is illegal. Teachers are meant to teach only,\" said Justice M N Bhandari.The bench ordered that as per Section 27 of the Right to Education Act, it is mandatory and the state government will ensure that no teacher should be assigned with any non-teaching job except for decennial population census, disaster relief duties, duties relating to election of local self governing bodies, state legislature or parliament. Besides, the authorities will also see that as per Section 28 of the Act, no teacher engages in private tuitions.The matter came up on a petition filed by one Suresh Chand Meena, who was originally appointed as a teacher in a primary education centre in Lalsot in Dausa district but was immediately taken on deputation in women and child welfare department. He was recently transferred back after the ban on transfers were lifted.\"Meena challenged his transfers on several grounds but the court rejected our contentions and was of the opinion that the teaching profession in state services is being seriously hampered owing to this arrangement made by government and it cannot be allowed to be continued,\" said Lalit Sharma, counsel for petitioner.Justice Bhandari dismissed the plea holding that a teacher is not meant to do clerical jobs as teaching is the only objective for which he was given appointment. They cannot be placed on deputation leaving students at their own peril to complete the courses. The court then directed the state government to transfer all the teachers working on clerical job or otherwise on deputation to their respective original posts of posting in schools with immediate effect and complete the process in one month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13310154", "title": "All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union calls 72-hour Arunachal bandh", "text": "ITANAGAR: Reprimanding the state government for its lax attitude towards fulfilment of their demands, All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (Aapsu) on Friday called a 72-hour statewide bandh in protest against the government's failure to produce a white paper on the state's financial position besides improving the law and order situation.Demanding a prompt resolution of the decades old interstate border issue with Assam and a logical conclusion to the Chakma-Hajong refugee imbroglio, Aapsu president Takam Tatung said: \"We never encourage bandh culture but we were compelled to do so because of the non-responsive attitude of the state government towards our 'genuine' demands in the larger interest of the state.\" The union chief further announced to go ahead with the union's second phase of agitation by launching a 72-hour statewide bandh from June 6 if the government failed to fulfil to its demands.Tatung said that the parliamentary secretary for home Gadam Ete on Friday engineered an attack on one of Aapsu's executive member at Aalo in West Siang district with the help of a few youths. \"We will not tolerate such kind of attitude from a responsible person and we demand a clarification from Ete. We condemn the act,\" Tatung said, accusing the state government was encouraging miscreants instead of controlling the deteriorating law and order situation.Referring to the Arunachal-Assam boundary issue, Tatung said that since both the states and the Centre have Congress-led governments in power, the matter could be resolved immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13308772", "title": "Gold chains worth Rs 68,000 snatched", "text": "PUNE: Gold chains worth Rs 68,000 were snatched in two separate incidents at Vishrambaug and Vishrantwadi on Friday and Saturday.In the first case, the Vishrambaug police said Archana Konde (21), a resident of Sadashiv Peth was walking via Vishrambaug ward office around 10 am when two persons on a bike snatched her chain. Konde's mangalsutra was worth Rs 48,000. Konde, a housewife, has registered a robbery complaint against the duo under section 392 of the Indian Penal Code.In the second case, Vishrantwadi police said the mangalsutra of Sarika Malwadkar of Baramati, who had gone for a stroll with her sister, was snatched at Yogiraj chowk on Pune-Alandi road on Saturday at around 7 am. Malwadkar had come to meet her sister in Pune during the summer vacation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13310268", "title": "Slum dwellers to lodge FIR against Central Railway for illegal evacuation", "text": "NAGPUR: Slum dwellers of Takia, Saraswati Nagar, Fakirwadi, Kumbhartoli, Jatrodi, Chanartoli and Imamwada threatened to lodge a police complaint on Monday against Central Railway's authorities for intimidating them to vacant the land stretches for proposed third railway line between Nagpur and Wardha.Representing the dwellers, BJP corporators Sandip Joshi and Safatla Ambatkar alleged that the above mentioned slums were notified by the state government and moreover, the land stretches, where these slums were established, were either owned by NMC, NIT or were Nazul land. \"Railways could not remove them,\" he claimed. He further claimed that Kumbhartoli, Takia, Saraswati Nagar, Fakirwadi land is owned by NIT, NMC and Nazul.Joshi further claimed that these slums existed since 1975 and some of them even before 1928. \"If CR is the owner of this land, why did it sit silent till date,\" he asked.He also expressed concern that despite stay order from the high court, how could the CR issue notices to the dwellers to vacate the slums within eight days. The notice mentioned that in case the dwellers failed to vacate the slums, CR would start demolishing their homes.In fact, at many places, the CR has not issued formal notices but has been making announcements to the effect. In Kumbhartoli, many shanties were razed without prior notices, Joshi alleged. He threatened that if the CR failed to stop this 'illegal' evacuation, the slum dwellers would resort to an agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "dharamsala", "code": "13308060", "title": "Delhi pacers shut Punjab out, hand Mumbai play-off berth", "text": "DHARAMSALA: Just when Punjab were required to give off their best in order to remain in contention for a place in the playoffs, they succumbed to Delhi's mighty pace battery on a bouncy HPCA stadium track on Saturday to crash out of IPL 5. Delhi, on the other hand, after their six-wicket win, fly off to Pune as the top team for the qualifiers to be played there on Tuesday.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Match in PicsThe exit of Punjab also means that Chennai, sitting nervously in fourth position, still remain in the fray for a place in the playoffs. If Bangalore lose to Hyderabad on Sunday, the defending champions will get an unexpected shot at a hat-trick of titles. So, it's going to be a nervous Sunday for them. With Punjab's exit, Mumbai too qualified for the playoffs, leaving the last qualifying berth for either Bangalore or Chennai.On a track that had some juice early on, Punjab batsmen ought have been watchful initially. But they chose to take on the Delhi pacers and paid the penalty. A target of 142 proved easy meat for Delhi. Both the Punjab bowling and fielding wilted under the onslaught by David Warner and Co as they romped home with 10 balls to spare.Disaster struck Punjab as soon as they were inserted by stand-in Delhi skipper Mahela Jayawardene. After a first ball wide from Mornie Morkel, the next 12 balls failed to produce a run. Umesh Yadav accounted for in-form Mandeep Singh his first ball, which flew off the length, took the edge of the bat and landed into wicketkeeper's gloves. The ball was still climbing when Naman Ojha held it head-high. It gave a clear indication of what the Punjab batsmen could expect over the next few overs.Yadav slit though the top half by sending back major threats Adam Gilchrist and David Hussey. With comeback man Paul Valthaty failing once more this season, it was a nightmarish start for Punjab.If Punjab were able to 141/8 after being 20/4 in the first six overs, it was due to Siddharth Chitnis, Azhar Mahmood and Gurkeerat Mann batting with determination and courage.At the start Morkel and Yadav seemed like they were bowling at Perth. Yadav picked up three early wickets and Morkel, after one in the opening spell of three overs, returned to grab three in his last over. He accounted for Mahmood, Gurkeerat and Piyush Chawla to end with the best figures of 4/20, a shade better than Yadav's 3/19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13308604", "title": "Northern Peripheral Road project: Aggrieved house owners meet HUDA chief", "text": "GURGAON: On Saturday afternoon, the HUDA administrator inspected the New Palam Vihar colony where over 250 houses are in the 'danger zone', for coming in the way of the ambitious Northern Peripheral Road (NPR) project.Earlier, HUDA had planned to offer alternative plots to the residents whose houses are likely to be affected in the project. HUDA had planned to demolish these houses but the residents approached Punjab and Haryana high court which ordered HUDA to be sensitive to the aspirations of the house owners.Demanding a change in the alignment of NPR, residents of New Palam Vihar RWA and MCG councillor, Rishi Raj Rana, met the HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar. The house owners claimed that changing the alignment would save their houses.The administrator visited the spot, along with other senior HUDA and town and country planning officials. After checking the situation on ground, Kumar also gave instructions to carry out a fresh survey of the site and explore the possibility of changing alignment near New Palam Vihar. The new alignment would be planned in such a way that very few houses are affected in the colony.The NPR project is crucial for improving road connectivity in the city. As per the plan, a 150-metre-wide road is proposed from Dwarka in Delhi to Kherki Dhaula on National Highway 8. \"Today's meeting and subsequent inspection of HUDA administrator has given all of us a hope that the houses would not be demolished,\" said Rana, who was spearheading the group of people whose houses are being affected.The residents are pressing hard for changing the alignment as it would save them from a lot hassle. \"HUDA had planned to give alternative plots to affected residents but there was no talk of compensation. We have put our life's savings and hard-earned money to build these houses. Now who will pay for the fresh construction?\" asked a resident, whose house comes under the affected area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "advantageously placed in at the scales, star marquess, from the stables of s ganapathy, holds the edge in the big field of 14 runners in the fray for the jayachamraja wadiyar cup, the plum event to be run on the second day's summer racing programme on sunday. first race starts at 1.00 p.m", "code": "13308840", "title": "Star Marquess holds edge", "text": "Advantageously placed in at the scales, Star Marquess, from the stables of S Ganapathy, holds the edge in the big field of 14 runners in the fray for the Jayachamraja Wadiyar Cup, the plum event to be run on the second day's summer racing programme on Sunday. First race starts at 1.00 p.m:Selections1. Malenhalli Plate: Auburn Beauty 1, Savvy Concept 2. 2. M N Prakash Memorial Trophy (Div-III): Scenic Blast 1, HIllstone 2. 3. Mount Everest Trophy: Sumela 1, Fire Storm 2. 4. M N Prakash Memorial Trophy (Div-II): Adonis 1, Effectual 2. 5. Allaire Plate: Meghalaya 1, Spainard 2. 6. M N Prakash Memorial Trophy (Div-I): Free Law 1, Foswell 2. 7. Jayachamaraja Wadiyar Cup: Star Marquess 1, Black Magic Woman 2. 8. Usha Stud Plate (Div-I): Panamera 1, Sudden Magic 2. 9. Aureole Time Plate: Senor Speedy 1, Tribal Queen 2. 10. Usha Stud Plate (Div-II): Maddox 1, Arabian Gold 2.Day's best: Maddox.Srivastava shines in Western win: A superb all-round performance from Rohan Srivastava helped Western Railway coast to a narrow four-run win against hosts Mumbai Police in an exciting semifinal match of the Police Commissioner's Twenty20 D/N Cup, played at the Police Gymkhana ground, Marine Drive. Srivastava scored a breezy 37 to be declared man of the match. He then claimed two crucial wickets on the road to victory.Brief scores:Semifinals: Western Railway 190-8 (Prasad Patil 30, Parag Madkaikar 46, Ahad Malik 38, Rohan Shrivastav 37; Santosh Shinde 2-34, Rajesh Tandel 1-21)Mumbai Police 186-9 (Santosh Shinde 52, Sumit Dhekle 33, Sunil Patil 37; Sony Satham 2-40, Rahul Thakur 2-41, Vinayak Bhoir 2-30, Rohan Srivastava 2-16).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13309115", "title": "Narendra Modi's hand in charges against Gujarat governor?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The BJP seems to have finally found a way of arm-twisting Gujarat governor Dr Kamla, who has become a thorn in the side of chief minister Narendra Modi . On Friday, the party's MPs created uproar in the Rajya Sabha asking for her recall over an alleged land scam in her home state of Rajasthan.Many believe Modi has paid Kamla back in kind for not being subservient to his whims and fancies. The two have constantly been at loggerheads over the past year, 12 months, whether on the appointment of the Lokayukta and vice-chancellors, auditing the government's expenses or returning important bills regarding impact fee and death sentence for brewing hooch. Only last week, she had returned two education-related Bills.Many see Modi's hand in the controversy given that BJP general secretary Kirit Somaiya had demanded a special investigation team (SIT) to look into the scam, monitored by the court, like in the case of the SIT formed to probe the 2002 Gujarat riots.The Rajya Sabha was adjourned twice on Friday after raucous BJP MPs refused to relent and kept up pressure for a recall. Party leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi told reporters outside Parliament, \"The Gujarat governor has shown herself as a farm labour working for 14 to 16 hours a day and has taken a piece of land worth crores of rupees. We demand that in view of serious corruption charges, she be called back immediately.\" He also demanded a high-level probe.The bone of contention between the two, however, has been Dr Kamla appointing Justice (retd) R A Mehta as the Lokayukta in on August 25, 2011, against Modi's advice. The CM has branded Justice Mehta as 'anti-Gujarat' because of his adverse remarks against the state government after the 2006 Surat floods. The judge had headed a public inquiry into the disaster in which 135 people had died.The state government had challenged Justice Mehta's appointment in the Gujarat high court, which gave a split verdict. The state's plea is now pending in the Supreme Court.A division bench of the court had given a split verdict in the case after which a single judge - justice V M Sahai - had given a verdict in Dr Kamla's favour. Justice Sahai had even passed strictures against Modi and said he had created \"a constitutional mini-crisis\". The state government's appeal is now pending in the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kota", "code": "13309164", "title": "Is Kota losing its charm as IIT City?", "text": "KOTA: Once a sleeping town in the state, Kota later became the hub for IIT-JEE coaching in the country. As many as 35 institutes have opened here which help students crack the IIT-JEE exam every year. But a sudden decline in the number of candidates getting selected for IIT from here has brought to focus the quality of training that the institutes impart.In 2008, out of the top 10, six students took coaching in Kota. But the success ratio declined over the subsequent years. Only three could make it to the top 10 in 2009, none in 2010, three in 2011 and just 1 in 2012.\"Kota is fast losing its position as the number one city that churns out IIT toppers. Coaching centres have decentralized and each city has a number of institutes, which will lower the number of students travelling to Kota seeking training,\" said P K Bansal of Bansal Classes.The Union government proposing the idea to give 40% weightage to Class XII marks in the entrance has also played a role in shifting the focus of students and parents from Kota. \"Just focusing on IIT and neglecting Class XII papers is not happening any more. So more and more students are staying back and preparing simultaneously for IIT from their hometowns,\" added Bansal.The students who used to throng Kota after completion of Class X also show a shift in perception. \"There is no guarantee that only those who study in Kota can make it to IIT. In fact, more and more IIT candidates are now coming from smaller places. Even this year, there are candidates from towns like Bhilai and Nellore,\" said Arpit Agarwal, 2012 JEE topper, who himself preferred to stay in hometown Faridabad rather than moving to Kota.However, not everyone shares the same view. RK Verma of Resonance coaching classes feels that variations are part of the entrance and very soon Kota will shine again. \"It is an all-India examination so from where the toppers will come is very difficult to say. Just based on a few years' results, one cannot reject Kota's importance in producing toppers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13308722", "title": "Snags, high demand cause power outages in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Many areas in the city experienced power cuts on Saturday. This was because of a crisis in the northern region with demand peaking simultaneously in all northern states and a sudden setback in production due to snags in a number of central sector units.Saturday's power demand peaked at 4,278 MW while supply to the capital dropped by about 1,400 MW, said Delhi Transco officials. \"Rotational load shedding had to take place all through the day as frequency was down and parts of the city experienced power cuts lasting from 45 minutes to a few hours,\" said a source.Officials from Northern Regional Load Dispatch Centre ( NRLDC) said the summer load has peaked in the northern region, which is causing a tight situation in many states. \"A number of stations like Jhajjar, Rihand and Antara have been affected due to multiple reasons leading to approximate shortfall of 1,500-2,000 MW in the northern region. At this time of the year, hydro production is also very low which will only pick up once monsoon starts in the next 15-20 days in south India, thereby reducing south's demand,\" said a senior official.However, power sector experts said that there was sufficient power available in the exchange.Another problem, experts said, was that states like Haryana, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh have again started drawing massively from the northern grid, thereby forcing other states in the northern region to curtail their share.The central sector projects that experienced snags included the Dadri V plant where one unit of 490 MW was out. About 80% of the power produced here is supplied to Delhi. Two units of 500 MW each at Rihand were also out. Delhi gets 10% of this share. The 280 MW Bawana plant, too, was not working. Officials said that most of the technical problems were because of a boiler tube leakage due to the hot weather. One 95 MW unit at Badarpur was not functioning due to water shortage as the UP government had closed a canal.\"The affected units should be back by Sunday morning though we cannot say for sure when all of them would be repaired,\" said a source.Areas that experienced power cuts, included Mayur Vihar, Okhla, Geeta Colony, west Patel Nagar, Uttam Nagar, Janakpuri, South Extension, Krishna Nagar and Preet Vihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13316070", "title": "Madhavan is like a family member: Seeman", "text": "Though he has been more in the news for his inflammatory speeches, the man retains his passion for cinema. In the city on his latest political rally, actor-director Seeman gets talking on his pending projects that are yet to see the light of day.\"My two projects, Pagalavan and Kobam , which initially had Ilayathalapathy Vijay in the lead role, got shelved due to my imprisonment due to my remarks against the Central Government,\" he clarifies.Vijay, who was initially signed to play the hero's role, also backed out citing other commitments and he is now on the lookout for a new protagonist.\"I approached Vikram, who refused and am now looking to rope in either Arya, Vishal or Jiiva for the lead role. Jiiva would be the ideal choice,\" Seeman opines.He also talks about his comfort levels with actor R Madhavan , who he considers a family member.\"Madhavan is a very talented actor, and I have directed him in two films so far. We never had a director-actor relationship, and he is more like a family member to me,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13319600", "title": "We played good cricket throughout: Kumar Sangakkara", "text": "HYDERABAD: Deccan Chargers finished the Indian Premier League just a place above the wooden spoon holders Pune Warriors, but their captain Kumar Sangakkara said that it was a satisfying campaign from them.\"Two back-to-back wins feels good. The guys played good cricket in the two matches (against Rajasthan Royals and RCB). All of us chipped in and that was the important thing. I know it's a heartbreak for RCB but I am happy that we won. The boys played good cricket,\" Sangakkara said at the post-match press conference after his side beat RCB by nine runs.\"I think we played really good cricket but unfortunately the results did not go in our way. We batted really well throughout the tournament with Shikhar Dhawan , Cameron White and JP Duminy and also Akshat Reddy.\"Bowlers like Gony, Ashish Reddy and Veer Pratap Singh did well and a lot of encouragement for us to look forward. We need to improve our fielding because it is most important in this format of the game,\" he said.On Dale Steyn's fiery pace-bowling spell, Sangakkara said, \"I think he has bowled a few good spells like this. Coming in a crunch game like this, he carried us through with the entire deck on his shoulders. He gave other bowlers the confidence. He helps other bowlers also and keeps them calm. That's why he is the best bowler in the world.\"Asked about Gayle's initial assault, Sangakkara said. \"There's nothing really that you can say. He was really hitting good balls for six. The first one he hit was a fantastic ball by Manpreet Gony, just the back of a length delivery. He just went across and put it out.\"With a guy like that you bowl as many balls as possible in good areas and rest is left to Gayle either to hit them out of the park or get out. I think Dale Steyn had good plan as to what to bowl to Gayle and that worked. Lucky to get an inside edge but Steyn's pace and his short length bothered him a bit today,\" he added.On Amit Mishra , Sangakkara said, \"To me what he bowled last season (IPL 4 where Mishra emerged highest wicket taker for DC) was magic. But injuries and fitness issues bothered a bit. You need to give him that support, love and encouragement to getting back into his rhythm. And he showed that by bowling to few of the best batsmen in the last two games.\"On the nature of the wicket, Sangakkara said, \"After going through the first four-five overs I thought of getting 140. I thought that would be great score on this wicket. But the only x-factor in the RCB is Gayle. If he gets 10 overs, he can take any game away from the opponents.\"I thought JP (Duminy) batted magnificently, everyone else managed to chip in well and kept the score board ticking. And that's the way the game goes, to get to manageable total on a wicket that is two-paced, get a couple of wickets and then exert pressure and it turns your way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "13309952", "title": "Construction firm supervisor shot at", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: An engineer, Sanjay Kumar , working as the supervisor of a road construction company on NH 77, was shot at and seriously injured by two criminals near the Garha bypass overbridge under Runisaidpur police station area in Sitamarhi district on Saturday. He was admitted to SK Medical College Hospital, Muzaffarpur, in a critical condition.Sitamarhi SP Vivek Kumar said bullets hit Sanjay in his abdomen and legs. He was unable to give the reasons behind the attack. But sources at Runisaidpur said a criminal had asked the engineering company to pay Rs 5 lakh as 'levy'.Locals said that two criminals, riding a motorcycle, arrived at the scene and one of them fired at Sanjay from close range.In fact, the Muzaffarpur-Sitamarhi NH 77 is being widened into a 4-lane road under a joint venture. Some local contractors wanted to work as subcontractors but did not get the work. The locals and the police ruled out the hands of Maoists in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13309831", "title": "MLAs plot to control panchayats in Bardez, Pernem", "text": "MAPUSA: Legislators, mainly of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), are busy drawing plans to take control of most of the panchayats in Bardez and Pernem talukas.The two are mostly ruled by the BJP and their leaders and MLAs are trying hard to rule in local power structures by electing sarpanchas from among the BJP-endorsed candidates or by cobbling up a majority.Though the panchayat polls are not fought on party lines, BJP leadership claim that many of their grassroots workers, who owe allegiance to the party, contested and got elected with the backing of the party in many panchayats in Bardez and Pernem.In Pernem constituency, BJP leaders claim that their cadre candidates have emerged victorious in many panchayats and are now busy forming panels to rule the panchayats. MLA Rajendra Arlekar's supporters are holding hectic parleys with the elected representatives with this in mind.\"We have come to power in a majority of panchayats, now the BJP-sponsored panels will form to elect the sarpanch,\" said a senior BJP leader from Pernem.Sources said that many newly-elected panchas in these talukas have buried their differences and are joining BJP-supported panels, so that it will not be difficult in taking up developmental works in respective villages as the BJP is in power even at the state level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13310775", "title": "Apptastic", "text": "SongifySongify hit the Android app store last week and since then, we've been going crazy playing with the app. With Songify, users can record speech to turn it into a. And it's all easy: Just record anything with a tap of a button - and music and tonal changes are added to your voice automatically. Within seconds, your speech becomes a song. You can save your creations locally as well as share it with friends through email, SMS or by setting it as a ringtone. To begin with, you're provided with four free tunes. If you want more tunes, including Bollywood ones, you have to buy them.Android, iOS | FreeSketch W FriendsIf you love Pictionary and similar 'guessing' games then you will enjoy Sketch W Friends. This free app is a real-time game where you can play with people spread across the globe eight players to a \"room\" . Turn by turn, you are given a word to sketch, while other players have to guess it after looking at your doodles. Points are awarded for right guesses - and even the sketcher earns points from correct answers. At the end of 10 rounds, the player with the highest number of points wins. No one to play with? You can practise your drawing skills against a bot or even sketch at leisure-in the Artistry mode-to upload to Facebook and Twitter. Paying users can create custom rooms for friends and family, and even play in the Platinum Lounge that promises 'unlimited gameplay' . Super fun and very addictive.Android, BlackBerry Playbook , iOS | Free", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13310290", "title": "Secretariat building to light solar power beacon", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The secretariat building here is all set to draw a portion of its power needs from solar energy soon.The Odisha Renewable Energy Development Agency (OREDA), the government agency popularizing use of non-conventional energy, is busy installing solar panels for a rooftop photovoltaic power plant in the corridors of power soon.\"The work is almost over. We hope to commission the plant in the first week of June,\" said OREDA chief executive Anirudha Rout. The trial commissioning will be done within a week, he added.Sources said the government is tentatively planning to inaugurate it on June 5, the World Environment Day, and send a signal that the government is focusing on green sources of energy. Solar energy is regarded as the most non-polluting source of energy.The 50 kilo watt plant will be directly connected to the secretariat grid. Given that the three-to-five storied building has an average electricity demand of 4.5 mega watt to 5 mega watt daily, it will only draw a small percentage of its power from the rooftop solar panels, a government officer said. The building with a connected load of 800 kilovolt ampere (KVA) has an installed capacity of 4x500kVA. A major part of energy consumption is the building's air-conditioning. This includes 156 ACs of 1.5 ton, 152 of 2 ton, 84 of 1.5 ton, 14 of five ton.An estimated Rs 1.12 crore is being spent on the new source of energy. Rout said the ministry of new and renewable energy (MNRE) has given a subsidy of 30% while the Odisha energy department has given the rest of the cost from the energy conservation fund. The MNRE under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Solar Mission provides subsidies for installation of solar power projects for direct use/diesel replacement in public buildings, institutions and villages.Officials said the solar plant would help the government save an energy bill of up to Rs 3 lakh every year. Once installed and proven efficient, the government would explore possibilities of adding more such non-polluting plants in the building.Under a separate programme, Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) has been preparing a master plan for implementation of the Union government-sponsored solar city project, for which the MNRE had selected the state capital among 50 cities across the country. Under the project, the civic body with a grant of Rs 37 lakh is supposed to find out ways to reduce at least 10% of the projected demand of conventional energy through renewable energy. Through an awareness campaign, the project would promote solar devices such as photovoltaic systems, solar water heating, cooking, steam generating and air-conditioning systems.\"We are working to meet the target and shift to non-conventional sources of energy as much as possible,\" said mayor Anant Narayan Jena. BMC has installed solar cells at the municipal hospital and at Lingaraj temple.City managers have welcomed the green move. \"Any step to shift to non-conventional energy is a welcome step because these will help cities sustain in the long run,\" said Piyush Rout, founder of Local Governance Network, which works to promote city management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13310335", "title": "Odisha Congress chief warns party 'rebels'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With growing dissidence posing a major challenge to the state Congress leadership, the party on Saturday threatened disciplinary action against those who are involved in activities considered as indiscipline.\"No anti-party activity will be tolerated. Action will be taken against indiscipline,\" Odisha Pradesh Congress Committee president Niranjan Patnaik said following a meeting of state party office-bearers and district unit presidents here. Niranjan did not identify anyone specific warranting such warning, though the message was clearly aimed at senior party leader L B Mohapatra and his camp-followers, who have openly challenged his stewardship. Niranjan had on Friday attempted to placate Mohapatra, describing him as a \"younger brother\" and a \"family member\".All India General Secretary in-charge of Odisha Jagdish Tytler , who gave a pep talk to party leaders at Congress Bhavan here, admitted factionalism within the state party, saying: \"For years it has become a pattern that whenever a new OPCC president takes over someone or the other starts a campaign against him, affecting party's interests.\" Without taking names, he downplayed attempts by some Congress leaders to blame the OPCC leadership for successive electoral debacles and asked, \"Why should you blame the PCC president when you could not ensure victory in your own constituencies?\"While Tytler stood by Niranjan, former OPCC working president L B Mohapatra, who along with some legislators has since the past week launched a broadside against Niranjan and sought his removal to his guns and said complete overhauling was needed to take the party forward. \"Wholesome changes are needed otherwise the party would not grow. I have said repeatedly that some block and district units have become defunct. There is no point deliberating who said what, the need is completely overhauling if the party is to go forward,\" said Mohapatra, who skipped the party meeting on health grounds.The officebearers meet followed a group of Congress leaders owing allegiance to Mohapatra raising a banner of revolt against the state party leadership and even casting aspersions on Tytler's functioning. \"It is time for change (of leadership),\" Sundargarh MLA Jogesh Kumar Singh had told media persons earlier this week. \"Tytler should first review his own work,\" Singh added, referring to the central leader last week writing letters to three legislators, Surendra Singh Bhoi (Titlagarh), Shyam Charan Hansdah (Rairangpur) and Dusmanta Naik (Bhawanipatna), warning them of action if they resorted to indiscipline. Bhoi, Hansdah and Naik had earlier rallied for Mohapatra to take over from Niranjan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13309931", "title": "Heads start rolling, Tadoba field director shifted", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after the shocking discovery of a poached tiger that had been cut into 10 pieces, heads have started rolling.Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) field director VK Sinha has been shifted with immediate effect. Moreover, on the direction of the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA), the entire control of tiger reserve buffer zone has now been handed to the field director. Both, the transfer and unified control notifications were issued by the state government on Saturday evening.Sinha, who is yet to complete his full tenure of three years as field director, will be replaced by 45-year-old Virendra Tiwari who has a reputation of being an energetic and no-nonsense officer. Tiwari was chief conservator of forests (CCF) with budget, planning and management department at Van Bhavan in the city. Sinha was not available for comments.Interestingly, Chandrapur deputy conservator of forests (DyCF) P Kalyan Kumar has been spared in the reshuffle. The state's principal secretary (forests) Praveen Pardeshi said, \"We are running short of DyCFs and any further changes will have to be done carefully. Sinha was shifted as he is good at joint forest management (JFM) and budgetary planning.\"Pardeshi added, \"One of the reasons to shift Sinha is that we want new and young leadership. We are doing lot of soul-searching and results will be seen soon.\"The secretary informed that TATR will now have two deputy conservators. With the unified control notification, Chandrapur DyCF will work for TATR (buffer) while Chaprala (Gadchiroli) wildlife sanctuary will look after TATR (Core). Besides, the Special Tiger Protection Force (STPF) will be in place in Tadoba in 15 days. The STPF in Pench will take some time,\" he said.On a special investigation team (SIT), Pardeshi said, \"We first want the CID to take over the probe.\"Head of forest force (HoFF) AK Joshi said Tiwari will assume charge on Monday. Saying that there are various reasons for Sinha's transfer, Joshi admitted that poaching in the buffer zone of Tadoba was one of them. \"Sinha took good initiatives and the transfer is not a reflection on his governance,\" said Joshi.The ambiguity over unified control of TATR buffer has come to an end with the notification that henceforth the TATR field director will be in full control. TOI had frequently raised the issue that overlapping administrative control was a deterrent in tiger protection and its conservation.The government had notified TATR buffer zone on May 5, 2010. It includes 558.81 sq km reserve forest (RF), 113.04 sq km protected forest (PF), and 401.49 sq km other area. Of the 1103.34 sq km combined area, 901.66 sq km belongs to Chandrapur division, 125.51 sq km on lease with Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) and 76.17 sq km area with Brahmapuri division. Chandrapur's around 60% area is under buffer.The new notification says that now all the ongoing forestry works in this area will continue under the field director's control. The HoFF has been entrusted with the task of reorganizing the territorial area apart from buffer.The amended Wildlife (Protection) Act 2006, mentions that existing land uses in the buffer zone can continue with due mainstreaming of wildlife concerns and wildlife protection would be an overlapping mandate for the entire area.Till now, the staff with Chandrapur forest division was working under the TATR field director but area other than buffer was with CCF of Chandrapur. Besides, administrative and joint wildlife management of Chimur forest range under the Chandrapur and Brahmapuri divisions, was handed over to the field director. The hand over, along with employees was to be confined to buffer zone only.The technical control of deputy conservators of forests (DyCFs) of Brahmapuri and Chandrapur regarding works related to saw mills, nistar rights, minor forest produce (MFP), tendu, Forest Conservation Act (FCA) issues, etc was not with the field director. But now it will be with him.Taking poaching head on* Field director of TATR V K Sinha shifted* Young IFS officer Virendra Tiwari brought in* Unified control given to TATR field director* STPF for Tadoba to be place in 15 days* Tadoba to have two deputy conservators* Chaprala (Gadchiroli) &amp; Chandrapur DyCFs brought under TATR field director* SIT to probe poaching cases likely", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "earlier this week, when the makers of the kannada film dirty picture", "code": "13299976", "title": "Veena Malik's Kannada film in trouble", "text": "Earlier this week, when the makers of the Kannada film Dirty Picture: Silk Sakkath Maga, announced that the film's leading lady Veena Malik would be in the city on Friday, the media was looking forward to meeting the starlet. But within hours of the announcement, the production house sent word that the press meet had been postponed. We later found out that Veena is facing a CBI enquiry with regard to her visa, as she's a Pakistan national.Confirming this, the director of the film, Trishul says that the actor could not make it to the media meet as Indian visa norms require Pakistani nationals to procure permits for every state they visit in India. \"We need to shoot in Goa and Karnataka, and Veena has got permission to visit Goa. On Friday afternoon, she went to the CBI office in Bangalore, following an enquiry into the purpose of her visit to Karnataka. She had to sign official documents and follow routine procedures. We too have sent letters to the CBI stating that she is a part of our film and have sought permission for her to shoot here,\" he says.The actor was to join the film's unit on May 17 for a photo shoot and a press meet. \"Veena is sorry about not being able to honour this commitment, following the delay in getting the permission,\" says the director.This setback, though, will not affect the movie, claims Trishul, adding that Veena is likely to land in Bangalore on May 24 for the photo shoot.Meanwhile, sources say that Veena's visa, which allows her to travel to 11 cities in India, had recently expired and that she is awaiting its renewal. Veena's publicist, though, says that there is no issue with her visa, and adds that the actor's dates for the Bangalore schedule have been worked out.No title change yetAfter the Kannada film Dirty Picture: Silk Sakkath Maga was announced, the makers of The Dirty Picture sent a legal notice cautioning them against the use of the title. But director Trishul says, \"We replied asking if Ekta Kapoor has a national registration for the title. If she has, we will change the title of our film. Our film has nothing to do with the original.\"With inputs by Richa Bhatia", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13310821", "title": "Dyslexic kids trained", "text": "MYSORE: When children of their age were having a gala time in summer camps, some students here tried to overcome dyslexia.Chethana Trust conducted the first-of-its-kind camp for children in 7-12 age group. Over 70 students attended the camp for which a team of qualified mental health professionals like Dr Vidya Sagar, Dr Rajani, Dr Abhijith and Dr Venkatesh of the trust framed the learning module. The objective of the camp was to improve concentration, memory level, reasoning and conceptual skills, reading-writing skillss and personality development among the participants. \"Dyslexia is common among students, but it is difficult to identify,\" said Dr Vidya Sagar. \"In spite of having same IQ level as that of other students, they struggle while reading and writing. We try to instill confidence in such students by talking to them individually. The expectation level from the parents will also be high. So such problems come to light only when children score less marks,\" she added.According to Dr Vidya, great personalities like Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Alva Edison and Albert Einstein too suffered from dyslexia. \"In spite of that, they all went on to carve a niche for themselves in their respective fields,\" she added.Research scholar of psychology in University of Mysore, Gita Mahadev Prasad said many people were unaware of dyslexia until the release of the Hindi movie 'Taare Zameen Par'. \"I have seen such a camp being conducted only in Mysore. Dyslexia is more among boys than girls. This kind of initiative will help students immensely,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13310579", "title": "When Kalyan was Kaliena &amp; Ujjain was Ozene", "text": "Its tip is too bulbous and its bottom rather heavy. The flanks are unwieldy and the middle is out of shape. And it's unnaturally inclined to its right. But the legend at the top says 'East Indies' - it's a map of India and the countries to its east. The makers of this map could be forgiven for not getting it right; after all, it was sketched sometime soon after the 15th century.What is it about old maps that fascinates people despite their inaccuracies , sloppiness and inelegance? What is it that makes connoisseurs dig deep in their pockets to buy them at exorbitant prices? The East Indies map (shown alongside), part of a set of 250 giving details of Southeast Asia , including India was sold for a staggering \u00a3223,250 (Rs 1.9 crore) at a Sotheby's auction titled 'Travel, Maps, Atlases and Natural History' in London on May 9. The set dates to 15th-19 th centuries.One reason we find old maps worthy of collection is their incorrectness. The fallacies, after all, are not errors but a reflection of what people in those times thought their world to be like. This is how a cartographer, drawing upon the explorations undertaken before his time, would sketch the lines of a landmass. And each successive effort would be more definitive than its predecessor. It's fascinating to think that this is how - through a process spanning centuries and generations - geographers would have come to understand the triangular shape of the Indian subcontinent.Maithili Parekh, the India director of Sotheby's , says that it is the inaccuracies that make maps appealing. \"It's interesting to look at maps from earlier times that show us how explorers and cartographers researched geographies and landmasses. Maps were used for defence, invasions, understanding far off lands, and were critical in strategic planning for kingdoms. On a recent trip into interior Rajasthan, I was surprised to note that people even today don't know the shape of the world, or have never seen the sea, only imagined it.\"Andrew Currie, London-based representative of the Bonhams auction house calls maps a window into the past which illuminates the present. \"Their appeal is in showing us how the people before us made sense of the changing knowledge; how they reflected on political developments and how they charted completely unknown territory. In fact, as recently as 1990, the map of Europe looked completely different from the way it looks today with large swathes of Eastern Europe lying within the Soviet bloc. The Czech Republic and Slovakia didn't exist and most of the now-independent states in the Balkans were part of Yugoslavia,\" he says.Some of the maps that Bonhams has sold include journals written by the East Indies explorer Thomas Bowrey (1662 - 1713), known as one of the first Europeans to sample the narcotic effects of bhang. \"The journals, sold in 2006 for \u00a340,000, also included 'An account of the Journall of a Voyage from England to Bengall in the East Indies... from the 11th of December 1689 to the 14th of December 1691',\" says Currie.As Currie says, map creation is an ongoing process, not just because of the changing global politics but also because of the constant revision of our knowledge about a distant past. While older maps attain historical value as they get outdated, the newer ones clear cobwebs in our understanding about the past. Irfan Habib and Faiz Habib's 'Atlas of Ancient Indian History' , soon to be published by Oxford University Press , is important in this context.Through 12 maps, it presents comprehensive data on what the political, economic and geographical divisions of India looked like, from pre-historic times to AD 750. In a first for ancient India, these maps give a highly detailed description of our earliest history, showing political and linguistic boundaries, trade and occupations, the pottery in use and more.The atlas is not just of academic interest but also amazes with the list of Greek names of Indian places. It's interesting to note that the Greeks, the trading partners of Indian kingdoms, referred to Saurashtra as Syrestrene, Bharuch as Barygaza, Ujjain as Ozene, Kalyan as Kaliena and Machlipatnam as Masalla.Irfan Habib, historian and professor emeritus, Aligarh Muslim University, says that the task of creating the atlas was painstaking - it grew out of a paper he had presented at the 1986 Indian History Congress on the 'Economic Map of India, AD 1-300 ' - because of the limited information . \"Indians didn't have much interest in geography and the earliest map of India that shows it to be a peninsula is Persian and dates to the 14th-15 th century.\" While Prof Habib undertook the research, the maps in the atlas were created by his son Faiz, a cartographer.It will be a while before the latest maps of ancient India attain historical value. In the natural progression of knowledge, they may even get outdated in the distant future, with fresh insights into the times of the Indus Valley Civilisation, Buddha, Ashoka and, perhaps, somebody else whom we don't even know of yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "13310264", "title": "140 workers from Odisha trapped in Angola", "text": "KENDRAPADA: More than 140 workers from the state, including 55 from Kendrapada, are being abused and exploited at a cement plant in Angola. They had been lured by agents Natabar Sahoo and Kishor Das of Pattamundai, who promised them a monthly wage of Rs 30,000 besides food and housing facilities. But after reaching Angola on October 25 last year, they workers realized that the jobs did not exist.\"The owner of the cement company confiscated our passports in Angola and compelled us to work as construction workers in a dense forest,\" Sanjaya Kumar Behera of Kendrapada's Kasanaghanta village on Friday. Sanjaya has managed to return from Angola along with Abhiram Samal of Gobindapur village. \"The workers are being tortured, not paid wages and kept in inhuman conditions. They are made to work for more than 12 hours a day and get meals only once a day,\" Behera said.Similar was the woe of ABhiram Behera. \"We got emergency out pass certificates from the Indian embassy in Angola to return home because the company had seized our passports,\" Abhiram said. Narrating the problems of workers, Abhiram said, \"Abdul Khan from Bihar died after sustaining serious injuries at the construction site. So the 1,200 workers from India demonstrated and demanded compensation for his family. But the goons of the cement company attacked us and opened fire in which six workers, including Akshya Mallick from Khurda, were seriously injured,\" he added.\"I visited families of workers, spoken to the two workers who returned and have submitted a detailed report to the State Labour Commissioner on Saturday,\" said P K Mohanty, the district labour officer.\"We have come to know that workers at the cement plant were taken there on visitor visa. Workers are not well informed about what type of visa they are having, because all the visa procedures are carried out by the manpower agencies. It is observed that once these workers are taken to Angola on visitors' visa, the company applies for their work visa, which takes very long time. The $860-million cement factory project employs about 1,260 workers for construction work at Sumbe in Angola and the 1,100 Indians among them were recruited a by Dubai-based copmpany,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13310984", "title": "Trivandrum girl is ISC topper in India", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: \"I feel so happy, and I am thankful to all my teachers, parents and the God almighty,\" said a euphoric Kalyani Vishnu who became the all-India topper in the Indian School Certificate exams results announced on Saturday.Kalyani is the topper among the students who took the exams in India while Rohan Sampath of Modern High School in Dubai came first globally with 99.5%.Kalyani, a student of Christ Nagar School here, says hard work and systematic studies along with the god's grace have been the key to her success in the exam. \"I have only relied on my teachers in the studies. I have not attended any private tuition,\" she told TOI, adding that she had expected good marks in the exams. She scored 99.25% marks in the class 12 exam beating 59535 students who took exam from 805 centres across the country.Her parents Vishnu and Suma were equally elated who did not hide their emotions on their only child emerging at the top. \"We are so happy and proud about our daughter. We were confident that she would score very well,\" her father, a deputy chief engineer with the Kerala State Electricity Board, said. In class 10, she had emerged second in the national level. \"I have taken the common engineering entrance examination of the state as I want to be an engineer,\" she added.The southern region has outperformed the rest of the country and abroad yet again in the class 10 and 12 board exams conducted by the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations.Students in the southern region continued to be on the winning track by securing a higher pass percentage in both the class 10 and 12 board exams. While 99.76% of students who took the class 10 exams passed in the southern region, 99.35% of students who took the class 12 exams cleared the boards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13310472", "title": "Panic after wild animal strays into Railway coach factory", "text": "BHOPAL: A wild animal, possibly a leopard or a hyena strayed into the West Central Railway's (WCR) Coach Rehabilitation Workshop (CRWS) at Nishatpura here, causing some panic among workers.\"Workers of a contractor informed us that they have spotted a leopard inside CRWS. I immediately got the information passed on to the forest department officials who in turn swiftly reached the workshop on Friday,\" CRWS manager Lakshmi Raman told TOI.\"The animal, according to workers, had been spotted twice on Friday. The forest flying squad team came to the workshop spread over an area of 400 acres, including 200 acres of residential area on Saturday as well but failed to get a trace of it,\" Raman said.\"The workshop is having jungles spread over an area of 100 acres. The wild animal fear caused some panic among the workers of contractor who work around the jungle but with the forest department officials visits, things have changed,\" he addedFlying squad range officer N D Sharma said that according to the account of Ramkali Bai, who spotted the wild animal, it appears to be a hyena. \"This animal is found in a good number on forested area situated on the outskirts of Bhopal ,\" he said.The wild animal might have forayed into CRWS in search of water to quench it thirst from the forested area of the district, Sharma said.\"There are some 50 to 60 dogs around CRWS that have left the place. Usually, the country dogs run away from the scene after spotting leopard or hyena, \"he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13314721", "title": "Karnataka whistleblower's murder: Probe intensifies as police get clues", "text": "BANGALORE: Five days after he was allegedly attacked, a Karnataka official, said to be a whistleblower in some controversial land allotments by societies, died at a private hospital on Sunday.Karnataka Administrative Service officer, SP Mahantesh, whose condition turned critical yesterday, died following a cardiac arrest, hospital sources said.\"Mahantesh heart stopped at 5.30am. We tried our best to revive him, but failed\", a doctor, who refused to be named, said.Describing the incident as unfortunate, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda said the probe into the murder has been intensified and the accused would be nabbed soon. \"The incident is unfortunate and has hurt the sentiments of the people and the government,\" he said, adding, the family would be sanctioned solatium.Karnataka home minister R Ashok said the police have got some clues.\"The police are investigating the case and are looking at certain angles to nab killers,\" he told reporters here. \"Government is doing everthing to provide justice to the family members of Mahantesh, he added.DCP (northeast) Ravikante Gowda said the police has formed four teams to nab the killers and has got \"some important clues.\"48-year-old Mahantesh, who suffered head injuries in the alleged attack by unidentified persons on May 15, had been on life support system since the last two days.He was found unconscious near a hotel here while returning home in his car and shifted to the hospital after passerby noticed him and informed his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13309563", "title": "Babus struggle to find money for pension to farmers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The SAD-BJP government in Punjab, keen on fulfilling promises made during elections, is likely to incur an additional burden of over Rs 800 crore to give pension and provident fund to farmers in the state, as promised. The government, reeling under fiscal burden of giving free power and water to farmers, is already in debt of several thousand crores of rupees to its own state power supply corporation.\"These are minimal estimates as we have considered pension to just one head of the family in farming families. We are also calculating minimum money being given as pension to other categories,\" said a senior official in the state government, adding that the proposal is in nascent stages. Chief secretary Rakesh Singh has been asked to work out a \"viable proposition\" and the cost is being worked out by the finance commissioner, development, he said.There are about 14.5 lakh farmer families in Punjab, which are already eligible for free power and water. With at least one member of the family being eligible for pension scheme, at the rate of Rs 250 per month, which is being given to other categories, the cost would run into several hundred crores of rupees. \"If claimants of pension increase from one to two, the cost of subsidy bill will escalate dramatically,\" he said.The chief minister's announcement last week has not gone down too well with the bureaucracy in the state. \"These are populist measures which are on the verge of ruining the state. We have no money to pay salaries, how are we going to pay pension to over 14 lakh farmers? Even taking loans has a limit which we crossed way back,\" said a senior official in the finance department.Giving freebies has been the state's undoing, as figures indicate. Punjab's power subsidy bill was Rs 780 crore in 2003-04 which jumped to Rs 2,576 crore in 2006-07 and crossed Rs 3,800 crore in 2010-11. The power subsidy burden will touch Rs 5,500 crore during 2012-13.Fiscal deficit in the state has soared from Rs 2,653 crore in 2005-06 to Rs 8,801 crore for 2011-12. Punjab has been declared as a debt-stressed state with debt burden surging by a whopping 47% to Rs 77,585 crore for 2011-12 from the level in 2007-08.Info graph on poll promisesBefore returning to power in Punjab SAD promisedFree laptops for girls for class XI and XII,Rs 1,000 unemployment allowance,free cycles to girl students,five marla plots to landless poor,free medical care for BPL families,replacement of bus fleetInfo graph on debtProjected estimate for farmer pension - Rs 800 crorePower subsidy burden - Rs 5,500 croreFree water to farmers and BPL families - Rs 500 crore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13313699", "title": "The man who knew Mother Teresa", "text": "In an epic biopic shot in Goa on the legendary Albanian nun from Kolkata, American actor Mark Bennington plays the only journalist she ever opened up to. Next on his wishlist, he tells Purba Dutt, is the part of a Bollywood villain who meets a \"terrific\" deathShe is one reason (other than the presence of Academy Award-nominated cinematographer Jack Green) why Mark Bennington said yes to The Letters, a biopic on the late missionary, directed by William (Bill) Riead, although he had given up acting to turn photographer. The film stems from a set of letters, three trunks full, that Mother Teresa wrote to her spiritual confidant Rev. Michael van der Peet, admitting that she felt abandoned by God. An experience that's referred to as 'the dark night of the soul' stirred a controversy when the letters were made public in 2007.Bennington, who Indian audiences will recognise from his role as Adult Icheb in the TV series, Star Trek: Voyager, has been picked to play a character who the nun, known for her work in India's slums, grew to trust. \"I play Graham Widdecombe, a popular radio reporter working in London . He is a war correspondent who gathers fame with his WWII reportage. He's sent to India after the Partition, and asked to handle a 'soft news' story about a nun who works with the poor,\" says Bennington about the character who turns from cynical reporter to compassionate believer. \"There's a beautiful arch to the character, and the relationship he shares with the Mother is special.\"Bennington's character draws inspiration from successful English journalist, the late Malcolm Muggerridge, an agnostic who turned Catholic, influenced by his association with the Mother. \"In the film, as in her life, there is only one reporter whom she opens up to. In turn, she has a dramatic effect on him, turning him into a morals campaigner,\" says the actor, who now harbours the desire to play a Bollywood villain who gets a \"terrific death scene.\"Excerpts from the interview: Is your character central to the film? Yes. I arrive in India in the late 1940s, stay on for a couple of years to cover Mother Teresa's work, and then am back towards the end of the film, in Oslo in 1979, where she is being awarded the Nobel Peace Prize . The Mother doesn't meet Widdecombe easily at first, refusing to give him time. When he says he wishes to speak to her about her work, she says, 'It's God's work, not mine'. It's his dogged determination that finally allows him entry into her private world.So, The Letters is based on actual events? We have taken a few liberties with facts, so in a sense, it's fiction, but the story is centred on a person who walked this Earth . Incidents that occurred in her life are replicated on screen.How did you prepare to play Widdecombe? I read Malcolm Muggerridge's Something Beautiful for God. Besides I hunted down old wartime radio clips to make sure I had his accent , pitch and cadence all down pat. At the acting school I went to, Juliet Stevenson's performance in the stage adaptation of Death and the Maiden was compulsory watching. She is an idol. Sharing screen space with her meant I had to give it my best.Where was the film shot? In Goa, Kolkata and London.A memory from the shoot you'll take away? A hilarious detail, actually - we never had enough lunch for the entire cast and crew. Here's why: the cast included about 400 Russians who were meant to play audience at the Oslo Peace Prize ceremony. And when they dropped in for lunch, within minutes, everything would be wiped clean. There was a day when I and two of my co-actors had to split a meal!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13309251", "title": "Mamata Banerjee delivers 'success story', tinged with Singur regret", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee on Saturday charted out her government's path from 'poribartan' to progress, reeling out statistics to say she had fulfilled nearly all her pre-poll promises in her first 12 months in power. The CM vowed to \"carry on the hard work that had marked her first year in office\".Her only regret, Mamata said, was the failure to return land to unwilling farmers in Singur due to the ongoing court case. The Tata group had challenged the government's re-acquisition of the plot within days of Mamata storming to power. It was the Singur agitation in 2007 that resurrected the fortunes of Mamata and played a pivotal role in ending the 34-year Left Front rule in Bengal.\"The farmers of Singur have been waiting for land since 2006. Though we have acquired the plot, we have not been able to give it back to farmers as the matter is sub-judice. Several of them who did not accept compensation cheques are in distress. The government has decided to give each of these families a monthly stipend of 1,000 till they get the land,\" Mamata said at the inauguration of Pragati Utsav, a week-long celebration of her government's first anniversary.The CM also promised to distribute rice to the \"affected families\" in Singur at 2/kg, similar to a rice subsidy scheme for cyclone-affected people in the Sunderbans.Addressing a capacity audience at the Milon Mela fairground, the CM said her government had confronted both political and financial emergency and emerged successful. \"When this government assumed power a year ago, it was faced with a sea of hurdles. We have crossed each of them. There is peace in Darjeeling and Jangalmahal. We feel proud when Chidambaram urges other Maoist-affected states to emulate Bengal's model and Andhra Pradesh tries to take a leaf out of our handling of Darjeeling,\" a beaming Mamata said.She listed a string of achievements - preventing post-poll bloodbath, ushering in e-governance in multiple spheres, revitalizing industry by setting up 16 railway units, attracting investment worth Rs 95,000 crore, improving agricultural productivity, reducing infant mortality and augmenting health infrastructure. Mamata said that her government had \"fuelled all-round development by taking the Writers' to the districts\". Her officials interacted with people at the grassroots and that made a lot of difference, she said.\"Inspired by the Golden Quadrilateral, we have started the Swarna Sarak Yojona that will improve the state highways and better communication, thereby igniting development. We can and we will. The state will regain its lost glory. Bengal will once again emerge as the frontrunner. The idiom 'What Bengal thinks today, India thinks tomorrow' will once again ring true,\" Mamata remarked.Though she struck a strident note every now and then - a reflection of the firebrand politician she has been all life - Mamata restrained herself on each occasion and took a conciliatory tone. \"I work with everyone. I have no enemies. I appeal to those who have been critical to join our efforts to take the state forward. Don't shut down Bengal. Let the wheels of development roll,\" she said.Earlier, Governor MK Narayanan termed it a historic function, comparing it with the 60th anniversary of the first sitting of Parliament, and expressed the hope that the government would propel Bengal to the radiant future of Sonar Bangla without faltering. \"Bengal is witnessing a new awakening. When the new government came to power, the state faced several challenges. The buzzword was 'parivartan', not 'defeatism'. The CM has set a difficult benchmark by trying to achieve numerous things in a short time. There will be shortfalls. But we must not stop before reaching the goal,\" he added.Narayanan said that a \"special feature\" of Bengal is that it had never given up hope even during \"several periods of political and social decline\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13310078", "title": "Power-rich North East consumes far less electricity than rest of the country", "text": "GUWAHATI: The northeast, often touted as the country's reservoir of hydel power, has the lowest per capita consumption of electricity in the country. According to a reply by minister of state for power K C Venugopal in the Lok Sabha , the combined per capita power consumption of electricity of northeastern states during 2009-10 was 249.65KW per hour, compared to the national average of 778.63KW.The minister said that the government has taken several steps to increase availability of power in the country, which will in turn lead to enhancement in per-capita availability of power. The measures include acceleration in generating capacity addition during the 11th Plan following which new capacity of 54,964MW was added compared to the capacity addition of 21,180MW achieved in the 10th Plan.Venugopal added that rigorous monitoring of the ongoing capacity addition programme, initiative for augmentation of domestic manufacturing capacity of power plant equipment, development of ultra mega power projects of 4000MW each, harnessing surplus captive power into the grid, renovation, modernization and life extension of old and inefficient generating units, development of an extensive network of high voltage transmission for transfer of power from surplus to deficit regions are the other steps currently being implemented.The minister's reply shows that along with northeastern states, the per capita power consumption in Andaman and Nicobar Islands, West Bengal , Jharkhand , Bihar, Lakshadweep , Kerala, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh was also far lower than the national average in 2009-10. Dadra and Nagar Haveli showed the highest per capita consumption of 11,708.59KW per hour while Bihar had the lowest per capita consumption of just 117.48kW per hour.Among the northeastern states, the per capita consumption of power every hour was 209.21KW in Assam , 207.15KW in Manipur, 613.36KW in Meghalaya, 242.39KW in Nagaland , 223.78KW in Tripura, 503.27KW in Arunachal Pradesh and 429.31KW in Mizoram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13308946", "title": "Molestation case: CCTV footage shows woman in distress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police on Saturday took CCTV footage from ITC Maurya Sheraton to establish the sequence of events that took place outside the room of Sahil Peerzada and Zohal Hamid on Friday morning. The footage has revealed that Zohal and Sahil had entered room number 1640, along with their friend, Miraz Khan, and IPL cricketer Luke Pomersbach .The footage shows them entering the room at 5.15am. The four betray no sign of any discord as they walk out of the lift together, heading for the room.Suddenly, at 5.30am, Zohal is seen running out of the room, crying. \"She is seen running out of the room towards the lift and contacting the lift operator. After a while, Luke is seen leaving the room with a beer bottle in his left hand as his right hand appears to he hurting him. Later, Zohal returns and a hotel security guard is posted outside their room around 5.45am,\" said a senior cop. Miraz and Sahil, meanwhile, stay in the room.The footage then shows the security guard leaving for the hotel lobby, only to return around 6.15am with Luke. The guard, identified as Vikas Yadav, has been questioned by Delhi Police. \"He has said that he had returned to the hotel lobby after waiting outside Zohal's room for some time. In the lobby, he saw Luke enter the lift and overheard him telling the lift manager that he wanted to go to a floor which he realized was the same where Zohal and Sahil were staying. He entered the lift with Luke and walked with him to the room, only to stop Luke from entering it even as Zohal slammed the door from inside,\" said a police source.However, the CCTV footage does not actually show the guard coming in Luke's way as the field of vision of the camera is restricted to the corner of the door. In the footage, Luke can be seen trying to enter the room, retracing his steps and walking back to the lift while the guard stays positioned outside the room. He does not return after that, and around 7am, Sahil is taken out by hotel officials, police and Zohal and Miraz. \"They were taken to Primus Hospital directly from there,\" said an official.Police officers say the video clearly shows the victim is in distress when she runs out of the room. \"Scrutiny of the footage has shown that the victim is extremely upset and is seen frantically running around asking for help. She is crying and looks scared. It is evident that the victim is in shock,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13308796", "title": "ISCE results: Pass percentage in Delhi-NCR goes up", "text": "NEW DELHI: The northern region may have slipped to the last spot in terms of the pass percentage in the Council for Indian School Certificate Examinations (CISCE) but the Delhi-NCR region has seen a marginal rise in the pass percentage for both classes X and XII this year.A total 2,199 students from 29 schools in the Delhi-NCR region appeared for the Class X exam (ICSE) examination and those from 17 schools sat for the Class XII exam (ISC). The pass percentage for Class X has gone up from 98.72% to 99.27% this year - an increase of 0.55%. While girls have outshone boys by securing a pass percentage of 99.49%, for boys the figure stands at 99.10%. For Class XII, the Delhi-NCR region has achieved a pass percentage of 98.59% as against 98.41% in 2011. Here also girls have fared slightly better than boys securing a pass percentage of 98.65%.For boys the pass percentage is 98.52%. A total of 850 students appeared for the Class XII examination in the region. CISCE officials say that even though the north zone is lagging behind in terms of overall pass percentage, the better performance of Delhi-NCR is laudable.\"While the pass percentage increase in both Class X and Class XII is 0.01% nationally, the same figure for Delhi-NCR stands at 0.55% (Class X) and 0.18% (Class XII),\" said officiating chief executive of CISCE, Gerry Arathoon.Ghaziabad's Shriya Talwar, a student of Holy Child School, has topped the Class X exam with 97.60%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13309560", "title": "A dalit director called shots in '20s", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This was one area where Bollywood was way ahead of Hollywood . In the 1920s, the Americans had not yet broken through the race divide - blacks were not allowed to act so whites painted their faces black and played their roles. At the same time across the Atlantic, a Gujarati dalit broke through the caste divide to become India's hottest director of the silent era.Kanjibhai Rathod from Maroli village in south Gujarat, is considered the first successful director in Indian cinema. His rose to fame in an era when most people stayed away from films due to a peculiar stigma attached to the filmdom.Not much is known about Rathod's personal life. Film historian Virchand Dharamsey writes, \"Kanjibhai was coming from a dalit family and he can be considered the first successful professional director of India.\"Rathod began as a still photographer with the Oriental Film Company. His experience earned him a job in Kohinoor Film Company and its owner Dwarkadas Sampat made him a director.Rathod's 'Bhakta Vidur' released in 1921, was perhaps the first criticism of the British colonialism in a popular feature film.This mythological allegory directly alluded to political issues, particularly the controversy over the Rowlett Act.An adaptation from a section of the Mahabharata, this film showed the British as the Kauravas and its protagonist Vidur as Gandhi. Sampat himself played the role donning the Gandhi cap and khadi shirt. The film raised a storm - while a big hit in Bombay, it was banned by the British in Karachi and Madras, write historians.Rathod was the first film-maker to direct a crime thriller in 1920s on contemporary events. His Kala Naag (1924) was based on famous double murder case in Bombay. Rathod introduced Zubaida to film industry with his Gulbakavali.By the time he left for Saurashtra Film Company in Rajkot in 1924, Rathod had enough work on his name. At the launch of Krishna Film Company, he returned to Mumbai in 1931, the year of first talkies.Dharamsey writes in his 'Light of Asia: Indian Silent Cinema 1912-1934' that Rathod directed five talkies out of 17 made in 1931. He remained active in the industry even in 1940s, but he was not as successful directing talkies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13309996", "title": "State Election Commission extends polling by an hour for civic polls", "text": "LUCKNOW: The notification for the much-awaited civic polls in Uttar Pradesh is likely to be issued in a week's time. Around 3.5 crore urban voters will cast their votes to elect as many as 11,924 new office bearers of 629 urban local bodies (ULB), which include 12 nagar nigams. The poll process is to be completed (in 45 days) tentatively by July 10. Elections for the newly constituted Saharanpur Nagar Nigam will be kept in abeyance, as the voters' list is not yet ready.Principal secretary, urban development, Parvir Kumar, told TOI that the government 'is in a hurry' to issue the civic poll notification before the deadline of May 31 set by the Supreme Court in its recent order. The necessity to advance these elections by some days stem from the eventuality of monsoon season that normally begins from June 20, Kumar said.The civic polls assume more significance for the opposition parties in the state, which find themselves trapped inside a political pressure cooker. Going by the past record, the BJP has an obvious edge by having a clear control in eight nagar nigams. This is followed by the Congress, which has its clout in three municipalities and the ruling SP, which has one urban local body under itself. The BSP figured nowhere and hence, it toyed with the idea of holding these elections without party symbols, which was later rejected by the Allahabad High Court. The 12 nagar nigams which would to go to the poll are: Aligarh, Meerut, Ghaziabad, Allahabad, Gorakhpur, Kanpur, Lucknow, Jhansi, Agra, Moradabad, Bareilly and Varanasi.Hinting that the State Election Commission is fully prepared to hold these elections, state election commissioner, Satish Kumar Agarwal said, \"We are fully geared up to cope with any challenge. The commission would ensure not only peaceful elections, but also take all necessary steps to hold them in a free and fair manner.\"The state election commissioner also elaborated that these elections would be held in four phases as against that of the three-phase election held earlier. For the first time, elections would be held simultaneously for all the urban local bodies (nagar nigam, nagar palika parishad and nagar panchayats) falling in each district. In all, there are 75 districts in the state. They would be covered by taking at least one district each of all 18 divisions in each phase. This way 72 districts would be covered, and the remaining three would be spread over certain phases in which more than one district would be taken up for election from those division having five districts under them.Earlier these elections were used to be held in three phases as: 194 nagar palika parishad in the first phase, 423 nagar panchayats in the second phase and 12 nagar nigams in the third phase. The disadvantage of this scheme was that of lack of coordination within officials and poor monitoring, resulting into violence. Apart from this, each district remained involved in the election process in all these phases. However, in the new scheme, elections for all the ULBs would be held in one go in any district that goes to poll in any phase.Terming the new system as an innovation, Agarwal said this is an experiment aimed at pooling all the logistic support and putting entire administrative machinery of a division to hold election in district falling under it. As a result, these elections would be held with a coordinated effort and would be under direct supervision of the divisional commissioner. This way the divisional commissioners would be better placed to deploy the manpower as per the need of the situation and also minimise their dependence on outside support.Since these elections are now being held in the summer season, Agarwal said that there is a possibility of poll percentage dropping substantially. In 2006, these elections were held in April and the average poll percentage was 45% in nagar nigam, 62% in nagar palika parishad and 72% in nagar panchayats. \"So keeping the present weather conditions in mind, the commission had decided to extend polling time by one hour. The usual polling time of 7.00 am to 5.00 pm will now be increased from 7.00 am to 6.00 pm for most parts of the state,\" he said.For Bundelkhand region and the three naxal-affected districts of Mirzapur, Chandauli and Sonbhadra, polling time will be from 6.30 am to 5.30 p.m. A cue for this was taken from the practice prevalent in Bundelkhand region, where all courts, including district court and that under the district magistrates work between 6.30 am and 12 noon owing to scorching heat, Agarwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13309656", "title": "Nursed back to life, Sagarika takes her turn to paddle home", "text": "CHENNAI: A year ago, when volunteers released turtles Olivia and Sukruti back into the sea after the necessary rehabilitation training, Sagarika was waiting for her turn in her specially-made tank adjacent to her friends'. But there was a problem.Normally, turtles are found with their flippers cut, but there was a serious crack on this female Olive Ridley's carapace and one of her front flippers was chopped off. But thanks to the volunteers of Tree Foundation (TF), Sagarika swam back to the Bay of Bengal off the Neelankarai coast on Saturday. It was Sarveshwaran, a volunteer of the Sea Turtle Protection Force of TF, who found her at Uyali Kuppam off East Coast Road more than a year ago. A close investigation revealed a serious cut on her carapace too. \"After obtaining permission from the chief wildlife warden, we shifted Sagarika to our rehabilitation centre in Neelankarai. She was then taken to the veterinary college in Vepery for a check-up. Fortunately, there was no internal injury. From then on, our volunteers helped her recover from her injuries,\" said Supraja Dharini of TF.The recovery took almost a year because of the cut on the carapace. \"We changed the sea water every day in the tank. She was given fresh fish and crabs. More than medicine, the care that our volunteers gave her mattered a lot in her recovery. When she came in she weighed 23.6 kg and has now gained 5kg. Her carapace has also grown,\" she added. \"When Sagarika was released into the waters of the Bay of Bengal, initially she struggled a bit. Velmurugan, a volunteer, immediately jumped into the sea to help her swim, which in a way worked. Sagarika soon swam past us, in the setting sun.\"She will never get her flipper back,\" said Velmurugan. \"But we have trained her enough to get back home without a flipper.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13309188", "title": "'My new office no proxy power centre'", "text": "Opening his new public office in Bangalore, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa denied that it will serve as a parallel power centre in the state. \"The office will act as the nodal centre between the public and Vidhana Soudha, the seat of power,\" Yeddyurappa said, adding that \"people from all political parties and leaders can come and meet me in this office about their grievances. I will take up the matter with the ministers concerned, the departments and even the CM.''It was a soft launch for BSY's office on Friday; the red ribbon was cut by Siddaiah, a dalit activist from Mysore. Around 300 supporters were present, including eight MLAs and five ministers - Shobha Karandlaje, C M Udasi, V Somanna, Umesh V Katti and Basavaraj Bommai. After the inauguration, Yeddyurappa himself served breakfast: pongal, dosa and badam halwa. People from all political parties and leaders can come and meet me in this office about their grievances. I will take up the matter with the ministers concerned, the departments and even the CM,'' Yeddyurappa said. Maintaining that his new office will not serve as a parallel power centre, the former CM said: \"In fact, I do not want to topple the present government. I would like it to complete its term.''The office, 'Public Meeting Centre of Yeddyurappa', had housed the state BJP unit before it moved to a new premises in the same area in Malleswaram. The property belongs to a BJP MLC, who is close to Yeddyurappa. Notwithstanding all these justifications, reports say that when Yeddyurappa, who has detached himself from the BJP, finally calls it quits, the contact centre will come in handy for his new outfit.Yeddyurappa also invited chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and others to visit the office as it is essentially a \"public meeting centre\". Expressing disappointment with the central leadership for not giving him a plum party post, he said: \"People coming to Bangalore for government work first head to my house on Race Course Road instead of Vidhana Soudha. When I stepped down from the chief minister's post, my house was thronging with people,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "vapi", "code": "13320549", "title": "'Vapi most polluted industrial cluster again'", "text": "VAPI: The interim review of work index for comprehensive environment pollution index (CEPI) action plan carried out jointly by the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) and Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB) has thrown up disturbing facts about the Vapi industrial cluster.The CEPI data shows that pollution levels in Vapi, which was marked as one of the most critically polluted industrial cluster in country, have again gone up.In the interim assessment report carried out jointly by CPCB and GPCB, Vapi has scored the highest in pollution grade out of the 43 industrial clusters in India assessed. The score in interim report is 90.75 out of 100. In the earlier report of CEPI in 2009, Vapi industrial cluster had scored 88.09 out of 100. This means that pollution levels of air, water and land, have both gone up in two years.The score of air pollution in CEPI-2009 was 74 out of 100 whereas it went up to 74.50 in interim assesment CEPI-11 report. The report also reveals that during sampling, monitoring and assessment work, some of volatile organic carbon (VOC) based pollutants were found beyond permissible limit prescribed by national ambient air control standard -2009. Out of 12 pollutants monitored in air from five different locations, six pollutants were found beyond permissible limit. These included nitrogen dioxide, particulate matter 10 and 2.5, lead, nickel and arsenic.According to guidelines for high polluted areas decided by the ministry for environment and forests, the score of more than 60 in CEPI shows a critical level of pollutionThe meeting was held last month in the in presence of senior GPCB officials, delegates from Vapi industrial associations and Vapi Waste and Effluents Management Co. Ltd. along with other prominent stakeholders from industry. The meeting widely discussed the issue of rising scores in air and water pollution, which were assessed beyond prescribed permissible limits. The first quarter report of volatile organic carbon monitored according to the new ambient air monitoring standard was worrisome. The value of highly hazardous pollutants was high, said an officer who was present in meeting.GPCB sources said after the moratorium imposed by MOEF on Vapi was lifted on condition of strict implementation of long-term pollution control action plan. The limit of the two-year action plan will end in September.On other side, the score of land and soil pollution have reduced as compared to CEPI-2009.\"This is attributed to the successful efforts made against illegal dumping of solid waste,\" said Ganesh Patel, regional officer, GPCB, Vapi. Patel admitted that the air pollution is high, mainly due to unavailability of proper devices in region.The action plan requires Vapi Industries Association and Vapi Waste and Effluent Treatment Co. who run common effluent treatment plant and solid waste managment site to install continuous ambient air monitoring station (CAAMS) to keep a tab on air quality and get data of notified pollutants real time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13310482", "title": "Convicted prisoner escapes from KIMS hospital", "text": "HUBLI: A convicted prisoner escaped from KIMS hospital on Saturday afternoon, when he was admitted to hospital due to a health problem. Vidya Nagar police inspector Pranesh Rotti told STOI that Ambanna Jadar, an inpatient in KIMS hospital, escaped from the custody of police.Ambanna was involved in various cases in the city, and he was jailed. He has admitted to KIMS hospital in Hubli. Police have launched a manhunt for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13320584", "title": "Fresh recruits to ease burden on police", "text": "SURAT: There could be some relief for police department battling severe manpower crunch.Around 460 new lok rakshak dal jawans have been given postings in different police stations of the city while the traffic brigade will also get 200 jawans to manage the growing traffic of the city.Following the recent recruitment drive by home department, around 10,000 lok rakshaks were appointed of which 499 have been sent for various postings in the city. Out of the posted jawans, 460 were given appointment on Saturday. The jawans will be posted at the vacant posts at existing police stations and newly developed police stations. The new staffers were given training by the home department after which their postings have been made. The additional staffers will reduce the burden from the existing police staff at different police stations.To control the growing traffic problems the city, police will admit 200 new jawans in traffic brigade including women. For the newly created posts, police received total 1,500 applications, out of which 800 were called for interview as per merits. Out of the shortlisted 800 candidates, 200 will be taken into traffic branch.Currently, 450 jawans assist police in managing the traffic problems. The traffic brigade is managed by traffic police and finance is provided by Traffic Education Trust. Starting from salary, uniform and other benefits of the jawans are sponsored by TET.Following the success of existing model of traffic brigade, the city police is now working on increasing its strength.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "13309094", "title": "115 girls bag awards", "text": "CIVIL LINES: Malwa Central College of Education for Women , Civil Lines, organized its annual prize distribution function on Saturday. S Pritpal Singh Grewal, president of the college's managing committee, was chief guest at the function. Principal Ravinder Kaur highlighted the achievements of college students in the 2011-12 academic session.Grewal distributed a total of 115 prizes were awarded to MEd, BEd and polytechnic students for their achievements in academics, sports and extra curricular activities and encouraged students to work harder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13315191", "title": "Ram Charan, Upasana Wedding Card", "text": "Actor-turned-politician Chiranjeevi and his wife Surekha offered prayers at the Lord Venkateswara temple in Tirupati on Saturday and placed the first wedding card of their son Ram Charan, who is engaged to Upasana Kamineni. But before that, the couple visited Vijayawada Kanaka Durga temple, placed the wedding card at the feet of Durga Ammavaaru and took the divine blessings.Ram Charan's marriage is fixed on June 14, 2012 and the arrangements are already in full swing for the 'mega' event. This 'mega' wedding is planned as a private affair and a grand reception is likely to be hosted in Tirupati the next day for 'mega' fans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "symbolically, last month's news of a hacking attack on more than 600,000 mac computers sent a loud message", "code": "13301851", "title": "'Biggest attack on Apple PCs didn\u2019t pay off'", "text": "Symbolically, last month's news of a hacking attack on more than 600,000 Mac computers sent a loud message: Apple products are now vulnerable to the same kind of mass infections that Microsoft Windows computers are.Financially, however, it was the equivalent of a bounced check - a big flop that likely netted the criminals nothing, according to new research from Symantec.Liam O Murchu, who manages Symantec's security response operations, said in an interview that the attack appears to have been short-circuited by its own high profile. It got so much attention that Symantec and other researchers were able to quickly shut down most of the command-and-control servers, cutting the criminals off from the infected machines. That meant the ad scam the criminals were trying to propagate never reached its full potential.Symantec estimated that of the 600,000 infected machines, only about 10,000 had installed the part of the malicious software that hijacked a user's Google search results, which steered people who clicked on legitimate ads to sites they weren't trying to visit. Less than 2 percent of the entire \"botnet\" of infected computers was utilized.\"They definitely had trouble,\" Murchu said. \"This didn't go smoothly for them.\"More than 10 million fraudulent ads were shown on the infected computers, which generated some 400,000 clicks, according to Symantec. A search for \"toys,\" for instance, would yield all the usual ads for toy stores. Yet clicking on a specific store might take the victim to a different outlet - one that had paid an unauthorized ad network to distribute its ads.Murchu noted that the number of clicks on the fraudulent ads translates into about $14,000 in payments, but that Symantec's monitoring revealed the attackers were not able to collect their money. He declined to provide details, saying that the company's policy is to not disclose methods they use to gain insight into attackers' schemes.\"They did manage to infect a huge number of computers - they put a lot of effort into their infrastructure and from a technical point of view, they seemed to be on the ball,\" he said. \"But from the point of view of collecting the money, they weren't so good.\"Ultimately, the biggest attack on Macs in the computer's history burned so hot that it extinguished itself, Murchu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13309340", "title": "Maid climbs tree, creates drama", "text": "MOHALI: Gajipur Jattan village, near Zirakpur in Mohali, witnessed a dramatic event when a 20-year-old house maid, Pansori, hailing from Jharkhand , climbed a tall mango tree on Friday night.The drama went on for over four hours while local police personnel, fire brigade officials and villagers stood mute spectators. Whenever anyone tried to calm down the maid, she abused him. The police even arranged a net anticipating Pansori might jump off the tree. She was brought down with joint efforts of local police and villagers and has been admitted at Government Medical College &amp; Hospital-32.Pansori was employed with a family at Sector 21 in Panchkula. Her employer had left her at the house of a retired Army official in Gajipur Jattan village for two days ago.SHO of PS Zirakpur Trilochan Singh said, \"The maid is apparently not mentally sound and is admitted in the psychiatry ward at the hospital.In February, 2011, district police Mohali had faced a similar situation when proclaimed offender (PO) Avtar Singh Nagla had climbed a 100m tall eucalyptus tree to avoid police arrest. Nagla had come down only after around 25 days and was arrested for various cheating and forgery cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13309081", "title": "Bhiwandi \u2018assault\u2019: Plea to CM Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "MUMBAI: A group of civil society members has written to CM Prithviraj Chavan against \"injustice\" to Bhiwandi resident Bilal Abdul Qadir Shaikh who was allegedly assaulted by traffic cops for breaking a signal on May 2.After an argument with the cops, Sheikh was beaten up brutally which left one of his arms fractured. The cops slapped another charge on him on May 14 and he was sent to judicial custody. Shocked at the way the four cops were involved in the assault on Bilal, the members of The Moderates, an online discussion group, questioned why the cops have not been suspended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "13309557", "title": "Youth killed in scuffle over tree in Malda", "text": "MALDA: A scuffle over cutting off a branch of a mango tree led to the death of a youth and injured five more persons at Satgharia village of Milki gram panchayat in Malda on Saturday. Two persons have been arrested in this connection and a 9-mm pistol has been seized from them.Locals said that Runu Sk, 32, had a mango orchard in the area. Of late, a branch of one of the trees had entered into the area of Hafiz Sk. Though Hafiz asked Runu to cut off the branch and warned him of the consequences if he did not comply, Runu did not give importance to the matter.On Saturday, Hafiz and his associates, hence, chopped off the branch which infuriated Runu. When he protested against Hafiz's act, a scuffle broke out between the two. Hafiz then reportedly took out a gun and started firing indiscriminately. Jafrul Sk, 19, one of Runu's relatives, died on the spot when bullets hit. Runu was also shot in the arm and belly. His condition is said to be serious.Besides, the clash left Hafiz, Tinku, Babu and Gablu Sk injured and they were admitted to the Malda Medical College and Hospital.With area becoming tense, police from the English Bazaar Police Station and RAF personnel had to be deployed in the area to bring the situation under control.Police have arrested two persons - Habibur Sk and Rabiul Sk - in connection with the clash. Both the accused are associates of Hafiz.SP Jayanta Pal said, \"A clash broke out regarding a mango tree and a person was shot dead. We have arrested two and looking for more.\"One person was shot dead and another injured in a clash which began with a tiff with cutting mango branch. Four more were wounded in the clash and were hospitalized. All this took place at village Satgharia of Milki gram panchayet under English Bazaar Police Station.It is learnt that Runu Sk (32) had a mango orchard in that area. Of late the branch of one of the mango trees had grown to enter the area of one Hafiz Sk. Hafiz had earlier warned Runu in this regard but of no avail. Today Hafiz and his associates had cut down the branch. This infuriated Runu who protested against it and the scuffle broke out. During the quarrel between two groups, Hafiz reportedly took out a gun and fired indiscriminately. Jafrul Sk (19), one of Runu's relatives, was shot dead on spot while Runu too had shot on his arm and belly. Besides, the clash left injured Hafiz, Tinku, Babu and Gablu Sk. All of them were taken to Malda Medical College and Hospital.As Runu belonged to Trinamool Congress and Hafiz to CPM, the clash soon took a political turn. The entire area became tense. Police from English Bazaar Police Station along with RAF were deployed in the area to control the situation. Police had arrested two persons ---Habibur Sk and Rabiul Sk (Hafiz's men) in connection with the clash. Police Super Jayanta Pal said, \"A calsh broke out regarding a mango tree and a person was shot dead. We have arrested two and looking for more.\" He conceded that condition of Runu too was serious. A 9 mm pistol was recovered from the arrested duo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "13309998", "title": "Denizens rejoice minister's announcement of Central University of Bihar at Gaya", "text": "GAYA: The categorical statement made by Union junior HRD minister E Ahmad that the Central University of Bihar (CUB) will be established at Gaya, not Motihari, as the expert committee has rejected Motihari, has brought cheers to Gayaites. Ahmad made the government stand known in the Rajya Sabha on Friday in response to BJP MP Tarun Vijay's question.Welcoming the minister's statement, CUB Struggle Committee convener Sanjay Sahay said he had always been optimistic about the establishment of Central University of Bihar at Gaya. Earlier, the Struggle Committee held agitational programmes including dharnas, public awareness campaigns, torchlight processions and even organised a highly successful bandh in support of its demand for establishment of CUB at Gaya.Asked if he still apprehends any sabotage in the move to establish CUB at Gaya, Sahay said he hoped that the statesman in chief minister Nitish Kumar will prevail over the politician in him and hopefully he would not put obstacles in the way of CUB establishment at Gaya.Asked about the second phase of agitation on the CUB issue, the Struggle Committee convener said that he did not see any reason to re-launch the agitation as things were moving in the right direction and any attempt to hasten things up at this stage may prove counter-productive. At this stage, there was no need to agitate, said Sahay.Earlier, the Union HRD ministry had dropped enough hints that it was committed to establish CUB at Gaya. A CUB team recently visited Gaya to interact with local mediapersons, students and teachers to make them aware of the educational programmes conducted by CUB, temporarily located at BIT, Mesra, Patna campus, and also decided to conduct both online and offline admission test for CUB at Gaya.CUB watchers earlier saw the Union HRD minister, Kapil Sibal's advice to the CUB Struggle Committee delegation to have patience, as a positive signal for CUB establishment at Gaya.Insiders believe that armed with a favourable report from the expert group, the Union HRD ministry has little to worry about as it has got the land as well as the money to establish CUB at Gaya. Moreover, ever since his one-to-one luncheon meet with Sibal, CM Nitish Kumar has not said or done anything that may worry Gaya CUB supporters.Reacting to Ahmad's statement made in Parliament on Friday, Prof M N Anjum, one of the members of the CUB Struggle Committee delegation that earlier met Kapil Sibal in Delhi, said that CUB establishment at Gaya was now only a matter of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13309618", "title": "2 new IIT training schools soon", "text": "PANAJI: The Dempo Charities Trust is set to open two new higher secondary schools -one in Panaji and the other in Margao-from the new academic year. The schools will function from 8am to 4pm and train students for the Class XII public exams as well as other competitive exams like the entrance test to the Indian Institutes of Technology and the Goa Common Entrance Test, among others.\"While the Panaji institute will be run in collaboration with the Dempo Higher Secondary School of Science, the Margao school will operate in association with the Vidya Vikas Academy. We have tied up with a reputed IIT entrance training institute based in Mumbai to train students for various competitive entrance examinations to professional courses. The schools will begin operations from June 15,\" Sunil Prabhudesai, administrator for Dempo Charities Trust, announced at a public event held in Panaji on Saturday.\"The school will follow a very different format from regular schools and will function from 8am to 4pm. This will help students preparing for competitive exams because they don't have to worry about rushing for their coaching classes after they finish school in the mornings. We will offer regular Class XI and XII studies as well as training for competitive exams under one roof,\" Prabhudesai said.Those manning a stall put up to publicize the new higher secondary schools, at an education fair in Panaji, said that the Dempo Charities Trust has tied up with Mumbai-based training institute Pace and that students will be charged around 80-90,000 per annum for the training.While those studying at the higher secondary in Panaji will study the Goa Board syllabus, students in the Margao institute will train under the syllabus of the Central Board of Secondary Education. Students will receive training for any national competitive exam they want to answer along with coaching for better Class XII results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13309247", "title": "Spreading awareness against HIV", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A Panjab University assistant professor along with commonwealth youth programme staff on Saturday lit about 700 earthen lamps to mark the eve of International AIDS Candlelight Memorial Day.Stating that HIV cases had nearly doubled in the city from 3,733 in 2006 to 6,136 in 2012 as per STI surveillance by state aids control society, Gaurav Gaur, a faculty at PU's department of social work, said teachers would have to play an integral part in spreading message regarding AIDS awareness.\"The event is marked every third Sunday of May. This time it is being observed across 115 countries and it is a special occasion to make people more aware about the deadly disease and bring the society together in contributing for the cause,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13309277", "title": "Mercury takes an upward swing across Rajasthan, Jhalawar recorded hottest at 44.6\u00b0C", "text": "JAIPUR: After a spell of pleasant weather, the mercury took an upward swing across the state and affected normal life. Temperatures in almost every part of the state witnessed a rise by two to four degrees Celsius and Jhalawar remained the hottest in the state with a maximum temperature of 44.6 degrees Celsius, the Met reports said on Saturday.Attributing the climatic change to the vanishing western disturbances and sudden revival of upper air cyclonic circulation, the Met office said the temperatures will rise further in the state.Jaipurites woke up to comparatively warmer morning as the city had a minimum temperature of 27 degrees Celsius, almost one degree above normal. It was followed by a hot and humid afternoon and city recorded a maximum temperature of 40.8 degrees Celsius and humidity up to 51 per cent.After a weeklong dip in the mercury when Jaipur had its maximum temperatures below 40 degree Celsius, the city witnessed its maximum temperatures above 40 degrees on Saturday. Later in the evening, heavy dust storms and cloudy conditions brought some relief. People came out and thronged at joints including juice corners and ice cream parlours to beat the heat.At some of the places around Jaipur some trees fell down, following the dust storm, but no injury or damage to property was reported.Jhalwar was followed by Sriganganagar and Churu a maximum temperature of 43.4 degrees Celsius, Jaisalmer 43.3, Barmer 43.1, Vanasthali 41.4, Kota 41.3, Chittorgarh 40.7, Jodhpur 40.6, Pilani 40.5, Udaipur 39.6 and Ajmer recorded a maximum temperature of 38.4 degrees Celsius.Despite a high speed dust storm in the evening, the air traffic was smooth at the Terminal 2 and Sanganer airport in Jaipur. Majority of the flights landed and took off on their stipulated time.In its forecast, the Met office said light to heavy rainfall may occur late on Saturday evening in Jaipur. While in the next 24 hours some parts of eastern and southern Rajasthan may witnessed rains and dust storms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13310704", "title": "ICSE results: Success despite disability and disadvantages", "text": "MUMBAI: Of the 10,754 students who appeared for the ICSE examination from Maharashtra this year, there were a few who had to work harder than the rest; a few who entered the race despite a disadvantage.Sejal Jain (16) from St Mary's High School in Koparkhairane got measles on the day of her Maths paper. She chose to give the exam anyway, and scored 83 out of 100 in the paper. \"I was expecting higher marks but I am happy. I would not have been able to make it through if not for the support of my parents,\" said Sejal , who plans to take up Science and aspires to become a pilot in the IAF.Close to 13 students with learning disabilities from Gundecha Academy in Kandivli (E) appeared for the ICSE examinations and school authorities are more than happy with the results. Juhi Mehta (16) from the same school, who has hearing and speech impairment, scored 64%. Her mother Aruna, speaking for Juhi, said, \"She plans to take up Commerce as she wishes to become a chartered accountant.\" Juhi was only given an extra 20 minutes for her disability, but managed to make the best of the situation.According to information provided by the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations (CISCE), of the total students who appeared for the exams, 501 have learning disabilities. Of this lot, 40 scored over 90%. There were 32 visually challenged candidates, of whom 12 scored above 90%. A total of 18 students gave the exams from hospitals and five of them managed a score over 90%.Akhilesh Palekar (16), a student of Gundecha Education Academy, was taken by surprise when a few days before his Physics paper, he found his body covered with boils. His doctor diagnosed him with chicken pox. Akhilesh said, \"My entire body was itching and it was quite a distraction but somehow, I managed to concentrate on my books.\"Girl expelled from school in fee hike controversy scores 85%Adhishree Gopalkrishnan, who was expelled from her school last year because her parents protested the fee hike, scored 85% (best-five subjects) in the ICSE board exam. After being expelled from Vibgyor High in Goregaon, the 15-yearold was unable to gain admission into nearby schools. And so the Goregaon resident travelled 40km to and from St Gregorios School in Chembur every day. Adhishree said she did not enrol in any coaching or private tuition classes simply because there was no time. \"She would leave home at 6.30am and return at 5pm. In spite of the trauma she had to go through after expulsion, my daughter managed to score 85%,\" said her mother Avisha Kulkarni.Adhishree plans to pursue Arts in a college in Mumbai. \"I managed to beat the odds because of my determination to succeed. I studied on my own and my teachers were helpful too,\" she said. She wants to study law after completing Class XII. -- TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13309430", "title": "Court notice to Zakia Jafri, special investigation team on Jan Sangharsh Manch plea", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Metropolitan magistrate V J Kalotara on Saturday issued notice to Zakia Jafri and the supreme court-appointed special investigation team (SIT) after a civil rights organization - Jan Sangharsh Manch (JSM) objected to Jafri's demand of JSM report on call records analysis.After being provided with a copy of final report by the SIT, Jafri had sought 20 other documents saying that they are relevant but the probe agency did not supply them. A report-analysis of call records furnished by senior IPS officer Rahul Sharma is also one of the documents sought by Jafri.JSM lawyer Shamshad Pathan filed an application objecting to Jafri's demand of the report saying that the organization had submitted it to the SIT.The objection was mainly on the ground that special judge hearing the Naroda Patia case, Jyotsnaben Yagnik had passed an order that the JSM document cannot be produced anywhere by the SIT or it should not part with the document except compelled by law till submission of its final report on further probe. tnnThe Naroda Patia court had ordered so after JSM's 2009 plea for further probe was put in abeyance by the court on the SIT's statement that further probe was underway. Advocate Pathan argued that the SIT cannot supply copy of the JSM report to Jafri since the probe agency has been barred to do so by the sessions court.After hearing these arguments, the magisterial court has sought reply from Jafri and the SIT in this regard and kept further hearing on the issue on May 25. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13308767", "title": "Sex racket busted, four arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four women, including the alleged owner of a brothel, were arrested for prostitution in the Rajender Nagar area. Police said they were probing whether the women were operating out of the area especially for the IPL season.The purported brothel owner told her interrogators two of the women nabbed were natives of Delhi while one of them was from Nepal , a police source said. The women had taken to prostitution around six months back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13308832", "title": "Rickshawman assaults, robs labourer near Swargate", "text": "PUNE: An autorickshaw driver and his accomplice allegedly assaulted a 30-year-old labourer from Osmanabad with a sharp weapon and looted Rs 30,000 and a cellphone. The incident took place on Friday afternoon at Sathe colony near Swargate.Vinod Waman Pawale, who sustained a head injury in the incident, went to the Swargate police station, from where he was asked to go the Khadak police station to lodge a complaint.The Khadak police registered the offence under section 394 (Voluntarily causing hurt in committing robbery) of the Indian Penal Code.The complainant Pawle, who works as a sugarcane cutter had come to Pune on Friday to make advance payment of Rs 30,000 to another labourer, who resides in Pune. He had gone to Mohammedwadi to his brother's residence in the morning, police said.Police said Pawle contacted his friend and the duo decided to meet at the Mahatma Phule Mandai. Pawle took a bus from Hadapsar and got down at Swargate around 1 pm. He took an autorickshaw to reach Mandai. There was one person with the driver in the autorickshaw.\"The suspects drove the autorickshaw towards Sathe colony. On the way the driver's friend threatened Pawle with a sharp weapon and snatched his mobile,\" said assistant police inspector D S Bhalsingh of the Khadak police station.Bhalsingh said the driver stopped the autorickshaw at a secluded place in Sathe colony. The driver's friend assaulted Pawle on his head with the weapon and snatched Rs 30,000 from him. The duo then fled from the spot. Bhalsingh added, \"We registered Pawle's complaint and sent him to the hospital for medical treatment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13309367", "title": "Diplomat accuses police of assault", "text": "KOLKATA: A visa officer of the Italian Consulate in Kolkata has lodged a complaint against a plainclothes policeman, accusing the cop of assaulting him and his two sons inside the Karaya police station on Friday night. The officer, GP Paul, said that the incident happened when he went to lodge a complaint after being beaten up by some local goons in front of Dalhousie Institute (DI). The goons also snatched his wallet, two gold chains and an iPod, Paul said.The Karaya police have, however, filed a counter complaint against Paul, alleging him of heckling cops inside the police station, in a drunken state.Paul said he and his two sons, Ayush, 16, and Avilash, 23, had gone to DI for dinner. When they were leaving at around 10.40pm, they found some motorbikes parked in front of their car. He then asked the local youths to shift the bikes to make way for his car, following which an altercation ensued with a security guard of a private company. The guard's office is opposite to the club. \"The security guard called some locals who started beating me and my elder son Avilash. WhenI tried to intervene even I too was assaulted and beaten up by the security guard and local goons,\" Paul said. \"They started beating us all of a sudden during an altercation as I had only asked them to remove the motorbike. There was no provocation from our end,\" Paul addedTaken aback by the event, Paul went to Karaya police station to lodge a complaint. \"When we went inside the police station, one of the policemen, who was not in uniform but had a walkie talkie tucked into his police belt, suddenly started slapping my son who was already bleeding from the blows he received from the guard and locals. I tried to intervene, but the policeman also assaulted me,\" the officer said. When his younger son Ayush tried to intervene and stop the policeman, he too was beaten up.\"When I saw him beating up my brother, I also tried to intervene but the officer also slapped me and my spectacle broke,\" said Ayush. Ayush said that he along with his brother then narrated the entire incident to the officer in charge, S Majumder. \"My elder brother almost fainted and had to be picked up. We called our family friends to take us to National Medical College and Hospital and the policemen escorted us to the hospital,\" he said. Paul and his two sons were treated and discharged.A senior police officer said that an inquiry has been initiated into the case. \"Whoever is found guilty, won't be spared,\" assured the officer.However, sources in the police alleged that Paul and his elder son were in an inebriated state. They were abusive and assaulted police personnel on duty. Police hence lodged a counter complaint of assault against the duo.Paul had various other allegations against the police. He said that after the medical examination, police were not allowing them to go back to Karaya police station. \"They asked us to go to other police stations,\" said Paul.It was well past midnight that Paul managed to lodge a complaint. \"When we returned, we could not locate the policeman who had assaulted us. The police did not take any steps to come down and record our statements,\" he alleged. Paul further said that he will be complaining to the West Bengal Human Rights Commission against the officer in charge for shielding the guilty policeman.Paul's advocate Dipankar Mukherjee said that officials of any diplomatic mission have special immunity under the law and are protected under the Vienna and Geneva Convention and also the UN Charter and cannot be assaulted. Paul cannot be arrested since he enjoys diplomatic immunity, said Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13308969", "title": "Molestation case: Zohal Hamid moves women\u2019s commission", "text": "NEW DELHI: Zohal Hamid, who was allegedly molested by IPL player Luke Pomersbach on Friday morning, served a legal notice against Siddharth Mallya on Saturday, alleging that he had maligned her reputation.Zohal also submitted a complaint to the Delhi Commission for Women against Mallya, the director of the Team Bangalore. She visited DCW chairperson Barkha Singh's Safdarjung Enclave residence on Saturday afternoon. Arriving with a posse of lawyers and friends, Zohal spoke to Singh privately and submitted her written complaint. \"I am hurt and upset about the comments made by Mr. Mallya and have submitted a complaint. My lawyers will be initiating legal action if he doesn't apologize for his behaviour,\" said Zohal after submitting the complaint.In the complaint, Zohal has said she is a citizen of the US and was complaining against Mallya. \"Using social networking site Twitter, he tried to malign me and outrage my modesty. The allegations levelled against me are completely untrue and false and is meant to cast aspersion and demean my character,\" she said, adding that she demanded an apology and was already a victim of molestation.Mallya attacked her in a tweet after she had made allegations against Pomersbach, a player of the Team Bangalore. He accused her of talking nonsense and went on to say, \"She was all over me last night (Thursday) and asked for my bbm (blackberry messenger) pin.\"DCW chairperson Singh said she would take up the matter formally at the commission on Monday. \"I have received the complaint. I have spoken to the victim and we will take action accordingly,\" she said.\"I did meet (Siddharth) Mallya. Sahil was with me. But I am really hurt and disappointed with the comments he made later,\" said Zohal.Zohal was a picture of poise on Saturday, breaking down only at the mention of Sahil. \"He is still unwell. He was beaten up so badly. I am going straight to the hospital from here,\" said Zohal, her voice cracking with emotion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bankura (wb)", "code": "13318668", "title": "Elephant run over by train", "text": "Bankura (WB): An elephant was killed after being hit by an express train between Bishnupur and Piardoba stations in Bankura district this afternoon.Police sources said the 'resident elephant' of the forest department was hit by the Purulia-bound Rupasi Bangla Express when it was crossing the tracks.The pachyderm, which used to roam in the forested parts of the area, was mutilated under the impact and its carcass recovered later.The incident caused disruption in halt in the train movement in the section, under South-Eastern Railway, for some time.Forest officials visited the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13309373", "title": "Panjab University hostels are students' battleground", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University boys' hostels, it appears, are fast becoming breeding grounds for students to settle their scores. As many as 20 boys were nabbed by UT police late on Friday night from hostel number 8 on the complaint of a student leader residing in the same hostel, who anticipated an attack on him.In what turned out to be a tussle between members of Panjab University Students' Union (PUSU) and Indian National Students' Union (INSO), the incident was a nightmare for hostel inmates. This development comes a few weeks after a bizarre incident where PU boys entered into a scuffle with a hostel warden.However, last night all rounded up youths were found to be PU students and were let off after brief questioning.PU's chief security officer P K Dhawan added, \"Before the students could enter into any violent scuffle, the situation was averted. We had taken a considerate view of the situation since the exams are going on.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13310210", "title": "18-year-old boy booked for lover's suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: 18-year-old Sumit, son of Guinness record holder for continuous singing Sunil Waghmare, was booked for abetment of suicide of 17-year-old Komal Bagde, purportedly his girlfriend by the Kotwali police.The offence was registered eight and half months after the suicide. On September 19 last year, Komal Bagde, a Std XI student, had set herself ablaze at her Chitnispura residence. She died seven days later.After investigations, police concluded that Komal was having an affair with Lakdipul resident Sumit, an ITI student. On September 19, the couple was talking on their cell phones when Komal's call got disconnected. Sumit rushed to her house and scolded Komal, who was alone at that time, for disconnecting his call. Police said that Komal had warned Sumit not to fight as she would then kill herself. Komal then set herself afire.Initially, Kotwali police had registered a case of accidental death but later found Sumit guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13308367", "title": "Pregnant woman found murdered on Faridabad road", "text": "GURGAON: An unidentified, two months' pregnant woman, aged around 26, was found murdered on Faridabad road on Friday night.The victim was wearing jeans and a top. The police have registered a case of murder against unknown persons and have started the investigation. The body has been sent to the Civil Hospital and the postmortem revealed that she was pregnant.Preliminary investigation reveals the victim was unmarried and most likely was murdered by someone known to her. The police have sent a wireless message to adjoining districts of Faridabad and Delhi, to seek help in identifying the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "13309339", "title": "Bail plea of Italian naval guards rejected", "text": "KOLLAM: A local court on Saturday rejected the bail petition of two Italian naval guards accused of killing two Indian fishermen off the Kerala coast earlier this year.Latore Massimiliano and Salvatore Girone on board Italian ship 'Enrica Lexie' had allegedly shot dead the two on February 15 apparently mistaking them for pirates. They were arrested four days later.The court said granting them bail would impact the case's future course \"considering the larger interest of the state and public\". It said the petitioners are foreigners and the court cannot ensure their presence during the trail if they were granted bail.\"Considering the nature and seriousness of the offence, circumstance in which the offence was committed, and the position and status of the accused in this case, the court is of the view that bail need not be granted,'' Kollam's district and sessions judge P D Rajan said. \"The court is also concerned about the possibility of the presence of the accused during the trial and the apprehension of the prosecution regarding evidence being tampered with.''The court clarified that the guarantee offered by the Italian government cannot be considered while granting bail and as the chargesheet has been submitted to the court. It said the proper remedy is to expedite the trial to ensure justice as early as possible.naval guards' lawyer said that they will move the high court with the bail application.Police had filed the chargesheet against the naval guards charging them with murder under the Indian Penal Code and also invoking the International Maritime Law. Hours after the chargesheet was filed, Italy called back its ambassador to India for \"consultations\". Italy insists the incident occurred in international waters and the naval guards should be tried in Italian courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "sbs nagar", "code": "13309076", "title": "'Path' and party make Nayan's day special", "text": "SBS NAGAR: House number 187-D of Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar was abuzz with activity on Saturday as the Khanna family celebrated the 12th birthday of their son Nayan with great fanfare. Seeking a long life for their son the family first organized Sukhmani Sahib ''path'' at their home and then threw a party for their friends and relatives.The birthday boy's mother, Shubha, said, ''We had been planning for Nayan's party for the past one month. Since Sukhmani 'path' is being organized by many people in our are in hounour of Guru Arjan Dev, we also decided to host one at our home. It is very important to seek God's blessings so that our son can grow well in life and have wisdom to make the right choices. We also wanted to share our joy with family and friends so we had a small get together too.''Flaunting a new pair of jeans and shirt, Nayan said he celebrated with his school friends. ''We had a great time together. They smeared me with cake... It was fun,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13310811", "title": "Vadodara scores 100% in ICSE, ISC examinations", "text": "VADODARA: City-based schools on Saturday achieved 100% results in the Indian Certificate for Secondary Education (ICSE) and Indian School Certificate (ISC) examinations conducted by the Council for Indian School Certificate Examinations (CISCE).Forty-two students, who had appeared for the ICSE (class X), and 16 students, who sat for ISC (class XII) from the city, have cleared their exams. There are two schools in the city - Nalanda International School and Billabong High International School - affiliated to the CISCE.\"Both in class X and class XII we have achieved 100% results as 30 students who had appeared for class X exams and 16, who took class XII exams, have cleared the exams,\" principal of Nalanda International School Shoba Menon told TOI.\"In class X, 18 students have achieved distinction while in class XII, nine of our students have got distinction,\" said Menon, adding that the highest percentage in class X at the school was 94.57 whereas in class XII, the highest percentage stood at 89.17.\"All the 12 students who had appeared for class X exams from our school have cleared the exams in first division,\" principal of Billabong High International School Priti Shrimal said, adding that a student - Varun Joglekar - has received highest percentage.\"He (Varun) has also received 100 out of 100 in two subjects - environment education and computer applications,\" said Shrimal, adding that in best of five subjects, ten students (almost 80%) from the school have received distinction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13310128", "title": "Combined entrance examination begins with physics, chemistry", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Combined Entrance Examination (CEE) for engineering and medical students of the state, which began on Saturday, saw a huge turnout of students at the different examination halls in the city.TK Goswami, a professor from the Dibrugarh University that conducts the CEE said, \"The exams began with Physics and Chemistry. Physics was held in the first half and the turn out of students was satisfactory. The Chemistry paper began at 2pm. Dibrugarh University has been conducting the examination for the last six years and it has been going on smoothly so far.\"The professor said that instead of installing CCTV cameras in the examination halls, as was said earlier, a special video recording was done in all the venues to record the exam procedure and to check anomalies. But, while college authorities claimed that the question paper was good, some students said it was tough and lengthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13320114", "title": "Mumbai police bust rave party; 19 foreign nationals among 100 detained", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai Police on Sunday evening claims to have busted a rave party. Over 100 people have been detained and medical reports are awaited, TV reports said.According to TV reports, as many as 58 boys and 30 girls are reportedly to have attended the rave party at a Juhu hotel in Mumbai. About 19 foreign national among those present at rave party.The police have also seized 110 grams of cocaine from the famous Oak Woods Hotel, where the rave party was being held.Top police officer carried the raids, which is still on in different places in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13308618", "title": "Battling skin discolouration", "text": "PUNE: Vishakha (name changed) won the hearts of her in-laws soon after marriage with her culinary skills.But the good times lasted only till her skin began to lose pigmentation which doctors diagnosed as vitiligo. Chalky white patches surfaced on her hands and soon on her face.Her in-laws wanted their son to desert her as they thought 'kod' (vitiligo or leucoderma) was contagious and would pass on to others, even the next generation.Her parents would not take her back as they thought it would mar the marriage prospects of their other daughters. Her condition and the lack of support led Vishakha into depression.Lakhs in India suffer from this condition, and though is not contagious, painful, itchy or dangerous, what it does to the skin can cause damage socially, psychologically and professionally.The disorder is characterised by white patches on the skin. It is not present at birth and may show up between the ages of 10 and 30 in about half the people who get it.\"Although vitiligo is a cosmetic skin problem, those affected may slip into depression , even contemplate suicide. People must be educated about vitiligo not being a disease but a skin condition that can be treated. It does not spread through contact,\" senior skin specialist Vidyadhar Sardesai said. He has been treating people with vitiligo for 20 years.According to him, women with vitiligo are treated badly. \"If young women develop the skin condition before marriage, their chances of getting married become remote, and if it develops after marriage, they face marital problems, often resulting in divorce and ostracism,\" Sardesai said. He is the president of the Indian association of dermatologists, venereologists and leprologists, Pune branch that has 130 members.His colleague in the profession Yashawant Tawade said school-going children with vitiligo are also ostracised.\"There were instances when such children were not given any part in the school's cultural programmes. It makes them diffident,\" Tawade said.Educated people from urban areas are more biased about people with vitiligo, he added.\"Many matrimonial advertisements carry informaiton about girls with white patches. A person with vitiligo marrying another person with vitiligo is medically not recommended as there is a slightly higher chance of it passing on to the next generation,\" Tawade said.But matches with people not having vitiligo are rare, he added. He has written a book \"Vitiligo\" for post-graduate medical students specialising in dermatology.People with vitiligo find employment with difficulty. \"Even if only one person in the family has vitiligo, the social stigma affects all the members,\" he added.Better treatments may be on the way. Surgical treatment of vitiligo has advanced in the last few years. \"The results are encouraging and patients must not lose hope,\" experts said.One such modality is melanocyte (melanin producing cells) implantation. A patient's pigment cells are taken from normal skin and implanted onto the depigmented or vitiligo affected skin.\"This is especially useful for large patches where the conventional treatment of skin grafting was a bit difficult as well as cumbersome. The treatment is available in Pune,\" Sardesai said.For localised non-spreading vitiligo, medical treatment gives good results. \"Besides, phototherapy with narrow band ultra-violet B light and laser therapy with excimer laser also gives good results in widespread and localised vitiligo respectively,\" Sardesai said.Proper diet rich in anti-oxidents which can be gained from fresh fruits and green leafy vegetables, a good lifestyle free of stress also aids in controlling the skin condition.What is vitiligo ?Vitiligo or Leucoderma is not a disease per se. It is an auto-immune disorder. Melanocycles or cells producing melanin pigment sometimes gradually decrease in number leading to white patches on the skin. This de-pigmentation of the skin does not affect other organs of the body. Cosmetic disfigurements and fear of hereditary transmission has attached an undue social stigma to this disorder. Vitiligo is not a contagious disease and it does not affect physical and mental capability of a person in any manner. Many people having vitiligo have gained prominence in various walks of life.Facts* According to experts, vitiligo occurs worldwide with an overall prevalence of 1 to 2 per cent, and its incidence ranges from 0.1 to 8.8 per cent in different countries.* The highest incidence of vitiligo has been recorded among the people of the Indian subcontinent.* The plight of those afflicted with vitiligo is made worse in India by certain religious beliefs associated with the condition.* Ancient texts refer to the disorder as shweta kushta (white leprosy), a variation of leprosy.* These misnomers have virtually pushed vitiligo-affected persons to the edge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13308923", "title": "Bikers, truck driver killed in separate accidents", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three persons died in accidents reported between Friday and Saturday. In the first accident, a 21-year-old man was crushed by a DTC low-floor bus near Moolchand flyover. Police identified the victim as Vijay Chaudhary, a resident of MCD flats in the Sriniwaspuri area. Chaudhary worked with a five-star hotel.\"The incident occurred around 7.30am. Chaudhary was on his bike when the bus hit him from behind. He was rushed to AIIMS, where he was pronounced dead. The accused driver has been identified as Rakesh,\" a police official said.In another accident, a 25-year-old driver was killed after his truck turned turtle in the Pandav Nagar area of East Delhi in the early hours of Saturday. Vijay, who was driving the truck, spotted a pothole near Mother Dairy. In a bid to avoid it, he lost control of the truck and hit the divider before ramming into a tree. The truck then overturned. Police said Vijay was rushed to Lal Bahadur Shastri Hospital, where he was declared brought dead. Two others persons were also injured in the accident.The third accident was reported from the Paschim Vihar area of West Delhi. A police official said a home guard was killed while his fellow rider was injured after their bike was hit by an unidentified vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13309845", "title": "Government to bid for All India Council for Technical Education's regional centre at Patna", "text": "PATNA: There is a move to have a regional centre of the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) here for Bihar and Jharkhand. The state science and technology department, in all likelihood, will take up the matter with Union human resources development (HRD) in this regard.\"There is definite understanding in the science and technology department that there should be a regional centre of AICTE, located at Patna , to address the needs of Bihar and Jharkhand. For, getting a letter of approval (LoA) from, or recognition of, AICTE for any new engineering college or a polytechnic centre in public sector gets delayed,\" said state science and technology department director Shribhagwan Singh.In the circumstances, normatively, the state government would pursue the matter with Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal , through letter or a formal meeting on the issue.He said if the AICTE has its regional centre here, it would be \"easier or slightly convenient\" to pursue the matter with it, as the state government has willy-nilly made up its mind to give a substantial push to establishment of institutions like engineering colleges and polytechnic institutes in the state, both of which would require final AICTE approval before starting their academic session.Asked if getting the LoA from AICTE was actually difficult even for opening technical institutions in the public sector, Singh said, \"It is not difficult if the criteria defined are complied with. At our end, we approach it for its approval only after things are ready, but the criteria set by AICTE are more in keeping with engineering institutions in the private sector; like they ask for three-year audited accounts from a chartered accountant, but the government institutions are audited by AG and allotments for them are made through state budget. The institutions, run by a government, have different norms for financial and other matters.\"The anxiety of science and technology department has increased in the light of its recent experience to get AICTE approval for engineering college at Chhapra and polytechnic institute at Katihar. As is learnt, senior officials of the department had to hold both informal and formal discussions with the AICTE, Delhi, for at least five times, beginning last year, and the AICTE approval had still not been given.Incidentally, the state government has already decided to open four new polytechnic institutions next year, one each in Nalanda, Vaishali, Rohtas and Lakhisarai districts. Besides, eighth engineering college is in the process of coming up at Barauni in Begusarai district, and more such institutions are to follow.\"We would always look forward to having early clearance from the AICTE for them,\" said an official of the department, adding, \"If the AICTE decides to start its regional centre at Patna, things would become relatively easier, as its location in the state capital would provide easy proximity and access. Jharkhand , too, would benefit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13310607", "title": "4 Nato trucks go to Afghanistan, Pakistan says routes to open soon", "text": "WASHINGTON: Pakistan is about to resume normal arrangement of trucks with Nato supplies passing through its territory, the country's top diplomat in Islamabad has said, amidst reports that officials for the first time in six months have allowed four trucks to go to Afghanistan .\"Truck cargo was suspended . Some humanitarian supplies may have drifted through, and those are humanitarian supplies. So, this is a new beginning, and obviously , it brings good tidings,\" the Pakistan ambassador to the US, Sherry Rehman said in Washington on Friday.The Nato trucks were carrying office supplies for the US embassy in Kabul.\"Yes, I think that we are looking at a positive conversation ,\" Rehman said when asked whether Pakistan is about to resume the normal arrangement allowing trucks to bring supplies to US and Nato troops in Afghanistan.She, however, refused to respond to questions on the new transit tax being imposed by Pakistan on Nato trucks.There are reports that Pakistan is demanding somewhere between $5,000 to $6,000 per container - an 34 fold increase in the existing rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13310149", "title": "Chief minister condoles demise of Baba Jai Gurudev", "text": "LUCKNOW: Expressing grief over the death of Baba Jai Gurudev, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said with his demise 'virtually an age is over'. He taught his disciples to follow the principles of honesty and simplicity. \"It is an irreparable loss,\" he said. The CM expressed confidence that there would be no conflict on the issue of finding a successor to him. Baba taught people on how to move ahead and how to lead a successful life in spite of poverty, he said.Baba Jai Gurudev, who had millions of followers, passed away in Mathura on Friday night after prolonged illness. He was 116. In his last moments, he was brought to Mathura from the Medanta City Hospital in Gurgaon. As news of his demise spread, thousands of devotees made a beeline to his ashram on the Agra-Delhi highway, weeping inconsolably.Considered a cult figure for his simplicity and social service, Jai Gurudev had followers mostly in villages and small towns. Known for preaching simple living, his devotees wore clothes made of jute and cotton. Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav and PWD minister Shivpal Singh Yadav, are ardent admirers of Jai Gurudev. Managers at his ashram said the body would be kept for two days to allow his followers and devotees to pay their last respects. Baba's ashram has announced that his cremation would take place on the evening of May 21. The chief minister said that full security would be provided for cremation.Earlier, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, who came to Mathura to condole the death of Baba said, \"I came to know about the death from newspapers today. To work as per his ideals would be a befitting tribute to Baba.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13308834", "title": "Maharashtra plans special centre for kids on Marine Drive", "text": "MUMBAI: The state administration has plans to use an open plot near the Taraporewala Aquarium to construct a special complex with recreational facilities for children.The plot is owned by the state and is currently in possession of the Bal Bhavan Trust, which is run by the state education department. The administration is toying with the idea of amalgamating this plot with a piece of land next to it. The second plot is also owned by the state and is in possession of the Bal Bhavan Trust. It houses the office of the Maharashtra Prathamik Shikshan Parishad and there are plans to dismantle this building.The new complex will have a state-of-the-art theatre, an auditorium, a museum, a public library, a reading room and facilities for indoor sports, including table tennis, badminton, carom, and chess. Once the two plots are amalgated, the facility will be spread across 34,000-odd sq ft.With a floor space index of five available on the plots, the state plans to construct a five-storey complex. The first three floors will be used to set up recreational facilities and the upper two floors will serve as the office of the Shikshan Parishad. A senior official said the recreational facilities will be open to all children.The Bal Bhavan Trust already runs one such centre in the vicinity. \"It has a small theatre which needs to be revamped,\" said the official. Skating, calligraphy and indoor games are some of facilities offered to children at the existi the official said. \"The education department is identifying other plots which can be developed for child education and recreation.\"Jageshwar Saharia, additional chief secretary, education, confirmed the development, but said the plans were at a nascent stage.A clearance from the ministry of environment and forest will be needed as the plot falls in the coastal regulation zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13309792", "title": "Defence Research and Development Organisation develops affordable cochlea implant", "text": "BANGALORE: Here's an indigenous cochlear implant to enable severely hearing-impaired people to hear. Scientists at Bangalore's Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) lab -- Defence Bio-engineering and Electro-Medical Laboratory (Debel) -- under the leadership of Naval Science and Technological Laboratory (NSTL), Vishakapatnam, developed this surgically implanted electronic device.It will convey sound to people severely hard of hearing due to loss of sensory hair cells in the cochlea. \"The implant, also known as the bionic ear, will be available for clinical trials within four months. After trials at five centres in the country, the implant will be used for commercial production,\" said chief designer V Bhujanga Rao of NSTL and DRDO scientist VK Atre.Atre said: \"These are three distinct groups of potential users. They may have lost hearing due to diseases such as meningitis. The implant will serve different needs and have different outcomes.\"As per DRDO estimates, nearly 1 million people in India need cochlear implants. \"Every year, around 10,000 hearing-impaired children are born. Unfortunately, an imported cochlear implant is very expensive -- priced between Rs 7 lakh and Rs 10 lakh. Only the affluent can afford it,\" DRDO scientists said.As per initial estimates, the DRDO implant will be available for around Rs 1 lakh. Bhujanga Rao collaborated with scientists from Bangalore, Advanced Numerical Research and Analysis Group (Hyderabad), and Andhra University, Vishakhapatnam, to develop the device.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "old goa", "code": "13309653", "title": "A little bit of Portugal", "text": "OLD GOA: They can be really called pieces of history's jigsaw puzzle. The sculptural fragments of basalt strike curiosity and leave many questions unanswered about their source and historicity.Portuguese inscriptions coats of arms, tombstones, and ornamental sculptural fragments of Old Goa's church complexes have a story to tell, but it will take some time for archaeologists to unveil the hidden facts.Mounted on pedestals in an open air gallery outside the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) museum at Old Goa, the 140 exhibits from the Portuguese era have been brought out from the obscurity of a storeroom in the convent of St Francis Assisi.\"These fragments are from churches and convents of Old Goa and were stored since the Portuguese period in the convent of St Francis of Assisi,\" K Amarnath Ramkrishna, deputy superintending archaeologist, ASI western division, museum branch at Old Goa said.The convent is now converted into the ASI museum, drawing on an average 3,000 visitors daily during the peak season.The exquisite sculptural pieces lay stacked for more than 50 years before the ASI authorities mooted the idea in 2010 of displaying them in the rectangular open space opposite the St Francis Assisi church and behind St Catherine's church.Expectedly, there are no signages yet to capture the vintage of each piece. \"For us, the archaeological fragments were like pieces of jigsaw puzzles as they lay scattered in the store room,\" says Sreeguru K Bagi, assistant archaeologist at ASI's Old Goa museum.The work of putting the pieces together took the ASI staff several weeks and mounting them on pedestals nearly four months.Though most pieces leave no clue about their origin, there is no doubt that they had been retrieved from the sites of crumbling churches and convents in Old Goa. More than 20 churches, some of them complexes with convent attached to the edifices, once dotted the landscape of the former capital before it was devastated by a series of plagues. \"An old map shows around 110 landmarks in Old Goa,\" says Percival Noronha, an expert in Portuguese history.Now, hardly a dozen edifices, including seven churches, survive, and even this group of monuments is considered one of the finest examples of Renaissance architecture in the world.Noronha recalls that Vassalo Silva, the last Portuguese governor of Goa, had strung together a collection of fragments from churches and kept it in the St Francis of Assisi compound. \"A Portuguese official had also brought pieces from even places like Valpoi,\" he added. But the 80-year-old Panaji resident does not remember where they were stored.Sources say the decay of Old Goa started with the plague around 1750 or even before. Records show that in 1698, Governor Dom Pedro Antonio de Noronha shifted his residence from Old Goa to Panvel. He would ride on horseback to Old Goa, which continued to be the capital for many years, though shifting to Panaji continued in phases.Noronha says there were hospitals, a prison, and other establishments at Old Goa. \"There were also seven chapels attached to mansions of the nobility at Old Goa,\" he said. A gun powder factory existed at Bainguinim along the river front. Eleven huge millstones from the site lost to real estate development have already been displayed in the open air gallery. A two line plaque displayed at the gallery refers to a hospital of Cidade de Goa. \"The inscription is in archaic Portuguese. The ASI authorities are planning to rope in scholars to decipher the plaques. \"We have sought the help of a Portuguese scholar,\" says Bagi.The signages to explain the details and antiquity of each piece will be put after the research work is completed.\"Identifying the source from where the pieces were retrieved is quite a task,\" Dr V Shivanand Rao, superintending archaeologist, ASI, Old Goa said.Though purists may frown upon the idea of an open air gallery near the monuments, the ASI authorities explained that it would be easily accessible to visitors. \"Transplanting the sculptural fragments to another place would need more infrastructure,\" Ramkrishna said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13320206", "title": "Seers, activists throng city to rid Ganga of its woes", "text": "VARANASI: Seers started thronging the holy city from across the country to participate in the proposed Ganga Mukti Mahasammelan to be held at Beniabagh on Monday. According to the spokesperson of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam, prominent saints including Chinmayanand, Sukhdev Das, Swami S Saraswati, Swami Ramkrishnanand, Swami Chakrapani and many others have already arrived in the city. Actor Mukesh Khanna, Anupam Shyam and waterman Rajendra Singh will also be remain present on the occasion.Over 500 activists of Hindu Jagran Manch arrived in the city to take part in the event. Lawyers of the district and nearby areas will also take part. To make the mahasammelan effective, awareness is being spread in the villages as well. Meanwhile, vedic rituals continued to be performed at Tapasya Sthal, Kedar Ghat on Sunday. Swami Avimukteshwaranand Saraswati, convener of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam, has warned to intensify the agitation if the action to save Ganga is further delayed. It may be mentioned that Devi Purnabha and Ganga Premi Bhikshu are continuing their fast to save the holy river at the divisional hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13309973", "title": "Timber merchant kills worker, surrenders", "text": "KANNUR: The cops have arrested a 35-year-old timber merchant who claimed that he has murdered a 40-year-old labourer by slitting his throat on Saturday. According to the police, the body of Kabeer, a resident of Perumbabamdu near Thaliparamba, was found in a pool of blood on the veranda of a tea shop near Ayikkara harbour early in the day.Within a few hours, Sainul Abid, the timber merchant from Ayikkara, surrendered before the police and confessed that he killed Kabeer on the suspicion that he was stealing timber from his shop.According to Abid, on a few occasions, timber from the shop had gone missing and he doubted that Kabeer was behind it.However, police have to not taken this confession for granted. A team under Valapatanam CI U Preman is started a probe.Police also said Abid is believed to be a mentally unstable person. Though Kabeer is married and his wife Sakeena stays in Perumbabamdu, on many days he used to sleep on shop verandas, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13313492", "title": "Plan a thrilling getaway this summer", "text": "More and more city slickers, looking to escape the scorching heat, are taking to adventure travel with gusto.As the mercury soars and the sweat and grime of concrete jungles become unbearable, the metro dwellers can be found packing their bags and heading straight for the verdant hills. But it is no longer just for a relaxed, laid-back holiday in high-altitude, idyllic surroundings. Lounging around on a vacation is oh-sovieux jeu, say travel experts. The new mantra for vacationers is adventure travel and the idea is to make the getaway exciting and invigorating by adding a few adrenalin-pumping activities to their itinerary. There is a range of sports on offer within the country, given its diverse topography. Says Nalini Dhariwal, partner at Youreka, one of the largest adventure holiday providers in the country, \"We have held adventure camps with 40,000 students so far. But in the last couple of years there has been a spurt in demand from adults as well. Young adults with families and kids are opting for adventure holidays as they have more exposure. Also because of the increase in number of people on the supply side, there are more options for people to choose from. Apart from the popular rafting and rappelling activities, there are some new sports like zipline that are picking up.\"Corroborates Gagan Kapoor of Skywaltz Balloon Safaris, \"Adventure travel is definitely on the upswing, both with foreigners as well as Indian nationals. In the last three years, we have registered a 90 per cent increase in the number of tourists who have taken flight with us. Post-recession business has been booming. Indians are generally not very adventurous by nature, but those in 30 plus category, who are well-settled in life, are willing to take risks and dole out the moolah for these expensive diversions.\"Arun Joshi of Peak Adventure Tours, too, has some interesting insights to share. He attributes the growing interest in a dve n t u re sports to rising awareness, disposable incomes and improved infrastructure. Though some of the activities are limited to limited places, others can be enjoyed all across the country. So whether it is bouldering in Hampi or Zanskar or hot air ballooning in Pushkar or Guwahati, the range and scope for the adventure fanatics is mind-boggling. Says Sumit Dhawan, a diehard adventure tourist, \"I have done some daring stunts on some of my holidays recently. And the exhilaration and spurt of energy that you experience is unimaginable. The bigger the challenge the better it gets.\"Bollywood , too, can take some of the credit for the popularity of these adventure sports. In the recent blockbuster Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara the protagonists take to extreme sports like deep sea diving, sky diving and bull run and overcome some of their deepest fears. \"It is true that people can get rid of some of their phobias by challenging themselves. I, for instance, was very scared of heights till I tried hand-gliding on a trip to Kashmir. It was numbing initially but gradually I started enjoying it so much that I wished I could go on,\" reminisces Vandana Arora, an architect by profession.So this summer, take time out for an exhilarating adventure holiday and make it an unforgettable one. The experience will not only leave you with a wealth of delightful memories but also help you discover a new side to your personality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13310934", "title": "CPM central leaders in damage control mode", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The central leadership of the CPM is learnt to have decided to intervene in the Kerala CPM to save it from the crisis that has arisen following the TP murder. It has also sent a clear signal to the state leadership to disown party members involved in the crime.The CPM central leadership, which has been on a national level campaign against the political killings of CPM workers in West Bengal, is of the view that at no cost it can afford to save comrades who were involved in political violence in Kerala. \"We are watching the developments closely. If the investigation team nails any worker or leader in the case, we will ensure organizational action against them,\" said sources close to the central leadership of the party. The policy of the leadership was announced in public by CPM general secretary Prakash Karat on Saturday while attending the E K Nayanar commemoration meeting in Kannur.It is learnt that central leaders were taking the explanations by the state leadership with a handful of salt. The central leaders also examine the reports filed by opposition leader V S Achuthanandan along with the reports from state secretariat. Even the initial report sent by VS to the leadership suggested the possible involvement of party leaders from Kannur in the murder.The intervention of the central leadership in the issue is also with an aim to stop the massive erosion in the party cadres. Following the murder, a large number of party workers in Kozhikode are planning to leave party. Anti-CPM sentiments have grown beyond the wildest estimates of the party in other parts of the state. As the Kannur lobby faces a credibility loss, only central leaders can do an effective damage control, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "focal point", "code": "13309179", "title": "Focal Point businessman can't drive to work", "text": "FOCAL POINT: Industrialists whose units are in Focal Point, Phase 6, have been getting some unwanted exercise over the last six months. With roads in the area being dug up to 3 feet deep for laying sewerage pipelines, they are forced to park their cars about 2km away from the factories and walk the distance every day.For raw material and other products that need to be supplied to the unit, industrialists have been using cranes. Industrialists rue that their predicament is the result of lack of coordination between municipal authorities and Punjab Small Industries Export Corporation (PSIEC).PSIEC had started laying sewerage lines and constructing roads in Focal Point around six months ago but the work has lagged with officials based in Chandigarh claiming that they are not getting MC's help. However, MC claims that they have already assisted PSIEC to the extent possible.Superintending engineer of operation and maintenance cell Kamlesh Bansal said, ''It is PSIEC's responsibility to complete this work as soon as possible. We had showed them old sewerage and water connections for their knowledge now they can fix any deadline.\"Businessman Rahul Jain, a resident of Pakhowal Road, said, ''PSIEC has just dug up roads and left it open. Soon, the monsoon will arrive and with the way things are we will have to bring boats to reach our units. We need an immediate remedy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13309202", "title": "6 arrested for pilfering domestic LPG", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Six persons, including owner of a service station, were arrested on Saturday for using domestic LPG into their vehicles. Four LPG cylinders and equipment through which the fuel is transferred into the vehicles were recovered from their possession. Owner of Prince Service Station, Sector 38, Satbir Singh and his employee Yuvraj Singh tried to escape, but were apprehended by the police.Four others arrested have been identified as Rajan, Manoj, Santosh Kumar and Sandeep Kumar. While Sandeep of Sector 52 owns a private vehicle, the other three are auto drivers. Police have seized all vehicles in which domestic fuel was being filled. A case has been registered at Sector 39 police station. Accused would be produced in the district courts on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13310079", "title": "NGOs to conduct social audits of development schemes for minorities", "text": "GUWAHATI: The National Advisory Council (NAC) has decided to engage NGOs for conducting social audits as various minority organizations have alleged that the development schemes for the community are being misused.Responding to Dhubri MP Badruddin Ajmal's question in the Lok Sabha recently, minister of state for minority affairs, Vincent H Pala said engagement of NGOs for monitoring and mandatory social audits have been included as one of the recommendations in the NAC's report \"towards inclusive development to empower minorities.\"Pala said NGOs will be formally engaged in minority-concentrated districts across the country for monitoring and mandatory social audits of development schemes for the community.Adding that there has been \"substantial\" enhancement of allocation for the Multi-Sectoral Development Programme (MsDP) in the 12th Five Year Plan, Pala said NAC's report also recommended the revision of MsDP guideline to ensure proposals for schemes have synergy with the Prime Minister's 15-Point Programme.The Centre launched the MsDP in 2007-2008 in the 11{+t}{+h} Plan for addressing the socioeconomic and educational backwardness of minority communities across the country. 30 districts in the northeast were covered under the scheme.The All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) raised the issue of the failures of MsDP in the state during Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to the state last month. AIUDF asked the PM to review the MsDP for the minorities as not a single major project for generating employment, improvement of health and education has been sanctioned under the programme.Earlier this month, the state minorities welfare minister Nazrul Islam reviewed the implementation of the MsDP in the northeastern states.Pala informed that NAC recommended the expansion of the PM's 15-Point Programme to include schemes on small and medium industries, youth affairs and agriculture. He said that minority affairs ministry also proposed interest subsidy on educational loans for overseas studies, support for students after clearance of preliminary examination of UPSC, SSC and SPSC for students of minority communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13310157", "title": "Samajwadi Party hits back at Mayawati, says ex-chief minister should assess her stint", "text": "LUCKNOW: Reacting to BSP chief Mayawati's allegations that law and order situation in UP has gone for a toss, UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday said that former chief minister Mayawati should first assess the days of her own rule, when crime and lawlessness was rampant.The Samajwadi Party in a statement ridiculed BSP chief Mayawati's claim that law and order situation was deteriorating during the regime of Akhilesh Yadav. Party spokesperson, Rajendra Chaudhary said the BSP supremo appears to have forgotten that half a dozen MLAs were sent to jail on various criminal charges. Many others have been indicted by the Lokayukta. \"It was under the BSP rule that the house of a Congress leader ( Rita Bahuguna Joshi) was burnt,\" he said. The SP said that transfer posting of bureaucrats and officials had assumed the shape of a business that reaped heavy profits for the BSP leaders.The party said that the former chief minister never took developmental initiatives and instead focused only on memorials in the name of dalit leaders. The party also reacted sharply to BSP's barb on Akhilesh Yadav initiative to distribute laptops and tablet PCs to students. The BSP supremo had raised a question mark over Akhilesh Yadav promise to distribute laptops and tablet PCs. Reacting to this, the party in a statement said that it was only two months into Akhilesh's rule and the BSP chief has started shown signs of desperation to malign the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13310613", "title": "Doctor, no", "text": "Blame it on technology. In recent years, cheating in exams has undergone a major change. The students no longer tuck in photocopies of books or little chits with notes inside their sleeves, shirt collars and socks or carry a Rampuri knife into the exam hall so that they can copy at will in front of helpless invigilators. Now, they buy a variety of hi-tech gadgets like watches, phones, pens and glasses that are Bluetooth/scan-enabled . From the all-India medical entrance tests to professional college examinations, students have been caught browsing the Net, dialling their friends or listening to recordings of their own voices during examination. The cheating has just gone hi-tech . But now, institutes are themselves going hi-tech to check the menace. Since April, besides banning the use of electronic gadgets in exams, Tamil Nadu MGR Medical University has asked all exam centres to install mobile phone jammers, CCTVs and metal detectors. \"We've learned this from the students. The technology we use prevents using cheating devices,\" says Dr Mayil Vahanan Natarajan, the university's vice-chancellor . \"Technology may never be able to totally prevent malpractice , but students should know there is a higher chance of getting caught.\"But, alarmed by the increasing number of cheating cases, institutes are trying to be one step ahead of their students. Recently, University of Madras purchased spy software that can nab plagiarism in research work. \"It's paying off. We found students plagiarising homework, projects, dissertation and research,\" says vicechancellor G Thiruvasagam.The spy software scans through the report and picks up sections that are copied from the internet. Last week, University of Madras blacklisted a PhD candidate and his guide after they found that the student had copied several paragraphs of the reserch from the internet. An external examiner - a foreigner - complained about it to the vicechancellor. \"The student will not be allowed to pursue his course anymore in the university and his guide can never mentor any of our students,\" says Thiruvasagam.Besides technology, educational institutions are also evolving methods that promote and test concept-based learning instead of conventional rote-based system. \"We must create an environment to make learning more flexible for students and not threaten them that if they fail one exam their career is doomed. Most students copy because they want to make it big,\" says Pankaj Chandra, director, Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore.Students, he feels, must be taught what is big. For this, say experts, it is important to tell students about their rights and responsibilities right from school, and told in clear terms that it's not okay to cut and paste from the internet. \"They do it because it is easy. They think it is harmless as they are hardly warned,\" says Shashi Mathur, dean, Indian Institute of Technology-Delhi . The IIT faculty, he says, sensitises their students about the hazards of copying in the initial stages of the course. \"If we find students plagiarising their research, copying or sneaking in gadgets during exam, they get zero for the course. At an IIT course this can be a very serious setback,\" says Mathur.But, the cheating menace is spreading fast and, according to teachers, the number of students caught could be abysmally low. Even those who get caught are often not given timely punishments. For instance, in 2006, more than 30 students from two centres in Chennai were among the first 100 ranks in the All India Post Graduate Medical Entrance test. A CBI inquiry was ordered and during the probe the investigators found two doctors had used pen scanners to receive copies of question papers and send back answers to questions via SMS to candidates writing the examination. The doctors, who aided these students, are now practising medicine and the students themselves graduated successfully from prestigious colleges. The Medical Council of Tamil Nadu did not initiate action as the cases were before the Madras High Court.The human cost of hi-tech cheating may be much more than we can imagine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13318922", "title": "Anand pays for Slav in seventh game of World Chess Championship", "text": "CHENNAI: After six dreary draws, challenger Boris Gelfand of Israel broke the ice with a stunning 38-move win in Game 7 with white against World champion Viswanathan Anand in the World Chess Championship in Moscow on Sunday. Gelfand leads the 12-game series 4-3 with the eighth game to be played on Monday.Gelfand tamed Anand's Slav defence when he got his second white in succession with a modified plan. After the first six games, the colours got reversed and Gelfand faced the Slav again from Anand, who got into early trouble trying to force a sharp line. The challenger had varied from the two previous lines that he had played by making a new sixth move that immediately put off black's chances of easy simplification.\"Gelfand is trying to change the character of the game with this pawn push,\" said Peter Leko , who had once worked with Anand.Gelfand had played the same line twice in 2008 with white against Miroshnichenko and Feller, both with success. Perhaps, Anand did not expect this or he was not sure of which way he wanted to proceed; he spent a lot of time on moves 7 and 8.Having kept the simplification away, Gelfand built up tension on the queenside targeting a commanding outpost for his knight. Anand quickly sensed the danger and exchanged the rooks along the bishop file.The queens were also exchanged along the same file but then the danger emerged for Anand. His position got paralysed on the queenside and his bishop was a dead duck in the backrank. He consumed so much time and had to make 12 moves in 12 minutes.Gelfand, who had five minutes more on the clock, knew he had the best chance to go ahead and started walking on the stage with authority as Anand closed his eyes and tried to force a drawing line in his mind's eye.However, he had gone wrong somewhere between moves 20 and 25 to land in a position where he had to give a piece for a pawn. Gelfand's knights wreaked havoc and threatened mate with the help of rook. Anand tried desperately to promote his central pawn but the mate was on the board after 38 moves even as the World champion needed only one move to queen his pawn.Anand agreed his opening plan had gone wrong quite early in the game.\"I started to drift a lot in the opening and got my bishop locked,\" he said but he was quick to add that the six draws had nothing to do with his decision. \"I was just playing this game today.\"Gelfand-Anand (Game 7) Slav Defence 1. d4 d5 2. c4 c6 3. Nc3 Nf6 4. e3 e6 5. Nf3 a6 6. c5 Nbd7 7. Qc2 b6 8. cxb6 8. cxb6 Nxb6 9. Bd2 c5 10. Rc1 cxd4 11. exd4 Bd6 12. Bg5 0-0 13. Bd3 h6 14. Bh4 Bb7 15.0-0 Qb8 16.Bg3 Rc8 17.Qe2 Bxg3 18.hxg3 Qd6 19.Rc2 Nbd7 20.Rfc1 Rab8 21.Na4 Ne4 22.Rxc8+ Bxc8 23.Qc2 g5 24.Qc7 Qxc7 25.Rxc7 f6 26. Bxe4 dxe4 27.Nd2 f5 28.Nc4 Nf6 29.Nc5 Nd5 30.Ra7 Nb4 31.Ne5 Nc2 32.Nc6 Rxb2 33.Rc7 Rb1+ 34.Kh2 e3 35.Rxc8+ Kh7 36.Rc7+ Kh8 37.Ne5 e2 38.Nxe6 1-0", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13312809", "title": "They make superstars from silicone", "text": "Fake blood, pregnant tummies and silicone body doubles have never looked more real in Bollywood, thanks to a new class of adventurous prosthetic-makers.A day after director Anurag Kashyap shouted, 'It's a wrap' to his Gangs of Wasseypur crew in Benares, actress Richa Chadda ran upstairs in the hotel where they were staying. In her hand, she held a nine-month pregnant stomach that she had worn through the shoot. Rounding up a flight of stairs, she crashed into a waiter. Chadda, with a touch of the dramatic, says, \"He almost fainted!\"The waiter can be forgiven for thinking it was a real stomach. Made of silicone, the prosthetic was moulded on Chadda's own tummy, and had, in the actress's words, \"a Richa navel, and hairline\".In this two-part film based on the coal mafia of Dhanbad in Jharkhand , scheduled to be screened at the Cannes International Film Festival on Tuesday, prosthetics have been used heavily. Chadda's character is shown aging from 16 to 60 years. The film's prosthetic-makers Zuby Johal, Rajiv Subba and Mamta Gautam have also supplied assorted hands and feet, a dagger wedged into an eye, three heads and a man's body to make Kashyap's realistic drama, a bit more real.Realistic films and horror have upped demand Hyper-real prosthetics, made of new material such as silicone and a higher grade of foamed latex, unlike what was used in films of the '80s and '90s, are becoming de rigueur in Hindi cinema, one crooked finger, decapitated head and gory gash at a time.National Institute of Design, Ahmedabad graduates, Johal, Subba and Gautam began working on hyper-real mannequins and life-like body parts three years ago. Besides Kashyap's film, they have also made hands, feet and a face mask for Emraan Hashmi's ghost-character in Vikram Bhatt's upcoming Raaz 3 . An eight-inch foetus for a film on sex selective abortion by High Tide Communications is the other assignment they have just wrapped up. A prosthetic foot that comes flying out in an accident sequence for Naseeruddin Shah starrer Michael, is courtesy them too.The 61-year-old actor will be made to look 30 years younger with the help of prosthetics and post-production visual effects in Solomon Ahishor's John Day, which went on floor earlier this month.\"For Naseeruddin Shah to look like he is in his 30s, the skin had to look tighter. This was achieved using prosthetics, but a lot of work will be done during post-production, where we will airbrush the character. We can't afford to make him look plastic, so we had to be careful about the prosthetic make-up,\" says Ahishor.Silicone over waxThe director took on board Anil Pemgirikar, a veteran make-up artist, who began his career in Bollywood in 1972. In the past few years, Pemgirikar has worked on Hey Ram (2000, Mahatama Gandhi's character) and Krrish , where he made Hrithik Roshan age with make-up. Prosthetic artist Nahush Pise, who studied the technique in Los Angeles and began his career as Pemgirikar's assistant in 2000, made Roshan's mask for the super hero film. For this, he took a lifecast, or mould, of the actor's face. Pise used wax for this prosthetic, but two years earlier he had made a bloody torso for a hospital scene in Lakshya (2004) with silicone.Pise, who also made a pregnant stomach prosthetic for Deepika Padukone in Chandni Chowk to China (2009) with foamed latex, (\"silicone would have been too heavy to carry\") explains his choices. \"I used silicone for Lakshya, since a knife had to be used on the torso, and foamed latex would not cut well. For the mask, I used wax, since any other material could have cut into Hrithik's face,\" says Pise, who had to make sure the mask appeared metallic, not rubbery. They make superstars from siliconeFor Johal, however, silicone is the material of choice, although more expensive than wax. \"Silicone is heat resistant, whereas wax prosthetics disintegrate in high temperatures. Silicone also captures the texture of skin well, and we make sure that the prosthetic matches the skin tone of the actor perfectly,\" she says. Each full-body hyper-real mannequin costs more than 10 lakh. What is clear is that make-up artists today, go to great lengths to ensure that the prosthetic looks real. This would hold true even for those making prosthetics for non-realistic genre films. Ritu Janjjani, who launched India's first make-up and prosthetic academy in Mumbai last year, is in Uttarakhand shooting for Luke Kenny's Zombie film, one of the three films in the genre that will hit theatres this year. (Abhay Deol's Rock the Shaadi and Saif Ali Khan's Goa Goa Gone are the other two.) This upcoming genre lends itself to prosthetics, as much as the blood-and-gore realism of Kashyap's and Ribhu Dasgupta's films. Janjjani is known for her monster prosthetics, much like the Ramsays were in the '80s.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13308920", "title": "SRK contacts will bail him out: Shiv Sena", "text": "MUMBAI: While slamming Shah Rukh Khan for misbehaving with a security guard and Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA) officials at Wankhede stadium, Shiv Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray on Saturday said that the five-year ban on the star will be revoked due to his excellent equations with New Delhi.Referring to the matinee idol's proximity to 10 Janpath and the BCCI, the Shiv Sena leader said, \"Shah Rukh Khan has very good connections with New Delhi. His high-placed and powerful friends in the national capital will bail him out.\"The MCA clamped a five-year ban on Khan from entering Wankhede stadium after Wednesday's fracas. The MCA has accused Khan of abusing and assaulting its officials and a security guard in an inebriated condition.The actor has denied that he was drunk and said that he had lost his temper after the security official at the stadium \"manhandled\" his children who were on the ground.Speaking informally to mediapersons, Thackeray challenged the MCA to ban the Bollywood star from stepping into Wankhede stadium for life. \"What would the MCA and the BCCI have done if a common citizen was involved in a similar incident?\" asked the Shiv Sena CEO.Thackeray clarified that he had no personal animosity towards Khan but the MCA crackdown on the actor will be undone because of his equations with New Delhi. \"There are chances that the BCCI may clamp a ban on the MCA for banning Khan from entering the stadium for five years,\" Thackeray remarked.Shiv Sena mouthpiece Saamna also lambasted Khan for the stadium fracas. \"While Khan swallowed the humiliation heaped on him by US officials at the New York international airport a few months ago, he picked up an ugly fight with the MCA officials,\" it commented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13308730", "title": "Pune to get its own list of natural heritage sites", "text": "PUNE: The city will soon have its own list of natural heritage sites, with the city-based Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage working on the project, which is being supported by the Pune Municipal Corporation. The list will include such important sites like the confluence of the Mula-Mutha rivers, the Hamunan tekdi with its indigenous tree species and the quarry lake, which is visited by bird of varied species, old or rare or endangered trees scattered in the city, parks that have old ficus trees, lakes visited by migratory birds, breeding and nesting sites of birds, among other locations.Once the INTACH, Pune chapter, an NGO dedicated to conserving rich and diverse natural and man-made heritage, completes documenting and listings the sites and is made official by the PMC, these sites, rich in biodiversity or with cultural, aesthetic or ecological values, will be conserved.Currently, Pune does not have a natural heritage list.Supriya Goturkar Mahabaleshwarkar, coordinator, INTACH Pune, told TOI that the Pune natural heritage list covers natural heritage sites in the PMC areas and also in the 23 villages merged in the Pune city limits. The list includes rivers, hills, old and rare trees, lakes, habitat of fauna and flora of endemic species that are restricted in this particular area, streams, water channels, natural vegetation, water bodies, hill tops, among others.\"The documentation involves site visits, study of the area, documentation and also interviews with experts and locals. The listing divulges details on conservation significance, threats, cultural aspects, involvement of agency or community involvement for its protection, among others. It will also look at traditional practices of conservation, cultural traditions like myths, folklore and so on,\" she said.Mahabaleshwarkar said natural heritage consists of terrestrial or aquatic sites or features including riverine, wetland, coastal or marine areas. \"The natural areas in Pune, though highly impacted are still its greatest assets. The hills, lakes, rivers and tanks, and wooded areas are not just beautiful or places for recreation - they act as the lungs of the city, absorbing noise, and tempering the heat of summer. They are also sinks for air and water pollution. These sites deserve conservation action,\" she pointed out.\"The Project is funded by the INTACH and the PMC. At present, we are compiling the list and it will be completed in couple of month's time,\" Mahabaleshwarkar said.Shyaam Dhavalaey, deputy city engineer, heritage cell, PMC, said the natural heritage site list will be finalised by the heritage committee formed by the PMC. \"The list will then come to the PMC and we will take up conservation measures in these selected sites. At present, PMC does not have a natural heritage site list, though the civic body has a list of heritage structures,'' he said.Natural Heritage comprise of sites of:* Ecological and biological significance* Areas having natural vegetation of cultural significance - sacred groves, water bodies, hill tops* Areas associated with cultural, religious beliefs and practices* Natural landscapes of aesthetic and recreational value", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13309816", "title": "Varachha police station once again 'targeted'", "text": "SURAT: A mentally, sick person kept policemen busy for several hours at Varachha police station here on Friday. Hundreds of people collected outside the police station to see Pratap Kumbhar, the youth atop a car of a woman at Varachha. The terrified woman had brought the car directly to Varachha police station and had asked for help after the youth refused to climb down from the vehicle.After some time, the youth got down from the car and sat on the road divider railing. He then removed his clothes and started to jump over parked vehicles there, which included those of police and others. He had a stick in his hand and a shoe in the mouth.Though police called 108 ambulance to take the youth to hospital he refused to go with them. So, the ambulance left the spot for another call without picking up the youth. He then started to offer salute to police staffers. Police believe that the youth was under the influence of some drug because of which, he was behaving like a mentally sick person.In another incident, on Thursday, a youth had locked himself in the toilet of Varachha police station. Finally, he was brought out by the fire brigade personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13314101", "title": "Rs 7 crore for Prabhu Deva!", "text": "The director-choreographer is said to be directing a Tips film nextDeva is well on his way to becoming a top director there. According to the news doing the rounds, the director has apparently been signed on to direct his next film for Tips.And he's said to be getting a whopping Rs 7 crores for this flick. The director's Rowdy Rathore is set to release on June 1. Starring Akshay Kumar and Sonakshi, this movie is a Telugu film remake. The Tips film will be a romantic thriller. Looks like Prabhu Deva is now in demand!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13316012", "title": "Punjab government takes strict steps to curb ragging", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a tough stand against ragging, the Punjab government has issued strict instructions to all state and private technical education institutes to take steps to prevent such incidents.State Technical Education Minister Anil Joshi has asked his department to issue instructions to all including Punjab Technical University, other deemed universities, technical educational institutions, polytechnics and Industrial Training Institutes (ITI) to follow the Supreme Court guidelines in this regard.He warned that strict action would be taken against any institution found violating the norms, an official release here today.Joshi had also asked authorities of educational institutions to take written undertaking from students and their parents that they would not indulge in any kind of ragging.He said parents should be made aware of the condition that involvement of their wards in any form of ragging would invite expulsion from the institute and lodging of criminal case.Joshi said aggrieved students could lodge their complaints before the college authority. All institutions have also been ordered to set up a helpline for ragging victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13309920", "title": "AC bus for Buddhist circuit to roll out from Patna today", "text": "PATNA: Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi would flag off the first luxury bus service for the Buddhist circuit on Sunday morning from Buddha Smriti Park here. Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC) is all set to run 55-seater AC Volvo bus service from Patna to Gorakhpur via Vaishali, Kesariya and Kushinagar in the first phase. Tourism minister Sunil Kumar Pintu and BJP MLA Nitin K Navin would be present on this occasion.On the inaugural day, the bus will leave for Gorakhpur at around 10am, but from Monday it will leave Patna daily at 7.30am and return at around 9.30pm the same day. BSTDC has made arrangements with a roadside dhaba near Gopalganj for providing lunch to the travelling passengers, said an official.The to and fro fare on this route would be Rs 900, excluding lunch. The travellers would be provided mineral water free of cost, said BSTDC DGM Navin Kumar.BSTDC is also planning to introduce a regular Buddhist circuit bus from Raxaul, which is located at the Nepal border. This will help the Buddhists coming from Nepal.New luxury buses would also be launched soon for places like Nalanda, Rajgir, Bodh Gaya, Vaishali, Muzaffarpur, Bettiah, Lauria, Nandangarh, Valmiki Nagar, Darbhanga, Madhubani, Sitamarhi, Begusarai (famous for Kawar Jheel), Jainagar, Kishanganj, Sasaram, Bhagalpur and Kolkata. These bus would be running in public-private partnership (PPP) mode. \"These bus services have been outsourced to a Hyderabad-based company who gave the best bid in response to the tender floated by the corporation last month,\" said an official.In a bid to offer good hospitality to the tourists availing this service, the tourism department is also surveying the hygienic condition of hotels and restaurants on the above-mentioned routes. It is planning to tie-up with them so as to provide clean washrooms, hygienic food and resting space to the tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13309030", "title": "Tikka Dalip Singh elected president again", "text": "LUDHIANA: Wholesale Chemist Association, Ludhiana, elected Tikka Dalip Singh as president for the fifth consecutive term on Saturday. Tikka defeated his nearest rival Lovely Dawar with a margin of 133 votes, securing 280 votes in his favour of the total 427.Mohinder Singh Makkar was elected as general secretary and Mohinder Goel was elected as finance secretary.After winning the election, Tikka said, ''There are certain issues that we want to work on immediately. Some licenses have been withdrawn which we need to take up with the health authorities. We would also try to improve our image among people as it has taken a beating due to wrong propaganda by some with vested interests.''Simran Duggal, a chemist at Pindi Street and resident of Model Town, said,''Chemists are meant to serve society. We want the newly elected office bearers to take some active steps for healthy business.'' Aman Kumar, another chemist, said they want that the black sheep among the community will be dealt with strictly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13312994", "title": "Reporter kisses Will, gets smacked", "text": "At the recent Russian premiere of his latest film, Will Smith slapped a Ukranian reporter for 'getting fresh' with him.Kissing the Fresh Prince on the lips without his say-so comes with consequences. The reporter, known for being overly affectionate and kissing celebrities on the red carpet, got a backhanded slap. Will later said, \"He tried to kiss me on my mouth.He's lucky I didn't sucker punch him.\" Smith, considered one of Hollywood's most media-friendly superstars, brushed the guy away. The actor soon regained his composure and began happily signing autographs for fans and talking to reporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13308592", "title": "Thane girl tops all-India ICSE", "text": "MUMBAI: Two girls, one from Thane and the other from Dhanbad in Jharkhand, topped the Indian Certificate for Secondary Examinations (ICSE), the results of which were announced on Saturday, with a score of 98.80%.Thane's Shalaka Abhay Kulkarni from Smt Sulochanadevi Singhania School said she owed her success to former president APJ Abdul Kalam, who inspired her to reach for the stars. She shares the first position with Madhavi Singh from Carmel School at Dhanbad.Their percentages were calculated based on the marks scored in English and the best four subjects. The overall pass percentage in India was 98.62, a marginal increase of 0.01% from last year. The pass percentage for girls was 99.15 while 98.19% boys cleared the board exam.The Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations also anno8u8nced the Class XII results. Science students Rohan Sampat from Mode8rn High School in Dubai and Kalyani Vishnu from Christnagar High School in Thiruvananthapuram topped with 99.25%. Last year, the council had taken a decision not to announce toppers. Before that, Mum8bai was home to all-India toppers three years in a row. The south zone performed best in overall results for both ICSE and ISC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13308741", "title": "Mega, jumbo blocks today", "text": "MUMBAI: Harbour line services will remain suspended between Panvel and CST from 10.20am to 3.45pm on Sunday due to mega block on both lines between Kurla and Mankhurd. However, special trains will run on CST - Kurla and Mankhurd - Panvel Harbour line section during the block period.On WR, a five-hour jumbo block will be held between Borivli and Goregaon stations from 11am to 4pm on Up and Down slow lines. During this period, all Up and Down slow trains will run on fast lines between Borivli and Goregaon.Due to a mega block between Thane and Kalyan on fast line, Kalyan-bound fast services leaving CST from 10.03am to 1.40pm will halt at Ghatkopar, Vikhroli, Bhandup and Mulund stations in addition to their scheduled halts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "13319004", "title": "Satyapragyan crumbles under time pressure in National Challengers Chess Championship", "text": "TIRUPATI: Second seed International Master S Satyapragyan crumbled under time pressure to Praveen Prasad while three players, including World under-18 IM Debashis Das, shared the lead with four points from as many rounds in the 50th National Challengers Chess Championship on Sunday.In a surprising result, Satyapragyan succumbed to time pressure to hand full points to his Andhra Pradesh rival P Praveen Prasad in a keenly contested fourth round encounter.Playing black side of Queen's Gambit accepted variation, Das displayed sheer skills in the Queen and Pawn ending to garner full points against his Karnataka rival Arvind Shastry in 45 moves.IM Saptarshi Roy of Railways and G Akash of Tamilnadu joined Das at the top of the table after defeating Vignesh N R (TN) and Women Grandmaster Kiran Manisha Mohanty (Orissa) respectively.Earlier in the third round, top seed and defending champion Vikramaditya Kulkarni drew with IM R Balasubramaniam after a marathon match that lasted 123 moves.Second seed IM Satyapragyan settled for half point against E P Nirmal of Kerala and talented Orissa youngster Utkal Ranjan Sahoo outwitted IM C Praveen Kumar of Railways.Important Results (Fourth round):Aravind Shastry of Karnataka (3) lost to IM Debashis Das of Orissa (4); FM Diptayan Ghosh of West Bengal (3.5) drew with IM Chandrashekhar Gokhale of Air India (3.5); IM Saptarshi Roy of Railways (4) beat Vignesh N R of Tamilnadu (3); Sohan Phadke of Maharshtra (3.5) drew with Anurag Mhamal of Goa (3.5); Utkal Ranjan Sahool (3.5) drew with Arun Karthik R of Tamilnadu (3.5); WGM Kiran Manisha Mohanty of Orissa (3) lost to G Akash of Tamilnadu (4); Himal Gusain of Chandigarh (2.5) lost to Vikramaditya Kulkarni of Railways (3.5); IM Satyapragyan S of Air India (2.5) lost to P Praveen Prasad of Andhra Pradesh (3.5); Nirmal E P of Kerala (2.5) lost to Swayams Mishra of Orissa (3.5); IM Ramnathan Balasubramaniam of Railways (3) drew with Saptarshi Roy Chowdhury of Railways (3); G B Joshi of Air India (3) drew with IM Suvrajit Saha of Railways (3); T J Suresh Kumar of Railways (2.5) lost to IM Dinesh Sharma of LIC (3.5); Matta Vinay Kumar of Andhra Pradesh (2.5) lost to IM Ramnath Bhuvanesh R of Tamilnadu (3.5); N Sanjay of Karnataka (3) drew with Vikramjit Singh of Railways (3); Murali Krishnan B T of Railways (3.5) beat Sidhant Mohapatra of Orissa (2.5); Srinath Rao S V of Chattisgarh (2.5) lost to CRG Krishna of Andhra Pradesh (3.5); Shashikant Kutwal of Railways (3.5) beat Pratik Patil of Maharashtra (2.5); Ram S Krishnan of Tamilnadu (3.5) beat Abhimanyu Puranik fof Maharashtra (2.5); IM Sudhakar Babu of Indian Bank (3) drew with YVK Chakravarthi of Andhra Pradesh (3); Syed Anwar Shazuli of Railways (3) drew with Dhulipala Bala Chandra Prasad of Andhra Pradesh (3).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "13309949", "title": "Inkel eyes investors' meet to start work on Medi City", "text": "MALAPPURAM: With an eye on the Emerging Kerala 2012 meet to be held in September at Kochi, the Infrastructure Kerala Limited (Inkel) has readied the master plan for the Rs 3,000-crore Medi City project at Panakkad.Inkel plans to woo multinational investors during the meet to be organized by the state government.Modern hospitals with comprehensive medical treatment facilities, institutions for medical training and education, and medical equipment manufacturing units, will be part of the multi-crore project.According to Inkel secretary P Padmadasan, the official procedures for the approval of the master plan have been completed.\"The entrepreneurs including international players will invest in the project would be announced at the investors' meet,\" he said.Inkel hopes that big players will evince interest in the project whose master plan was finalized by a Delhi-based international consultancy agency.The initial steps to set up the Medi City in land given by the industrial department were taken a year ago.The Kerala State Industrial Development Corporation (KSIDC) had announced that the project will be a joint venture with Inkel.The master plan proposes to set up vocational and management education, centres for pharma and bio-technology studies, an international school with residential area and a multi-service park. The project is expected to be completed in four years.KSIDC has already handed over about 250 acres of proposed land to Inkel.The work to build a small-scale industrial park and a community college, which are not part of the Medi City has already begun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13309343", "title": "Kolkata Municipal Corporation's Bypass water promise can't be kept: Civic officials", "text": "KOLKATA: The booster pumping station at Anandapur, off EM Bypass, the foundation stone for which was laid by chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday, won't be able to supply water to the EM Bypass residents in two years, as claimed by a Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) communique earlier. That's because the Dhapa water treatment plant, which will feed the booster pumping station, won't be completed in two years, some civic body officials said.The booster pumping station, said the press release, will supply 2 million gallons of potable water every day to some 3 lakh residents of Tiljala, Topsia and other areas off EM Bypass who now depend on groundwater. The station aims at solving the acute water crisis in these areas. It will draw water from the Dhapa water treatment plant when it is complete. The station will also have a reservoir with a capacity to store 2 millions gallons of water.However, some KMC officials expressed surprise over the manner in which the civic authorities rushed to lay the foundation stone for the booster pumping station. \"We are in no position to supply water from the Dhapa treatment plant to the new booster pumping station since the Dhapa project is way behind schedule,\" said a KMC official.\"Though the treatment plant itself is nearing completion, we have to draw untreated water from Bagbazar Mayer ghat. Work on laying a main water pipeline from Bagbazar to Dhapa is under way and will take time. Once the job is done, we will have to lay outlet pipes to places off EM Bypass till Garia. This work too will take time,\" said an official of the KMC project and development department which is supervising the project.Though the civic body tried to lay the outlet pipes six months ago, it could not start the work because of the Bypass widening project which has been proceeding at a snail's pace. \"We can't start laying pipelines on EM Bypass before the project to widen it is complete. So, it is uncertain when will we be able to finish the process to lay outlet pipes,\" a KMC official said.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee, however, sounded optimistic. \"The Dhapa water treatment plant work is progressing satisfactorily as far as I know. So I don't think that supplying water to the proposed booster pumping station will be a problem,\" Chatterjee said.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee was perhaps unaware that the booster pumping station at Anandpur off EM Bypass that she laid the foundation stone for on Tuesday, wouldn't be supplying water to EM Bypass residents in two years as claimed in a Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) press release issued at the function. This is simply because the Dhapa water treatment plant that will feed the booster pumping station is under construction and won't be complete in two years, say KMC officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "13309977", "title": "Setback for urban development minister Prem Kumar in Gaya municipal polls", "text": "GAYA: In what is being regarded as a setback to urban development minister Prem Kumar, his political protege Nagmani was comprehensively trounced by deputy mayor Mohan Srivastava in ward no 10 of the Gaya Municipal Corporation (GMC). Fighting against heavy odds with threat looming large in the closing stage of the campaign and day long detention on the poll day, Akhauri Aunkar Nath, popularly known has Mohan Srivastava, trounced his nearest rival, Nagmani, by a huge margin of over 1,300 votes. As against the 1,652 votes polled by the deputy mayor, Nagmani managed only 286 votes thereby making the contest look one-sided.Mayor Shagufta Perween, who was engaged in a tough contest with her rival, Manoj Kumar , managed to win from ward no 45, albeit with a slender margin. As against the 1,535 votes polled by Manoj Kumar, the outgoing mayor got 1,699 votes. Perhaps anticipating the ward no. 10 result, Nagmani's political mentor and urban development minister Prem Kumar distanced himself from his closest political aide on the alibi that the municipal elections were not being contested along party lines. But Mohan Srivastava's reported move to get the mayor's post by proxy by installing his wife, Manisha Srivastava, as the mayor (the mayor's post is reserved for women) fell apart as Manisha lost the corporation election from the neighbouring ward no 8. Manisha was defeated by Soni Kumari. As against the 1,708 votes polled by Soni Kumari, Manisha got 1,649 votes.Another corporator who lost his clout in the GMC election was Ibrar Ahmad alias Bhola Miyan, who was elected unopposed from ward no. 25 as nobody dared file nomination against him. Two staunch followers of Bhola in the previous municipal body were defeated in neighbouring wards 26 and 27. Nearly 75% of the outgoing corporators got re-elected in the elections. Municipal corporators like Lalji Prasad, Ragini, Vinod Mandal and Khatib Ahmad retained their seats in the municipal body.Darbhanga : Anti-incumbency factor had no effect in the Darbhanga Municipal Corporation (DMC) election as 28 outgoing ward councillors from 47 municipal wards got re-elected.The DMC comprises 48 wards. Outgoing ward councillor Shankar Prasad Jayaswal was elected unopposed from ward no 41 after the last date of withdrawal of names. Elections were held for 47 out of 48 wards on May 17. Altogether 29 outgoing ward councillors were re-elected. The outgoing mayor, Gauri Paswan, and his predecessor, Ajay Paswan, were re-elected with three digit margin. Out of the 19 new elected ward councillors, 15 are young. Four outgoing ward councillors did not seek the new term and the nomination of one outgoing ward councillor was rejected because he had three children. The Darbhanga ADM-cum-returning officer for municipal election Dinesh Kumar handed over the victory certificates to 47 winning candidates.Nawada : While two of the former chairpersons of Hisua and Warisaliganj Nagar Panchayat Gita Devi and Jageshwar Chauhan retained their seats, it was thumbs down for the Nawada Nagar Parishad chairperson, Ashok Gupta. Incidentally, 50% of the former ward commissioners managed to stage a comeback. The counting of votes was conducted under stringent security arrangements and most of the results were declared by Saturday afternoon itself.Purnia/Saharsa: If the pattern of the civic poll results is any pointer, not many new entrants jockeying for berths in the Nagar Parishads and Nagar Panchayats across Purnia and Kosi divisions could curry favour with their electorate, though at some places they could turn the table on old hands. Many women candidates turned out to be star performers and stole the thunder from under the feet of their male counterparts in Kishanganj and Araria districts.In Purnia, as many as eight persons including four women edged out old ones in 17-member Banmankhi Nagar Panchayat. However, chairman Nigam Devi and vice chairman Naresh Kumar retained their seats. In 17-member Kasba Nagar Panchayat, only six newcomers won. In Manihari Nagar Panchayat in Katihar district, only four new contestants could walk away with success. Out of 15 seats, as many as six women candidates won the civic polls.In Kishanganj Nagar Parishad polls, Archi Jain, wife of the vice-chairman Trilok Chand Jain in the outgoing board, got a whopping majority of over 960 votes. This time Kishanganj Nagar Parishad will be dominated by women with as many as 18 out of 34 seats being grabbed by women candidates. Also, 17 newcomers will adorn the coveted seats in the Nagar Parishad. In 12-member Thakurganj Nagar Panchayat, five new aspirants outsmarted the old timers while newcomers turned the table by staking claims on eleven out of 18 seats in Bahadurganj Nagar Panchayat in Kishanganj district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13310881", "title": "PMO asks MoEF about way ahead on Haryana forestry scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Prime Minister's Office (PMO) has asked the environment ministry about its next course of action on the Haryana forestry scam after the state government refused to initiate a CBI inquiry into the matter.Based on pleadings made by the Indian Forest Service (IFS) official of Haryana cadre, Sanjiv Chaturvedi, who exposed several scams in the state forestry sector, the environment ministry had constituted a panel. The committee had indicted the state government and several of its officials and politicians for violation of laws. The report was then referred to Central Vigilance Committee (CVC) and CBI, both of which recommending a CBI inquiry into the matter.Consequently, the Centre asked Haryana government to file FIRs in the cases, and transfer them to CBI.Around the same time, the Haryana government made public a confidential note written by department of personnel and training (DoPT) on PMO's request, saying the original committee of the environment ministry had been ultra vires. The DoPT did not recommend any further action to nullify the environment ministry's actions, but the state government used the letter and countered the need to start a CBI probe.The DoPT, which had advised the PMO that the environment ministry's original report was not legally sound, acted on the approval of V Narayansamy, MoS in PMO and in-charge of DoPT.Ironically, the PMO has written to the environment ministry, asking about the actions it plans to take when Haryana government has refused to adhere to Centre's recommendations.In the letter dated May 3, a director in the PMO, said, \"The undersigned is directed to seek information (on) what action has been taken so far, by the ministry in respect of the report of the enquiry committee and what is the proposal of the ministry on further action on the report.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13310794", "title": "Is your wealth landlocked?", "text": "Don't bank on real estate if you require funds at a short notice, says financial planner Gaurav MashruwalaTwo women have played a critical role in my life. My mother taught me family values, and my wife is a constant source of motivation,\" says 39-yearold N R Sudarshan. His father died when he was only 17. The responsibility of his mother, two sisters and grandmother fell on him. \"Those years were difficult, but we supported each other. While I missed the fun of youth due to the responsibility of a family, what I learned during those years can't be learned in any college.\" Sudarshan lives with wife Vanaja, son Ajai, daughter Padmaja and mother Santha.What are they saving for?(1) They need Rs 15 lakh in two years for constructing a house on a plot in Comibatore. The family will eventually move to that house. (2) Rs 25 lakh for higher education of children after five years. (3) Rs 15 lakh for children's marriage after 15 years. (4) Rs 1 crore for retirement after 18 years. The family will keep revising these goals based on inflation. They also aspire to foreign travel.Where are they today?Cash Flow:Their gross monthly inflow is about Rs 1.15 lakh from all sources. Also, there are few annual receipts in the form of bonus etc worth Rs 4 lakh. Outflow per month is Rs 81,600. This includes routine household expenses, insurance premium, rent of the house they are living in, entertainment , regular savings, investment and EMI on their house in Chennai . About 24% of their monthly inflow is being utilized for servicing the EMI on home loan.Net Worth:The total value of assets is Rs 81.14 lakh. This includes assets worth Rs 27.30 lakh for selfconsumption in the form of car, jewellery and a plot on which a house will be constructed. Their outstanding liability on the home loan for their property is Rs 10 lakh.Contingency Fund:Against the monthly mandatory expense of Rs 68,000, the balance in savings account , bank fixed deposit, cash and other liquid fund is Rs 5.69 lakh. This is equivalent to 8.30 months' reserve.Health &amp; Life Insurance:There is one health insurance policy for Sudarshan with his wife and children for Rs 10 lakh. They have another health policy for Sudarshan with his mother for Rs 5 lakh. Total life cover is Rs 7.40 lakh for Sudarshan and Rs 10 lakh for Vanaja. Policies are investment-oriented .Saving &amp; Investment:Balance in savings bank is Rs 2 lakh; bank FD Rs 50,000, cash at home Rs 19,000 and liquid funds Rs 3 lakh. Market value of equity and equity mutual fund is Rs 2.65 lakh. Balance in EPF/ PPF is Rs 5.50 lakh and the value of Chennai property, which is for investment, is Rs 40 lakh.Fiscal AnalysisThere is decent inflow, including annual receipts. Outflow is well in control. Contingency fund is high, mainly as money in the bank and a liquid fund. Borrowing is well within limits. Health insurance is sufficient. Life insurance cover is extremely low. All life insurance policies are investment-oriented . The couple has been able to create a good amount of assets but the overall portfolio is skewed in favour of illiquid real estate.The Way AheadContingency Fund:Keep aside Rs 2 lakh for contingencies. Out of this, keep Rs 25,000 in the form of cash at home and the rest in a savings' bank account linked to a fixed deposit . Excess funds should be utilized to pay back the home loan.Health Insurance:It is sufficient.Life Insurance:Purchase a life cover of Rs 75 lakh in the form of a term plan for self. Vajana's income is from rent. She does not generate income from any occupation . Therefore, she needs a life insurance cover. Ideally, instead of paying a premium for her policies purchased in 2009, utilize the amount to create a retirement corpus for her by stopping the policy.Planning For Financial GoalsHome Construction:Utilize the surplus in a savings bank account and in a liquid fund to pay back the home loan. Also, use the bonus to pay back the home loan. This will reduce the monthly EMI and release substantial surplus cash every month. Use the amount to start a SIP in debt fund. Corpus so created along with bonus amount of next year will generate about Rs 10 lakh to Rs 12 lakh. Use this to construct a house. If there is a shortfall, either liquidate the equity portfolio or take a short-term loan.Children's Education:Once funding for home construction is complete , start a SIP in mutual fund with 20% equity and 80% debt to fund the children's educational needs. When higher educational requirement arises and in case of a shortfall, take a education loan.Children's Marriage:After completing children's education, start a SIP in an equity fund and a gold fund to create a corpus.Retirement:", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13310162", "title": "Water supply may be affected due to strike", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Supply of pipe drinking water in the state may be hit from June 12 with employees of public health and engineering department (PHEd) and rural water supply and sanitation department threatening to go on a state wide strike. The want regularization of contractual employees working since 1993, provident funds and group insurance scheme benefits to nominal muster roll (NMR) workers, hike in the daily wags of employees and financial assistance to employees collecting water tax.\"We have tried to draw the state government's attention to our demands many times. But ironically the government has always shown a dilly-dally attitude forcing us to go on an indefinite strike,\" said Sudrashan Pradhan, general secretary of State Public Health Engineering Association, the organization which has given the strike call. He said nearly 12,000 employees of their departments, including class IV employees, would participate in this strike.\"We have no intention of troubling people and therefore we always tried to convince the government. But a solution eludes us,\" Pradhan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13310446", "title": "Madhya Pradesh to launch chopper services for tourists", "text": "BHOPAL: After tying up with Ventura and launching intra-state charter air service with small planes, Madhya Pradesh Tourism Corporation (MPTC) is planning to join hands with Pawan Hans Helicopters Limited (PHHL) to kick off chopper service in the sprawling state.\"We have successfully launched air-connectivity between from Bhopal to Indore, Gwalior, Jabalpur, Rewa and Khajuraho and now looking forward to tie up with PHHL to start off helicopter service,\" MPTC chairman Mohan Yadav said.Right now Ventura Air-connect is flying single engine nine-seater in Madhya Pradesh.\"If all goes well, we plan to station choppers in the state capital, Indore and other places and fly tourists to tiger reserves, famous Pachmarhi hill station and other destinations,\" MPTC general manager R P Chauhan said.Jammu and Kashmir government is already airlifting the passengers with the help of helicopters to promote religious tourism, he added.Chauhan said that they were in contact with PHHL and trying hard to launch the chopper facility, adding that it would be a huge hit if shaped properly.\"Tourists love to see tiger and MP's parks are having the striped animal in abundance. Even the industrialists would be attracted towards the state,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13310462", "title": "High court stays shifting of Kendriya Vidyalaya", "text": "MADURAI: Madurai Bench of the Madras high court has stayed shifting of Kendriya Vidyalaya at Fort Branch of Tiruchirappalli, to the Ordnance Factory area.Justice D Hariparanthaman, in a recent order, granted the stay on a petition by parents of five students studying in the Fort branch.T N Prabhaharan, one of the parents, said in his affidavit that he chose to admit his child in the first standard in the school as it was near his house. He said that one of the conditions for admission for students in the Vidyalaya schools was a declaration by parents that they were living within five km from the school.Now, the principal of the school has issued a notice that the Fort branch of the school would be shifted and merged with the main school on the Ordnance Factory campus located 25 km away, he said and prayed for setting aside the notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13310350", "title": "Six killed in various road accidents in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Six persons were killed in road accidents at various places in the district late Thursday and Friday.One of them, a 19-year old computer student from Sevvaipettai in Salem, R Vinodkumar, was returning to his room in Coimbatore along with his friends on a two-wheeler at 3.30am on Friday when the accident happened. Vinod was riding pillion with Hari Karthick on his race bike when the latter lost control of the vehicle and rammed a milestone on Pollachi Road. Vinod died on the spot while a seriously-injured Karthick has been admitted to a private hospital here. Vadakkipalayam police have registered a case.In the second incident, a 70-year-old woman pedestrian died after she was knocked down by a two-wheeler near Pollachi on Friday. Police said, S Mayilathal alias Palaniammal of Ram Nagar on Palakkad Road near Pollachi was crossing the road near Gandhi Nagar when the speeding two-wheeler hit her. She was rushed to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH), where she was declared brought dead.On Friday, aPollachi West police have registered a case.36-year-old man was killed when two two-wheelers collided near Singanallur. Police said N Nandakumar of Neelikonampalayam near Singanallur was working in a lathe workshop and was on the way to his work place when the accident took place. Nandakumar died on the spot. Manoharan, the other two-wheeler rider, sustained head injuries and has been admitted to a private hospital.Traffic Investigation Wing (TIW) of Coimbatore city police has registered a case.In another incident, two persons were killed on the outskirts of the city on Thursday. Police said, S Devasagayam, 49, of Erisanampatti, was working as gatekeeper in Southern Railway in Palakkad. Devasagayam and his friend K Aruchamy, 61, of Devanurpudur near Udumalpet had gone to Udumalpet on a two-wheeler on Thursday night. When they reached near Chinnapudur bus stop on Udumalpet-Anaimalai Road, a speeding two-wheeler dashed against Devasagayam's vehicle. Devasagayam died on the spot while Aruchamy was rushed to a private hospital in Coimbatore where he was declared brought dead.A Shanmugavel, 37, an auto driver of Pungamuthur near Udumalpet and his friend M Suresh, 24, auto driver from the same village, sustained head injuries and were admitted to CMCH. Gomangalam police have registered the case and the investigation is on.In yet another accident, a 55-year-old C Duraisamy of Pongalur near Avinashi was killed in an accident at Irumporai near Sirumgai on Thursday night. He was returning home on his moped when a speeding car dashed against his vehicle. He was rushed to Mettupalayam hospital where he was declared as brought dead.Coimbatore: Six persons died in separate road mishaps in Coimbatore district on Thursday and Friday.R Vinodkumar (19) of Sevvaipettai in Salem district was undergoing a computer course in Coimbatore. He stayed along with his friend Manoj Girish (20) of Salem in the city. Manoj is studying third year BE (Computer Science) at Karpagam Engineering College. Their school mate Hari Karthick (20) of Salem also reached Coimbatore four days ago with his imported race bike. He also stayed with Vinodkumar.On Friday around 3.30 am, the trio had planned to go to a nearby tea stall on two motor cycles. They were returning to their room and Vinod was riding pillion with Hari Karthick on his race bike when they met with accident.Police claimed that Vinod asked Karthick to ride fast since the road was vacant. But Karthick lost control of the vehicle and hit a mile stone on the Pollachi road. Both riders were thrown from the vehicle in the impact of the collision, killing Vinod on the spot. Karthick sustained leg injuries and was admitted in a private hospital. Vadakkipalayam police have registered a case and the investigation is on.In the second accident, a 70-year-old woman pedestrian died after she was knocked down by a two wheeler near Pollachi on Friday. Police said, S Mayilathal alias Palaniammal, of Ram Nagar on the Palakkad road near Pollachi tried to cross the Palakkad road near Gandhi Nagar when a speeding motor cycle dashed against her. She sustained severe injuries and was rushed to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) where she was declared brought dead. Pollachi West police have registered a case.In the third incident, a 36-year-old man was killed in an accident on Friday. Police said N Nandakumar of Neelikonampalayam near Singanallur was working in a lathe workshop. He was on the way to the workshop on his bike on Friday evening. A speeding motor cycle drove by P Manoharan hit against Nandakumar who sustained grievous head injuries and died on the spot. Manoharan sustained head injuries and has been admitted in a private hospital. Traffic Investigation Wing (TIW) of Coimbatore city police has registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13309455", "title": "Wedged within nature", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After a 5 km drive, as the concrete city fades into rustic countryside, the spirits of the weekenders soar. Their obligations of the weekdays dissolve, only to unwind cozily in nature, not too far from the urban buzz and yet not too near either.\"Breaking away from the stress of the everyday, I wanted my retreat to celebrate this weekly retirement,\" says city-based businessman Shriraj Shah. \"It would also be a place to host gatherings for my family and friends. At the same time it had to be a minimal intervention, maximizing the relationship with nature.\"Spurred with this design brief, the BandukSmith Associates designed a house - a 40 metre wall wedged within landscape. The interior family spaces are all recessed within this 'thickened wall'!Set within a 400 sq m plot surrounded by vegetation, the prospects of opening the house to a vista was limited. For the architect, the only respite was to direct the senses upwards.The Straight House, as the architect couple - Sachin Bandukwala and Mellisa Smith - call it, divides the ground into two. The larger one in the north is for summer gatherings and the smaller in the south for cozy winter get-togethers.The sliding doors of the family spaces open to the verandah, connect the two gardens through the interior. The bedrooms are tucked in the back, sheltered by walls and punctured by skylights.\"In Ahmedabad's weather, you don't want the harsh sun, but don't want to block the air either,\" says Bandukwala. \"The thick walls and verandahs allows light to enter, keeping the heat out.\"The displaced ground surface is transposed on the roof as a terrace garden. As one enjoys company and tea in the northern lawns, champas growing on the roof-top terrace frame the silhouette of the house.The house is filled with many more micro-details - like seats set within the arcade, stormwater pipes forming waterfalls and a cantilevered balcony peeking out to south lawns.Smith says, \"An architectural abstract is often created from personal details. These details, when woven together, form the narrative of a home.\"The Aha Moment!The verandah transforms gently into a ramp which winds its way around the house to this terrace garden intermitted by the table-top skylights. Having surpassed notions of levels the Aha moment is, as you wander about the house, the sense of gliding through the space which the ramp provides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13309124", "title": "Several areas to go without power on Monday", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended on Monday, May 21, from 9am to 5pm for maintenance work.Nehru Indoor Stadium: Part of Sydenhams Rd, Deppo St, P T Mudhali st, Part of Sami Pillai St, A P Rd, Hunters lane, General Collins Rd, Madex St, V V koil St, Kuravan kulam, Subbaha Naidu St, Out door Stadium, Indoor Stadium, Apparao garden, Periya Thambi St, Andiyappan St, Anandha Krishnan St, P K Mudhali St, Choolai.Whites Road: Peters Rd door no 56 to 206, Cwodiya mutt Rd door no 1 to 120, Whites Rd, Pattulas Rd, R O B 1 to 6th St, Anna salai door no 180 to 189, Ganapathy Colony 1 &amp; 3rd St, Layards Rd, Smith Rd, G P Rd, Petters Colony, Gopalapuram.Anna Ngr 6th Avenue: Z-G-I-S-V-U-T-Q-R-M-N-block, Belly area, Entire P&T; Qrts, Udayam Colony, Vasantham Colony, Iswarya flats, 18 &amp; 20th main Rd, Garden view Apartments, Tower view Colony, K-4 Police Station, Police Qrts, AC Qrts, SI Qrts, Ambedkar Ngr, New Avadi Rd, Royal Enclave, Lotus Colony, Krishna Colony, Victory Colony, Bogunvilla Aparts, Annai Sathya Ngr, Mullai Ngr, Thendral Colony, Thiruvalluvar, Kambar Kudi Iruppu, Thangam Colony, Thirumoolar Colony, 2nd avenue.Villivakkam: MTH Rd, Moorthy Ngr, North &amp; South Thirumalai Ngr, Seeyalam St, Narayana Maistry St, Rajiv Gandhi Ngr, South &amp; East Mada St, Chennai Battai Rd, CTH Rd, Red Hills Rd, Reddy St, Mounasamy Madam St, Devar St, P E koil South &amp; North Mada St, Mettu St and lane, Station Rd.Ayanavaram: P E koil main St, P E koil West &amp; North Mada St, Vellala St, Chakkaravarthy Ngr, Thiru-Vi-Ka St, Muthamman koil St, Muthamman Ngr, K H Rd, Market St, Link St, Veerasamy St, K K Ngr, Pachakkal Housing Colony &amp; Ngr, Thirumalai Raja St, Palayakara St, Mylappa St, Munusamy St, Appa Durai St, Madurai St, Vasantha garden, Ganambal garden, Ganambal garden, A V koil St, Ponnusamy St, Pillalinton Rd, Andersen St &amp; Rd, Bangaru St, Srinivasa St.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "jaipur/jaisalmer", "code": "13313500", "title": "Collectors to write to Gujarat counterparts for female feticide prevention", "text": "JAIPUR/JAISALMER: Collectors of border districts in Rajasthan have decided to write to their counterparts of adjoining districts in Gujarat seeking their cooperation in improving sex ratio in Rajasthan, as the state government suspects that pregnant women cross the border for sex selection.The state government has identified three districts of Gujarat - Deesa, Palanpur and Ahmedabad -where the pregnant women often go for sex determination tests of their fetuses.Principal health secretary B N Sharma had taken up the issue recently and wrote to the Gujarat health commissioner pointing out that \"a mechanism to closely monitor pregnant women crossing the border to ensure that the Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act is not violated needs to be developed so that our coming generation does not face adverse effects of declining sex ratio\".Now, as the state government has stepped up efforts to check female feticide and sex selection, Barmer district collector Veena Pradhan has decided to write collectors of Deesa, Palanpur and Ahmedabad.\"We have made it mandatory for pregnant women to produce identity proofs before undergoing sonography. Now, we want that the districts in Gujarat - Deesa, Palanpur and Ahmadabad - to keep identity proofs of the people who are coming to their sonography centers so that we will also be able to keep a check on pregnant women who are crossing the border for sonography tests,\" Pradhan said.Barmer and Jaisalmer district administrations in cooperation with the police have already launched campaigns against femal feticide and sex selection tests.Pradhan said that they are organizing many public awareness campaigns in 8 panchayat samitis on female feticide. She has also started sending administrative officers to religious programmes to send message to save girl child.Pradhan said to make 'save girl child campaign' a public awareness campaign and to involve people, especially women, sub divisional officers and tehsildars have been directed to spread messages on protecting the girl child in religious programmes.She said the government is taking an important decision to prevent female feticides and has asked all officers to take affidavits from the couple whenever a marriage takes place that they will neither get sex determination done nor will involve in female feticide.Apart from this, an order has been issued to form a district-level advisory committee which will hold a meeting on a fixed date in which monthly activities will be reviewed. Also, tracking of each pregnant woman will be done and will monitor whether she will undergo sonograpy or if she decides to get her fetus aborted.Along with medical health and family welfare department, district administration officers will check each private hospital which have facilities for medical termination of pregnancies. A plan will be made for better monitoring along with the help of NGOs and other social organizations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13309869", "title": "Interim report on Metro parking submitted", "text": "KOCHI: Cusat's school of management studies (SMS) has submitted an interim report to Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) on parking at Metro stations. The report stated that parking facilities are necessary in suburbs and that their scope decrease in interior areas of the city.A final report on the same will be submitted within three to four weeks. A team headed by SMS director Dr P R Wilson conducted the study by approaching potential passengers and analyzing secondary data such as reports, documents and policy papers.A questionnaire was shared among 50 people per station, the survey had 1,100 respondents.The report said parking may not be required at Ambattukavu, Muttam, Pathadippalam, North and Maharajas Junction stations while a large parking area is necessary in Aluva, Petta, Vyttila Hub, Kaloor and South.\"We are happy with the interim report and are assessing the recommendations. Anyway, the final report is expected in few weeks' time and we will take a decision after receiving it,\" said KMRL MD Tom Jose.The report suggested that connecting services be provided at few major stations. 'Metro Connect' - the feeder service - is expected to connect Aluva terminal station to KSRTC stand and Aluva railway station, Petta terminal station to Thripunithura bus stand, Cusat station to university campus and Maharajas station to KSRTC bus stand.Earlier, KMRL had approached SMS to conduct a study on parking requirements at metro stations and assess the extent of land required at each station. SMS was also instructed to identify suitable land for parking and prepare a general layout for the same.Kochi: School of Management Studies (SMS), Cusat, has submitted the interim report on parking in metro stations to Kochi Metro Rail Limited. The report suggests that the need of parking facility is more in the suburban areas and it decreases towards the inner parts of the city.The final report on the same will be submitted within three to four weeks.A team headed by Dr P R Wilson, director of SMS, conducted the study through personal interviews of potential riders, and analyzing secondary data such as reports, documents and policy papers. A questionnaire was prepared and was shared among 50 people per station, totalling 1,100 respondents.The report says that parking may not be required in stations such as Ambattukavu, Muttam, Pathadippalam, North and Maharajas Junction. The stations in Aluva and Petta will have the biggest parking facilities. Vyttila Hub, Kaloor and South stations will also need a large parking area.\"We are happy with the output of the interim report and are in the process of assessing the recommendations. Anyway, the final report is expected in few weeks' time and we will take the final call after receiving it,\" said Tom Jose, managing director, KMRL.The report also suggests having a connectivity service to be provided in a few main stations. 'Metro Connect' - the feeder service - is expected to connect Aluva terminal station to KSRTC stand and railway stations of Aluva, Petta terminal station to Thripunithura bus stand, Cusat station to University campus and Maharajas station to KSRTC bus stand.Earlier, KMRL had entrusted SMS to conduct a study on parking requirements of metro stations and assess the extent of land required at each station. SMS was also instructed to identify suitable land for parking and prepare a general lay out for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13315349", "title": "Exploring gender issues through Chitrangada", "text": "From Rituparno Ghosh's documentary on Tagore to Bappaditya Bandopadhyay's adaptation of Elar Char Adhyay, this year has seen a number of directors from Tollywood attempting to adapt different works of Tagore for the big screen.Tagore albums have been released by the dozen and even group theatres have come up with interesting adaptations of the bard's plays. While professionals have a different approach, even those who aren't from the film, television or theatre industry of Kolkata are not to be left far behind. One such attempt is by Nite Nritye, a group of young creative minds who come from different age groups but are united by their love for Tagore. For the past couple of months, this group of youngsters has been rehearsing to stage an adaptation of Tagore's Chitrangada . The first show of their production will be held at the Rotary Sadan today. Says director Debarshi Dutta, \"We have gathered to mark the end of the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of Tagore with one of his most celebrated dance dramas titled Chitrangada . This play has been selected since we wish to bring forth the woman as the protagonist and revere her different forms. Our cast cuts across people from different age groups and work frames who have got together to create creativity under one banner.\" The cast includes Tapan Mandal, Shaoli Mukherjee and Mou Das, among others. Says Shaoli, \"We come from different walks of life. While some of members of our group are students, others also work in call centres. Though our job is demanding, we still want to give vent to our creative urge. Every weekend, we have been rehearsing diligently so that we can put up a good show. We are exploring gender issues through Chitrangada .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13309435", "title": "Push to shake off debt burden", "text": "KOLKATA: On the completion of one year in office, the Mamata Banerjee government is adopting a two pronged strategy to combat the debt trap.\"We have collected additional revenue of Rs 4,000 crore in 2011-12 though there was no new tax. It was Rs 25,000 crore in 2011-12 compared to Rs 21,000 crore in 2010-11. It will easily cross Rs 30,000 crore this year because there are additional tax components,\" Mitra said.He pointed out that measures like introduction of e-filing of return under sales tax act, pre assessment refund facility through electronic clearing system, enhancement of number of banks receiving e-payment of taxes have resulted in better compliance and revenue generation in 2011-12.In the current fiscal, some new taxes have been added - like compensatory entry tax, one-time motor vehicle tax, stamp duty on developers agreement, and increase of VAT in luxury commodities - that would mobilise additional revenue.\"Last year, through better compliance alone we have mobilised an additional Rs 4,000 crore. This year it will be much more because of the new taxes,\" he added.However, Mitra made it clear that increase in internal revenue generation alone cannot clear the fiscal mess unless there is aid from the Centre. He argued that the Centre too is responsible for Bengal's debt trap so it should help out.The finance minister alleged that Centre has repeatedly allowed the former Left Front government to resort to market borrowing despite the fact that Bengal was the only major state which refused to obey Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management act (FRBM).He pointed out that all the major states came under FRBM by 2005-06 except Bengal. A state government needs to take permission from union finance ministry while going for market borrowing.\"Interestingly Centre has always gave permission to the Left Front government to raise money from market through RBI auction though it was not following FRBM. Just 30 days before we came to office the former government raised Rs 5,400 crore from market. Left Front rampantly borrowed money to maintain its cadre base and the Centre has allowed them to do so that has resulted in this burgeoning debt. So this has to be shared by the Centre,\" he added.Now, market borrowing stands at around Rs 90,000 crore and is the biggest component of Rs 2.08 lakh crore debt stock of Bengal. The market borrowing was around Rs 80,000 crore when the new government took over.Mitra reiterated that the state will continue to demand a moratorium on principal repayment and interest for three years followed by a debt restructuring. The state has to pay Rs 23,199 crore every year on account interest and principal repayment. This is likely to go up to Rs 25,561 crore soon if the debt is not restructured.\"Punjab has got moratorium for both principal and interest between 1995 and 2006. The amount was Rs 9,000 crore. The finance commission has also accepted that Bengal, Punjab and Kerala are the three debt stressed state with Bengal topping the list,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh/ gurgaon", "code": "13308619", "title": "Dana Silva Sangma suicide case: Haryana seeks report from cops", "text": "CHANDIGARH/ GURGAON: The Haryana government on Saturday indicated that it is not in a hurry to hand over the investigation into Amity University student Dana Silva Sangma's suicide case to CBI.Dana, a management student, allegedly committed suicide on the university campus in Gurgaon on April 24. Her uncle and Meghalaya chief minister Mukul Sangma had written to Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda seeking a CBI probe into the matter a few days ago. The Haryana police had then recommended the probe by the premier investigation agency into the matter.The Hooda government has now sought a status report from the state police on the progress of the investigation. Sources indicated that the state government wanted to evaluate the inquiry done by its police before taking a final decision on the issue of a CBI probe.State home secretary Samir Mathur said, \"A decision on the issue may take more time.\"Sources also indicated that another reason for the government's cautiousness in the issue of a CBI probe might be the judicial scrutiny of the case.Recently, Dana's elder sister Balsame Sangma had moved Punjab and Haryana high court seeking inquiry into the incident by an independent agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13309431", "title": "Gujarat high court stays Gujarat Energy Transmission Corporation Ltd's installation of towers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has stayed the Gujarat Energy Transmission Corporation Ltd (GETCO) from installing high power towers for its transmission lines in some villages of Morbi block in Rajkot district.Farmers from three villages - Jikiyari, Chakampar and Jivapar moved the HC with complaint that GETCO started acquiring land and installing high power towers of 400 KV transmission lines on their farms. Their counsel Gaurav Mehta contended that the corporation was installing towers on land without obtaining consent of land owners as per the process of law. Moreover, the farmers also alleged that they were subjected to discriminatory treatment with regard to compensation.The petitioners submitted that the government company issued crop damage intimation letter for proposed acquisition of farms for installation of towers in May. Against this, objections regarding compensation were lodged, but no reply was given by the company.On Thursday, the company started digging over agriculture lands. This forced the farmers to file an urgent petition.After hearing the case, justice M R Shah issued notice to GETCO and restrained it from carrying out any activity on agriculture land till further orders. This case will be further heard on June 11 by a larger bench, which is already hearing similar cases. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13309206", "title": "Hackers hit cyber security agency's site", "text": "Online hacker group Anonymous continued its protest against internet censorship for a third day on Saturday, taking down the website of the Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In).Operational since 2004, CERT-In is the national nodal agency for responding to computer security incidents as and when they occur. The website () was still down till reports last came in.\"We aren't harming the websites or changing their content. This is a silent protest,\" said Anonymous told TOI.The international hacktivist group launched 'Operation India' on Thursday, taking down the websites of the Supreme Court of India, DoT, MIT, AICC, BJP, and Copyrights Labs. Continuing on Saturday, it attacked the online portal of Reliance Big Entertainment (RBE) because it obtained a John Doe order to prevent access to sites such as file-sharing portal The Pirate Bay, video-sharing service Vimeo, and more. The hackers have previously attacked websites of the US department of justice, US Copyrights Office, Sony PlayStation Network and FBI and the Egyptian government.Anonymous also disowned a separate attack on the Indian Army Website, called Operation Kashmir, telling TOI: \"We are not involved in attacking the website of the Indian National Army. We believe a country's defence organizations should be left alone.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13310371", "title": "Read all the signs, wait it out on Iran", "text": "Last week, India decided to cut crude import from Iran by 11% to 15.5 million tonne this financial year. The US has said this reduction did not happen because of its pressure. But the recent visit of US state department's special envoy for international energy issues, Carlos Pascual, to New Delhi has raised eyebrows about unwarranted US pressure on India over importing Iranian oil. Pascual's comments that he was \"not too impressed\", and reports that he was \"unhappy\" with India's level of reduction of oil intake from Iran are queering the pitch for India-US relations, which should ideally transcend short-term geopolitical storms.American insistence that India be either with the West or with Iran on oil sanctions is not a welcome development. In pursuit of its own interest, India would prefer to have ties with both the US and with Iran for different reasons. American diplomatic messaging that we jettison one for the sake of the other is a constriction that no independent minded sovereign nation can politically swallow.Moreover, winds of change are sweeping the amalgam of forces which determine the future direction of the Iran imbroglio. India would be wise to factor these shifts into its response to the American importuning on cutting down oil imports from Iran. The victory of Socialist presidential candidate, Francois Hollande, in France is softening European hawkishness on sanctioning and isolating Iran. Unlike his conservative predecessor, Nicolas Sarkozy , Hollande is not ideologically and viscerally anti-Iranian. The Franco-German leadership duo of the European Union is no longer likely to push Iran into a corner on its nuclear programme and bully it with a barrage of sanctions.The tour of a former socialist French prime minister, Michel Rocard , to Iran just after Hollande's electoral triumph is indicative of a new direction. Although dubbed as a \"private visit\" to Tehran, Rocard's closeness to Hollande is well known. No wonder then that Iran's foreign minister Ali Akbar Salehi has \"welcomed the victory of Francois Hollande\" and \"hoped to see a new approach taken between Tehran and Paris .\"The 'Hollande effect' could also be seen in the '5+1' talks that are scheduled to resume in Baghdad this week between the permanent members of the UN Security Council and Germany on one hand, and Iran on the other. With Russia and China dragging their feet on a more hardline position on Iran, and France now becoming more nuanced compared to the gung-ho attitude of the past Sarkozy regime, the chances of a negotiated settlement on Iran are better now. This would be music to India's ears, as we would prefer not to be placed in an awkward squeeze by the Americans on the Iran front.The state whose attitude to Iran really matters, even though it is not a member of the '5+1' grouping, is Israel. Here too, there has been a meaningful turn in coalition politics lately. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has secured a super majority in the Israeli Knesset by allying with the centrist Kadima party , thereby reducing his dependence on the rabidly anti-Arab and anti-Iranian far right party, Israel Beitenu.Should the Obama administration be aiming at another \"October surprise\" (a term made infamous in 1980 when the Iran hostage crisis had an impact on Ronald Reagan's presidential election win)- which could mean an announcement of a political process to wind down confrontation with Iran- then the revamped Israeli political structure could also be open to accepting it.India would do well to anticipate some of these tectonic movements and not surrender by abandoning Iranian oil. Influential American senator Dianne Feinstein has expressed hope that the '5+1' talks with Iran in Baghdad later this month \"may lead to a breakthrough.\" If the currents head towards a peaceful end to this long crisis, which had begun with the George W Bush administration's tagging of Iran as a member of the 'axis of evil' , then India needs to just be patient and firm to see through American conditional diplomacy.Hasty retrenchment of Iranian oil imports beyond the cuts that have already occurred in the last few months would not only be politically unpalatable for India, which prides itself on an independent foreign policy, but also be blind to the evolving global compass on the Iran question. Iran's willingness to compromise on its nuclear options may be understated, and it is not impossible that the West will compromise and close the deal with a less-than-total-disarmament of Iran.Herein lies the opportunity for major consumers of Iranian oil like India, which has reduced its dependence on Iran to 9% of total oil imports in the last few months from a high of 11%, but which cannot afford to make more drastic cuts as desired by Washington. We must calibrate our policy by reading through dynamic global political trends that are deviating away from war and sanctions towards a modus vivendi with Iran. By doing so, we can have our cake of the India-US partnership and eat Iranian energy supplies too.The author is a professor and dean of the Jindal School of International Affairs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13309280", "title": "Still miles to go, Cong tells Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: The state Congress on Saturday disagreed with the chief minister's glowing appraisal of her government, quoting Robert Frost's famous lines to remind Mamata Banerjee \"we have promises to keep and miles to go before we can sleep\".The alliance partner published its own booklet to draw attention to the government's shortcomings, but stopped short of a scathing criticism and chose not to dub the Mamata regime a \"success\" or a \"failure\".\"The much publicized statement '100% work is completed' is not a perception shared by the Congress. Re-building of Bengal has just started,\" said the opening paragraph of the 21-page booklet published by the PCC that, coupled with the quote from Frost, formed the preamble to its assessment. PCC chief Pradip Bhattacharya said the Congress wanted to draw attention to areas that needed rectification. But he did mention the government's two successes - Darjeeling and Jangalmahal - though these were not a part of the booklet.According to PCC chief Pradip Bhattacharya, law and order in Bengal was bad enough to scare away potential investors. He said she was concerned about the attacks on Congress supporters by Trinamool workers.\"The combined effort of Congress and Trinamool was necessary to remove CPM from power. No single party could have done it. It will be a mistake to deny the contribution of Congress,\" he argued. The booklet also mentioned the Park Street rape case and other rape cases \"giving a black spot on the image of Bengal\". A \"syndicate system\" was taking over Bengal, it warned.The PCC president appreciated the move of the chief minister and the industries minister to meet potential investors but thought there was little chance of industries coming up in the state if land could not be arranged for them. He favoured a role for the government in arranging land for industrial units as land in the state was fragmented and it was not possible for an individual industrialist to procure all the land he needed.\"We have no information about the progress in setting up of a land bank,\" he said, pointing out that the only way of employment generation was through setting up of industries.Bhattacharya sympathized with the demand of the state government for a moratorium on payment of interest of Central debts, but said the state must also come forward to generate more resources.He did not agree with the assertion of Trinamool leaders that the Centre had not helped the state financially. Bhattacharya warned that if there was any move by the state government to change the name of Indira Bhavan in Salt Lake to Nazrul Bhavan, then Congress would launch an agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13309859", "title": "Jobless engineer commits suicide", "text": "BANGALORE: Dejected because he couldn't get a job, a 22-year-old mechanical engineering graduate allegedly committed hanged himself at his residence in Channasandra, Kadugodi near Whitefield on Saturday. In a suicide note, DR Shyam, a native of Tiptur in Tumkur district and alumnus of MVJ College, said he was unhappy because he had no job.\"My parents had taken a loan for my education and I'm not able to repay it as I have no job,\" Shyam said in the note.The incident came to light in the evening when his elder brother Manjunath returned home from work. \"He knocked on the locked door and then peeped through the window,\" Kadugodi police said.Manjunath, an HAL employee, recalled how he had spoken to Shyam hours before the incident. \"I knew he was trying hard to secure a job after getting a degree this year. Seeing him depressed, I had consoled him on Saturday afternoon,\" Manjunath said. The brothers are staying in a rented house in Channasandra, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13309486", "title": "Santej fire: Cooling off operation run for 14 hours", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A unit of Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) - comprising two firefighters and two tankers - continued its operation at Ashley PVC, a plastic unit near Santej, 24 hours after a fire broke out. The aim was to cool down the place and prevent fire from spreading. The vehicles returned late in the afternoon, said AFES officials.According to AFES, Ashley PVC, in the Gandhinagar district, reported fire at 9.30 am on Friday. The fire started in the outer storage area where produced PVC goods were kept. Gandhinagar Fire Brigade and Arvind Industry's fire brigade started a firefighting operation but the blaze spread to the godown area in the building. tnn\"We started dousing the flames,\" said an AFES official. \"The work continued for more than five hours in which more than 20 tankers were used. The fire had been doused but it was important to cool off the place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "13310065", "title": "Naga Students' Federation appeals to 'rebel groups' to abstain from taxing schools, colleges", "text": "KOHIMA: The Naga Students' Federation (NSF) has appealed to all the \"Naga rebel groups\" to abstain from imposing any sort of taxation on government or private educational institutions in the Naga-inhabited areas.In a statement here on Saturday, NSF publicity and information secretary Vipah Domeh and sports secretary C Jungithung Yanthan said the federation considered such an act an \"assassination of our future generation\" as educational institutions play a major role in the development of the Naga society.The NSF's appeal came following the \"illegal taxes\" imposed by Naga militant outfits on schools and colleges in Nagaland.The statement said, \"In upholding our principle of promoting quality education and cultivating the spirit to preserve culture, customs and heritage, the federation has been protecting and empowering the workforce in every educational institution with an aim to encourage the students to pursue their academic career.\"The NSF requested \"every Naga brother working for a common cause to refrain from such taxation\" and asked the educational institutions \"to report to the NSF office in case of extortions\". tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13309506", "title": "Six held from Ghatlodia for betting on IPL", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of deputy commissioner of police Zone I officials busted a betting racket in Ghatlodia and arrested six with mobile phones and cash. The accused have been handed over to Ghatlodia police for further investigation.According to Zone I striking force officialsPolice said they got tip-off that a house in Bhagyoday Society was used for betting on ongoing IPL matches. Working on the information,The team raided house number 5 and 6 and rounded up six persons - Kuldeep Gadhavi, Hemang Shah, Randhir Desai, Rajesh Punjabi, Dipesh Shah and Ghanshyam Prajapati, all residents of various societies in Ghatlodia - from the spot.\"A laptop, The group was found in possession of 10 cell phones, a TV and Rs 32,400 were seized from the spot. They were taking bets on Rajasthan Royals and Deccan Chargers match.On questioning, they confessed that Gadhavi was the main bookie; he had started taking bets from beginning of the seas-on's startQuestioning is on to know who were the persons betting on matches,\" said an official. tnnThe city has witnessed more than 15 raids in this IPL season where various police stations and crime branch officials have rounded up 37 persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13308947", "title": "CM Prithviraj Chavan briefs President Pratibha Patil on drought", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan discussed the drought situation prevalent in the state with President Pratibha Patil on Saturday afternoon at Rashtrapati Bhavan.According to information, Chavan briefed Patil on the gravity of the situation and the relief measures taken by the government. A discussion on issues of water scarcity prevalent in the state was also taken up. Chavan is believed to have discussed his government's plans to promote water conservation schemes.According to sources, the issue of inauguration of the new Maharashtra Sadan in the capital was taken up. The state is keen to inaugurate the new facility at the hands of Patil, whose tenure ends on July 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13309896", "title": "Godrej expects fundflow in agriculture, tourism", "text": "PATNA: Noted industrialist and CII president Adi B Godrej has expressed confidence that more investment will come in agriculture and tourism sectors in Bihar due to investment-friendly atmosphere created by the state government.During his meeting with chief minister Nitish Kumar here on Saturday, Godrej recalled Bihar Day celebrations in Mumbai and said the CM's meeting with industrialists was very useful. \"The CII will fully cooperate and play its role in the industrial development of Bihar,\" he said.Praising the state's new Industrial Promotion Policy, he said this would help attract investors. The corporate sector, he added, was quite impressed with the growth rate of Bihar. \"The CII will also help in inviting industrialists to set up their establishments here,\" Godrej assured the CM.Godrej, who was accompanied by CII's director general Chandrajeet Banerjee, CII's east zone chairman R K Agrawal, Bihar chapter president S P Sinha and vice-president Amit Saraogi and regional director Sangat Mukherjee, discussed with CM issues like law and order, agriculture, tourism, healthcare and infrastructure development.The CM said under the new policy, single window system has been introduced and infrastructure has been developed. Interested industrialists are being provided land, he said and told Godrej that CII should provide master trainers for skill development.Godrej, who visited Bihar for the first time, praised the state NDA government's efforts to create a favourable atmosphere for industrialization and said positive changes were visible in the state. He said the state government's commitment to overall development of the state has been proved with stability in its growth rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13309722", "title": "Working out at camps, students have hectic summer this time", "text": "CHENNAI: The school vacation is still on but 12-year-old Sanjay Kumar does not get to sleep late. At 5am, he heads for swimming lessons. A few hours and a heavy breakfast later, it is time to pack his bags for French lessons that go on for the next three hours. While he can spend his evenings with friends, thrice a week he also squeezes in handwriting classes.\"School opens only in June so he has plenty of free time. Even with these classes, we get time to go to the movies or the beach,\" says his mother Sudha, an IT professional who takes a month off every year during school holidays to spend time with her son. \"My husband can get only a week off so we holiday then and spend rest of the time in the city. I want my son to spend that time productively,\" she says.Many students like Sanjay have a hectic schedule during the holidays, with parents insisting that it's the best time for children to hone skills, whether it's brushing up on math and French or excelling in a sport.Sarala Madhavan sends her son, a class 8 student for French classes daily during the summer. \"His teacher at school is not very good so I send him for extra coaching during holidays,\" she says.Alliance Francaise, for instance, conducts crash courses for children in April and May. \"We have 75-hour programmes and students do 15 hours every week till they complete it,\" says the manager (admin). So far 60 children in the eight to 13 age group have attended the classes.Handwriting lessons are also popular with parents. S Growel Skills in Anna Nagar offers crash courses during the vacation. \"We have customised 60-hour programmes for children from outside Chennai,\" says Lalitha Kannan, who runs the institute with along her husband P Mohan Kannan.With many schools starting their academic year in April before closing again for the summer, children have holiday homework and projects to grapple with during their break. So, many working parents are depending on tuition teachers to help them out.Some parents place an equal emphasis on sports. \"I send my daughter for math classes thrice a week as she is weak in the subject. But I also send her for swimming lessons during summer,\" says Simran Shah, whose daughter is in class VI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13308543", "title": "Flat owners protest at delay in possession", "text": "GURGAON: Agitated over the four year delay in the completion of the project, Palm Grove Height flat owners association held a demonstration outside the builder's office in Ardee City on Saturday afternoon.The builder has to construct 425 flats in nine multi-storey apartments. There are over 150 flats and the owners have paid over 70% of the entire price of the flat. All the flats have three bedrooms, which should have been completed by 2008. \"The project doesn't seem to be anywhere near completion and all owners are suffering both financially and mentally,\" said Raj Kamboj, a flat owner.The delay in completion of the project is also impacting the overall price of the flats which is resulting in distress sales. Flat owners lament their decision to buy the flats since most of them are paying hefty EMI to the banks.\"For me, it is difficult to manage since I am living on rent as well as paying EMI to the bank,\" said Kamboj. The Ardee City RWA is also supporting their agitation.\"The RWA is supporting the flat owners in every possible way,\" said T N Kaul, Ardee City, RWA president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13309126", "title": "Trip to 18th century Punjab in Punjab Agricultural University", "text": "LUDHIANA: Want to explore the rich cultural and traditional heritage of Punjab? All you need to do is visit Punjab Agricultural University's Museum of Rural Life of Punjab.As the world observed International Museum Day on Friday, TOI looked around the city's own museum to find a treasure trove that Ludhianvis can boast about.Inspired by an open air museum in Copenhagen , Denmark, which PAU's second VC M S Randhawa visited, the museum is a unique effort that transports the visitor down to 18th and 19th centuries.A well-carved wooden door opens up to the traditional 18th century Punjab with antiques from the period preserved till date in the two-storey building. The museum is a perfect setting for understanding the social, economic, cultural and religious life in Punjab during that period.The Phulkari section displays the vivid colours of Punjabi tradition, with the Phulkari head dress, stoles weaved with colourful silken threads, ornaments, old shoes and other traditional attire.The spinning and weaving custom depicted in the paintings of Kehar Singh and a beautiful mannequin girl working on a 'chakki' (manual grinder for grains) picture traditional household chores.A rare object in the museum is a huge pitcher like container with six layers of camel leather and a locking arrangement, which was used to store oil.A peek into historyMuseum of Rural Life of Punjab in Punjab Agricultural University offers a peek into 18th and 19th centuries. Various other uncommon devices used to lift water from wells placed near a dummy well attract attention. And when one talks of traditional Punjab, it wouldn't be possible to miss out the music and dance of this state. This love of the Punjabi folk comes alive at this museum in a collection of traditional instruments like tumba, sarangi, nagara and vanjhili.Amid all the rural heritage, a lady's bedroom stands out with a wooden cot, vanity boxes and beautiful lamps decorating it.Rishu Shergill, 25, a Sarabha Nagar resident, said, ''You wouldn't find a similar museum across the state. I bring all my visiting relatives and friends here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13309228", "title": "Most water treatment plants are defunct", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh municipal corporation does not have the precise record relating to the treated tertiary water released from sewerage treatment plant in Diggian village in Mohali. Also, around eight treatment plants which include the gas plant and water pumping plants have been out of function for many years.A surprise check found that a gas plant had been non-functional since 1998 and another had been defunct for the past more than a year due to outdated machinery. Several other plants made on 44 acres faced a similar situation. Also, no generator power backup was found, and surplus machinery had been wasted. Of the 16 water cleaning pumps, only four were functional but the contractor took money for all the pumps. The authorities never carried out auctioning of the unused material.Sources in the civic body, however, said the engineering wing had been planning to construct some more treatment plants for cleaning and supplying tertiary water.Chairman of MC water supply committee Mukesh Bassi said, \"So much money was spent on the construction of these treatment plants and it is shocking to find most of these out of operation. These could have been repaired, if not, the land could have been put to other use. There is no idea why the money was given to the contractor. We have sought an explanation from the engineering department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13309900", "title": "Godrej Agrovet to invest Rs 60 crore in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Eminent industrialist and Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) president, Adi B Godrej, on Saturday, said his firm, Godrej Agrovet, would invest Rs 60 crore in Bihar to set up an animal and poultry feed project at Hajipur with a capacity of 2.5 lakh tonnes.Godrej said Bihar was a priority state for the CII as it had achieved one of the fastest growth in gross state domestic product (GSDP) in the country. He said Bihar was enjoying a good reputation in terms of governance and progress.During his power point presentation here, Godrej said that economic reforms, early implementation of goods and services tax (GST) and good governance could accelerate the country's gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate by 2% to take it to over 9%, against the targeted 7.5%, in fiscal 2012-13. Indian economy would be buoyant thereafter, he said.Explaining the CII theme to 'Revive growth through reforms and governance', Godrej said his discussion with deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi regarding early introduction of the GST was positive. Modi heads the committee of states' finance ministers for implementation of GST. \"We need faster reforms combined with good governance, effective decision-making and quick clearance of projects,\" he said, adding that the CII would help push the growth rate by facilitating development process in the country. He favoured foreign direct investment (FDI) in different sectors, including retail.Godrej said CII would extend help to both central and state governments and interact with opposition parties to accelerate the reform process to galvanize the economy, which would reduce the effect of current global slowdown. The CII would try to persuade the opposition parties to support legislations in parliament for ushering in economic reforms, he said.The issue of Lokpal and Lokayuktas apart, governance was very important, Godrej said, adding that CII would work for development in power, mineral, infrastructure and other sectors. He said that 40-50 major infrastructure projects needed to be pushed through. CII's major role would be to work with states for development and Bihar was on its priority list, he said.CII, he said, would constitute a task force to work with Bihar government to help in catalysing growth of private industries in the state. Bihar needed skill development besides development of agriculture, food and power to surge ahead. He said the deputy chief minister was impressed with CII's work for facilitating development in the state.However, Godrej said big industrial investments would not come overnight to the state. CII would give exposure to its members about investment opportunities in Bihar, but they would have to take their own decision, he said.Godrej said he would facilitate meeting of senior leaders of the government with industrialists in Kolkata, Mumbai and other places, regarding investment in Bihar. He said Bihar has a large market being the third most populous state in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "13310526", "title": "National record for Belgaum farmer", "text": "BELGAUM: Purushottam Nadagouda, a farmer from Kundargi village of Gokak taluk, is now the center of attention at the national level for getting record production of oil palm fruits in the first harvesting year. Oil palm trees generally start bearing fruits from fourth year of its plantation and farmers receive around five to six tonne of fruits per hectare in the first year. But, Purushottam received 12 tonne of fruits within an acre land which has raised eyebrows among agriculture scientists.Purushottam, a B. Com graduate, had planted 63 plants of oil palm in 2007-08 in an acre of land spending Rs 11,000. After the first harvest, he reaped 12 tonne of fruits and is now expecting 18 tonnne during the second harvesting year. He achieved this feat through organic farming.Recently, scientists from National Research Centre for Oil Palm (NRCOP) of Andhra Pradesh visited the farm and evinced interest in his techniques. Now, he and his brothers have planted oil palm in around 30 acres of land. Besides, taking him as an inspiration, thousands of farmers in the village and surrounding areas have come forward for oil palm cultivation. The state government awarded Purushottam as the 'Best Farmer' last year respecting his achievement.\"It's a profitable commercial crop and required less labour. After plantation, it produces fruits for the next 40-50 years. Production of fruit bunches will increase in the first 10-12 year period and later stay stagnant. The basic requirement for this crop is plenty of water. Farmers can also get side crops like soybean, groundnut, maize and others in the same land in the first three years,\" Purushottam said speaking to STOI. However, the move was not possible without the encouragement of government and Godrej Agrovet Limited, a government approved company which purchases oil palm fruits from farmers, he added. Earlier, Purushottam was growing sugarcane in his land.Government has encouraging farmers to grow oil palm to become self-reliant in edible oil production. Presently, the country imports around 70 lakh tonne of edible oil from other countries by spending Rs 30,000 crore per annum. The cultivation area of oil palm has been increasing every year and in Karnataka it is being cultivated in 19 districts. Farmers are now getting attracted towards this crop as it requires less labour, monthly income, spot purchase of fruits with international market rates and government subsidy along with free technical guidance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13309791", "title": "Dr Ruando de Sa seeks stay on Dr Sanjay Dalvi's appointment", "text": "MARGAO: In the wake of controversy over the appointment of new director of health services, Dr Ruando de Sa has filed a writ petition in the high court demanding a stay on the order appointing Dr Sanjay Dalvi as head of the department.Curtorim MLA Reginaldo Lourenco has already demanded that the chief minister Manohar Parrikar should hand over the case of appointment of Dalvi as director of health services to the Lokayukta alleging that it would bring out how de Sa was sidelined.He also said that the seniority list was prepared by the BJP government around 10 years ago. Lourenco has also alleged that, when Dalvi was appointed as medical superintendent-cum-deputy director of Hospicio hospital, some consultants had been superseded. Some doctors, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that grave injustice has been meted out to de Sa by the government.On September 4, 2007, the then health minister Vishwajit Rane dispatched a note to constitute the DPC and give justice to de Sa. 'The secretary (health) may therefore examine this issue and give me his opinion in this regard. According to me, the final seniority list of all senior consultants issued only on 5/3/2003 which shows the correct seniority of all the concerned consultants. Since the DPC of the GPSC did not consider this final seniority list while considering candidates for promotion to the post of medical superintendent of Hospicio and Asilo Hospitals, it would be in fitness of things if a review DPC is constituted and the anomaly, if any, is done way with', the note stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13312759", "title": "Bard brings recognition", "text": "Between Gabu and Ashis Sarkar, it's a mutual admiration club. The composer and singer are the current flavour of the seasonGaurab Chattopadhyay aka Gabu's phone just doesn't stop ringing these days. His social networking accounts are also filled with messages.Reason? His reinterpretation of Rabindrasangeet in the recently released, Elar Char Adhyay - a Dreams Movies and Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. venture starring Paoli Dam , Indraneil Sengupta and Vikram Chatterjee - has fetched him appreciation from purists and fans alike. Says the composer, \"The response to the film's music has been overwhelming. I've got really positive feedback on Facebook too and people are still coming up to tell me they've loved the soundtrack.\"He adds, \"I'd never worked with Rabindrasangeet before. So I was just concentrating on remaining true to the film's context. While I ensured that I opted for the right kind of instruments which would seem convincing in a film that's set in 1930s, I also chose my vocals carefully. About Ashisda (Sarkar), I was told that somebody from the film's unit will sing for the album. So, I didn't know what to expect. And \"Shokatore oe kadichhe shokole\" is a song that's very close to my heart. But then I heard him sing and I was bowled over. The texture of his voice adds a unique variety to the album.\"Ashis Sarkar, on his part, says, \"It was a pleasure working with Bappada (director Bappaditya Bandopadhyay) and Gabu. They gave me the liberty to sing that beautiful Tagore song the way I wanted to. And now when I see the song playing on TV, it feels so great!\" Sarkar, however, humbly admits, \"The credit for my song's success also goes to the brilliant way in which it has been arranged with very less instruments and Sayak harmonizing. Also, it has been picturized really beautifully in the film for which I'm thankful to Bappada.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13308522", "title": "India-Italy ties turn sour over naval guards case", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Italy seemed headed for a diplomatic showdown on Saturday with Rome stepping up the pressure to secure the release of two of its naval guards, who were arrested for the killing of two Indian fishermen, while expressing strong \"displeasure\" over how the Indian government handled the situation.The Italian foreign ministry summoned Indian ambassador in Rome, Debabrata Saha, to convey their ``concern'' over the trial of the naval guards. With the visiting deputy foreign minister Steffan de Mistura saying the \"absurd accusation of premeditated murder'' against the duo was unacceptable, and India sticking to its stand that it would not interfere with their trial, the ties appeared strained.In fact, De Mistura told a foreign agency that Italy summoned its envoy, Giacomo Sanfelice, back to signal its \"profound displeasure\" with the way India has handled the arrests of the two naval guards, Massimiliano Latorre and Salvatore Girone, who were denied bail by a Kerala court on Saturday.MEA sources reacted cautiously to these developments, but made it clear that Italy's aggressive posturing was not going to make them change their stand that law be allowed to take its course. They confirmed that Saha was ``called'' to the Italian foreign ministry on Saturday and that he met the director general there. ``The concern of the Italian government at the charges filed against the naval guards in custody in Kerala was conveyed to him. He assured that he would communicate these concerns to the appropriate authorities in India,'' said a source.De Mistura, who is on his third mission to India to secure the release of the two Italians, also said that \"Italy was sending a strong signal to avoid damaging our relationship\". He also said the decision to recall envoy followed hectic diplomatic activity by Italy, including calls by its PM Maria Monti to his counterpart Manmohan Singh .Indian officials, however, maintained that Rome has to understand that Indian judicial system cannot be influenced politically or through diplomatic pressure. ``We have said this time and again in the past and this is why the Indian government has never given even a thought to out-of-court settlement,'' said an official.Indian government was not a party to Italy's decision to pay Rs 1 crore each to victims' families after which the family members decided to withdraw charges. While describing this compromise as ``illegal'' and ``astonishing'', the Supreme Court had said in an observation that Italy was playing with Indian laws.De Mistura said in a TV interview on Friday that Rome wants the trial to take place under international laws in Italy because the accused were military personnel. He said Italy could accept charges of accidental killing but not murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13309787", "title": "Veer Narmad South Gujarat University admission goes high-tech", "text": "SURAT: Fresh from its success in providing online admissions to BEd course, the Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) is now preparing to introduce online admission system for other major courses. The manual admission process would be converted into an online one from the coming academic year. Online admissions would also be done for BCom, BA and BSc courses that account for maximum number of students at VNSGU. So far, the university was following a centralized admission procedure for which the students had to go to its admission centre.In south Gujarat, a large number of students are from remote, tribal areas. They were forced to come to Surat with their parents. However, the online admission system would make things easier for students living in far-flung areas.\"The centralized admission process was very troublesome for families of the students from remote areas as they had to travel long distance. They had to visit the university campus again and again till the admissions were finalized,\" said VNSGU vice-chancellor Dakshesh Thakar.The admission process was a costly affair for the university too. \"Centralized admissions meant involvement of a large number of university staff. The university had to spend a huge amount of money on the entire process. We will be saving money by introducing the online admission system,\" Thakar added.The students will just need to log on to the university's website and apply for admission and also for reshuffling.\"Online admission system will help students to reshuffle their courses sitting at home. They would not have to visit the university even for paying fees. They can submit the fees in banks authorized near their houses in different villages and towns of south Gujarat,\" Thakar added.Apart from major courses, online admission system would also cover courses like BCA, MCA, MSc, MCom courses too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13320212", "title": "This unique ghat is now poor imitation of its past", "text": "VARANASI: Against the backdrop of magnificent building with exquisite, ornately carved window carvings giving Rajasthani touch and the unique observatory giving reflections of the Sun on the banks of the Ganga, one may be disappointed to see the present condition of Man Mandir Ghat, one of the prominent ghats of the city which lies close to the Dasaswamedh Ghat.When TOI visited the ghat, the condition of stepped embankments along with stairs and stone platforms was pathetic, showing signs of wear and tear at many places. A number of devotees were found taking a dip in the Ganga along the stepped embankments, where craters and crevices had appeared. The filthy conditions of the area could be also gauged from the fact that the bathing place had turned into a dumping site of garbage, including plastic bags and leftovers.\"It is the devotion and faith in the spirituality and holiness of the Ganga that pulls people to this place. We know that unhygienic conditions prevail here, but most of us take a dip in sacrosanct faith. Sometimes, we also try to clean the litter scattered along the bathing space on the embankments,\" said Vijay Tiwari, one of the locals who visited the ghat everyday.While a series of rotten flowers, garlands, plastic bags, broken clay cups and bowls were found to be thrown at the place, the broken stairs with uprooted stone slabs on the platforms presented a pathetic look to the ghat. Besides, a series of ruptured steps and craters appearing along the corner of stairs and some parts of the cemented stairs were found to be uprooted from their place. The debris of old structures was also found to be accumulated there along with broken pieces of old wooden boats scattered along the platforms.\"This ghat only looks beautiful from the top with magnificent buildings and observatory providing a pleasant sight. But, when one comes down the stairs, the ghat becomes a pale shadow of its past. The cemented structures, including stairs and platforms, have started to crumble and due to lack of maintenance and care, the beautiful ghat is gradually losing its sheen and beauty,\" added Ramjivan Sahni, one of the boatmen of the area, who preferred collecting passengers from neighbouring Dasaswamedh Ghat.It may be mentioned here that the ghat sports the only observatory built by Savi Jai Singh-II of Rajasthan. There are four main astronomical instruments and renovation was done in 1850s and again in 1912 under the patronage of the King of Jaipur. The observatory is one of the protected sites under the Archaeological Society of India (ASI).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13310369", "title": "City police to streamline auto parking in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: The traffic unit of the city police is charting a proposal to regularise auto rickshaws plying in the city and also ensure these drivers abide by traffic rules. The proposal is expected to be implemented in the coming days and the police will also maintain a database of the number of auto rickshaws operating in the city. Separate sessions on importance of traffic rules and basic first aid techniques will also be imparted to the auto rickshaw drivers. The traffic wing will first convene a meeting with city auto rickshaw drivers and sensitise them on the importance of the project at the earliest.\"The traffic unit of the city force has decided to implement the project in the coming days. We will conduct first aid and traffic awareness sessions for them. We will also collect details of the auto rickshaws running in the city,\" said AK Viswanathan, commissioner, Coimbatore city police.According to senior police officials, the project is being mooted to minimise the traffic mishaps involving auto rickshaws on the city roads. Presently, the police do not have an accurate number of auto rickshaws in the city. There are more than 10,000 auto rickshaws in Coimbatore city but there are only about 300 parking spots in the city. But there is no official mechanism to identify ideal locations for these spots. No rule also been followed on parking capacity on these spots making it difficult to regulate them.\"We will collect information about the auto rickshaw stands and also the number of vehicles to be parked at these stands. So that movement of other vehicles and pedestrians are not obstructed,\" said T Senthilkumar, deputy commissioner (traffic and crime), Coimbatore city police.Police officers will be sent to each of the approved auto rickshaw stands in the city and collect details about vehicles that are permitted to park at these places. These auto rickshaw stands will be regularised. as at the moment some of the three wheeler vehicles are parked in a manner creating hindrance to the movement of both pedestrians and other vehicles.The auto rickshaw stand outside the Coimbatore Railway Station is one of the first three-wheeler parking areas that will be regularised as per the programme. A meeting with the traffic unit of city police and the auto drivers will be held soon to sensitise them on the issue. A first aid training programme exclusively for them is also being planned to help the victims of road accidents. and also indirectly ensure that they themselves abide by the traffic rules and drive safely in the city. The importance of giving first aid to the victims within an hour ( golden hour) of a road mishap will also be imparted to the participants at these sessions.\"There is no fixed parking place for any of the autorickshaw stands in the city. Some stands have 10 vehicles while others such as outside bus terminals and busy streets have more than 10 autorickshaws. It is a welcome move that the traffic wing is planning to conduct first aid and traffic awareness training sessions for us,\" said PK Sukumaran, general secretary, District Auto Rickshaw Employees Union (CITU).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13310336", "title": "Sushma Swaraj turns teacher, takes male MLAs to task", "text": "LUCKNOW: Women make better parents and equally good politicians, feels BJP veteran Sushma Swaraj . Mocking their ignorance about what was happening in their own backyard, Sushma gave a big thumbs down to her male colleagues. However, none in the audience - 160-odd MLAs and other glitterati on the dais, minded this open display of gender bias.Addressing the orientation course for the first-time MLAs in UP assembly on Saturday, Sushma lauded her multi-tasking female legislators \"who can juggle both worlds -- home and outside -- as against a male counterpart who would be clueless about which class his son studied in\". How can you expect to run the country If you are ignorant about your family affairs, she asked like a school teacher. The reaction drew sheepish smiles and vigorous nods from the target group.The first day of the two-day session recorded a heavy attendance even though seniors, including UPCC chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi, BJP's Kalraj Mishra and Uma Bharati, were noticed by their absence. Away on official trip to Mathura, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav could not make it too. But, the packed Tilak Hall of UP assembly bore witness to the enthusiasm and eagerness of the freshers aged between 28 and 68 years.The first-time MLAs were all ears as tutors -- Bihar Speaker Udai Narain Chaudhary, CLP leader Pramod Tiwari, Rajya Sabha MP Ramgopal Yadav, leader of the opposition in UP assembly Hukum Singh -- shared with them the tricks of the trade. Some, like Abhishek Mishra, were seen to be furiously scribbling away in a notepad. The minister actually managed to fill in 12 pages, he later told mediapersons, and \"could even expand the ideas into a book\".While others quoted case laws and procedures, Sushma proved to be an instant hit with her straight from the heart approach. Amid much thumping, she recounted how she would lock herself with her daughter during the exam time to give her undivided attention. An hour in the morning and another one at the bedtime ensured that the bond remained intact and the child could share her problems with her.In fact, she handled eight portfolios as a first-time minister and MLA in Haryana when she was barely 25, the firebrand MP recalled. And despite demanding familial responsibilities, she managed to sail along without hitch, the BJP leader claimed as she happily busted the male myth that career and home don't go hand in hand.Her time tested guru mantra of how to be a super successful MLA had four thumb rules, she explained: perfect time management, relentless pursuit of development agenda, participation in the house and proceedings, and a blemishless personal life. Urging freshers to set aside a regular hour everyday for public interaction, she highlighted the need for zeroing in on at least one project which a voter would remember them by. She could successfully execute the \"project of construction a housing board colony in Ambala Cantt and no one calls it housing board colony now, everyone refers to it as Sushma colony,\" she narrated.Then making the presence felt in the house was also requirement of the time where politicians live under the glare of relentless media attention. However, the biggest challenge was not to let power go into the head, she said. Public notices and never condones arrogance .... do remember you have to face them after five years once again, she warned.UP Speaker Mata Prasad Pandey played the gracious host to the array of speakers. Bihar Speaker sounded a word of caution against the growing tendency to undermine and devalue the institution of parliamentary democracy. Pramod Tiwari introduced the new comers to the power of Zero Hour. Hukum Singh explained the concept of parliamentary privilege, while expressing concern at the diminishing number of sessions, Prof Verma championed the cause of proper debate and discussion preceding passage of a bill and also that the ministers furnish replies to all questions, even the tricky ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "13309749", "title": "Private hospital violates Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act, loses licence", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: The district health authorities on Saturday cancelled the licence of a private hospital for allegedly violating the guidelines of Medical Termination of Pregnancy (MTP) Act.\"JP Hospital of the city had been found guilty of poor upkeep of records of MTPs done in its premises. This was in addition to the alleged serious irregularities like ignoring the procedure of seeking opinion of two medical practioners before conducting MTP on expectant women,\" said Dr Neeraj Bassi, Deputy Civil Surgeon, Yamunanagar.Notably, the hospital came under the health department's scanner following the unearthing of racket of illegal MTPs by a BAMS practitioner from Saharanpur, from a residential area of the Jagadhari city on May 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kendrapada/bhubaneswar", "code": "13310330", "title": "Government officials visit Posco sites", "text": "KENDRAPADA/BHUBANESWAR: Three days after Posco-India chief Y W Yoon met chief minister Naveen Patnaik , nodal officer of the proposed mega steel plant P K Jena and other senior government officers visited Noliasahi, Polanga, Nuagaon and other villages in the proposed project site on Saturday.Jena, who is also chairman-cum-managing director of Odisha Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation (Idco), also visited the transit camp of Posco in Badagabapur village where 52 displaced families have been staying since the last five years. He reviewed the project's status at Paradip as well. Security was tightened at the proposed sites during the officers' visit.\"The government is planning to acquire 700 acre more land for Posco's proposed plant. We have already acquired 2,000 acre in Nuagaon and Gadakujang gram panchayats. We are planning to build a road from Balimara to Earsama for the proposed steel plant,\" said Jagatsinghpur collector N C Jena.Land acquisition and other infrastructure development work for Posco has been halted following violence that left one dead in the project area in December. However, with the steel behemoth willing to begin construction work for an eight million tonne per annum plant over 2,700 acre, instead of the originally planned 12 MTPA over 4,004 acre, the government has started making efforts to hand over the required land within the next few months, official sources said. The company has said it would build eight MPTA plant in the initial two phases and expand it to 12 MPTA when additional land is made available.Anti-land acquisition villagers at Dhinkia, Nuagaon and Gadakujang, meanwhile, sealed all entry points and guarded the wooden barriers. \"The residents of Dhinkia, Gadakujang and Nuagaon gram panchayats have built a strong economy in this area. They have been cultivating the land earmarked for the proposed steel plant for over a century,\" general secretary of Posco Pratirodh Sangram Samiti (PPSS) Sisir Mohapatra said, adding, \"The government cannot start work for Posco without complying with forest laws. As such, the National Green Tribunal on March 30 suspended forest clearance to the project. Ergo, the administration has no right to do anything for Posco without getting statutory clearances and abiding by the law.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13309876", "title": "Forestry scam: PMO asks MoEF for plan of action", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Prime Minister's Office has asked the MoEF about its next course of action in the Haryana forestry scam after the state refused to initiate a CBI inquiry into it. Based on pleadings made by the Indian Forest Service (IFS) official of Haryana cadre Sanjiv Chaturvedi, who exposed several scams in the state forestry sector, the MoEF had constituted a panel.It had indicted the state government and several officials and politicians for violating laws. The report was then referred to Central Vigilance Committee and CBI, both of which recommended a CBI inquiry.As a result, the Centre asked Haryana government to file FIRs in the cases, and transfer them to the CBI. Around the same time, the Haryana government made public a confidential note written by department of personnel and training (DoPT) on PMO's request, saying the original committee of the MoEF had been ultra vires.The DoPT did not recommend any further action to nullify the MoEF's actions, but the state used the letter to counter the need for a probe. Ironically, the PMO has written to the MoEF when Haryana has refused to adhere to the recommendations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13310497", "title": "1.23 lakh candidates to appear for pre-engineering and pre-pharmacy test today", "text": "BHOPAL: About 1.23 lakh candidates will appear for the pre-engineering and pre-pharmacy test (PEPT) on Sunday. This is going to be the highest ever participation of students in the history of state engineering and pharmacy test this year.There are around 92,000 seats this year in private and government engineering colleges across the state. The exam is to be conducted by the Madhya Pradesh Professional Education Board (MPPEB). When contacted, MPPEB exam controller Pankaj Trivedi said Indore would the biggest centre in the state followed by Bhopal. \"Around 18,000 students will appear for 2012 PEPT test from 38 centres in Indore making it the biggest centre in the state,\" Trivedi told TOI.In Bhopal , the board has set up 28 centres where 12,577 students will appear for the exam. \"We have made all necessary arrangements at all centres across the state,\" Trivedi said. Besides, the board will conduct exam in other states, including Patna, Bihar which is the biggest centre outside state where around 16,000 students will appear, Trivedi added.When asked the reason of such high number of students in Patna centre, Trivedi said the absence of good engineering colleges in the state forced students to take admissions in engineering entrance exams of neighbouring states. \"Patna has been one of the important centres for engineering exam. It caters to the need of students living in Bihar and Chhattisgarh , \"Trivedi said.The board has decided to make changes in the PEPT this year. There will be only one paper in place of two papers.\"The test paper will carry 200 questions and students will have three hours to solve them. They will also have the option to select from the five subject-groups available. This has been a long-pending demand of the students which will be implemented from this year,\" Trivedi added.The question paper will be divided into two parts. In the first part, students from different subject streams will get questions from their selected subject which carries 100 questions.In the second part, students will have to answer 50 questions from physics and rest 50 questions will be from their choice between chemistry, biology and biotechnology subjects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13309953", "title": "Ajit Singh promises to solve Air India woes within 3 months", "text": "LUCKNOW: Terming the strike of Air India pilots as \"illegal\", Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh on Saturday asked the pilots to resume work. Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the inauguration of new terminal at Amausi airport, Ajit Singh said that the ministry will solve the problems within a period of three months.\"The government has already given a package of Rs 30,000 crore for the revival of AI. But, money alone cannot solve the problem. The airline has to be competitive and pay attention to the cost,\" he said, and added that no solution is possible by creating loss or causing inconvenience to the passengers. \"The government will not adopt a victimisation policy, and whatever problems they have will be sorted out in three months,\" he said.\"Efforts are being made to resolve the situation. It is my appeal to the pilots that they should think about the passengers,\" the civil aviation minister said, and added, \"If passengers are unhappy, it would create more problems in days to come. If the airline does not survive, then there is no meaning of other things like salary, promotion or increment.\"He claimed that Justice Dharmadhikari Committee report is expected soon. \"So, there is no reason to continue the strike and the pilots should come back to work,\" he said. Justice Dharmadhikari Committee was constituted to look into the problems faced by the pilots of the AI. Singh said that even the Delhi High Court had declared the ongoing strike by the pilots as illegal. \"Even the court had said the strike is illegal and they (pilots) must abide by the law,\" he said. The ongoing protest by the Air India pilots had forced the carrier to curtail its international flight operations, particularly those to North America and Europe. It was following the protest that the ailing national airline lost around Rs 200 crore. Saturday was the 12th day of strike called by pilots.Ajit Singh also expressed his concern over the high taxes on aviation turbine fuel. \"The fuel invites a tax of 40% to 50% in India, whereas in foreign countries it is around 35%. It is the cost of fuel that needs to be looked into considering the passenger traffic and rising trade,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "13320489", "title": "Bengal crash out of Santosh Trophy", "text": "CUTTACK: Defending champions Bengal today made a shock exit from the Santosh Trophy National Football Championships after they played out a goal-less draw against Kerala in their second Group A quarterfinal match at the Barabati Stadium.The 31-time champions, who had earlier lost to Maharashtra, desperately needed a win but failed to achieved the desired result.Kerala now have four points from two matches while Bengal collected one point from two matches.In another Group A match, Maharashtra rode on Kailash Patil's hat-trick to rout Punjab 5-0.Patil scored in the 29th, 71st and the 83rd minutes after Vijit Shetty had put Maharashtra in the lead as early as the seventh minute. R D'souza completed the rout in the 88th minute.Maharashtra now have six points from two matches while Punjab are yet to open their account.In Group B quarterfinal League match at Kalinga Stadium in Bhubaneswar, strong contenders Goa scraped past Meghalaya 2-1.Sachin Gawas put Goa in the lead in the 57th minute only for Banshrai Sun to restore parity in the 70th minute. Gabriel Fernandes sealed the fate of the match in the 87th minute.Goa now have six points from two matches while Meghalaya are on one point from the two matches so far.In another Group B match, Manipur pumped in half-a-dozen goals without reply against a hapless Uttar Pradesh. Thoiba Singh scored four goals (32nd, 53rd, 65th and 68th) while Thoi Singh and Naoton Singh scored one apiece in the 78th and 92nd minute respectively.Manipur stay at the top of Group B with six points from two matches while Uttar Pradesh stay at the bottom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13312634", "title": "Musical night at Kolkata", "text": "Not every day does one get to hear a medley of RD Burman and salsa numbers!So, when Nukkad Salsa Project presented a rare combo before the audience, it elicited a euphoric response. The listeners at The Basement, Hotel Samilton, also included many from the music frat. \"Our Santana covers were hugely appreciated,\" said Rajkumar from the band.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13309790", "title": "Swearing-in cost state Rs 10.9 lakh", "text": "PANAJI: The Manohar Parrikar-headed BJP government's swearing-in cost the state 10.91 lakh. It was held at SAG grounds at Campal on March 9.A response filed to an RTI query said that 2.5 lakh was spent on snacks and 7.8 lakh on erecting a shamiana and other expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13309112", "title": "Calling 100? Get faster and better response now", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai control room was upgraded from an analog to a digital exchange on Friday, making its operation faster with a reduced call drop rate.The Mumbai police, which has set up its own internet protocol (IP), will be able to take more than 30 emergency calls per line. Police commissioner Arup Patnaik, who inaugurated the system, said the police will now be able to take five times the number of calls on the 100 number at any given time.The change to digital will also improve the voice quality of calls. Now, there are two prime rate interface (PRI) lines, which enable traditional phone lines to carry voice data and video traffic, and each and every call incoming to the control room is recorded, so there are fewer chances of hoax calls.Service providers have been directed to divert all calls from the 100 number to any of the dedicated PRI lines. Every line has the capacity to take 30 calls simultaneously.Sources said the plan to upgrade the exchange has been in the pipeline since the 26/11 terror attacks. However, the conversion took place only after 13/7 blasts last year when, in the aftermath of the blasts, senior police officials were unavailable to the CM and his deputy as well.It was only after chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and home minister RR Patil visited the old control room and gave their go-ahead for the overhaul that the upgradation took place. Chavan had expressed concern regarding the increase in number of calls drops due to the outdated system at the exchange.Deputy commissioner of police (spokesperson) Nisar Tamboli said, \"There were a lot of call drops with the old analog system, but with the upgrad to a digital system the call drop rate will fall significantly. Secondly, waiting times will also reduce substantially.'' The upgrade was carried out under the supervision of additional commissioner of police Vineet Agarwal and deputy commissioner of police BM Yadav who are part of the Mumbai police modernization panel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13309930", "title": "Christians, RSS converting Muslims\u2019 Boycott Ahmadiyas for conversions: Jamiat Ulama-i-Hind", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jamiat Ulama-i-Hind (JuH), the largest body of imams, on Saturday sought social boycott of Qadyani, also known as Ahmadiyas, a sect who call themselves Muslims but are not accepted as such by the community.In a resolution adopted at the end of its two-day conference here, JuH accused Ahmadiyas along with Christians and RSS of trying to convert Muslims.\"Preachers of Qadyani and Christian missionaries are trying to convert poor Muslims by offering them a better life. They mostly lure them in the net woven of the dreams of better job opportunities, health facility, cash and easy loan,\" the resolution said.Ahmadiyas or Qadyanis have been declared apostates in Pakistan, and face persecution and violence, with Sunni hardliners targeting them. Many of them have been killed in a wave of targeted killings. Ahmadiyas or Qadyanis, who face persecution also in Indonesia, are called so after the founder of their sect Mirza Ghulam Ahmed who was born in Qadian in undivided Punjab. They see the founder as a mujaddid. Although they claim that they don't dispute the Islamic view about Mohammad being the last Prophet, the Sunnis have argued that their belief in Ahmed being the reformer disputes that Mohammad was the last Prophet.JuH also sought steps to expel Qadyani from state waqf boards. Citing RSS attempts to convert Muslims, JuH said, \"Few days ago, it was learnt that some Muslim youths joined it for spiritual peace.\"\"Christian missionaries are organizing programmes to defame the Prophet of Islam. Some channels are teaching Bible in the name of Holy Quraan. They are spreading hatred and misconceptions about the Islamic Shariyah,\" the resolution said.\"So-called spiritual movements with deceiving tactics, employing Islamic and Sufi terms are attracting people in the name of teaching art of life... due to lack of knowledge some people get deceived,\" it added.The imams stressed on the need to confront such movements \"with full preparation\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13308994", "title": "Molestation case: Cops look into complaint of \u2018intimidation\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: While Delhi Police is focusing its investigations towards collecting evidence against RCB's Luke Pomersbach and proving molestation charges against him, the cops have quietly started investigations into the second complaint of the victim, Zohal Hamid. US national Zohal had alleged that around five men had \"threatened'' her with dire consequences if she did not withdraw her charges against Pomersbach.At least \"three IPL players'' constituted the group that was waiting outside her hotel room and threatened her with dire consequences, Zohal alleged.\"We have received the complaint, but we have no clear information about any of the accused. We will be depending on the statements of security staff, the lobby managers and the bellboys for investigations. We are also collecting the CCTV footage of the other floors where officials, involved with IPL, were staying. A case will be registered only after we are convinced about the complaint,'' said a senior officer.Zohal had alleged that the incident took place when she returned from Chanakyapuri police station to her hotel, said police. \"The security guard of the floor, Vikas Yadav, has been questioned about the second incident. However, he could not confirm whether such an exchange had taken place between the two,'' said the officer.\"The whole IPL team has been telling me to drop the case since Friday morning. I want Indian government to help me,\" Zohal told cops. \"I was under pressure and threatened by 5-6 men to backtrack from the case,\" she added.The IPL management, which just a day earlier was fielding questions on the fracas between Shah Rukh Khan and officials at Wankhede Stadium, Mumbai, has stated that it is not responsible for the behaviour of individual players.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13308901", "title": "Maharashtra plans for swift graft probe", "text": "MUMBAI: The home department, led by senior NCP leader R R Patil, has drafted a multi-pronged strategy to swiftly dispose of cases filed under the Prevention of Corruption Act.As part of an ambitious plan, it has been proposed to set up fast-track courts to dispose of pending cases in a time-bound period, grant permission for open probe against errant bureaucrats and permission to initiate criminal proceedings against officials within three months.Significantly, several initiatives are on the cards following a lead taken by additional chief secretary (home) Amitabh Rajan, who had a prolonged stint with the department of personnel and training (DoPT).\"The DoPT has drafted a special action to plan for speedy disposal of cases registered under the Prevention of Corruption Act. We propose to follow the same pattern in Maharashtra,\" a senior home department official told TOI on Saturday.On the pending cases before the courts, the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) has submitted a comprehensive list of such cases to the home department. From ACB reports, it was observed that between 1986 and 2012, 2,148 cases were pending before the courts across the state. \"We will take up the issue of pending cases and fast-track courts with the high court,\" he said.On the proposal for open probe, the official said after a preliminary inquiry, when it was felt that there should be an open inquiry, the proposal was submitted to the home department. \"Till now 42 proposals have been submitted to the home department for an open probe. Some of them were submitted in 2002, but no decision was taken. However, now barring a few cases, where further investigation is required, in all the remaining cases, steps have been initiated to grant permission for conducting an open inquiry,\" he said.On permission for initiating criminal proceedings against errant officials, the bureaucrat said under existing rules, if proceedings are to be set off against an official for his alleged involvement in a corruption case, then without the permission of the concerned department, it is beyond the ACB's power to initiate proceedings against him.Now, the home department has taken the view that if no permission is granted within three months, it will be assumed that permission has been granted by deeming provision. \"The apex court has made it clear that ACB should not wait for a prolonged period. If authorization is not granted within three months, it should be assumed that permission has been granted,\" he said. In Maharashtra, it was found that out of the 141 cases awaiting permission from the concerned departments, in 50 cases, no steps were taken by the department to give a go-ahead for a period ranging between three to five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13310176", "title": "Tiger carcass had gunshot-like wound", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Was the tiger, whose carcass was recovered in 10 pieces in Borda jungle, was shot by a gun? That is the big question before investigators probing the tiger poaching case. While investigators are much inclined on electrocution angle in poaching, mention of a hole on tiger carcass akin to a gunshot injury in autopsy report has raised new questions in the case.Veterinary doctors who performed post mortem on the tiger carcass found burn injury marks which could have been caused due to electrocution, but they also discovered a lone hole on the stomach just below the hip which could be a shot injury of manually loading gun. \"Vets have recovered some blackish metal like balls from the injury. Such injury could be caused due to gun shot,\" said sources.DCF, Chandrapur forest division, P Kalyankumar confirmed the hole in the tiger carcass. \"The entire injured portion having hole on it has been removed from the carcass and forwarded to the forensic department for confirmation. Possibility of tiger being shot by gun cannot be ruled out. In that case, burn injury marks suggesting electrocution could have been put deliberately to confuse investigators,\" he said.Forest officers are also probing the case from the angle of electrocution. They have obtained trip record of electric supply lines from MSEDCL. The tiger is assumed to have been killed Thursday night, but it has turned out that there was no tripping of power supply that night. \"Records suggest that electric supply was not snapped on Thursday night. But there were incidents of tripping in the afternoon and evening on Thursday. However, poachers do not lay electrified wire for poaching during the day as there are high chances of grazing cattle coming in its contact,\" Kalyankumar said. He, however, maintained that this is an unusual case and hence chances of day time electrocution too is not being ruled out.Investigators have summed up that more than one poacher are involved in poaching. Whoever had poached the tiger had access to four-wheeler and a butcher. Foresters are more focused on summer farming area, which have to irrigation facility with 11 KV connections. \"Local poachers are clear suspects in the case. Poachers could have been after some herbivores, but a tiger died in their trap. They were clever enough to remove the carcass to a distant location. There is definitely no Baheliya gang connection into this poaching as such destruction of tiger skin is not their modus operandi,\" DCF said. Forest department is seeking all the help from police and MSEDCL for investigations into the case, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13310239", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation seizes plastic bags", "text": "NAGPUR: The health department of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) conducted raids on several shops on Saturday to find that several shopkeepers using polythene bags lesser than 50 micron in thickness, which is against the norms.While proprietors of Purushottam Super Bazar had to shell out Rs 5,000, two shopkeepers had to pay a fine of Rs 1,000. The department collected a total of seven kilos and 200 grams of plastic bags during the raid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhangor", "code": "13309456", "title": "Arabul Islam in new controversy", "text": "BHANGOR: Former Trinamool Congress MLA Arabul Islam got himself involved in yet another fracas on Saturday when two Trinamool factions clashed inside the party's office at Bhangor in South 24-Parganas. The incident comes less than a month after Arabul was hauled up for allegedly hurling a water jar at a college professor.Trouble broke out on Saturday when a group of Trinamool men led by Arabul reached the party office on hearing that some Trinamool men were allegedly trying to extort money from some persons after having issued Trinamool writing pads to them.Arabul said that some traders had complained to him about this. The former MLA went to the spot with his men and reportedly asked the Trinamool men to stop the alleged extortion. This triggered a clash between the two groups. The party office was ransacked and its furniture damaged. Police later reached the spot and brought the situation under control.The other faction of the Trinamool alleged that one of their leaders Raju Podder was severely beaten up and had to be taken to a local nursing home. Trinamool Zilla Parisad member Mir Taher alleged that he along with Raju and other Trinamool leaders and members was holding a meeting at the place when Arabul and his men suddenly arrived and attacked them. The party office was also allegedly ransacked by Arabul's men.Arabul, however, maintained that he and his men did nothing as such and only went to the spot after getting information that some Trinamool men were trying to extort money. A probe has been started to get to further details on the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13308210", "title": "South corporation to build headquarter in Vasant Kunj", "text": "NEW DELHI: South Delhi Municipal Corporation may get its exclusive headquarters in Vasant Kunj by next year. At present, it works out of rented space in the Civic Centre on Minto Road - the city's tallest building that also has offices of the North corporation. Sources said the corporation had initially considered shifting base to Dwarka, but decided on Vasant Kunj on the advice of residents' welfare associations.\"We did plan to shift our base to Dwarka, but the whole point was to be located centrally. Dwarka would be too far for people, as it is at one end of the city. The south Delhi RWAs sent suggestions to us about more easily approachable places. Since we have land in Vasant Kunj, we finalized it as the location,\" said Manish Gupta, commissioner, south corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13309585", "title": "Chennai lawyer arrested in Bangalore in burglary case", "text": "CHENNAI: The Karnataka police have arrested a 30-year-old woman lawyer from Chennai on charges of masterminding a break-in at her relative's house. A three-member gang she had allegedly hired for the purpose too was apprehended by police on Saturday.According to East division police, who announced the arrest of P Varunashri of Arumbakkam in Chennai, the lawyer had engaged history-sheeter Manjunatha Ramakrishna alias Duck Manja, who is facing at least 37 cases which include burglaries and robberies. Two others, Ravi George alias Sebastian Doyas of Basaveshwaranagar and S Krishnamachari alias Ramachari of Kamalanagar, are the associates of Manjunatha, police said.Police said they recovered booty worth 57 lakh from the possession of the suspects, including 1.5kg of gold, 20kg of silver ornaments and household materials.The three men had burgled the house of Tejaswi, a close relative of Varunashri, in Hanumanthanagar sometime ago. \"Tejaswi and his family had gone abroad on a personal visit. Varunashri contacted Manjunatha, who was serving a seven-year imprisonment in the Parappana Agrahara central jail,\" police said. Varunashri briefed Manjunatha on his task and brought him out on bail. Then she took him to Chennai and gave a new SIM card and mobile, exclusively for this purpose, police said.\"As planned, Manja and his two associates burgled the house and travelled to Chennai with the booty. Varunashri gave them money and kept a part of the booty with her,\" police said.Manjunatha was first picked up several years ago in connection with a burglary. He was sent to a remand home at that time because he was a juvenile in conflict with law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13310479", "title": "Two men lose life in rail-related accidents", "text": "MADURAI: A 33-year-old man travelling on the footboard of an express train collapsed on the track and met a fatal end in Dindigul district on Saturday morning.Meanwhile, in Nagercoil, a 34-year-old man was run over by a train when he attempted to cross the track.Railway police said S Udayakumar (33) of Ukkirankottai near Sankarankoil in Tirunelveli district was travelling in the unreserved compartment of Tuticorin-Mysore Express along with his relatives. Udayakumar chose to sit near the footboard as the compartment was crowded. When the train was speeding between Dindigul and Eriyodu stations, Udayakumar slipped and fell on the tracks. He suffered fatal injuries in the fall and died on the spot.Shocked passengers in the compartment raised an alarm and stopped the train only to find that Udayakumar had succumbed to the injuries.In Nagercoil, R Manikandan (34) of Aruguvilai attempted to cross the railway track at a spot between Nagercoil and Iranial stations when he was run over by a train in the evening. \"His house was close to the track. The man attempted to cross the track to reach his farm,\" said the railway police.Meanwhile, in Madurai, a 62-year-old man died of cardiac arrest while travelling in the Mysore-Tuticorin Express. C Jayaraj, hailing from Vallamkottai in Tirunelveli, was travelling alone from Bangalore to Kovilpatti in the train when he suffered the cardiac arrest.Postmortem has been completed and the bodies of Jayaraj and Udayakumar have been handed over to their respective relatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13310228", "title": "Relatives turn violent after woman's death", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Relatives of a pregnant woman went on the rampage at MKCG Medical College and Hospital on Saturday following her death. The people alleged that Suntia Patnaik (28) died because of medical negligence.Sunita, wife of Manoj Patnaik of Bada Bazar area, had come to the hospital for delivery at midnight on Friday. But she was not admitted because there was no doctor to attend to her. So she was sent to a private hospital but the hospital referred her to MKCG medical college and hospital. Her husband has alleged that she died because no one attended to her at the medical college. \"I do not know where she died,\" said in-charge superintendent of the medical college Radha Madhav Tripathy.The medical authorities have not lodged any complaint with police. \"We have registered an unnatural death case and started investigation,\" said Deepak Mishra, inspector-in-charge of B N Pur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "dona paula", "code": "13309616", "title": "Was missing; not anymore", "text": "DONA PAULA: By the time the first monsoon showers cast their spell, visitors to the Raj Bhavan will feel dwarfed by a new towering gate to the historic palace, once also used as a residence by archbishops and viceroys.The elevation of the gate to the Cabo, the official Governor's residence since the turn of the 20th century, is being carried out by the PWD at a cost of 27 lakh. The construction of the gate and the sides shall adhere to all heritage aspects, PWD principal chief engineer, J S Rego, said.Explaining further, a PWD official said that the present entrance resembled that of any residential house. The overall appearance of the elevation will now have a heritage look and will primarily suit the needs of high security of the place, the official said.The gate is being elevated by PWD to meet security requirements. A bigger and stronger gate was needed for reasons of security, a Raj Bhavan official confirmed.After completion of the arched gate by the end of May 2012, a part of the wall will be demolished. The existing wall will be merged with the new structure, which is being built to align with the new gate, Rego said. The elevation with two columns on either rising to a height of about seven metres will have circular mouldings in plasters.The strategic location on the edge of the headland between two rivers made the Portuguese realize the importance of having a fort on it. Governor, Dom Estevao da Gama first thought of it in 1540. First, a chapel dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary , under the invocation of Nossa Senhora do Cabo was built. Then many years later, a convent of the Reformed Franciscans was constructed at the site during the tenure of Viceroy Mathias d'Albuquerque in 1594.Buffeted by strong sea breezes, the place boasted of pleasant weather conditions, and the authorities soon converted the convent into a temporary residence for the archbishop. After being used also as a school of artillery and temporary residence for royals and a quarter for archbishops down the centuries, it was taken up as a summer residence for governors till 1918.The British occupied the Cabo fortress through an understanding with the Portuguese in the 19th century. But the cemetery near the Raj Bhavan gate is the perhaps only landmark of the British occupation.Heritage lovers are amenable to the renovation of the gate. From the heritage point of view, it is not a major issue as it is done to meet security requirements,Jack Sukhija, secretary of Goa heritage action group (GHAG) said.The Raj Bhavan gate may be a new construction on an old structure of the fort on the headland. A huge laterite wall can be seen around the palace. But authorities are unsure about the vestiges of the old fort. \"The remnants can be seen here and there, but these no more look like a fort,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13310760", "title": "4 workers return from Angola", "text": "VADODARA: Four workers from the cement factory at Angola returned here on Saturday. Vijay Valmik, who is from Petlad, has returned with tales of alleged harassment and extreme difficulties that the workers at the cement factory are facing.Valmik is the worker, who had been speaking to officials as well as relatives of other stranded workers from Angola over the phone. He narrated what had transpired there and has vowed to work for those who are still facing problems in Angola.He said that he was among the fortunate few as he had resigned from the company way back on April 15. \"All those who resigned earlier were not targeted by the company and let them go. The others are stranded there. They have been asked to pay for damages that took place at the company during the agitation and their passports have been taken by the company,\" Valmik said.Valmik alleges that precious little was done by governments in Angola or India to resolve the crisis. \"If we managed to survive and returned to India, it is because of our Gujarati brothers in Angola. They gave us all possible help,\" Valmik said. He added that three other persons from the state - Jitu Patel from Valsad, Ramkrishna Parmar from Jamnagar and Mahendra Patel from Bilimora - returned with him. The group arrived in Mumbai via Uganda from Angola and then reached Vadodara.Giving details of the ruckus at ETA Star International LLC cement factory, Valmik said that trouble begun there as they were not paid for overtime for about three months. \"The workers went on strike to press for dues. On May 7, we decided to march to the Indian embassy. The security forces stopped us on the route and even fired shots to stop us. An official said that he would discuss the matter with the management of the company and sort it out,\" Valmik said, adding that following the assurance, the workers decided against any more agitations.However, Valmik claims that the official later said that overti-me would be paid to them in Angolan currency Kwanza. \"That hardly has any value. Peeved at this, workers decided to resume the agitation. On May 9, many of them gathered to make representations to the company management. Forces were called again and they resorted to firing. The workers ran out of the plant into the jungles,\" he said. Valmik claimed that while the company was claiming that 16 motorcycles were charred, some irate workers had targeted only one. \"We do not know how the others were burnt,\" he said.He confirmed that 59 workers were lodged in jails after being picked up by security forces during the agitation on May 9. \"They have been kept at Sumbe and Luanda. We hear that conditions in the prisons are not good,\" he added.Valmik said, barring those who resigned till April 15, the company was making no arrangements for return of others. \"Their resignations are not being accepted. They are being asked to pay $1,200 if they want to return. They will also have to make their own arrangements for travel to India. They are in a major problem and need help,\" he said, adding that those jailed included four Gujaratis and that a person from Mangalore was injured by a bullet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13309567", "title": "Gujarat village that puts metros to shame", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Think of an Indian village and what comes to mind are images of mooing cows, open drains and children playing ants and frog games. But, Punsari, a motley village in Himmatnagar, talks about wi-fi and optical fiber broadband network, its children spend best of their times in air-conditioned classrooms with CCTV cameras. The village also boasts of its own mini-bus transport system and there are 25-odd CCTVs located on important junctions to spot litterbugs.If you think this village is drenched in NRI funds, think again. Not a single rupee has come from across the seven seas, instead the village managed its funds over the last five years that it received from central and state sponsored developmental schemes.\"The village panchayat pays an annual premium of Rs 25 lakh against insurance for each of the 6,000 villagers who have a cover of Rs 1 lakh and a mediclaim policy of Rs 25,000. Our schools have zero dropout rates, CCTV cameras in classrooms help us keep watch on teachers in classrooms. Our reverse osmosis plant supplies 20-litre cans to houses for a token cost of Rs 4. These are bare essentials for a standard life today and why should our village be behind,\" claims the village sarpanch Hemant Patel, 29.The village panchayat had a capital of Rs 25,000 five years ago. Today, the deposits have soared to Rs 75 lakh. \"The turn-around happened when we sold part of our grazing land as plotted schemes to various communities. The money is deposited in government coffers,\" says Patel. The village received rewards from the central government and the state governments recently.District development officer Ravi Arora told TOI, \"There is not a single family in Punsari which has an NRI family member. The village has just managed its accounts well and villagers here agreed on a co-operative approach to development.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13308874", "title": "Pune: Nine schools record 100% success in ICSE examination", "text": "PUNE: At least nine schools in the city offering Indian Certificate of Secondary Education (ICSE, standard X) pattern of education reported 100% success in March 2012 examinationThe schools are affiliated to the New Delhi-based Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations (CISCE) which declared the results on Saturday.Vidya Valley, Riverdale International Residential, Vidya Pratishthan's Magarpatta City Public, all three branches of the Bishop's Education Society in Camp, Kalyaninagar and Undri, DSK, St Helena's and St Mary's were among these schools.Of the 52 students from Vidya Valley School who appeared for the examination, 22 students including 14 girls, scored over 90%. Their tally was eight students more than last year's 14 who got the same percentage.\"Gautham Ramkrishnan was the topper with 96% marks, followed by Gargi Mishra, who scored 95%,\" school principal Nalini Sengupta said. Five others, Pranav Thombre, Kiran Saini, Ankita Joshi, Saloni Saini and Ira Bhere, shared the third position with 94%, she added.\"These percentage values have been taken from the aggregate of seven subjects, instead of counting only five, in which case the percentage will certainly go up,\" she added. There has been a marked improvement in the students' performance this year, she said.At Riverdale International Residential School, all 31 students who had appeared for the exam, passed. \"Three students scored more than 90% compared to only one last year,\" school principal Payam Shoghi said.Their students had done better in English and commerce, with a class average of 82% in these subjects, Shoghi said. The toppers at Riverdale were Aditya Sutaria with 94.2%, Ahanta Shoghi, who scored 90.8% and Jonaki Gupta, who secured 90% marks while Harshvardhan Zala scored 88.4%.The 33 students (16 boys and 17 girls) from Vidya Pratishthan's Magarpatta City Public School emerged successful with Shreel Prasad taking the first position with 94.57% marks, followed by Nihaar Sabhlok at 94% and Shubhangi Upadhyay scoring 89.40%.\"The performance this year is better as we took extra classes for maths and science,\" T T Burrows, secretary of the governing body, said.At Hutchings High School, Aditya Diwekar and Varun Deoskar emerged joint toppers with 96.2%. Of the 140 students, who appeared in the exam, 65 scored over 90%. A total of 124 students passed with distinction.\"Maths and computer were scoring subjects, this year. Six students scored a full 100 in computers, while five scored 100 in maths,\" principal Manju Bhosle said.The Bishop's Education Society declared 100% result for all its three schools in Camp, Kalyaninagar and Undri. \"A total of 253 students appeared for the exam from the Camp branch. Of these, 205 scored above 90%,\" Frank Freese, principal and CEO, said.The toppers from the Camp branch were Mohammed Zaid Shaikh (96.2%), followed by Aneesh Joshi and Shreyans Sheth. Both scored 95.8%, and Yusuf Hakim with 95.2%.\"Out of the total 163 students from Kalyaninagar branch, 157 scored above 90%. We had the first ICSE batch at our Undri branch with a total of 43 students writing the exam. Of these, 35 scored above 90%,\" he added.At the Kalyaninagar branch, Saptarshi Majumdar topped with 97.4%, followed by Smrithi Kumar at 97.2% and R Sunil, Aniruddh Tejomurtula and Ritwik Vatsyayan, scoring 96.8%.Rashi Goyal was the topper at Undri with 95% marks, followed by Nikhil Meghrajani at 94.6% and Chinmay Deshmukh scoring 94%.\"Computer application marks were much better this year, while the number of students passing with more than 90% and distinction have increased. Geography and history were also very scoring, this time,\" he added.Meanwhile, all 192 students from St. Helena's Girls' High School passed the examination. Manodnya Bhoite and Radhika Dhumal emerged joint toppers with 96.4 %, followed by Arushi Aishwarya in the second position with 96%.At St Mary's School, all 212 students passed. \"Of these, 171 were girls and 41 boys and 129 girls scored 90% and above, 34 scored 80% and above. The remaining girls scored 70% and above. Among the boys, 36 scored 90% and above and five scored 80% and above,\" school principal Sujata Mallic Kumar said. The school achieved outstanding results this year, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13309651", "title": "Yeddyurappa heaps praise on Narendra Modi", "text": "BANGALORE: A week after praising UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi, BS Yeddyurappa on Saturday showered praise on Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi. He said Modi is a straightforward man and dynamic CM, but the BJP hasn't given him the prominence due to him.\"Modi has become a statesman, has gained wide acceptability, but our own party people at the centre are not allowing him to grow,\" Yeddyurappa told reporters here on Saturday. After becoming CM in 2008, Yeddyurappa had said Gujarat under Modi would be his role model for governance.Yeddyurappa also referred to the party crisis in Rajasthan. The former CM's remarks assume significance as Modi has been unhappy with the central leadership over certain issues. He found fault with the party's decision to choose retired bureaucrat Ramakrishna for the Rajya Sabha seat from the state ignoring seniors like BJP spokesperson Nirmala Seetharaman.Yeddyurappa clarified he wouldn't join any political outfit. \"There's speculation that I'm going to join the Congress. It's far from the truth. There's no question of my joining any political party,\" he said. Ministers loyal to him met with Congress leaders Ahmed Patel and Oscar Fernandes, reportedly to clinch a deal either of him joining the Congress or aligning with it by floating a new party. He clarified that as ministers, they are free to meet central ministers.BJP troubleshooter Dharmendra Pradhan , who's been here since Friday, met with state BJP chief KS Eshwarappa. The discussion mainly pertained to finalizing names for Rajya Sabha polls on June 11. Pradhan also met Yeddyurappa on Friday evening and asked him not to take any hasty decision.Party spokesperson CT Ravi submitted a memorandum seeking cabinet expansion to Pradhan. Claiming he had the signatures of 76 BJP MLAs, Ravi said the cabinet should be expanded giving weightage to caste and region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13310043", "title": "Guwahati police, GRP rescue 8 women from trafficking net", "text": "GUWAHATI: The city police with the help of Government Railway Police (GRP) on Saturday rescued eight women from a human trafficking racket at Paltan Bazar area on Saturday and arrested an agent who was taking them to Kerala. Four among the rescued were said to be married, but were separated from their husbands. The rescued women were handed over to Global Organisation for Life Development (GOLD), an NGO's shelter home for human traffic victims.Initial investigation revealed that the agent was taking these ladies to Kerala on the pretext of giving them a job. \"The agent lured these women with promises of high perks and salaries in Kerala. The agent, who herself is a woman, could not produce any evidence such as appointment letters or other important documents. We are interrogating her as of now,\" said a police officer.GOLD secretary Rajiv Sarma said: \"All the victims were below 22 years of age. Some were working in a private factory in Amingaon area and they were promised that they will get good job in Kerala. We found that the agent was planning to sell them there.\"Sarma said that the state's growing unemployment in rural areas have become a major advantage for human traffickers to lure women. \"There should be a rehabilitation mechanism for human trafficing victims. Without it, these women will remain highly vulnerable to flesh trade. The government must act on the issue,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13308305", "title": "Molestation case: IPL player Luke Pomersbach gets bail, Siddharth Mallya legal notice", "text": "NEW DELHI: Australian cricketer Luke Pomersbach, who is accused of molesting US national Zohal Hamid, got bail on Saturday even as a determined Zohal opened a new front in her battle for justice, slapping a legal notice on Bangalore IPL team director Siddharth Mallya for defaming her. Siddharth is team owner Vijay Mallya's son.In her notice, Zohal demanded an unconditional apology within 24 hours for his derogatory comments against her on a social networking site. Her lawyer said the notice was faxed to Siddharth on Friday night. \"What he said was completely untrue and very hurtful. I'll take legal action against him, if he does not apologize,\" a livid Zohal said on Saturday. Mallya had tweeted on Friday: \"She (Zohal) was all over me last night and asked for my BBM pin, so if he was her fiance she wasn't exactly behaving like a future wife.\"Zohal also submitted a written complaint to the Delhi Commission for Women (DCW) on Saturday. \"I've received a complaint and we'll take it up on Monday,\" DCW chairperson Barkha Singh said.\"The comments made by Siddharth Mallya are derogatory. They defame my client and amount to assassination of character without any basis. We have asked for an unconditional apology within 24 hours of the receipt of the notice which should be written or to the satisfaction of my client. We will wait till Tuesday evening and initiate legal action if the apology is not made,\" senior advocate Rajneesh Chopra, heading the team of lawyers assisting Zohal, said.Meanwhile, metropolitan magistrate Navita Kumari Bagha gave bail to Pomersbach after she found no evidence to show he had trespassed into the complainant's hotel room where the incident occurred.Judge Bagha went through the CCTV footage of the alleged incident provided by the police and said no charge of \"house trespass or wrongful restraint\" was made out against the Australian. Since the other sections, including causing hurt and trying to outrage the modesty of a woman are bailable, the cricketer walked free. He has since left for Hyderabad.The court directed the 27-year-old Team Bangalore player not to approach Zohal and gave bail on a personal bond of Rs 30,000 with two sureties of like amount. He was directed to surrender his passport and cooperate with the police.Pomersbach later told TOI: \"I'm innocent and relieved to have been given bail. It's been a trying time for me, but I have full faith in the Indian judicial system and these baseless allegations will be proved false. I have a girlfriend back home too.\"On Saturday evening, he submitted his passport to the New Delhi district police.\"He has furnished the Mumbai address of Avinash Yadav, manager of the IPL team. He will be contacted on this address for assistance with investigations, whenever required. We've taken his passport and he has an Indian visa till 2014,\" a senior police officer said.Scrutiny of the CCTV footage showed two witnesses to the events at the victim's hotel room. \"Sahil Peerzada and his fiance were accompanied by their friend Miraz Khan and Luke Pomersbach when they first entered Sahil and his fiance's room, the footage shows. Pomersbach left after some time with a beer bottle in his left hand as his right hand appeared to have been fractured. Later, when Luke tried entering the room a second time, a hotel guard tried to stop him. The guard has been identified as Vikas Yadav. We are questioning both witnesses,\" the officer said.The police also submitted to the court the medical report of Peerzada, who is undergoing treatment. Sahil is stable and at Chanakyapuri's Primus Hospital. \"He has been moved out of ICU and is recovering from the ear surgery. His wound is healing well and hearing is almost back to normal. His dressing will be changed on Sunday by the plastic surgeon. He'll be discharged from hospital either on Sunday or Monday,\" Dr DK Baluja, executive director of the hospital, said.Pressing for rejection of bail, the prosecutor said the incident took place when Pomersbach entered the hotel room with the woman, Sahil and Miraz. The investigating officer told the court that a little later, Pomersbach returned with a man and tried to re-enter the room forcibly, but was pushed back from inside. Therefore, a charge of trespass with the intention of causing hurt; assault or wrongful restraint was made out against Pomersbach. The public prosecutor said Pomersbach was pre-determined to commit the offence as he had returned to the woman's room.Pomersbach's counsel, senior advocate Ramesh Gupta, conceded that his client was present there, but the entry into the room was friendly. \"Bail should be granted. But as he is a foreigner, the investigating officer or this court may have the apprehension of his fleeing, so in that case, he will surrender his passport.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13310705", "title": "Price of adulation", "text": "Some celebrities in the West have suffered serious harm at the hands of frenzied fansGwyneth PaltrowDante Michael Siou stalked her by declaring his affection through letters and hinting that he may want to harm her. He was tried and declared clinically insane.Mel GibsonZack Sinclair had been sending letters to Gibson asking him to pray with him. In 2004, when Gibson's film 'The Passion of the Christ' was released, Sinclair was already under a restraining order from the star but that didn't prevent him from turning up at his home, asking him to pray with him. He was sentenced to three years in prison.John LennonThe Beatles star was killed on December 8, 1980 by Mark David Chapman five hours after he had got an autograph from the legend and shaken his son's hand. Chapman was sentenced to 20 years in prison.Jodie FosterIn 1980, when she took a break to study at Yale , she was stalked by John Hinckley, Jr., who attempted to assassinate the US president Ronald Reagan in 1981 in order to impress her. In 2007-08 , Michael Smegal sent bomb threats to various locations around Los Angeles in her name.Uma ThurmanShe was stalked by Jack Jordan who used to send her cards with sexually suggestive messages and threatening drawings. In 2008, he was sentenced to three years' probation and ordered to undergo psychiatric treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13310247", "title": "Government Medical College and Hospital to host human reproductive research centre", "text": "NAGPUR: To provide an impetus to research in reproductive health in the country, the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) has sanctioned a Human Reproductive Research Centre (HRRC) for the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) in the city. 31 such centres have already been in place in different medical colleges in the country for over two decades. This year the council has identified 13 more colleges, including GMCH, to generate region specific data on the actual incidence of reproductive diseases and, causes of infant and maternal mortality.The data generated through these centres is expected to give a direction to the kind of reproductive care services need at regional, state and national level. Dr Vishwa Mohan Katoch, the director general of ICMR and secretary of the department of reproductive research, is stressing on formation of a network of HRRC centres all over the country to ensure collaboration.GMCH medical superintendent and professor &amp; head of preventive and social medicine (PSM), Dr Arun Humne, who would head the project in the city, told TOI that the HRRC would be run jointly by PSM, paediatrics and gynaecology departments. The centre will help in realizing both, the magnitude and the prevalence of the reproductive diseases.The hospital has to only arrange for the space and basic logistics while the ICMR would be funding the centre. The council could also provide special staff and major logistics depending on the need. At the national level, the scientific advisory group of division of reproductive health and nutrition, and advisory group of council maintain regular assessment of all centres.\"Despite all the efforts very little and specific data is available on major reproductive problems faced by majority population. Medical colleges get patients from a large area. The data generated from such patients can neither be region specific nor universal. There is need to study reproductive issues through surveys in different communities, regions and states,\" he said.An increase in infertility in both men and women, and anaemia in adolescent girls and women are phenomena seen across the country. But there are region specific problems too. Dr Pragati Agrawal, a PSM lecturer involved in the project, says that she would be preparing a proposal with specific issues like polycystic ovarian disease and infertility as two basic problems for research for the ICMR to allocate the funds accordingly.\"We have to also lay down the research protocol and methodology that the college would adopt for conducting different types of studies. Once all the new centres are ready with their proposals, ICMR would segregate regional and national or universal problems and allot research areas for each centre,\" said Agrawal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13310314", "title": "Ushered by Congress, Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission officials take stock", "text": "NAGPUR: Congress MP from city Vilas Muttemwar has demanded a CBI probe into the alleged irregularities and malpractices in the implementation of the 24X7 water supply project in Nagpur.He made this demand before the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) special consultative team on Saturday. The team is in the city to take stock of the two Central government sponsored projects - 24X7 water supply and 240 Starbuses procured - following allegations of poor implementation, corruption and financial irregularities levelled by the city Congress.The team comprising NURM-1 director Anand Mohan, transport director RP Singh , N Ravindran, team leader (technical cell) Alok Shiromani, finance expert Rahul Mallik and MMRDA officer on special duty Samir Unhare visited Kanhan, Ram Nagar overhead water tank and Patwardhan ground (where Starbuses are being parked for maintenance).Congress corporators and office-bearers, including party city chief Jaiprakash Gupta, leader of opposition in NMC Vikas Thakre, Abha Pande, NCP corporator Prakash Gajbhiye and lawyer Vinod Tiwari were present during the team's visit to Muttemwar's residence. The team has assured to present their views before the Union urban ministry.Strangely, the team did not meet mayor Anil Sole and other MLAs and MPs from the city. Pravin Datke, the ruling party leader in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), asked why the committee visited only the residence of Muttemwar. He felt the JNNURM may present a biased report.Both, the Congress-ruled Central and State governments had appreciated the 24X&amp; water supply projects. \"We are not worried about any inquiry as total transparency was maintained while implementing both the projects,\" he said.The JNNURM team expressed shock when they were informed that there is no round-the-clock water supply even in the demo zone (Dharampeth). Muttemwar pointed out that the NMC had chosen the Dharampeth zone as there has never been water shortage in this part of the city. \"The civic body should have selected North Nagpur where water scarcity is a big issue even today,\" he said.Muttemwar added that the residents of the demo zone were fed up with the exorbitant water bills they have been receiving. \"Even the electricity bill is less as compared to water charges,\" he said, adding citizens only want regular supply of potable water instead of the 24X7 scheme.The MP alleged that there was a nexus between the private firm Nagarjuna, which is implementing the Pench IV water project, and NMC office bearers. \"They have virtually made the 24X7 water supply project non-affordable and non-sustainable,\" he said. Muttemwar wanted an inquiry to be conducted into how Dinesh Rathi, who is a JNNURM consultant for the city, is being appointed as consultant in every central government-sponsored scheme in any city.Muttemwar also drew the team's attention for ignoring leader of opposition while implementing JNNURM projects. \"Despite JNNURM guidelines, the ruling party in the NMC has not appointed the leader of opposition (Vikas Thakre) as one of the directors neither in Nagpur Mahanagar Parivahan Limited nor in NESL (Nagpur Environmental Services Ltd).The issue of irregularities in procuring JNNURM buses was also discussed with the team. Muttemwar escorted the JNNURM team to Patwardhan ground where many 'damaged' buses were parked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13308811", "title": "Topper's mantra: 'Consistency is the key'", "text": "NEW DELHI: When the phone rang at Shriya Talwar's residence informing her that she had done exceedingly well in her class X ICSE exams and had topped Delhi-NCR region, she couldn't believe her luck.The 16-year-old girl, who will be turning 17 in less than 10 days, credits her success to studying consistently.Explaining her success mantra, Shriya said not taking the exams too seriously worked wonders with her. \"A number of students end up complicating things and get stressed out resulting in their results taking a hit. However, if one concentrates on studying a certain number of hours every day throughout the year, the process of studying becomes quite easy,\" she said.A resident of Ghaziabad, her mother is a housewife while her father works at Meerut. She said she did not allow the exams to stop her from doing things she loved the most in life. \"I took regular breaks from studying to avoid my brain getting cluttered and I had fun throughout the year. I watched movies and at the same time studied hard too,\" she said.When asked about her future plans, Shriya said she wanted to study science. \"I want to become an engineer. My best results were in computer science and maths where I scored 100% and maths is my favourite subject,\" she said.She said it's natural for students appearing for the boards to have a number of distractions, however, she said that consistency can allow students to get high marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "dabwali (sirsa)", "code": "13309648", "title": "Dabwali fire victims crack IIT", "text": "Dabwali (Sirsa): They have won the battle. Two victims of Dabwali fire tragedy have cleared the IIT ( Indian Institute of Technology ) entrence exam to get admission in top colleges.Bhavik Bansal and Prabhjot Bansal, both in their early twenty, had received 70% burn injuries in the tragedy. At least 445 people had died in the fire, and another 160 were injured, half of them with serious burns. The incident had occurred at the Rajiv Marriage Palace in Dabwali, where the local DAV Public School was holding its annual prize distribution function on December 23, 1995. Bhavik and Prabhjot lost their mothers in the tragedy.With burnt faces and wrinkled skin, the memories of the tragedy have been haunting Bansals for the past 17 years. Now luck has smiled on them. However, the fear of being accepted by batchmates as well as room mates continue to haunt the two who term their success as a tribute to their mothers.Expressing his apprehensions about future, Prabhjot, 21, said, \"I am still fearful and feel low due to injury marks on my face. Students may tease me by looking on my face.\" Prabhjot has secured 84th rank.\"My dreams had shattered when I lost my mother, who was best mother in the world. But, my father, Arun Bansal, always motivated me for higher studies,'' said PrabhjotExpressing similar sentiments, Bhavik questioned,\" Will my roommates in the hostel accept me?\" He has secured 1,115th rank. \"I still remember that 23 December, 1995 when I was sitting with my mother on plastic chair and fire wrapped the whole tent. My mother threw me out from a small exit area, but she remained unable to come out and died on the spot,'' he said.Photo caption: Bhavik Bansal and Prabhjot Bansal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "13310474", "title": "Miscreants burn bus, stone another near Belgaum", "text": "BELGAUM: On the eve of a Marathi convention at Yallur, near Belgaum, on Sunday, miscreants set on fire a Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) bus and stoned another protesting the \"Maha Melva\" being organised by Maharastra Ekikran Samithi (MES).In Chikkodi taluk, some activists belonging to a pro-Kannada outfit an MSRTC bus on fire after asking the passengers to get down. The window panes of another MSRTC bus was damaged at Gavani cross near Nippani town. The driver of the bus was assaulted. Pro-Kannada outfits have protesting against the MES convention to be held here on Sunday.The bus was carrying over 20 passengers to Kolhapur from Belgaum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13309698", "title": "Higher Secondary School Certificate exam results on May 22", "text": "PANAJI: The results of the HSSC examination conducted by the Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education in March will be declared at 4pm on May 22. The results can also be located on the following websites, SMS and IVRS-results.bharatstudent.com . An SMS can be sent as GB12 to 54242, 55077, 5333300, GOA12  to 5676750, 56300, ghssc  to 56767999, Result GOA12  to 56263 or MGOA HSSC 56070.The arrangement for the distribution of the statement of grades and results for higher secondary schools falling in Bardez,Tiswadi, Pernem, Bicholim, Sattari and Ponda talukas will be done at the board's office at Porvorim and those for Canacona, Quepem, Sanguem, Salcete and Mormugao talukas will be at the South educational zone, Margao, from 10.30am to 1pm on May 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13308896", "title": "Girl falls into well while drawing water, hurt", "text": "THANE: A 14-year-old girl from the tribal village of Kinniste, in the drought-hit Mokhada taluka, suffered severe injuries on her head after she fell into a well while trying to draw water on Saturday. The dried-up well had been filled up with water from a tanker.Roshna Madhukar Shinde, a Class VIII student , reportedly lost her balance while she was stretching hard to draw water from the well.Shinde is undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Khodala town and her condition is said to be stable.\"Located on a hilltop, Kinniste village is very close to the middle Vaitarna project. However, villagers have been facing an acute water scarcity. The district administration has failed to provide adequate water tankers. A tanker came to Kinniste on Saturday after four to five days. Shinde arrived and was struggling to get water,'' said Santosh Chothe, a resident of Mokhada.Villagers pulled the girl out and took her to a hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13309718", "title": "Stepping out with rainbow dreams", "text": "BANGALORE: You may not find their names among the first 10 on the toppers' list. But their achievement goes beyond that. It's about moving away from a past full of tears, fears and disappointments, conquering a present with the limited opportunities life gave them and shaping dreams for a promising future.These students, who have passed the ISC exam with high marks, come from challenging backgrounds - some abandoned by their parents, others whose parents earn just Rs 25 a day and some from broken families. Graduating from Shanti Bhavan, a free residential school, they now know that life is set to change forever.Prashant Kumar Reddy, whose mother is a coolie and earns Rs 25 a day, scored 68.7%. \"I used to get up at 4am and my first task would be to throw cow dung near a lake. With hardly any food in my stomach, I collected hay from the fields and rushed back home. I never knew there was anything more to life than this. Now life has changed. It is my experience of poverty which ensures my perseverance on the long road ahead. I am no longer some forgotten face of rural poverty. I am the fruit of an investment that will leverage the lives of others,\" said a confident Prashant, who plans to do MBA.Shaping dreamsPraveen Kumar Kasmas was abandoned by his mother when he was barely seven, to escape from his alcoholic father, who died of alcoholism two years later. Today, when he holds his certificate stating 69%, he has his plans for a future charted out. \"When I was young, I wanted to be an astronaut. I thought it was the coolest thing to do. Later, I realized it would not have any immediate influence on the common man's life. So now I'm preparing to take my entrance exams to go to medical school. I want to heal people or give them more time to appreciate life and the people who love them.\" He has already volunteered with a hospital and has experienced the joy.Valerie Priscilla scored a whopping 81.8%. Her mother is a homemaker who works the whole day and yet, earns enough only to feed her children. Her father is a vendor who sold odd things like greeting cards, Bibles and rosaries.Francis Gnanaprakasham has the story of a broken home to tell. \"I have seen my father throw a piece of glass at my mother that hit her above her left eye and drew blood. I felt so scared and helpless. At school, my classmates called me 'cry baby' because I cried to get what I wanted. When my father died of a heart attack, I couldn't cry. Without realizing it, I had changed,\" he said.With 68% in hand, Francis wants to go ahead with business studies. \"I was thrilled when I was given a chance to visit the Mercedes-Benz research centre. The best part of it was riding in a Mercedes. It was a source of pride for me to tell my mother that I rode in a Mercedes-Benz,\" he said.Overcoming oddsFor Arvind Laxman and Nishant Pochiraju, the challenges were of a different shape. Arvind, who suffers from cerebral palsy , scored 80%, and Nishant, who is wheelchair-bound, got 86%. They are students of Bethany High School.\"Arvind dreams a lot and that's what keeps him going. The whole system has adopted him and made it easy for him,\" said his mother Jayanthi Laxman. Arvind needed a scribe as finer movements are difficult for him. \"Even when he is studying, we help him with minute things like turning the pages,\" she said.\"I want to become a chartered accountant, because I know it's the world's second best job,\" he said.Nishant's role model is his sister. He aspires to be as good as her. \"He always wanted to do well. He has a fancy for cars. He sometimes designs his own cars,\" said his father, as Nishant shied away from the camera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13311108", "title": "Olympics-bound Mary Kom returns empty-handed from World Championships", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mary Kom qualified for London Olympics in 51kgs the moment her conqueror Natasha Jonas of England defeated Elena Savelyeva of Russia in the semifinals of the 7th AIBA World Women Boxing Championships at Qinhuangdao, China.However in the finals on Saturday, Natasha lost to Ren Cancan of China on points and it was just last month that Mary Kom had defeated Ren Cancan at the Asian Championships at Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia.The Indian women boxers fared well in this World Championships but were unlucky not to have been amongst more medals as most of them lost to eventual medalists.Most unfortunate was Mandakini Chanu in the 57kgs as she was leading in the first two rounds against Tiara Brown of USA in the preliminaries and was equal at 17:17 all in the end of third round but lost narrow when the gong sounded the end of fourth round. Tiara Brown went on to win all her other bouts easily and be crowned the World Champion when she defeated Poland's Sandra Kruk in a hard fought match in the finals.The other Olympic category of 60kgs was a dampener for Asia as India's Sarita Devi who is the Asian Champion and Dong Cheng who is the World Champion did not qualify. Fate was cruel to both of them as Chorieva of Tajkistan whom Sarita had beaten at Mongolia last month and the Kazakhstan boxer who was also beaten by both of them earlier qualified as they were in an easier pool. Katie Taylor defeating Sofiya Ochigawa of Russia in the finals ensured that the boxer from Kazakhstan qualified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13309111", "title": "Opium smuggler arrested", "text": "LUDHIANA: A drug smuggling racket, accused of selling opium and smuggling it to Canada , was busted by city police on Friday evening, when one of the accused, Narinder Kumar, was nabbed near Ghanta Ghar chowk on Friday evening. Narinder and two other gang members, Vinod Kumar of Umarwas, Bhiwani, Haryana and Navtej Singh of Bhadso, Patiala were on a bike when the police tried to nab them. The other two managed to escape while Narinder, a Bhiwani resident, couldn't. SHO Surinder Mohan said the gang has already exported three consignments to Canada. They used to fill opium between cardboard pieces and paste them with fevicol, which was then wrapped in rolls of cloth, said the SHO.The police confiscated a kg of opium and a packet which was to be smuggled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "13309657", "title": "Adam Gilchrist had a tryst with Triund Trek in McLeodganj", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Trekking paradise \"Triund\" situated near McLeodganj that had been in a state of neglect was rejuvenated after the unexpected arrival of the Australian cricketer Adam Gilchrist, who had a tryst with the short trek on Friday evening.Kings XI team has won the match played against Chennai Super Kings on Thursday and probably, the cricket star opted for trekking to make best use of the off-time, before the match between Kings XI and Delhi Daredevils. When Gilly arrived at Dharamkot village, also known as mini Israel , residents were stunned but overjoyed. He was accompanied by some of his managing team members and some cops.\"We are very happy that Adam Gilchrist reached our village. This place is aloof from the IPL hordes but the cricketer has kindled the joy of people involved in the tourism industry,\" said Rammurti Sharma, a villager.Adam Gilchrist and his associates went till the \"Galloon\" (a spot on the way to Triund) from Dharamkot village crossing. The trip remained a secret till the time news broke and fans reached the place in large numbers. Last year, the Kings team visited Bhagsunag waterfall situated at a corner of McLeodganj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13310158", "title": "Centre team to submit report within 15 days", "text": "NAGPUR: In a closed-door meeting with municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal, the seven-member special consultative committee discussed various issues after visiting many places including Kanhan Water treatment plant, Ram Nagar overhead tank and Patwardhan Ground where Starbuses are parked for maintenance.The committee, attached to the ministry of Urban Development, would submit the report to the Central Government within 15 days.The seven member team, which arrived in the city on Friday and visited many places including Kanhan Water treatment plant, Ram Nagar overhead tank and Patwardhan Ground (where Starbuses are being parked for maintenance) held a closed-door meeting with the municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal and other officials of the NMC.At the end of the two-day visits, Anand Mohan director of National Urban Renewal Mission-I said that they will submit the report to the urban development ministry.Extending support towards 24X7 water supply scheme, Mohan said that it the scheme ensures better quality supply of potable water and was acknowledged across the world.He, however, pointed out that they would investigate into the allegations made by MP Vilas Muttemwar about irregularities in entrusting the private firm in implementing the scheme. The director stressed the need to certain changes within the system.Over Starbus issue, Mohan clarified that there is a scope of improvement in the city bus services as parking and maintenance of buses are major issues need immediate attention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "dharamsala", "code": "13308566", "title": "Adam Gilchrist says he has played his last IPL match", "text": "DHARAMSALA: Finally, four years after his international retirement, Adam Gilchrist has called time on his IPL career. \"I have played my last IPL match,\" he said after Punjab failed to make the playoffs.\"I will sit with the franchise and discuss my future role in the team. I would like to continue as coach-mentor for the next year,\" said the former Australian wicketkeeper.It was an abrupt announcement that left even the franchise stunned. Gilchrist said his decision was spurred by the injury which made him miss a large part of IPL 5. \"During that phase when I missed nine matches, I enjoyed being the coach of the team and did not seem to miss the action in the centre. There was no urge or craving for action. So, I have played my last cricket match and I would like to sit down with the owners of the team and decide on a future course.\"Gilly added: \"I have a year's contract still to go with Punjab. But the gut feeling is that I will not be back as a player. I have enjoyed my stint in the IPL as a player and will continue to be a part of it as a mentor.\"Asked about the high points of his 20-year-long career, he said: \"The three World Cups, the 16-Test winning spree with Australia and leading Hyderabad to the IPL title in 2009 in South Africa. Of course, there was this century against Bangalore here in Dharamsala and a record 206-run partnership with Shaun Marsh during that match was indeed memorable. Everything was perfect that day. It has been a great experience to play at this beautiful venue.\"He also had a word of praise for upcoming players like Mandeep Singh, Gurkeerat Mann and Parvinder Awana. \"Yes, they were the positives for us during the season. I think they have a great international future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "13310312", "title": "Road project hits toll-gate bump", "text": "KEONJHAR: At a time when the government is encouraging cost-effective PPP projects, the first such road in the state is yet to start operations due to the state government's indecision. The 28-km Palaspanga-Bamebari road was completed almost a year back, but it is yet to be opened for public use as the state government hasn't been able to fix the amount of toll tax to be collected from vehicles on the road.Sources said construction of the road connecting Palsapanga of Sadar block to the mineral-rich Bamebari area of Joda block was taken up on PPP mode in 2006. The Keonjhar Infrastructure Development Company (KIDCO) was constituted for this purpose with the support of five local industry houses. KIDCO signed a MoU with the state government for a period of 15 years. So far the company has spent about Rs100 crore. In addition to the share of money deposited by the companies, KIDCO had taken a loan of Rs 58 crore from SBI with a condition to repay it in eight years. They had planned to realize the money from toll tax.According to KIDCO, 22 km of the road has been completed. They had requested for permission to install toll gates on the road in April 2011. The government is yet to respond to the request.Executive officer of KIDCO Ashok Mohanty said, \"We have already sent our completion report to the government and sought permission for starting toll collection. But the file is pending with the government for more than a year. We are suffering heavy loss owing to this.\"\"Besides, due to unrestricted use, the condition of the road is deteriorating by the day. We have no money for its repair. The government should take immediate steps to allow collection of toll,\" Mohanty added.\"It is the first PPP road project in the state. If the government does not take initiative for it, in future no company will come forward to invest in any road project in PPP mode,\" Himansu Kuanar of Citizen forum of Keonjhar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13309898", "title": "Govt will solve issues of unorganized workers: CM Oommen Chandy", "text": "KOCHI: In an effort to solve the issues faced by labourers in the unorganized sector, the state government will study the issues and take necessary action in this regard, chief minister Oommen Chandy has said.\"Kerala is a state that has many welfare schemes for labourers and for some reasons unorganized labourers are not able to avail themselves of these schemes,\" Chandy said while inaugurating the state conference of the Kerala Labour Movement (KLM).\"The issues in the unorganized sector that prevent labourers from availing themselves of various schemes are the result of several technical, practical and legal barriers. Since labourers working under an employer keep changing daily there is no proper employee-employer relationship in this sector and it becomes a barrier while processing applications for various schemes,\" he said.Chandy said that various sectors in the industry were facing competition and were struggling to survive as they did not have enough workforce.\"Earlier, the increasing number of labourers in various sectors was the major issue while the non-availability of labourers is the major issue we are facing now. This has led to the increase in number of inter-state migrant labourers to the state,\" he said.During the function the chief minister also published the study report on 'unorganized labourers' conducted by KLM.Union minister K V Thomas, KCBC labour commission chairman Bishop Jose Porunnedam, KLM state president Joy Gothuruth and MLAs Benny Behnan and Hibi Eden were present at the inaugural ceremony. The two-day state conference will conclude on Sunday with a delegates' meet that will discuss the activities in different dioceses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13310795", "title": "Gadgetopia", "text": "WD MyBook Live DuoExternal hard drives have quickly gone from being back-up devices to your primary storage centres. So what backs up the back-up ? Western Digital's MyBook Live Duo addresses this with twin 2TB hard drives that work in 'mirror mode'. So whatever you store on the first drive is automatically copied on the second. Besides, it's also preloaded with the MyBook Live Personal Cloud Storage service which will let you access your data or stream music, photos and videos via the WD2go mobile app.Specs:2x2TB or 2x3TB hard drives | Ethernet, USB ports | DLNA | Remote Access, Personal Cloud Storage | 2.2kgsPrice:Rs 24,000 (4TB) | Rs 29,999 (6TB)Website:www.wdc.comGarmin nuvi 40LMNavigation giant Garmin's new GPS device for your car promises to give you turn-by-turn directions to the destination of your choice, voicing them out. The touchscreen navigator is preloaded with maps of India, Singapore and Malaysia , and these will be available and upgraded for free throughout the gadget's life. These maps are preloaded with POIs (points of interests), and you can quickly find the nearest hospital or police station with the Where Am I app. Additional features include a builtin speed limit indicator and 'junction view' for lane assistance.Specs:4.3-inch touchscreen (480x272 pixels resolution) | Internal memory for maps with microSD slot | Up to 1000 customizable waypoints or location | 2 hour battery life | 148 gmsPrice:Rs 8,450Website:www.garmin.co.inFujifilm FinePix F660 EXRPacking a great lens in a compact body, the Fujifilm FinePix F550 EXR promises to let you zoom-in on every tiny detail. The new EXR sensor claims to let you shoot dark scenes at high ISO sensitivity and capture them brighter, clearer and with less noise than ever before. The Individual Shutter 3D mode will let you click the same subject from two angles, and automatically combine the shots to give you a 3D image. As its name suggests, the Film Simulation mode makes pictures look like they were shot on film, with options like Velvia Mode, Astia Mode, Sepia Mode, etc.Specs:16-megapixel CMOS sensor | 15x Fujinon optical lens | ISO up to 3200 | Image stabilization, panorama mode | 1080p FullHD video recording | 3-inch LCD screen | SD memory card slot | Approximately 300 photos/frames on a full batteryPrice:Rs 18,999Website:www.fujifilm.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13309168", "title": "Civic body to crack down on tender manipulators", "text": "CHENNAI: Having woken up to the reality of 'councillor raj' and contractor cartels, the Chennai corporation is thinking of ways to prevent manipulation of tenders that eventually result in bad civic works.\"Both the parties have made complaints against each other. We will allow neither contractor syndicates nor unfair interference from councillors,\" said a source in the mayor's office.Pressure has been mounting on the corporation to take action against politicians troubling contractors demanding higher percentages of 'commission'. Mayor Saidai Duraisamy told TOI: \"I will take stern action against anyone if there is a written complaint that directly comes to me with evidence.\"Two days ago the corporation decided to cancel 84 work orders worth more than 6 crore after contractors complained that they were not allowed to participate in the tender process by a ward councillor's husband. Sources in the mayor's office say this is the first time they have received a written complaint, though a few other complaints were made orally.Councillors, meanwhile, have been complaining about contractors creating a syndicate to get tenders to a select few for low quotes. This the corporation plans to break by encouraging more contractors from other states to participate in the tenders. \"Every participating contractor has to be registered, so we are looking at making that process easier and faster,\" said a source in the mayor's office.Contractors though say allegations of them fixing tenders are baseless. \"Storm water drain, conservancy operation, parks landscape and road- laying have all had participants from outside the city and state, none have created problem for us or vice-versa,\" president of the Chennai Corporation Contractors Welfare Association R Ramarao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13310798", "title": "Youngsters get Chelsea taste", "text": "NEW DELHI: On the day Chelsea played Bayern Munich in the Champions League final, Delhi's young footballing talent got a taste of the 'Blue philosophy' as a group of players trained with the club's youth coaches at the Ambedkar Stadium here.Six coaches provided skill and technical training to over 150 young players selected by adidas through a schools programme. The coaches also held a training session with school coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13314337", "title": "Yuki wins first ever ATP Challenger singles title", "text": "NEW DELHI: A resurgent Yuki Bhambri won the first ever ATP Challenger singles title of his career after scoring a facile straight-set win over Israeli fourth seed Amir Weintraub in Fergana, Uzbekistan on Sunday.The unseeded Indian, ranked 297, recorded a 6-3, 6-3 win in one hour and 20 minutes over the world number 185 in the summit clash of the $35,000 hard court event.The victory is expected to push Yuki to top-220 in the ranking, which will make him the highest-ranked Indian in the ATP charts.Yuki earned 80 ranking points and $5000 as prize money for his effort.Last week, the-19-year-old had won his career's first ATP Challengers doubles title along with compatriot Divij Sharan in the Busan event.Amir tired to claw his way back in the match when he broke Yuki in the third game to lead 2-1 but the Indian teen broke back immediately to level the scores.He then broke the Israeli in the eighth game and served out the set and match in the next game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13313569", "title": "Sid Mallya asked to keep a low profile", "text": "After Mallya Jr receives a legal notice from Zohail Hameed, his media managers ask him to keep a low profile.Sidhartha Mallya has discovered that free speech comes with caveats and that he can't say whatever comes to his mind on online social networking forums. The Bangalore team owner is in the middle of a huge controversy after his recent tweet.What happened: Zohail Hameed, an Indian-American woman, alleged that IPL's Team Bangalore player Luke Pomersbach molested her and assaulted her fiance. Shortly after, Luke was arrested, the team's co-owner Sidhartha posted an offending tweet, questioning her character. The woman has now sought an apology through a legal notice for his less-thanbecoming statements.Sid's offending tweet: 'The girl who is accusing Luke is saying he hit her 'fiance'...what a load of f*****g shit. She was all over me last night and asked for me (sic) bbm pin, so if he was her fiance she wasn't exactly behaving like a future wife'Now what: Sid has been asked by his media managers to lay low and take a break from Twitter for some time, to take it easy and refrain from making any personal comments about the incident online. A regular on the microblogging site, he will have to maintain a steady silence.Mallya bashing online Twitterati take jibes at Sidhartha. Read on...Decent wife test: Make sure Sid Mallya is not on her BBM list Sid Mallya is India's reply to Paris Hilton Kingfisher soon to start a Character Certification Agency, personally signed by Sid Mallya.Sid Mallya, a girl flirts doesn't mean she'll sleep with you. Just like, if you take money for air ticket doesn't mean your plane will fly.Hear that Sid Mallya is playing lead role in a remake of Mujhse Shaadi Karogi. True?SRK and Sid Mallya are sailing in a luxury boat off Goa. Suddenly the boat capsizes. Who will be saved? - Indian cricket Sid Mallya learned to Tweet and give his BBM Pin before he could talk!Did Deepika Padukone also not behave like future wife Mr Sid Mallya? Sid Mallya, if a girl ask for ur bbm pin it doesn't mean tat she wants to sleep with you.....#jackass After Losing HIs Dignity Yesterday ...the only Asset Sid Mallya has ... is his Twitter Handle and His Blackberry #justsayingSid Mallya becomes the first blackberry user in this world to claim that a woman was all over him. #Study Dear Sid Mallya if a lady asked for your BBM pin she probably just has bad taste. How does she become easy prey?Times view A woman's flirtatious behaviour, sharing contact details or BBM PINs shouldn't be construed as anything more than just that. If the woman is molested (as is alleged in this case), it cannot be presumed to be the result of such behaviour. It gives no-one the right to cast aspersions on her character or to malign her in any manner, online or otherwise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13309433", "title": "Mayawati rips Samajwadi Party apart on law &amp; order", "text": "NEW DELHI: The grace period usually available to new governments has ended prematurely for UP CM Akhilesh Yadav, with BSP supremo Mayawati launching an all-out attack on his dispensation barely two months after the change of guard in the state.On Saturday, she hit out at SP calling it \"anti dalit\". She alleged the SP government in UP was indulging in political vendetta, and also slammed the party's claims on law and order in the state.Usually, the Opposition gives a new dispensation at least 100 days of grace period before it starts to dissect its policies and their implementation.Addressing the media here, Mayawati said, \"To deflect attention from its failure on the law and order front, the SP government has launched probes into almost every work done by my government. The intentions of the government are not clean.\"She also used the occasion to assert that she was in full control of her party and she alone decided the issues that the party took. Attacking Congress MP P L Punia for spreading rumours that he (as her chief secretary) used to discharge all responsibilities when she was the CM thrice from 1995 to 2002, she said that in reality it is she, who mostly prepares the key points for her party leaders to speak in Parliament or at press conferences.Elaborating on her \"anti-dalit\" argument, Mayawati said that the SP government had scrapped 26 schemes started by her government for dalits and poor and renamed several other schemes named after dalit icons. \"It shows their anti-dalit mindset and negative approach on development,\" she said.Mayawati singled out the SP government on the law and order front, rattling out crime figures to show how murders, rapes and kidnappings had grown manifold in SP regime. Law and order had been SP's weak spot that led to its humiliating defeat in 2007 UP polls, and this time around it bounced back on the pledge of correcting the past mistake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13309100", "title": "Power plan approval slammed", "text": "MUMBAI: Power experts and suburban consumers on Saturday strongly objected to the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission's (MERC) move to approve the business plan of Tata Power for the next five years. They said the plan did not discuss direct tariff implications on them.Consumer activist Sandeep Ohri said, \"Approving the plan means giving approval to collect tariff dues automatically and giving rise to controversies on actual tariff which may result in legal battles between the supplier and consumers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "13309065", "title": "Kundan Vidya Mandir dancers enthral audience", "text": "CIVIL LINES: Students of Kundan Vidya Mandir (KVM) made the stage sizzle as they showed off some ''latkas'' and ''jhatkas'' at the Nitya Tarang dance competition held in the school auditorium on Saturday. The competition was a culmination of auditions that were held over the past two weeks in the school. Over 500 students from lower kindergarten right up to Class XII, participated in the auditions in seven categories.On Saturday, 158 students performed for the semi finals and finals. The audience cheered their fellow classmates, who upped the entertainment quotient.''To see such promising talent was definitely a treat. According to me every participating student is a winner,'' said chief guest Kiran Aggarwal. Principal Navita Puri said, ''Dance is an essential part of our extra curricular activities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13301639", "title": "Why Facebook\u2019s Mark Zuckerberg returned to writing code", "text": "Mark Zuckerberg has returned to writing code after a six-year hiatus from programming, a fact revealed in Bloomberg Businessweek's story today on how the Facebook founder hacked the world of Silicon Valley .Like many young entrepreneurs, Zuckerberg had given up coding to focus on running the business. So why did he recently decide to go back to his roots?As startups compete for talent, having a technical CEO can help a company stand out as a place where engineers are valued. Facebook has built its corporate culture around what Zuckerberg calls \"The Hacker Way,\" and that has helped to make the social network one of the most desired places for programmers to work. As Facebook goes public and some of its best talent gets rich, having a chief executive willing to get his hands dirty with lines of code could inspire engineers to keep focused on building the site.Some CEOs like to know code because it helps them set a realistic product strategy and communicate that to their teams.\"If you're running a Web company, and you actually understand all the technologies that are involved, you have a really good sense of whether somebody is exaggerating completion times,\" said Alex Rampell, chief executive of online advertising startup TrialPay.Rampell, who studied computer science at Harvard and wrote much of the code underlying his service, still programs to get some projects going at the 120-person company and to keep his staffers honest.\"If you ask a group of engineers 'how long will function X take,' in some cases you'll get back an answer that's too long, and more often you'll get an answer that's too short,\" he said.Other tech leaders known for their hacking chops are Jack Dorsey, the CEO of Square who wrote the original code for Twitter; Larry Page and Sergey Brin , who built the Google search engine from their Stanford dorm room; Max Levchin, the former CEO of Slide; Drew Houston of Dropbox; and Adam D'Angelo of Quora.These and other successful coders have helped set new expectations for the role of the CEO, said Aaron Levie, who runs online storage company Box.\"Business schools sort of create this vision of a CEO in a corner office far away from the actual work that's getting done, and that can't be further from the truth in the technology world,\" he said.Zuckerberg's pledge to code every day of this year may be more of a personal challenge than a professional need (in recent years, he's resolved to wear a tie every day, learn Mandarin and kill all the animals he eats). Even so, it could help him run Facebook and keep its cool factor as it becomes a publicly-traded giant.-With assistance from Brad Stone in San Francisco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "on thursday, the election commission of india (eci) and the international foundation for electoral systems (ifes) signed an mou for promoting democratic processes and good governance around the world. ifes chief william sweeney tells shobhan saxena that the world can learn a lot from india's electoral experience. excerpts", "code": "13310666", "title": "'India is a unique model for emerging democracies'", "text": "On Thursday, the Election Commission of India (ECI) and the International Foundation for Electoral Systems (IFES) signed an MoU for promoting democratic processes and good governance around the world. IFES chief William Sweeney tells Shobhan Saxena that the world can learn a lot from India's electoral experience. Excerpts:India conducts the world's biggest election exercise, but we also have problems like the use of black money in campaign. How do you view such issues?The Indian election commission is a global leader in regulation and prosecution to eliminate such abuses. Encouraging fair, open and transparent electoral practices is a perpetual challenge for election managers in every democratic country . When people trust that their voices will be heard through the electoral system and recognise the consequences of taking part in fraudulent practices, they become effective allies of India's democracy.Elections in India's neighbors such as Pakistan and Afghanistan are often marred by malpractices. Can India help them?India is in a unique position to serve as a model for emerging democracies in Central and South Asia not only because if its proximity to countries that are developing democratic systems, but also because of its long experience of carrying out elections in the world's largest democracy . The Indian International Institute for Democracy and Election Management is a perfect example of the role India can play not just in Asia, but in the world. The institute facilitates dialogues among election managers from around the world and serves as a vital repository of election expertise and resources that is truly unique.Politicians have been talking of public funding of elections, but they have not done anything to make it possible. What can civil society do to push for this?There are a lot of considerations to take into account when implementing a public funding system particularly when there is public consensus that campaign spending is a priority for tax dollars. The potential benefits of leveling the playing field in terms of spending among candidates do have to be weighed against possible consequences for limiting individual expression of political preferences and the heavy cost to the state of supporting political campaigns. Individuals and civil society organisations with strong feelings about where candidates should be receiving their money from have a powerful tool at their disposal for making their preferences heard, and that is the vote.The Arab Spring of last year has put several countries on the path to democracy . What kind of challenges do you think they will face while conducting elections for the first time?One of the first and most difficult tasks is establishing trust in the electoral process in situations where elections have been manipulated to preserve the position of past regimes. It will be a long road for these countries, but the initial steps have been encouraging .Of late, there has been an anti-politician mood on the street across the world, especially in the west. What does it mean for democracy?As long as citizens vote and believe peaceful change is a possible result of their voices/votes then democracy remains strong. We have seen governments call early elections in response to citizens demanding leaders who better represent their priorities. We have seen power shift from incumbent parties to the opposition in the US, the UK, Greece and others. Two weeks ago more than 80% of voters in France turned out for the presidential runoff election. That's a pretty clear sign that citizens are taking advantage of democracy to demand accountability and results from their leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13308826", "title": "Dadar residents throw weight behind anti-encroachment drive", "text": "MUMBAI: Dadar residents participated in a silent rally on Friday to lend their support to the civic body's anti-encroachment drive against hawkers around the railway station. Assistant municipal commissioner of G (north) ward D K Jain now finds himself in the middle of a controversy following allegations that an illegal newspaper vendor had died during the anti-hawker drive. G (north) ward officials also joined the residents in the rally.A senior office bearer of the newspaper vendors' union is from the Shiv Sena. \"We believe politicians instigated the newspaper vendors' organization to go on a strike in protest against the BMC for not taking action against Jain,\" said Ashok Ravat, member of the Shivaji Park advanced locality management.The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) had made inquiries and found that there was no truth in the allegation.Municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte said that if anyone has evidence concerning the newspaper vendor's death, he/she can approach additional municipal commissioner Mohan Adtani and further inquiries will be made.\"The allegation was that Jain had thrashed the hawker and that the hawker had died on the spot. We inquired with the police and went through the hospital records and learnt that no action was taken on that spot. So the question of thrashing does not arise. No FIR is lodged with the police. The newspaper vendor died in a hospital during treatment. He suffered a cardiac arrest and his relatives had admitted him to the hospital. There is no evidence that it happened during the hawker-eviction drive. If there is an eyewitness, we will make further inquiries,\" said Adtani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "13310124", "title": "Issue of child soldiers to be taken up with Centre", "text": "SHILLONG: The issue of child soldiers being used by militant outfits in Meghalaya and Manipur would be taken up with the Centre by National Commission for Protection of Child Rights.\"We will take suo moto cognisance and raise the issue with the union home secretary and seek appropriate actions in this regard,\" Commission member Yogesh Dube told reporters here after reviewing the status of child rights in Meghalaya on Saturday.Terming the matter of child soldiers as 'serious', he said the Government should ensure that action is taken at all levels to ensure that children be given their rights to life, education and health services. Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) in Meghalaya has been recruiting children in its fold and more than a hundred of them are at its camps in the jungle in Garo Hills, Meghalaya police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13310442", "title": "Nurse comes forward to nail \u2018marriage duper\u2019", "text": "MADURAI: A Madurai-based nurse working in Kuwait has alleged that a youth arrested for online matrimonial fraud had promised to marry her and duped her of Rs 1.5 lakh and 60 gm of gold jewellery.The nurse, Ezhilarasi, from Sholavandhan, who has now returned to Madurai, lodged the complaint after learning about the arrest of Chakravarthy (27), son of Munisamy from Panrutti in Cuddalore district, and his relative Perumal (22), a day ago. Ezhilarasi was allegedly duped by Charavarthy a few months back, but she had been making futile attempts to contact him all these days.According to her complaint, Chakravarthy approached her through an online matrimonial portal and promised to marry her. He then feigned an emergency and sought Rs 1.5 lakh from her. Hoping that he would marry her, Ezhilarasi deposited the sum into the bank account provided by Chakravarthy. Later, Chakravarthy once again contacted her and sought to meet her in Trichy. Ezhilarasi met him at Trichy, where he once again deceived her saying he urgently needed money and got gold jewels from her totalling 60 gm.After that, Charavarthy stopped communicating with her and Ezhilarasi's attempts to contact him failed. Only after she learned about the arrest of Chakaravarthy, did she realise that he had duped many women in a similar manner and lodged the complaint.Police said they had already received 17 similar complaints against Chakravarthy. Most of the women he duped were well educated, working as nurses, college professors and IT professionals, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13308855", "title": "Bikers overcharged at new parking space near station", "text": "PUNE: In just over a month since the opening of the multi-storied parking complex of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) near the Pune railway station, the private operators there have started to charge more than the stipulated parking rates for two-wheelers. PMC authorities said they would soon be putting up boards displaying the correct charges.While the PMC's stipulated charges for parking of two-wheelers is Rs 2 for the first one hour and Rs 5 thereafter up to the next 10 hours, the private operators have been taking Rs 5 for the first hour itself. The PMC has awarded a contract to a private agency to run the multi-storied parking complex for two-wheelers.Two-wheeler users, who are not aware about the rates, pay the charges as demanded by the operator. The operators claimed that Rs 5 is the rate decided by the municipal corporation. They added that they even issue receipts for the amount collected.When contacted, civic officials said it is mandatory for the private agency to prominently display the parking rates, which is Rs 2 for the first hour. The officials said that it would soon be ensured that the rates are displayed such that it can be viewed by all.The multi-storied parking complex near Pune station is exactly opposite the entrance of the MSRTC bus terminus. The PMC has constructed it as a measure to reduce traffic congestion on the roads approaching the station. The civic body has already constructed a passenger subway for safe movement of people to and from the station.While there are two other parking lots managed by the railways just near the main building, the railway authorities hope that the construction of the PMC parking complex would help ease the congestion caused due to movement of vehicles on the station premises.Meanwhile, civic officials said a four-wheeler multi-storied parking complex, adjacent to the two-wheeler parking complex, will be opened next month and that it would help to further reduce traffic congestion in the area. Parking of vehicles in the multi-storied building is more secure and safer than parking vehicles elsewhere, the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13308852", "title": "Memory cards worth Rs 1 crore seized", "text": "NEW DELHI: Memory cards worth over Rs 1 crore were seized at the IGI airport and five persons were arrested by customs officials. In the first case, a resident of Sonipat and three airport staff members were held for smuggling memory cards out of the airport. The fifth person, unrelated to this case, heard about the first arrest and panicked and was caught when he was fleeing after dumping his consignment in a washroom.VK Goel, commissioner of customs (I&G;), said they had specific information about the accused, and his association with airport staff, who was smuggling memory cards from southeast Asia.\"We arrested one Ravi Kumar along with his three other accomplices at IGI airport. Kumar, a resident of Sonipat, is a holder of Indian passport and he arrived from Hong Kong on flight TG 315 at 9.10pm and dumped a bag in a dustbin in the aerobridge area. His baggage was scanned. The polythene bag containing 32,030 Micro SD cards of 2 GB and 8 GB worth Rs 85.66 lakh, was retrieved from the dustbin,\" he said.Three airport employees - Ompal, Satish Kumar and Rajiv Kumar - have also been arrested, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13320518", "title": "BHU ranks second among Indian varsities", "text": "VARANASI: The Banaras Hindu University (BHU) has done well to climb to second spot and now it would strive to achieve numero uno position again in the country, said Rajesh Singh, chairman, Press Publication and Publicity (PPP) Cell, BHU, after a recent India Today-AC Nielson survey put BHU at number two in the list of top 50 Indian universities.Talking to TOI on Sunday, the BHU spokesperson said that it is highly satisfying that the varsity has been placed at the top on various parameters including infrastructural facilities, placements and faculties. It would strive to regain the number one position again as it did in 2010, he added.It may be mentioned here that as per India Today-AC Nielson survey report in 2010, BHU was ranked number one university ahead of Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) and Delhi University (DU). Later in 2011, the university had slipped to the third spot with DU emerging at the top. While DU has regained the top slot this year, BHU is followed by the University of Calcutta, which is ranked third while JNU has been ranked fourth in the list.The survey has considered universities which are offering arts, commerce and science streams for study. Universities offering post-graduate courses in these disciplines were considered in the survey. Institutes which focused on only one domain including IITs, NITs were excluded from the survey. A total of 160 universities were evaluated before drawing the rankings of top 50 universities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13310683", "title": "Abdul Kalam inspired ICSE topper", "text": "THANE: Shalaka Abhay Kulkarni is on top of the world. On Saturday afternoon around 3pm, Shalaka learned that her high score of 98.8%-English plus best four subjects-was the highest in India. While the 15-year-old Thane girl from Smt Sulochanadevi Singhania School is ecstatic, she is determined not to lose sight of her ultimate goal, which is getting a seat at a top engineering college after she completes Class-XII . \"I plan to do research work in the future and will be enrolling for an engineering degree,\" said the national topper. Her total in all seven subjects is 98.43%.Shalaka's proud teachers say she has always been a high achiever in school. She was the school captain in her final year and is an accomplished Kathak dancer. \"Effective time management is the key to success. I would study for two hours daily and in the last two months prior to the exams, my study timetable was four hours a day. I owe my success to the guidance I got from my teachers and the support from my mother,\" she said, adding that she's a fan of former President APJ Abdul Kalam . \"His book 'Wings of Fire' has inspired me and I had an opportunity to meet and talk to him in person,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13313628", "title": "Murali remembered in Manjadikuru", "text": "Anjali Menon's Manjadikuru, which released recently, is unique in more ways than one. The work for the film started several years back but the release was delayed owing to certain issues.Thus the film has the late actor Murali doing a small but significant role, as the brother who leaves home. \"\" Yes , I'm aware that things have changed since the film was shot. I feel lucky that my film has Murali in it,\"\" says Anjali.Murali passed away in 2009, making Manjadikuru one of the last movies he worked in. Manjadikuru also has Jagathy, who is now bedridden following a major accident in March 2012. The film is also one which was shot before the ban was placed on actor Thilakan. The actor plays the role of the grandfather on whose death the family is forced to rediscover each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13308701", "title": "Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation seeks Rs 190 crore from centre to develop Pune-Mumbai highway", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) has submitted a Rs 190-crore proposal to the Union ministry of road transport and highways for constructing underpasses and overbridges at various locations on the Pune-Mumbai highway. A seven-km stretch of the highway from Nigdi to Dehu Road is also to be widened from two to four lanes under the scheme.While the MSRDC completed a number of underpasses and overbridges when the Mumbai-Pune expressway was built, the corporation has proposed similar constructions on the highway stretch to facilitate safe movement of people.MSRDC officials said that widening of the highway has also been proposed in some areas. One of the major works will be undertaken on the Nigdi-Dehu Road stretch, where the highway will be widened to 30 metres.The seven-km stretch of the highway from Nigdi in Pimpri-Chinchwad to Dehu Road is accident-prone because of its narrow width of less than 15 metres. The entire stretch passes through the Dehu Road cantonment limits. A number of government residential colonies, defence establishments, the central school and dense residential and commercial areas are located along the highway. A railway overbridge near Dehu Road was widened two years back as this spot too was highly accident prone.The highway stretch from Nigdi to Dehu Road has a very sharp turn near the Dehu Road octroi post where a number of trucks are parked, making the spot accident-prone. A number of fatal accidents have taken place on this stretch as there is no divider along the highway. MSRDC officials said that only a four-lane highway has a divider for smooth and safe movement of traffic.Meanwhile, from Dehu Road onwards, the highway has been widened to four lanes. Just as the expressway, the highway too is a toll road. The MSRDC has already proposed to augment the capacity of the expressway to meet the requirements of increase in vehicular traffic in the future. It has also proposed to have a separate bypass in the ghat section for the expressway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13310198", "title": "Child welfare panel comes to sisters' help", "text": "LUCKNOW: Poverty stricken woman from city's Ratnakar Khand area, Rani Devi, died in the early hours of Saturday, leaving her daughters to take care of each other. However, destiny was still kind to the sisters, as the child welfare committee decided to foster them. Rani had reportedly not eaten anything properly for about a month and was admitted to Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital after some local volunteers came to know about their condition through media reports. A couple of day ago, the girls' father succumbed to his misfortune and had committed suicide.Member, CWC, Lucknow, Vinod Chandra said, \"CWC has taken the responsibility to provide proper care and protection to these children. First of all, the CWC will provide a shelter to these girls. Till arrangements are made, the girls will be sent to the protection home in Motinagar.\"When asked to comment on why the girls didn't go with her maternal uncle, he said, \"The girls said that their uncle was a man of limited means and they didn't want to add to his burden.\" However, there are rumours that the girls' uncle tried to run away with the money, which individuals and charitable organisations donated to the family.They will also try to find suitable foster parents to these children. Chandra appealed to all those who expressed concern for the children to come forward as foster parents. Those interested may contact the government children shelter home at Prag Narain Road Lucknow. Earlier, the state government had announced to put fix deposits worth Rs one lakh each in the name of the two girls. They government also assured to provide financial aid to the close relatives of the sisters, who would come forward to take their responsibility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13310235", "title": "'I regret my tweet against Nitin Raut but won't apologize'", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after his tweet on state EGS minister Nitin Raut drew flak, Anna's close aide Suresh Pathare said he regrets posting it online. \"It should have certainly not happened and I regret posting the tweet. But I will definitely not apologize since there is no reason to do that either,\" said a defiant Pathare.Anna's close aide Pathare has been the official voice of the anti-graft crusader on the cyber world ever since a previous official blog was shut due to controversy. Pathare would tweet Anna's comments, itinerary and his own personal reactions on any latest developments regarding the anti-graft movement.On Friday evening when Pathare tweeted taking a swipe at Raut's personal life, even those within Team Anna were left with no choice but to denounce it.City coordinator for India Against Corruption (IAC) Ajay Sanghi, said, \"The comment was totally avoidable and unnecessary. Any comments made by Pathare will reflect badly on Anna and the movement overall.\"He added that Pathare was probably frustrated due to the lack of action against the Indian Youth Congress Activists who attacked Anna's book sale vehicle in Nagpur. Kunal, son of Nitin Raut and general secretary of IYC, was also present.Dr Gopal Bele, who has been working with Anna since the last 12 years and heads the Gandhian's NGO in Nagpur, said, \"Such type of comments are unacceptable from anyone associated with Anna. We are supposed to be fighting at an ideological level and not a personal one. Anna has refrained from making comments on anyone's personal life and we should all adhere to that.\"EGS minister Raut told TOI that he was not surprised with Pathare's reaction. \"No wonder he did not apologize because he does not want to accept that he did something very wrong. On Friday night I was live on the phone with a Marathi news channel and Pathare was on the other line, even then he was totally adamant. All I can say is that this shows what is going on in their minds and how they are fooling people of being true followers of Mahatma Gandhi ,\" said Raut.The other top IAC leaders chose to stay away from the controversy. While Arvind Kejriwal did not reply to calls or SMSes, Kiran Bedi said she was not aware of the tweet hence would refrain from commenting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13310556", "title": "BJP men also fed up with misrule: Congress", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Congress Legislature Party (CLP) leader Ajay Singh on Saturday said that the BJP's \"misrule\" has now come to such a pass that even the supporters of the saffron brigade themselves were exposing the misdeeds of their party colleagues. \"The state needs a government of the people and not of a few people,\" he said while addressing a gathering at Bina on the conclusion of the first leg of his \"Jan chetna yatra,\" which began at Orchha in Tikamgarh district on May 11.Alleging that the BJP government has nothing to do with its slogan of good governance, the leader of the opposition claimed that BJP legislator Makhanlal Rathore's son Gajendra Singh Rathore got himself enlisted in the below poverty line (BPL) list to avail benefits under self-employment scheme. \"However, BJP's own party corporator of Shivpuri exposed it by bringing it into public,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13312519", "title": "Statistical highlights of Pune Warriors-Kolkata Knight Riders IPL match", "text": "PUNE: Statistical highlights of the IPL match between Pune Warriors and Kolkata Knight Riders on Saturday:# Brendon McCullum (41 off 43 balls) completed 4000 runs in Twenty20, aggregating 4002 at an average of31.76 in 142 matches.# Robin Uthappa completed his 400 runs, totalling 405 at an average of 27.00 in 16 games. He became the first batsman to achieve the feat for Pune Warriors in the IPL 5.# Sourav Ganguly has averaged only 17.86 in IPL 5 - 268 runs in 15 matches.# The first side to lose 12 games in the current tournament is Pune Warriors.# Pune (102/8) recorded their lowest total in the IPL, outstripping the 115 against Punjab at Mohali on April 12, 2012.# Kolkata Knight Riders (136/4) recorded their lowest total against Pune Warriors in the IPL.# Sunil Narine has claimed 22 wickets at 11.95 runs apiece in 13 games - the second highest tally in the IPL 2012, next only to Morne Morkel (25 at 16.64 runs apiece in 15 matches).# Ashish Nehra is the top wicket-taker for Pune Warriors in the IPL 5 - 11 wickets at 36.54 runs apiece in 13 matches.# The match has produced 101 dot balls - 50 in Kolkata's innings and 51 in Pune's innings.# Gautam Gambhir completed his 3000 runs at an average of 32.25 in 109 matches in Twenty20.# Shakib Al Hasan (42 off 30 balls) registered his highest score for Kolkata Knight Riders in the IPL.# Shakib has been adjudged the Man of the Match for the second time in the IPL for registering 40-plus and capturing 2 for 18 in Pune's innings.# Jacques Kallis has his 300 runs in the ongoing competition, totalling 310 at an average of 22.14 in 15 games.# Chris Gayle (706), Shikhar Dhawan (564), Gautam Gambhir (556), Ajinkya Rahane (547) and Virender Sehwag (484) are the leading run-scorers in the present competition.# Clarke is averaging 16.33 in the present competition - 98 runs in six innings.# Kolkata Knight Riders have won 10 games and lost five out of 16 played in the present tournament to be placed at the second place with 21 points in the Points Table.# Pune Warriors became the first team to have lost nine games in a row between April 24, 2012 and May 19, 2012 in the IPL, surpassing Kolkata Knight Riders' sequence of eight losses between April 27, 2009 and May 16, 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13310211", "title": "Naveen Patnaik seeks changes in mines bill", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With the controversy surrounding the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) yet to settle down, chief minister Naveen Patnaik raised the issue of federal rights yet again on Saturday, opposing certain provisions of the proposed Mines and Mineral (Regulation and Development) Bill, 2011, on grounds that those were infringing on the states' powers.Asserting that regulation of mines and mineral development were basically a state subject, Naveen, in a letter to PM Manmohan Singh , said: \"The proposed Bill, on the other hand, makes an attempt to transfer certain powers and functions now being exercised by states to the central government on its instrumentalities.\" He sought a relook at certain provisions in the Bill so as to modify or completely drop those.Naveen, who has in recent months taken up cudgels against the Union government's alleged neglect towards Odisha and also violation of the federal structure, has highlighted provisions from the Constitution to drive home his point that mines and mineral development are primarily state subject with the Centre having limited legislative powers. \"The Union shall, therefore, while making laws on mineral development, keep the above in mind and not assume to itself the supervisory role over the states,\" he pointed out.Days after propping P A Sangma as a candidate for the post of President as against the Congress' reported choice for either Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee or vice president Hamid Ansari , Naveen took up the mining law issue apparently to increase his growing political capital at the national level, analysts here feel. He had on earlier occasions flayed the Manmohan Singh-led dispensation over the different issues pertaining to the mining sector and even found support for Odisha's cause from other mineral bearing states like Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh.Dealing with the specifics of certain provisions in the MMDR Bill, introduced in the Lok Sabha in December, and subsequently referred to the standing committee on coal and steel, Naveen opposed a proposal through which the central government or any of its agency like Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM) can report, supervise or investigate into acts of illegal or unscientific mining. \"This would amount to supervision of the functions of the state government by IBM or the authority which is not consistent with the federal tenets of the Constitution,\" he noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13310286", "title": "No government will to eliminate corruption: Anna Hazare", "text": "AMRAVATI: \"I am getting overwhelming response to my mission of corruption free India. Afraid of the support I am getting, Congress activists are indulging in frivolous things like attacking our convoy. It is dictatorship of the government which is reluctant to curb corruption,\" alleged anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare . He was addressing a press conference in the city on Friday evening. Hazare has been touring Maharashtra to press the demand of Lokayukta at state level and a robust Lokpal bill in the country.Addressing further, he said that corruption is also rampant in countries like Russia, USA and China but common people do not face its heat. \"Corruption is responsible for soaring prices of the commodities,\" he said.The crusader blamed the government for not bringing a strong Lokpal bill. \"After thorough discussion on the Janlokpal bill for two-and-a-half months, five central ministers has assured to accept some demands. Even Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had given a written assurance to accept our demand but he backed out in Parliament. It is all because government is not willing to eradicate corruption from India,\" alleged Hazare.He said that when Lok Sabha polls will be announced in 2014, he will stage an agitation at Ramleela Maidan to demand passing of Janlokpal bill. The same will be done in state assembly elections as well, he said.\"After Maharashtra, we would continue our tour in the rest of the country. He further said that on one hand, the state is reeling under acute water scarcity problem while on the other hand there is mammoth amount misappropriation in the construction of water projects in the state. Around 50% water schemes have either scrapped or failed in state,\" said Hazare.When asked about his plans for 2014 Lok Sabha polls, he said that he would not join politics and would not form any political party. \"However, we will think about the option that should be given to people,\" said Hazare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13309427", "title": "Bengal makes business sense but hiccups remain", "text": "KOLKATA: From skepticism and concern to gradual acceptance and appreciation, this is how the industry's reactions to the Mamata Banerjee government changed in the first 12 months of pariborton. A lot can happen in a year. And the government's new and nuanced stance on land for private industries is proof of this.The new land reforms amendment bill, tabled in the assembly, is the most significant development on the industrial front in Bengal over the past year. This bill proposes a relaxation of two sections of the Land Reforms Act to enable industrial units to hold and transfer land in excess of the 24.2 acres. This vital amendment is expected to be a game changer and has been welcomed by industrialists and industry bodies. It will be applicable for establishing and expanding industrial parks, industrial and financial hubs, tea gardens, agro industries, power plants, tourism projects, food and bio-tech parks, IT, oil and gas, film city, airport and ship building.The new government has also introduced 'Shilpa Sathi', a single window system for industry, which promises to reduce the number of forms for industrial registration from 99 pages to just seven. It will also cut down the time taken for clearances to investment proposals from 330 days to a mere fortnight. Besides, the state government's initiative to form a high level committee, headed by likes of Sam Pitroda and Infosys chief mentor N R Narayanmurthi, has gone down well with the IT and ITeS sectors.But on the flip side, Mamata Banerjee's firm stand against SEZs has disheartened investors. This stubborn anti-SEZ stand of the government has cast a shadow on two big-ticket investments in the state. Infosys and Wipro wanted SEZ status for their proposed facilities here but due to the state government's intransigence, Infosys has put its Bengal project on hold while Wipro is going slow on it. Mamata Banerjee has said she would be open to giving the two IT giants all facilities and concessions to make them as competitive as they would have been with SEZ status but it has not cut much ice.But the main grouse of industrialists - the government's hands-off policy on acquisition of land for private industry - remains. They have argued that it is difficult to purchase land in the state for big projects because of the fragmented land holdings in Bengal. In order to get around this, the state government has already identified around 2,000 acres of land that's available with different government agencies at Naihati, Panagarh, Kharagpur, Raghunathpur and Goaltore. More such vested land is being identified and a comprehensive land bank is being compiled.That the initial skepticism among investors is changing is evident from the fresh investment proposals that the new regime has managed to bag. These include a float-glass unit at Panagarh by Hindustan National Glass with investment of over Rs 2,500 crore, a cement plant by Reliance-ADAG, new food projects of ITC and a new unit by MS Glass with a combined investment of over Rs 4,500 crore. Also, lease agreements for 15 projects with combined investment proposal of Rs 42,000 crore has been inked. These include a fertilizer plant of Matix in Panagarh, the Nayachar project of Universal Success and TVS project in Howrah.New proposals during Mamata regimeIntegrated glass manufacturing facility of Hindusthan National GlassCement unit of Reliance ADAGInvestment of ITC in foods business in a big way directly and through JVMS Glass unitLease agreement15 agreements signed for Rs 14,000 crore investmentMatix is the biggest projectNew lease agreement for Nayachar to be signed soon. USEL has proposed Rs 28,000 crore investment in NayacharProject startedTIL (formerly Tractors India) started its project in Changual near Kharagpur. The first manufacturing project to start during the new regime.PositiveSingle window system that brought down number of pages for registration from 99 to 7The new land reform policy with relaxation for industryNew format of lease agreement with industry by WBIDC in consultation with banks.NegativesNo land acquisition policy for industry. Considered as the stumbling block for big industrial unitsNo to special economic zone is likely to have impact on IT investments. Infosys has already put its project on holdNegative impact of Singur. The land is still sub judice", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13308294", "title": "Forget thieves, spend vacation in peace", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residents of Banjara Hills and Jubilee Hills can now go on peaceful vacation without any worries about burglars. All they have to do is register with the police station staff and let them know about your absence.West Zone police have decided to implement 'out station card' facility for the benefit of residents who are going on vacation. On an average, five burglaries and 25 thefts occur in these two police station areas every month and it has been observed that housebreakers are more active during the summer time when residents are out vacationing. The project was started at Banjara Hills and Jubilee Hills police station a fortnight ago on an experimental basis.To utilize this facility, a resident who is going out of town for more than two days has to register himself with the local police station by filling in details like house address, period of absence and contact numbers in the 'out station card' available with the police. Senior citizens who are unable to visit the police station can give the details by phone also.Once registered with the police, the details will be passed on to the patrolling party of the police station concerned, who will in turn keep a watch on the house during their rounds. \"Based on the recurrence of thefts and burglaries, we have identified a few 'lurking points' in each police station limits. Police personnel will be keeping watch at these points to nab the offenders. So far about 50 people have utilized the service,\" Banjara Hills ACP E Shanker Reddy told STOI.Theft by domestic helps is another crime that is frequently reported from Jubilee Hills and Banjara Hills areas. According to police, every month at least 25 thefts are reported from these two police station areas, out of which an average of five are committed by domestic helps.As a solution to this problem, police have advised the residents to first collect all details of these people before employing them and then pass on the information to local police. \"We recently arrested a woman, T Varalakshmi, who committed 12 thefts in Banjara Hills and Jubilee Hills areas in the last few years while working as a domestic help. None of the owners knew her original name or had her photograph or residential address. This made it easy for her to continue with the thefts,\" Jubilee Hills inspector D V Pradeep Kumar Reddy said.Police, after this experience, have planned to send out a proforma to all the residents who employ domestic helps advising them to conduct a proper background check and to get a photograph, address, contact number of the person before hiring them.\"Based on people's response and results, these facilities will be extended to other police stations in the zone,\" West Zone DCP M Stephen Ravindra said.To register with the police for out station card facility, residents can contact Jubilee Hills police station at 27852447 and Banjara Hills police station at 27852495.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13310466", "title": "Funny days, dark nights", "text": "The nights descended early those days, easily and rapidly blanketing a city that had large patches of unlit passages even in some of its most central locations. It marched unhindered by streetlights that stayed on till morning, the piercing rays of a million moving cars or the constant welcoming of bulbs in highrises and pubs that kept brightness alive till the break of dawn.Delhi, the capital city of a country still untouched by the 24/7 nervousness that keeps many of its restless citizens working, planning, fretting through the night these days, would go to sleep by 10pm. Midnight was a time for ghouls and djinns. So when Sudhir Dar's heavy rotary dial phone rang at 2.30am - it would be another 20 years before cellphones announced their arrival in India - the cartoonist, then working with Hindustan Times, was terrified. Who could it be? Were his friends and family alright? As he bolted out of bed and made a dash for the phone, a cold, menacing voice on the other side was waiting for him.\"What do you mean by what's appeared in today's paper?'' the man who'd woken up Dar asked in Hindi. (Aaj savere jo paper mein nikla, uska matlab kya hai?)It took a little while for Dar, groggy with sleep and disoriented by the sudden question, to figure out what was happening. The chilling interrogation continued. Close to three years after Emergency had been thrust on an unsuspecting nation by Indira Gandhi in 1975, a cabinet reshuffle was on as she ruled India again. Dar had then shown the PM at her 1 Safdarjung residence, waiting for Holi visitors with her hands dripping dark paint. The same frame had V C Shukla, her I&B; minister, walking out of the house with a blackened face. Other ministers, too afraid to enter, were peeping from the gate.When Dar refused to give an explanation at that unearthly hour to the voice on the line - perhaps one of the men featured in the cartoon - and banged down the phone, it rang again. And again. The next night, too. It just wouldn't stop.Talking of the years before that, R K Laxman, arguably India's best known and loved cartoonists, says in his book Tunnel of Time that he started drawing Britain's Harold Wilson because nothing he made on India or its politicians was cleared by the censors. That meant almost everything that wasn't fawning or fake made it to print. A Laxman cartoon that showed a lady in high heels was seen as a blatant attempt to mock Indira Gandhi. \"I was warned,\" he says in the book, \"that if I continued to indulge in this sort of disruptive activity through my cartoons, I would regret it.\" Kamala, his wife, now says Laxman was so upset with the press censorship that the couple decided to go on a long holiday. \"We went to Mauritius for a month and when we came back the Janata Party government had assumed power,\" she reminisces.Cartooning has never been an easy job in India. The political fiasco around the B R Ambedkar cartoon in an NCERT book is merely a case in point. No one in this country likes it when the joke is on them. It's funny only when the neighbour slips on the banana peel. And with its myriad sensitivities , a cacophony of cultures, a multiplicity of faiths and a mesh of castes, one never knows who will take offence at what. Thirty years into the trade, Ajit Ninan, who is now with The Times of India, says that unlike their ilk in the rest of the world, cartoonists here are forever apprehensive. He should know. He had to profusely apologise once for hurting Hindu sentiments and another time for making Christians unhappy.Often, what happens after the morning laughs is anything but hilarious. Manjul, who works with DNA these days, says it's worse in the regional centres and smaller cities. Cartoonists, uninsulated by the presence of big newspapers and a largely uncompromised international press, are far safer in Delhi. He realized this the hard way after he was literally hounded out of Lucknow . \"Oh, I have been persecuted,\" he says.It was 1993 and Manjul was working with a local newspaper in Lucknow when he drew a cartoon of L K Advani in a post-Ayodhya context. A senior BJP leader in Kanpur, who went on to become an MP, saw ho humour in it and burnt copies of the paper. He even got his goons to gherao the Kanpur bureau of the daily. \"It terrified me,\" he recounts. While that passed, he wasn't so lucky the next time when around 1994-1995 , at the time Mulayam Singh was the CM of Uttar Pradesh, he drew a few cheeky ones of the Yadav strongman. The feelers from the party came soon enough. Then one day an information officer barged into the paper's office and got the editor to declare no more cartoons of the top leaders from thereon. The gag forced the cartoonist to leave Lucknow and find a job in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13314220", "title": "Special unit to handle BCCI-IPL tax cases", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Income Tax department has created a special audit team to bring together the scattered assessment and investigation proceedings of the BCCI and the IPL spread across the country.Tax assessment of the BCCI for the financial years 2010-11, 2011-12, computation of exemption income as enjoyed by the cricket board, probe against various editions of the T20 Indian Premier League (IPL) and various state cricket associations is now being conducted by the Central tax unit of the I-T.\"As a number of offices in the country were dealing with the tax assessment of the BCCI, including charges that deal with exemptions for the cricket board, it was thought appropriate to centralise the proceedings under one unit for ease of operations,\" a senior I-T official said.Once the case is brought under a Central audit team, the proceedings are expected to be fast and are streamlined taking into account all the aspects of an organisation's income and investments.The I-T department had demanded over Rs 413 crore as tax from the world's richest cricket body, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) as per its income assessment for the year 2009-10 of which over Rs 41 crore has been paid by the body.The BCCI is also contesting the taxman's claim of withdrawing the exemption from paying tax under the charitable organisation category as per an 2009 order of the assessing office in Mumbai.The final assessment and tax liability for the various editions of the cash-rich IPL is also being computed by the department which involves the probe against various franchises and state cricket boards.According to latest data, the I-T had computed BCCI's income over Rs 964 crore for the assessment year 2009-10 for which the department had demanded tax of over Rs 413 crore.The department has also begun issuing fresh notices to state cricket boards asking why should their exemptions not be withdrawn which they enjoy being placed under the charitable organisation clause at present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13313348", "title": "Railways' anti-collision device not foolproof: CAG", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railways has been unable to develop a robust and reliable anti-collision device to prevent train mishaps despite carrying out field trials for over a decade, the comptroller and auditor general has observed in its latest report.The device's field trials are being carried out since 2000-01 and site acceptance tests and modifications are being done since November, 2006 in the 1,736 km-long Katihar-Guwahati-Ledo/Dibrugarh section of Northeast Frontier Railway at a cost of Rs 158.67 crore.\"But despite the long trial, a reliable anti-collision device (ACD) is yet to be developed so far. The ACD was not in a position to judge whether the inputs derived from the signalling systems were dependable,\" the report pointed out.It also noted out that there was no system to detect whether the ACD installed in locomotives and guard vans were defective or not.Similarly, the CAG has found despite commissioning of the train protection warning system (TPWS) in Southern Railway as a measure to prevent accident in May 2009 at a cost of Rs 49.49 crore, the trial reports indicated various failures of the equipment requiring modifications in the software.\"The performance efficiency recorded during trials was between 77 and 90 per cent as against the acceptable level of 99.9 per cent...The TPWS work commenced in 2005 in North Central Railway had not yet been completed despite incurrence of expenditure of Rs 41.54 crore,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13309240", "title": "After delay, H1N1 nasal vaccine to arrive on Wednesday", "text": "CHENNAI: After five people died after contracting H1N1 and more than 175 getting infected in the state, the much awaited supply of vaccines are expected to arrive here on Wednesday. The supply was delayed because the directorate of public health (DPH) did not okay the papers till Friday afternoon. DPH has now asked for the vaccines to be delivered at Coimbatore, Trichy, Madurai and Chennai.A day after the second person who tested positive for the H1N1 virus died in the state on April 20, the government had announced that it will buy 40,000 doses of vaccine, including 20,000 injections and 20,000 vials of nasal spray. It was mainly meant for health workers, since eight doctors and paramedical staffs were infected with the virus. While the injections reached the state about 10 days ago, the nasal sprays were stuck for more than a week.The vaccines were not air-lifted from Pune, because the directorate of public health had not given a list with the destinations where the vaccine had to be delivered and the exact requirement till Friday.\"We have 25 warehouses in the state, and the vaccines cannot be stored anywhere else. So, till the DPH gives us the letter with details on the number of doses and the districts it is required, we can't take supply from the manufacturer,\" said the TNMSC official. Director of public health R T Porkai Pandian denied any delay and said there was a problem with the tender.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13310426", "title": "Kodaikanal gets set for festivities from Sunday", "text": "MADURAI: The tourist season in the hill retreat of Kodaikanal is set to reach its peak with the commencement of the Kodai festival on Sunday.The festival, set to begin with an orchestra at Bryant's Park, would be inaugurated by state electricity minister Natham R Viswanathan. The 'two-day flower show at the park - highlight of the festival - would be inaugurated by agriculture minister S Damodaran, while cultural events would be kickstarted by tourism minister Gokula Indira.The inauguration would be followed by a debate, cultural programme by school students on May 21, kabaddi tournament on May 22, rangoli competition and Bharatanatyam performance on the next day.A pet show and mini marathon have been organised on May 24, while a hockey tournament for women and thappatam performance would mark May 25. The next day would feature a hockey tournament for men followed by cultural programmes.Tourism officials have ensured that there is adequate entertainment for tourists on all days of the festival till June 18. Several cultural troupes from across the state have been brought to Kodaikanal to keep tourists engaged.Already, there is a heavy influx of tourists to Kodaikanal and almost all rooms in the hotels and resorts have been booked. Besides, tourists from neighbouring districts, tourists from Kerala and other adjoining states are also flocking to the hill station.While the municipality has made arrangements to meet the drinking water and sanitation needs of tourists, the police have initiated measures to prevent traffic bottlenecks on the ghat road as well as in Kodainakanl town. In fact, traffic management is on top of the agenda of the police as well as tourism officials, and places have been earmarked for parking tourist vehicles.The festival will begin with an orchestra at Bryant's Park, which will also host the two-day flower show, the highlight of the celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13308376", "title": "Kidney racket accused gets bail in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two days after his arrest in the kidney racket case, nephrologist Dr Ramesh Chada has secured a bail and is a free man now. While a section of the medical fraternity termed this latest development in the sensational case as unfortunate, for others it did not come as a surprise. Even this case would be swept under the carpet just like numerous other organ trafficking cases that had come to light in the past, they said.It was on May 6 that the Punjagutta police had busted the kidney scam at Karkhana-based Hindu Clinic owned by Dr Chada and arrested two brokers Rajendra Prasad and Venkata Ramana. The arrested persons had confessed to luring the poor and needy from various parts of the state to sell their kidneys in Hyderabad. Citing too little evidence, the police kept the arrest of Dr Chada in abeyance and he was finally arrested on May 16 under Section 18 and 19 of the Human Organ Transplant Act 1994 for an \"attempt\" to buy and sell organs and under Section 420 of the IPC for cheating.Experts note that the doctor, who also happens to be an assistant professor at the state-run Gandhi Hospital, was booked only for \"attempting the offence\". Given that an attempt is considered to be a minor offence, the accused did not even approach the court for a bail. \"The scam was unearthed at the pre-surgery level. Had the surgery been performed, things would have been different. It's a sticky situation and has come in favour of the doctor,\" said a senior surgeon from a government hospital.Senior doctors note that the main problem lies with the bigger hospitals where all the liver and kidney transplants take place. \"Dr Chada may be a pawn in their game,\" claimed a senior surgeon. In fact, police investigations had revealed that several private hospitals were in touch with the two brokers, Rajendra Prasad and Venkata Ramana, and they were arranging kidneys for transplantations illegally. The accused were involved in arranging donors to various patients in Hyderabad and Bangalore among other places, according to the police.Experts rue that the state government has not bothered to take action against the doctor. Dr Vasanth Prasad, director medical education, who is the competent authority, said that the government cannot take action on its own. \"We cannot take action on our own since there is no police report. The police did not even inform us about the case,\" said Dr Prasad. Dr Prasad insisted that nothing had happened on Gandhi Hospital premises and hence no action was taken against Dr Chada. However, senior practitioners criticised the lackadaisical attitude of the government.\"Whether it is government or private, the state health department governs both the sectors. Moreover, the accused is still a government employee despite committing the offence at a private clinic,\" said a senior doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13310565", "title": "Vittala can write exam, says court", "text": "MANGALORE: Puttur fast track court on Saturday directed the Mangalore jail authorities to make all arrangements for Vittala Malekudiya, who is in judicial custody for allegedly supporting naxalites, to write his second semester examination of Mass Communication and Journalism at the Mangalore University from May 21 to 25.The fast track court directed the jail authorities to take Vittala to the university and provide him with all facilities to write examination.Belthangadi JMFC on Friday denied Vittala the permission to write exams based on a letter submitted by vice-chancellor T C Shivashankara Murthy. The VC had informed the court about Vittala's attendance shortage.Advocate Dinesh Hegde Ulepady argued in the fast track court on Saturday that Vittala should not be denied permission as he had 80 per cent attendance prior to his arrest on March 3. Dinesh argued that the university has discretionary power to permit a student to write examination, even if he faces attendance shortage, under the penalty clause.\"I brought to the notice of the court that Vittala was absent in the class not intentionally. The university may allow him to write exam using its discretionary power,\" Dinesh told STOI.Vittala, belonging to Malekudiya tribe, was arrested under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13308991", "title": "Gorai tourism zone proposal irks activists", "text": "MUMBAI: A state government-appointed planning committee has recommended converting parts of the over 10,000 acres land in the Gorai-Manori belt into 'tourism development zone' and 'development zones'.Large swathes, which were earlier, marked as 'no-development zone' and 'preservation zone', will be changed into 'green zone'.But critics like the Mumbai-based Urban Design Research Institute (UDRI) said the terminology 'green zone' is misleading as it will open up the land for farmhouses of the wealthy.The panel headed by MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana received 16,000 objections from local residents and organizations against the proposed draft development plan for the area.\"We heard objections and suggestions from the people and submitted a report to the state government last month,\" said Asthana.\"The committee notified land use in the region and restricted residential floor space index (FSI) to 1. Buildings will not be more than ground plus one storey,\" he added. A road planned through the mangroves, which leads to the pagoda, was dropped by the committee. The plan will affect six villages including Manori, Gorai, Uttan, Dongri, Tarodi, Chowk and parts of Morva.In 2007, MMRDA was appointed as a special planning authority after a controversial recreation and tourism special economic zone (SEZ) in the pristine enclave evoked strong protests from locals. Some of the villages like Gorai and Manori fall under the jurisdiction of the BMC, others like Uttan, Pali, Chowk, Tarodi and Dongri come under the purview of the Mira-Bhayandar Municipal Corporation. According to locals, more than 75,000 people in the area depend on farming and fishing for their livelihood.Lourdes D'Souza of Dharavi Beth Bachao Samiti, which was formed to challenge the SEZ, said MMRDA's new plan will wipe out Mumbai's last natural frontier. \"Our heritage and culture will be wiped out. Eight to ten ponds have been marked for recreational purposes and land around them owned by farmers will be acquired. We will oppose it,\" said D'Souza.The organization is also protesting against a bridge between Marve and Manori, stating that it will increase the influx of people. UDRI executive director and conservation architect Pankaj Joshi said the land should be used for development of affordable housing and inclusive housing in high-density clusters around public transport links to Mumbai. \"The city will lose a big opportunity to create 1.5 million houses,\" said Joshi.UDRI, which wrote to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan against the plan, said the term 'green zone' is a misnomer. \"There will be nothing green about the area once the low-density suburbanization and farmhouse construction occurs. This type of development should be renamed as a developable zone,\" it stated in the letter.The MMRDA's plan also does not leave adequate buffer around existing lakes and flood zones.\"It was pointed out that the proposed buffer zone around water bodies and lakes in the area is inadequate. This must be increased to include the entire flooding zone of the lake,\" the letter added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13310352", "title": "Three held in farmhouse robbery, two absconding", "text": "COIMBATORE: The police arrested three people from the city on Friday and seized 24 and half sovereigns of gold ornaments, Rs 56,200 in cash, and three knives. A massive hunt is on to nab two others who escaped the police. The arrested were identified as R Muthurag, 24, K Selvam, 23 and J Manikandan, 23. All three belong to Sivaganga district. The arrested were lodged in Coimbatore Central Prison on Saturday.The city has witnessed a spate of robberies in the last two weeks. However, this is the first case in which the police have made arrests.According to police, the men arrested were involved in a robbery on May 7 in a farm house in the city. A gang of robbers had entered the farm house of S Gnanasekaran, a building contractor, who was living with his wife Mallika and daughter Nisha, at Babylona Nagar in Thirumalayampalayam. They attacked Gnanasekaran and his relative P Sampath of Rajapalayam with knives and decamped with 24 and half sovereigns of gold jewelleries, Rs 95,000 in cash and a car. Two special teams were on the hunt to nab the robbers.The special team secured Muthurag from Ganapathy, who was an employee of Gnanasekaran, on Friday evening. During interrogation, he confessed to the crime and told the police that four of his friends were also involved. Based on the confession , others were arrested.\"Muthurag hatched a conspiracy with his friends. He entered the house and tied the dog's mouth with a rope. Others entered the house and assaulted two persons and decamped with gold, money and car,\" said DSP D Shanmugam, Perur sub-division.Two robbers, Karthick and Karuthapandi, who hail from Sivaganga district, are absconding. The police tried to arrest the duo. We will seize the car from them, he added.The police did not allow the media to take photographs of the accused. The police said they wanted to conduct an identification parade before the victims before releasing photographs. But the victims had informed the police that the robbers had their faces covered with handkerchiefs.Coimbatore: The cityThree robbers were arrested on Friday and have been lodged in Coimbatore central prison on Saturday. The Coimbatore rural police have seized 24 and half sovereigns of gold jewels, Rs 56,200 and three knives from them. Two robbers managed to flee from the cops and a massive hunt has been launched to nab them at the earliest.The robbers have been identified as R Muthurag, 24, K Selvam, 23 and J Manikandan, 23, all hailed from Sivaganga district.S Gnanasekaran, a construction work contractor, lives with his wife G Mallika, and daughter G Nisha in a farm house at Babylona Nagar in Thirumalayampalayam. On May 7, around 11.30pm, a gang of robbers entered into the house with knives and attacked Gnanasekran and his relative P Sampath of Rajapalayam. The gang decamped with 24 and half sovereigns of gold jewels, Rs 95,000 and a car from them.Immediately, two special teams had formed to nab the accused. Finally the special team secured Muthurag at Ganapathy in the city on Friday evening. He was working under Gnanasekaran. He confessed the crime and he told police that four of his friends also involved in the crime. Based on his confession, the police have arrested two other robbers.\"Muthurag made conspiracy with his friends. He entered into the farm and tied up a dog's mouth with a small rope. Rest of his friends entered into the farm house and assaulted two persons and decamped with gold jewels, money and car,\" said DSP D Shanmugam, Perur sub-division.Two robbers Karthick and Karuthapandi who are hailing from Sivaganga district are absconding. The police tried to arrest the duo. We will seize the car from them, he added. The police did not allow the media persons to take the robbers snaps. Because they clearly explained that they wanted to conduct identification parade before the victims. But the victims already claimed that the robbers who covered their faces with handkerchiefs and they did not see their faces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13314619", "title": "US couple's prank backfires, son gets trapped in tumble dryer", "text": "WASHINGTON: A US couple's prank went sickeningly wrong after they placed their child inside a washing machine, which suddenly started to whir into action.CCTV footage showed the couple frantically tearing at the door of machine dryer, but all in haste. The toddler was eventually freed by a member of staff after over a minute of being caught in the whirl.The couple's shared horror turned to anger at one another, with the video showing the mother walking to the table and slamming her hands down in frustration.The shocking video was posted on YouTube by a user identified as PrincessZebra, who said the child was safe now, having endured minor injuries. The video has received more than 26,000 hits, media reports said.The couple apparently took the literal sense of a sign in the laundary which read 'Junior wash $2.95' and risked their child into the dryer in a May 11 incident.The video shows the toddler's mother sorting through the laundry on a table while the father lifts the small boy and shoves him into the machine, closing its door.The auto-lock on the door caused their prank to backfire badly and as their epic fail dawned on them the couple frantically tug at the machine's door in a desperate bid to free their child.The mother ran out for help, putting her hands over her face.The father then sprinted off toward the other people while the mother continued to tug at the door handle, before running after him shortly.Eventually the drum was opened and the boy was pulled out by his father who rushed off holding the injured toddler, while the mother trailed behind him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13310640", "title": "Chen, family finally on way to United States", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese activist Chen Gaungcheng, who was at the center of a diplomatic crisis with Washington, left for the US on Saturday to pursue higher studies.The blind activist and his family boarded a flight to Newark after being taken from a Beijing hospital to the airport. The state-run Xinhua news agency said that Chen had applied to study abroad \"via normal channels\".The foreign ministry said, \"Chen Guangcheng is a Chinese citizen. China's relevant departments have handled the procedures for exiting the country in accordance with the law.\"China had earlier agreed with the US that Chen would be allowed to leave for pursuing higher studies following days of negotiations involving US secretary of state Hilary Clinton, who recently visited Beijing.The US state department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Washington was looking forward to welcoming him to the country. She expressed \"appreciation for the manner in which we were able to resolve this matter\".The anti-government activist spent 19 months in house arrest in Shandong province for running an agitation against forced abortions just before his escape to the US embassy in Beijing. He has been offered a fellowship at New York University.Chen's sudden departure causes some surprises because observers believed the government would delay giving him permission on procedural grounds. The Chinese foreign ministry had earlier accused the US of interfering in its internal affairs by sheltering the activist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13309851", "title": "Congress will bail out Shah Ruk Khan: Shiv Sena", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena leader Uddhav Thackeray has riled Shah Rukh Khan for misbehaving with a securityman of Wankhede stadium and Mumbai Cricket Association officials recently. Speaking informally to mediapersons on Saturday, Thackeray said the MCA ban on the actor would be cancelled because of Khan's excellent equations with New Delhi.\"Khan has very good connections with New Delhi. His high-placed and powerful friends in the capital will bail him out,'' Thackeray said, referring to the matinee idol's proximity to 10, Jan Path and the BCCI. The MCA clamped a five-year ban on Khan after the Wednesday fracas at Wankhede stadium. The MCA has accused Khan of abusing and assaulting its officials and a securityman as well in an inebriated condition. The actor denied that he was in a drunken state, and added that he lost his temper as the security official had \"manhandled\" his children.Saamna, the Sena mouthpiece, also lambasted Khan for creating a fracas at Wankhede. \"While Khan swallowed the humiliation heaped on him by US officials at New York airport a few months ago, he picked up an ugly fight with MCA officials,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13309927", "title": "Kerala plans special training programme for prosecutors", "text": "KOCHI: The state government is planning a special training programme for prosecutors. This follows the criticism by Kerala high court regarding the lacklustre performance of prosecutors in various cases.Director general of prosecution T Asaf Ali has submitted a project to the state government for providing training to prosecutors following reference by a division bench of the court pointing out the need for expert training.While considering a criminal appeal, division bench comprising Justice R Basant and Justice K Vinod Chandran had criticized the lack of skill among prosecutors in district courts and observed that many prosecution cases were weakened owing to errors committed by prosecutors.The duty of the prosecutor is not only to record the names of witnesses turning hostile and remove them from the list of witnesses, but also to weed out truth from the statements of the witnesses, the court had observed. Even if witnesses turn hostile, it is the duty of the prosecutors to prove the truth. Though political affiliations are taken into consideration while appointing prosecutors, the post shouldn't be used as a gift to satisfy political whims.Though many training programmes are going on for prosecutors, expert training is essential, the court said, referring the judgment to the Directorate of Prosecution for further action.\"The training for prosecutors will begin once the appointment of prosecutors in district courts is completed. New laws such as legislations on juvenile justice, right of children to education, etc would be included in the training proframme, in addition to lessons in Criminal Procedure Code, Indian Penal Code, and Evidence Act,\" DGP Asaf Ali told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13308221", "title": "Nepal drops demand for Indian diplomat's recall", "text": "NEW DELHI: The controversy in Nepal over the conduct of a junior Indian diplomat seemed to be dying down on Saturday after Indian authorities denied local media reports, which said the official had tried to incite Madhesi leaders to launch a campaign against an agreement for restructuring for states.The Indian Embassy said in a statement that media reports attributing certain remarks to S D Mehta, who is posted with Indian Consulate General in Birgunj, are misleading and factually incorrect. ``Such attributions seek to detract from the friendly relations between India and Nepal,'' it said.Government sources said that authorities in Kathmandu had reacted positively to the clarification made by Indian Embassy and dropped the demand for Mehta's recall. Nepal's foreign secretary D P Bhattarai had summoned Indian ambassador Jayant Prasad on Friday to register a protest.The media reports had alleged that Mehta met Madhesi leaders in a hotel on Thursday, and provoked them to take to streets. One of the reports said that he even offered help from India in carrying out these protests. This had led to political leaders, cutting across party lines, to demand recall of the Indian diplomat.The Indian Embassy said, ``India remains committed to supporting the Constitution-making process for the establishment of a stable, democratic and prosperous Nepal and will cooperate in the manner determined exclusively by the people and leadership of Nepal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13310222", "title": "ICSE &amp; ISC results: Uttar Pradesh's score improves, but marginally", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh put up a poor show in comparison to other states in the ICSE and ISC examinations conducted by the Council for the Indian School of Certificate Examinations (CISCE).Though the experts believe that the state's performance is slightly better than the previous year's, it could not help secure a better place on the five-point regional scale. In fact, the northern zone remained at the bottom. In ICSE (class X), overall 97.6% students passed the exam, while 96.6% cleared the ISC (class XII) examination from the north zone. The highest pass percentage in both ICSE (99.7%) and ISC (99.3%) was secured by the south zone.Divided into five regions, the maximum number of students who took ICSE and ISC exams were from the northern zone that includes states like UP, Chhattisgarh , Madhya Pradesh , Himachal Pradesh , Haryana, Punjab, Chandigarh, Delhi and NCR. The other four zones are east, south, west and foreign. From the northern zone, a total of 49,781 students had taken the ICSE exam, while 27,858 appeared in the ISC exam. This was followed by the eastern zone where 45,777 and 24,421 students had appeared in the ICSE and ISC exams respectively. The best pass percentage in ICSE was scored by the southern region (99.7%), followed by western zone with 99.1%. In the ISC, southern region again remained on the top with 99.3 pass percentage, and the western region finished second with 98%.The overall pass percentage for ICSE was 98.6% which was 0.01% more than the last year's figure. In the ISC, the pass percentage stood at 97.2% which was again up by 0.01% from the last year's percentage. Overall, the girls outshone boys in the results. While the pass percentage of girls in ICSE was as high as 99.1%, it was 98.1% for boys. In ISC, girls again did better than the boys with a pass percentage of 98.35%. The pass percentage for boys was 96.3%. Out of 1,32,282 students who had taken the class X exam from 1,706 schools in the country, 73,717 were boys and 58,565 were girls. A total of 59,356 students had taken the class XII exam, of which 32,861 were boys and 26,495 were girls.The ICSE exam was conducted in 65 written subjects, of which 23 were in Indian languages and 13 were in foreign languages. The ISC examination was conducted in 49 written subjects of which 14 were in Indian languages and six were in foreign languages.Box item:I. Schools : No of candidates appeared: Boys: Girls: Pass Percentage: Boys: GirlsICSE: 1,706: 1,32,282: 73,717: 58,565: 98.6%: 98.1%: 99.1%ISC: 805: 59,356: 32,861: 26,495: 97.2%: 96.3%: 98.3%II. ICSEZones: North: East: West: SouthPass percentage: 97.65%: 98.76%: 99.71%: 99.76%III. ISCZones: North: East: West: SouthPass percentage: 96.67%: 97.43%: 98.06%: 99.35%", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13309007", "title": "\u2018Shed the baggage of guilt\u2019", "text": "At an airy classroom in a Bandra school, young girls in salwar-kameez and burqa-clad mothers with toddlers in tow are staring at the blackboard. A middle-aged teacher with hennaed hair scribbles the word \"guilt\" on it. \"Guilt kills your ability to tide over a crisis. Never allow guilt to kill your spirit,\" the teacher tells her students, who listen in pin-drop silence.This is a class of Class IX female dropouts being coached by United Way, a social initiative that runs from Bandra's Anjuman-e-Islam's Dr Ishaq Jamkhanawala Girls' High School and Junior College. United Way's enterprise is particularly relevant now in the context of the brouhaha about hundreds of city students being failed in Class IX after the Right To Education (RTE) Act prohibited schools from failing students between Class 1 and Class VIII. Many schools like Byculla's Antonio Desouza High School and Worli's Sacred Heart High School recently failed 50% and 30% of their students respectively, and both students and parents blamed the RTE Act for this mess.United Way, however, is disapproving of this attitude. \"Don't blame the RTE Act,\" says Sarwari Hashmi, a retired principal who heads United Way's team of 10 teachers. \"The RTE wants to keep kids stress-free at a stage when they are most vulnerable. Exam phobia kills students' natural ability to think creatively. The fear of failure makes them learn by rote, which prevents them from learning beyond what textbooks dole out.\" She adds that, by the time the students reach Class IX, they are more mature and can easily cope with exam pressure, provided they have been put to regular internal tests.Many teachers have slammed the No Exams policy between Class 1 and Class IX, saying that it makes children \"lazy and spoilt\". United Way's chairman and psychiatrist Dr Syed Khurshid Hussain rubbishes the argument. \"No child is lazy and spoilt. One just has to ignite the dormant spark within him/her,\" he says.At United Way, which has been in existence since 1993, dropouts are told to first shed the \"baggage of guilt\". Ask Nasreen Khan, who gave up studies 22 years ago after she failed the Class IX exam. A desire to stand on her own feet and not be \"a permanent burden on her parents\" after she was divorced three years ago led her to United Way. \"The first thing I learnt here was to drop the stigma that I was a failure,\" she says. \"My first session with the guides removed the sense of inferiority that had bottled up in my heart. I felt greatly empowered after I cleared my Board exams two years ago because of the coaching I received here.\"Najma Abdul Qadri, a housewife and mother of two, dropped out in Class IX in 1999. Married to a Gulf-based professional, Qadri thought she would perhaps never resume studies. But then one day she contacted United Way and enrolled herself in the coaching class. \"I began with elementary studies, as I had forgotten almost everything, including writing, in the 11-year gap,\" she recalls. \"Now I am preparing for the Class XII exam.\"There are many coaching classes for dropouts in the city that charge fees which could go up to Rs 60,000 and more per annum. Dr Hussain says he had initially kept the coaching at his centre absolutely free, but then students and their parents would not take it seriously. \"In the first year, we got around 200 students but by the end of the session the number dwindled to just 10,\" he says. \"We then began charging a nominal amount-today, the annual fee for a student is Rs 2,000.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "jaisamler", "code": "13309109", "title": "Fire in power plant, goods worth crores gutted", "text": "JaIsamler: A raging fire broke out at a lignite-based power plant of Jindal group in Bhadresh area in Barmer district on Saturday, destroying items worth crores of rupees. The fire was doused after 10 hours of struggle by 10 fire tenders with the help of hundreds of employees of Raj West and L&amp;T.;Fire broke out suddenly in the plant around afternoon and spread out like wildfire gutting everything kept in the yard. The damages have been estimated to be worth crores of rupees and all work came to standstill in the commotion. It has been alleged that all items were gutted as the officers concerned did not inform the administration time.The company maintained silence over the reasons of the fire, but the question still remains as to why the company officials did not inform the management on time which could have aided in preventing the fire. The company officers informed the administration when fire spread out to a large area. The administration then called for fire tenders from the air force, the municipality and nearby areas. There was no loss of life.Barmer SP Rahul Barhat said plastics, stored items and other raw materials caught fire. He said services of the fire tenders from the air force, the municipality, Cairn Energy and Raj West were used to put out the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13312288", "title": "UN lists Kashmiri as 'reported dead' in updated sanctions list", "text": "Almost a year after key 26/11 suspect Ilyas Kashmiri was reported killed in a drone strike, the United Nations has updated his status as \"reported dead\" in a sanctions list of individuals and entities associated with al Qaida.The UN Security Council al-Qaida Sanctions committee amended on May 10 the information related to Kashmiri in its comprehensive 'al-Qaida Sanctions List'.The updated information reads Kashmiri \"reportedly deceased in Pakistan on June 11, 2011\".The updated information said Mohammad Ilyas Kashmiri \"was\" - instead of the earlier \"is\" - the commander of Harakat-ul Jihad Islami, which provided support to al-Qaeda operations.Kashmiri was among nine militants believed killed in a drone strike carried out by the US on June 3, 2011. However, he is still listed among India's most wanted terrorists.Media reports of Kashmiri's death in the past have turned out to be inaccurate with the dreaded militant resurfacing later.Just days after his death was reported in June last year, a media report in Pakistan said the chief of the Harkat-ul-Jihad al-Islami is still alive and active in the border areas of Pakistan and Afghanistan.A photograph said to be of Kashmiri's corpse that was issued by HuJI actually turned out to be that of a member of the Lashkar-e-Taiba team that attacked Mumbai in November 2008.HuJI had also issued a statement that had said the Harkat-ul-Jihad al-Islami 313 Brigade \"confirms the martyrdom\" of its leader Kashmiri in a US drone strike on June 3, 2011.The statement had said the militant outfit will take \"revenge\" for Kashmiri's death from the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13310113", "title": "North East girls fare better than boys in ICSE, ISC", "text": "GUWAHATI: The results of ICSE and ISC, conducted by the Council for Indian School Certificate Examination (CISCE), were declared on Saturday and this time too girls have fared better than boys in the northeastern schools. However, there is no separate data for the northeast students as the CISCE does not have a separate zone for the region.The students of Assam Valley School in Sonitpur district have done very well in both the ICSE and ISC examinations. Manjit Bora, a senior official of Assam Valley School said, \"Though 101 candidates appeared for the Class X exams and 77 students appeared for Class XII exams, we have a 100 per cent pass percentage. Uttara Thapa Marak is the all-India ISC topper in the Humanities stream. Her aggregate percentage is 98.75 per cent and she scored 100 out of 100 in History and Political Science.\"\"Pushpak Chamaria is the ICSE topper with 97.20 percent. The overall pass percentage is 100 per cent, so we couldn't be happier,\" Bora said.The results of the only ICSE affiliated school in Guwahati, Sanskriti the Gurukul, also recorded a 100 per cent pass percentage. Ashutosh Aggarwal, founder secretary of Sanskriti the Gurukul said, \"In Class X, 41 students appeared and all of them fared brilliantly. Anushya Goenka, who scored 96.8 per cent, is the topper from class X. She scored 100 in mathematics. Besides, around 12 students scored above 90 per cent and around 24 students scored between 80 to 89 per cent.\"Aggarwal said that 15 students appeared for the ISC examinations and all of them cleared the exam. Sipra Goenka topped with an aggregate of 91 per cent. \"Two students scored above 90 per cent and 5 students scored between 80 to 89 per cent,\" he said.The results of the ICSE schools in Shillong have also been satisfactory. Around 130 students appeared for the exam from St Edmund's School; out of which, 128 candidates cleared the exam. HWT Syiem, principal of St Edmund's School said, \"The results have been good and two students who could not clear the exam.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13309185", "title": "Government buildings violating fire norms under lens", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Fire and emergency services wing of the Chandigarh municipal corporation has found three government buildings in violation of the fire safety norms. Notices have been served to the authorities concerned and the same have been given three months' time to remove all anomalies and make the buildings fully equipped with fire safety norms. They have also been told to submit a report in this regard.The buildings include mini secretariat of Haryana, controller of defense accounts and government multispecialty hospital, Sector 16.According to information, in a mock drill at the mini secretariat, it was found that the building was unsafe from fire safety point of view. Smoke detector and public address system was non operative while there was no water pressure in the pipes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13310317", "title": "Prime Minister's office delegation meets Ganga warriors amidst protest", "text": "VARANASI: The Prime Minister office sent its joint secretary Shatrughan Singh and Clean Ganga Mission director Rajiv Sharma to the city on Saturday to hold talks with the Ganga warriors. However, the delegation had to face massive protest by supporters of the Ganga Seva Abhiyanam. The messengers left the city for Delhi with an assurance to provide information about the PMO's decision on the outcome of their meeting with Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand and Swami Avimukteshwaranand Saraswati within 24 hours.Joint secretary Shatrughan Singh and Clean Ganga Mission director Rajiv Sharma had arrived in the city as the PM's messengers on Saturday. Initially the two, along with the officials of the district administration and UP Jal Nigam, visited Shri Vidya Mutt on Kedar Ghat to hold a closed door meeting with Swami Sanand.During the over-an-hour-long meeting with Sanand, the officials discussed several policy matters, though they refused to disclose any point of the discussion. It was stated that they also asked the reasons from Swami Sanand regarding his denial to attend the meeting of the National River Ganga Basin Authority held under the chairmanship of PM in New Delhi on April 17.Later, in late afternoon, they visited the SPG Divisional Hospital to ask after the health condition of other seers including Devi Purnamba, Brahmchari Krishnapriyanand and Gangapremi Bhikshu. With the spread of the news regarding their hospital visit, scores of Save Ganga Movement activists gathered in and around the hospital. When the officials entered the office of the superintending-in-chief of the hospital's office for holding another closed door meeting with Swami Avimukteshwaranand, the supporters started raising slogans outside the meeting venue.The meeting continued for more than 90 minutes after which a high drama ensued on the hospital campus. The Save Ganga Movement supporters, including women and members of minority community, became livid when Swami Avimukteshwaranand informed that the officials had tried to know the problems being faced by the Ganga and their solutions.On seeing their anger, Shatrughan Singh tried to calm the agitators. But, as the official expressed his inability to reveal or promise more, the agitators went on a rampage. While some of them grabbed his legs, most of them sat in front of the cars to stop the officials from being taken to the airport. When this high drama continued for several minutes and the Lahurabir-Maidagin Road also got blocked, the district officials appealed to Swami Avimukteshwaranand to help control the mob. The situation normalised when the seer intervened and the movement supporters allowed the officials to go, but only after issuance of an assurance of being informed of PMO decision within 24 hours.Regarding the points discussed during the meeting, Swami Avimukteshwaranand said the PMO officials were seeking details of the problems being faced in keeping the Ganga clean and also tried to know their solutions. The officials did not make any comment on any issue, he said, but they said all the messages and concerns of the seers, including Swami Sanand and Swami Avimukteshwaranand, would be conveyed to the Prime Minister, after which the report of further developments would also be passed on to the seers.Swami Avimukteshwaranand said while discussing the policy matters, the officials raised concerns like, if compromises were made on the issue of the Ganga, similar demands could be raised for other rivers in future. But, he said, the officials were informed, like the honour paid to the National Flag as per the law is not applicable to other flags, the compromises made for saving the Ganga cannot become an example for other rivers. He said the Ganga was deeply associated with the faith and civilization of the country, hence it should be saved at any cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13308944", "title": "Release Western Ghats report, Delhi high court tells environment ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a rebuff to the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), the Delhi High Court has dismissed its plea against making public an ecology report on the Western Ghats.Justice Vipin Sanghi upheld a Central Information Commission (CIC) ruling asking MoEF to disclose the summary of the Western Ghats Ecology Panel (WGEEP) report authored by Madhav Gadgil to an RTI applicant. The HC also refused to tinker with another CIC directive to ensure all reports of commissions and special panels are posted on the ministry's website within 30 days of being received.\"The scientific, strategic and economic interests of the state cannot be at cross purposes with the requirement to protect the environment,\" the HC noted, pointing out that by challenging the CIC ruling, the \"endeavour of MoEF appears to be to withhold the WGEEP report so as to curb participation of the civil society and interested environmental groups as also the common man who is likely to be affected by the policy as eventually framed\".The HC also rejected MoEF's apprehension that disclosure of the WGEEP report would impede the decision-making process. It said the broad-based participative process of debate would help MoEF and the states in arriving at a policy decision, which is in larger interest and for public good.In April, the CIC had directed the Centre to furnish a copy of the summary of the WGEEP report and another one on the Athirappilly Hydro Electric Project in Kerala to RTI applicant G Krishnan. MoEF cited two grounds to defend non-disclosure of the report. First, it argued that the report was not final, and second it still had to incorporate the state governments' views. Publication of the report would lead to a spate of applications seeking notification of certain areas as ecologically sensitive, MoEF feared.\"It can't be said that the said report is not final. What is not final is the governmental policy decision on the aspects to which the WGEEP report relates. The said report is one of the ingredients, which the MOEF and the concerned states would take into consideration while formulating their policy in relation to the Western Ghats ecology,\" the HC said.The WGEEP panel, headed by Madhav Gadgil, was constituted in 2010, and has 13 members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13310130", "title": "Art exhibition by Brahmaputra beach lures many", "text": "GUWAHATI: The white beach by the mighty Brahmaputra was turned into an open space art gallery where artists and green activists made an attempt to tell the world the corrosive effects of rapid urbanization on culture and ecology through their art dispositions.Artefacting, an international non-profit social art organization arranged a public event 'Global Village 2012' at Cut Cherry Ghat on Saturday. The event was well attended by Assamese artists, photographers, students of architecture, musicians and local enthusiasts. Krishna Bora, a student of the famous Samugri Sattra also took part in the event to showcase the richness of Sattriya art and culture.Through the event, an attempt was made to acquaint people with the richness of Majuli art and culture and to encourage natives to relive the beauty of Sattriya art and culture.The unique combinations of art installations like traditional Sattriya Akash Bonti ( tall bamboo arches with small niches in between to hold earthen lamps ), Sattriya Mukhas (masks made out of cane and bamboo), an iron tree adorned with red pieces of cloth, canvas murals, miniature cardboard houses representing the riverine island of Majuli, an entrance made of canes in the a form of a circle was embellished with gunny bags and the general canvasses with pictures of Majuli were set up to tart up the event.\"We want people to know the effects of urbanization on North-east art and culture. A similar event has been arranged in Kohima. Last year, we did a project at Dharavi in Mumbai to put forth the fact that the place has lot to offer other than its slums. The concept of Global Village where traditional cultures no longer exist in isolation but have now become inter connected global cultures, and we will try to identify the prevailing culture of modern North-east India,\" Parasher, a filmmaker and member of Artefacting said.Netherlands-based artist Arnie said, \"The region has lots to offer and learning about the diversity and richness of the place along with its art and culture has been a different experience altogether. We have sent photos of the exhibition for the Amsterdam Photo Biennale. The Dharavi project was also showcased at Queens Museum in New York City.\"Annalisa Ladicicco, hailing from New York who co-designed the Metallic tree and made the Circle of Transition said, \"Such works are open to interpretation and we got an opportunity to convey our message to the people through this exhibition\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13310777", "title": "Dempo may lose Asian Champions League slot", "text": "PANAJI: Dempo Sports Club's cherished dream of being a part of the high profile and cash-rich Asian Champions League may in fact be a non-starter.The winners of the I-League are seeded directly into the playoff for the Champions League with the winner qualifying for Asian football's top tier club competition, while the losing side gets to play in the AFC Cup.Dempo have qualified for the AFC Champions League playoff, but with protesting clubs refusing to fulfill the national club licensing criteria, the I-League champions will be robbed of a chance to take a shot at some of the highest profile teams in the continent. \"The ball is entirely in the court of the clubs. They have to agree to fulfill the criteria first for India to stake a claim for a place in the Champions League,\" said I-League CEO Sunando Dhar.The last date for submission of all papers is May 31.The clubs - on a warpath with the AIFF - have refused to adhere to any licensing criteria till IMGReliance, Indian football's marketing agents, provide them with a blueprint for Indian football. The clubs, almost all of whom are making losses, are also demanding a share of the revenue besides demanding a bigger say in the running of the league.\"We had a meeting with AFC officials earlier this month where we had an assurance (from them) that India will get a Champions League slot. But if we do not get the papers (from the clubs) we will be left with no choice but to forego the opportunity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13309699", "title": "For rail officials, it's mixing business with pleasure", "text": "Nashik is gradually becoming a favoured destination of railway officials to spend their weekends, thereby mixing business with pleasure, to the extent that railway employees have started expressing their annoyance. Senior railway officials have been visiting the ancient pilgrim town of Nashik during weekends, some with families in tow. After using the railway facilities and conducting inspection of the Nashik Road railway station and a couple of meetings with local railway officials, the visitors move out of the railway property on pilgrimage. The favourite destinations of the visitors during the Nashik visit include the Trimbakeshwar temple which is 30 km from Nashik city and Shirdi, which is about 100 km in Ahmednagar district, besides local temples around Godavari.What has irked local railway employees and officials is that whenever a senior railway official visits Nashik, the locals have not only to ensure that the railway station, offices, workshops and other railway properties are clean, but have to wait on the VIP visitor. The whole weekend exercise could be a joyful experience to the visitors, who not only perform their duties of conducting \"inspection\"and \"meetings\", but also get spiritually enriched, but not for the local staff. For the local employees, however, it is the weekend going waste as they are not able to enjoy their weekly off and unwind.Annoyed railway employees affiliated to the Central Railway Mazdoor Sangh had staged a dharna at the Nashik Road railway station earlier this week, to focus attention on several issues, including the VIP visits. A memorandum was also submitted to the higher authorities on the woes.However, that has not deterred the stream of VIP visitors. On Saturday, the general manager of central railway Subodh Jain visited Nashik. He not only conducted an inspection at the railway station and met local officials but also visited Trimb keshwar for some ritual.At octroi post, a change of guardAfter the change of guard in the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) in the elections held recently, when the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) wrested power from the Shiv Sena, the civic body has changed its policy on its crucial revenue earning system. The collection of octroi that was privatised by the erstwhile Shiv Sena, has been reversed, with the NMC taking over from Saturday, notwithstanding the apprehensions of the civic administration about meeting the target. While it is a small victory for the MNS to have reversed a decision taken two years ago by its bete noire Shiv Sena, the NMC is faced with an uphill task in meeting the octroi collection target. If it does not, it would eventually hit the dream projects of the MNS, which claims to be the party that works for the people.The Shiv Sena had privatised octroi collection two years ago as the civic body was expected to collect more than Rs 350 crore but was not able to. The civic leaders then had said that the privatisation would root out malpractices and lethargy of municipal staff deployed at the octroi checkpoints, thereby increasing the revenue. The revenue did increase, exposing the lapses in NMC's collection process. During the last financial year, the octroi revenue was about Rs 525 crore and in his budget proposals for 2012-13, the officiating municipal commissioner P Velrasu, who is also the district collector, had strongly advocated the continuance of the private collection of octroi. He had also set a fresh target of Rs 656 crore for the current financial year. However, the MNS controlled NMC resolved to end privatisation and take over octroi collection from May 19 as the contract with the private agency expired on May 18. The civic administration headed by Velrasu is now facing a tough task in meeting the octroi collection target which has been scaled down to Rs 603 crore.Jittery babusPoliticians have got stereotyped as incompetent, selfish and arrogant, for obvious reasons. Their intrigues, nepotism, high-handedness, hypocrisy and penchant for violating rules have made them favourite punching bags of the masses. However, the well educated bureaucracy that is supposed to enforce the law appears to have been influenced by the political masters. There have been cases like the Adarsh housing scam where some bureaucrats and politicians allegedly teamed up to share the spoils.The overall morale of the bureaucracy appears to be so low that it is not able to fulfil its routine chores and is perennially sceptical about meeting targets assigned to it. For instance, the state government had set a target of planting 4. 90 crore trees in Nashik district and officials were expected to start planting the saplings from June this year. The concerned officials were jolted by the target that they felt was too high and impractical. With persistent efforts, the target was drastically reduced to 40 lakh.Surprisingly, the concerned officials are not comfortable even with the reduced target and are expressing scepticism over achieving it.It is learnt that fresh efforts are being made to get the target reduced further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13310495", "title": "Cash, ornaments worth lakhs stolen", "text": "BHOPAL: In a broad daylight incident of theft in Shahjanabad, unidentified person broke open the house of a trader and made away with cash and valuables worth lakhs of rupees. The police said victim Madanlal Gupta and his family had left for Ujjain in the morning. But before they could reach there, they got a call from a relative that the house had been burgled. Subsequently, they rushed back. The exact amount of valuables stolen is yet to be disclosed by the family, the police added.As per the family members, around 800 grams of gold, silver and Rs 10 lakh cash was stolen in the incident. Gupta's son Satyam was married a month back and the jewellery, cash and gifts received in the marriage has reportedly been burgled.Police suspect involvement of only one person in the case, as a relative of the victim's family who resides behind their house claimed to have spotted a person running on the roof. It was also reported that the accused was carrying a knife in his hand. Investigations were on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13309274", "title": "No parking slots in Sector 38", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a city which has the largest number of vehicles per capita in India, parking has obviously become a herculean task. And finding a parking slot in Sector 38 market is an impossible task. Why? Because there are no parking slots here!It seems that after developing the parking area here, MC had completely forgotten to mark the slots. During evening, it's impossible to find a parking because of haphazardly parked vehicles. Apart from the attractive food joints, another reason for the chaos is a big park dividing the two markets in the sector. Residents often come here in their cars to relax and rejuvenate in the park.Resident of Sector 39, Suneet Kumar, said, \"Often people only see their convenience while parking their vehicle and are least bothered how the other person will manage. This leads to haphazard parking.\"Resident of Sector 38, Vijay Lakshmi, said, \"Most of the times two-wheelers and four-wheelers are parked together resulting in space wastage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13310911", "title": "Rajkot chalks out plan to check monsoon woes", "text": "RAJKOT: The district collector has ordered to set up monsoon control rooms in each taluka from June 1.In a pre-monsoon alert meeting with deputy collectors and other senior officials of the district administration on Saturday, collector Rajendra Kumar asked them to make extensive preparations to meet eventuality of floods in the forthcoming monsoon.\"The collector asked officials to prepare a list of catchment areas of the dams which receive excessive water during monsoon and start overflowing. He also asked for the list of low-lying villages in the catchment areas of the dams which generally bear the brunt of floods,\" said a district administration official.Officials were asked to check causeways and put railings around them before June 1. The collector also asked them to place signboards of warning at the causeways as part of pre-monsoon preparations.Apart from flood control, the district administration has alerted the health department to keep doctors' teams to provide help in flood rescue operations. That apart, the collector has ordered the police department to select personnel and provide them with training for disaster management and rescue operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13310535", "title": "Now, get cheap drugs at Red Cross", "text": "BHOPAL: Medicines and surgical equipment sold through the Red Cross Society will be priced 30% to 40% cheaper.A decision to this effect has been taken at a meeting of the district general body of Red Cross Society here.Addressing the meeting, collector Nikunj Shrivastava said that Red Cross affiliated medical stores are meant for charitable purposes and not for commercial purpose.Government-run JP hospital and Sultania hospital have more than once in the past objected to the Red Cross medical shops in their campus, selling medicines at market rates.Last year the general body had decided to hike the discounts on medicines in these stores from less three per cent to an average of 10% to 20%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13310085", "title": "State's missing youngsters have joined Maoists", "text": "GUWAHATI: At least 300 state youths who have been gone missing from their homes over the last two years are suspected to have joined the Maoists. Assam Police recently carried out the survey to track Maoists recruits in all districts of the state and came to a conclusion that these youngsters have joined the rebels. At present the Maoists in the state are guided by the Upper Assam Leading Committee with top leader Aditya Bora as its secretary. Bora, who was arrested in Jharkhand last year, was released on bail and since then he has jumped bail.\"There are about a hundred listed Maoists cadres in the state and it is very likely that the rebels have launched a recruitment drive. These 300-odd youths left their homes in the last two years mostly on the pretext of taking up jobs elsewhere. They have not communicated with their families ever since and are untraceable. There is good chance that they have gone underground as Maoist recruits,\" a security source said.The developments have been reported mostly in Kokrajhar, Baksa and Udalguri districts bordering Bhutan, Dhemaji, Tinsukia districts bordering Arunachal Pradesh and Golaghat and Sibsagar districts bordering Nagaland. The source added that most of these youths are from districts bordering Bhutan, Arunachal Pradesh in the north and Nagaland in the east. \"A significant number of youths from Adivasi-dominated areas are also suspected to be among them,\" the source added.Unlike the pattern in other states, the initial recruits in Assam have mostly been from communities other than Adivasis. \"The general trend in other states shows that recruits are mainly from marginalized groups of the population, but that has not been reflected yet in Assam. There is just a sprinkling of Adivasi youths among the listed cadres,\" the source added.\"The Adivasis here live under relatively better condition than their brethren in Chattisgarh, Jharkhand or Orissa. The pattern so far seen here is wherever governance has failed and Ulfa is on the wane, Maoists have moved in. The Reds have also trained their eyes on mass protests for picking up potential cadres,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13309797", "title": "Kerala plans online portal to help job hunters", "text": "KOCHI: A monster of an idea to provide naukri to skilled graduates of the state is on the anvil.Kerala's labour ministry is launching an online job portal to facilitate recruiters to reach out to the state's job seekers. The portal, modelled after big names like Monster and Naukri, is being launched by the Overseas Development and Employment Promotion Council (ODPEC), the recruitment agency under the labour ministry.The website - www.odpec.kerala.gov.in - will be available by mid-June. It will be complete with alert mechanism including email notes and notifications.ODPEC is following time-tested revenue model and has made the website free for job seekers and career aspirants. But recruiters may have to pay a fee to ODPEC for the services, said G L Muraleedharan, its managing director.\"Any job aspirant can register as we will be catering to both skilled and unskilled job seekers,\" Muraleedharan said. \"A relatively small fee would be charged from job seekers also. But the Kerala government hasn't taken the final decision on this,\" he said. The payment gateway for the portal is being set up by the State Bank of Travancore. \"ODPEC's manpower division is currently focussing on international recruitment, but the online portal will mark our entry into the domestic market,\" he said. The state has 4.3 million unemployed registered with the employment exchanges in the state. One of the groups that the new portal will be focusing on is engineering graduates in the state. \"We have around 36,000 engineering graduates passing out every year and only 30% of them get campus placements. Our aim is to cater to the rest ,\" Muraleedharan said.Thiruvananthapuram-based ODPEC, founded in 1977, till last year had recruited only 6,000 candidates over its 34 years of existence. But lately, the council had ramped up its activities.Last year it recruited doctors for Saudi Arabian health ministry from Srinagar, Bangalore and Hyderabad. It also recruited 45 skilled workers for a shipyard in Singapore this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13308652", "title": "ICSE results: Youngsters do Gurgaon proud with outstanding performance", "text": "GURGAON: CISCE schools students in the city have done well by and large giving moments of joy to their parents on Saturday when results for Class X and Class XII were out.Nidhi Singh of Scottish High International School in Gurgaon topped Class XII in the NCR with 97.75% in the commerce stream, followed by Laksh Pal Singh of The Shri Ram School (Aravali) with 97.25%. Poonam Jangra of Lt Atul Kataria Memorial School topped Class X in Gurgaon city with 97.40% followed by Ananya Singh of The Shri Ram School (Aravali) with 97% and Esha Swaroop and Karun Singh with 96.8%.Laksh Pal Singh, of the commerce stream, has been fond of sports and loves to spend time with his family. He has planned his career well after pursuing bachelors in commerce or economics and then master's in business administration (MBA).Mark Parkinson, director of Shri Ram School said, \"We are proud of the children of our school because they have performed very well in their exams. The students of both the schools have topped in the commerce stream with equal marks and the student of the humanities has topped from DLF III branch.\"The toppers were followed by Samira Bose of The Shri Ram School DLF III topped humanities with 96.50% in humanities and Astha Singh of Scottish High International School topped the science stream with 97.25%. Astha, daughter of doctor parents, was thrilled to bits. \"Even though my parents are doctors, I have a different plan for myself. I'll pursue economics honours in Delhi University and then look for an international platform,\" she said.Saturday being a holiday, the parents accompanied their children to their schools to see the results. Some of the students were disappointed with their results. According to Sudha Goyal, principal of Scottish High International, said, \"We are proud to see the commendable performance of the students of our school. The students have performed really well and Nidhi was declared NCR topper which was a pleasant surprise for all of us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13309745", "title": "School asked to explain norm violations following complaints", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik municipal corporation's (NMC) education department issued a notice to Netaji Subhashchandra Bose Education Trust's Brooklyn Birdies European English school on Wednesday, demanding explanation for the complaints by parents' immediately, failing which the school's sanction would stand cancelled.\"The school has been issued notice for not forming a parent-teachers association (PTA), for not paying teachers according to decided salary, for not solving the grievances of parents, and for not accepting fees paid by the students. Last year, parents whose children belong to this school also complained that the school had promised CBSE (Central Board of Secondary Education) certification to the parents but that was not the case. We found out that the school did not have permission for the CBSE pattern,\" informed education officer, Nitin Upasani.He said that none of the norms were adhered to by the school and that strict action would be taken against the school if they did not respond to the notice immediately.Meanwhile, the headmistress of the school, Sophia Qureshi, when contacted, said that she did not receive the notice as yet and will address the issue only after reading it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13309627", "title": "South India leads the way in ICSE/ISC results", "text": "BANGALORE: Schools from the southern region repeated their sterling performance of last year when they had the best pass percentage for both Class 10 and Class 12 ISCE/ISC results. Many schools secured 100% passes, with many students getting centum in key subjects.In ICSE, the southern region had a pass percentage of 99.76%, followed by the western region (99.71%). Only 54 students couldn't make it this time. In ISC, 28 were unsuccessful as against 4,288 students who passed. Across India, the southern region has the highest percentage of girls, 49.11%, for ICSE and 47.71% for ISC.School Vivekananda had 24 students appearing for ICSE. Of these, 10 students scored above 90%, over 11 scored between 80% and 89%; the lowest was 75%.\"The result this year has been very good. All credit goes to the students. It was a balance of academic and non-academic activities. We focus on team work, and this batch did excellently in that respect. Girls have again done better than boys,\" said School Vivekananda principal Amitha Sireesh.At Clarence Public School, all the 34 students passed in first class. \"Boys this year did exceptionally well. We also have two centums. The overall result is excellent. The kind of revision work the students were subjected to did wonders. Remedial classes also came in handy for us,\" said Nimmy George, principal, Clarence Public School, JP Nagar.Some schools which joined the list of cent percent first class include RV Public School, New Horizon Public School and Vidya Shilp.ISCE resultCategory --- Boys -- GirlsPass - 72380 --- 58070Unsuccessful - 1337 -- 495Total --- 73717 -- 58565ISC resultPass - 31665 -- 26057Unsuccessful - 1196 -- 438Total appeared --- 32861 --- 26495", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "13309600", "title": "Private schools threaten to close down over below poverty line seats row", "text": "AMBALA: Owners as well as representatives of private schools across the state on Saturday threatened to lock out schools, demanding immediate withdrawal of Haryana Education Rule 134A, recently notified by the government.The rule binds government schools across the state to admit 25% students from families of economically weaker sections (EWS) category or those having the below poverty line (BPL) status, in nursery and kindergarten levels.This has been implemented along with the notification of Right to Education (RTE) Act, which has similar provisions.Representatives of around 10,000 private schools resolved this during the day-long seminar held at Gandhi ground of Ambala Cantt, which was packed to capacity.\"It is only in Haryana where the government amended the education law and is forcing private schools to admit such students. In other states, governments have implemented RTE and are providing financial aid to such schools,'' Rajender Sharma, president of Haryana Private School Owners Association, said.\"We are already charged commercial rates for water, electricity, sewage and other levies,\" Sharma added.Another leader of the union, Kulbhushan Sharma, said, \"Under RTE, our expenses can be reimbursed, but the rule made by Haryana government give no financial assistance to us for providing free education to children from weaker sections.\"Sharma added, \"If private schools are forced to bear the expense of 25% seats, they will be left with no option, but to close down the institutions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13312472", "title": "My father was my guide: Prabhu Deva", "text": "TOI reader Tanvi Gupta learns at least one move from her poster boy Prabhu Deva, whose every step she's been following ever since he startedTanvi Gupta may be busy preparing for her final year of college but she always finds time to shake a leg or two. She loves to dance. When we told her she could meet Prabhu Deva, her icon, she said, \"I have always believed in wishful thinking. Look where it has got me.\"Just before the meeting, she was both thrilled and frightened. As she waited outside St Andrews Auditorium, she said, \"I have so many questions to ask him, I hope I don't get tongue-tied.\" But when Prabhu Deva arrived, smiling and comfortable, she launched into a conversation. Prabhu Deva was surprised she knew so much about him. \"I'm your biggest fan,\" she said.When she asked the director of Rowdy Rathore , known as 'India's Michael Jackson', how his journey began, he told her something not many know. \"I started as a classical bharatanatyam dancer. I was the first one in my family to learn this. Gradually, I learnt new dance forms and each one inspired me to learn more. I was compared to Michael Jackson only after years of practice,\" he said.Tanvi was pleased to have something in common with her icon. \"I have been learning bharatanatyam for seven years.\" She asked him if his father, a former choreographer, inspired him to take up dancing. \"He was a compelling force. I don't mean that he forced me to start dancing. He was my guide but also gave me the liberty to choose what kind of dance I wanted to learn.\"Tanvi, curious about the other stars he interacts with, asked him, \"How was it working with Akshay Kumar for this film?\" Prabhu Deva replied, \"Akshay Kumar is the most hard-working person I have ever met.\" Deva's next project is as an actor for a film titled Any Body Can Dance . The film uses performers from the television programme Dance India Dance. Tanvi wonders if they are able to match up to his standards. But the dancing star is humble. \"They are superb. Sometimes I feel I may not keep pace with them. There is so much talent in our country, it's overwhelming.\"Finally, she asks him to teach her the hand movement recently made popular by the song Chinta ta ta from Rowdy Rathore . She has been trying to watch the video and learn it. She tells us, \"It was quite puzzling to get it right at the start, especially when Prabhu did it with so much ease. My hands flew all over the place because it was tough for me to coordinate my left and right hand. It was a funny sight.\" She did eventually get it right.\"I have been dancing for years but because of my studies I don't get much time to practise. I learn by watching videos. Since dance is such a huge and essential part of both our lives, do you have any tips for me?' Tanvi asked. He sums up his advice in one sentence: Never stop dancing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13309883", "title": "Car-clamp case turns turtle for traffic cell", "text": "PANAJI: The trial of a car owner for stealing the clamp and lock put on the tyre by traffic police for breach of parking rules ended in the owner's acquittal by a local court.Securing the conviction of Nigel Alister Alcasao, 24, for allegedly committing theft of government property valued at 1,400, turned into a wild court chase for traffic police.On October 15, 2010, personnel of the Panaji traffic cell clamped an Alto car parked on a pedestrian crossing near Hotel Fidalgo at 4.40pm. The next day police did not find the car at the spot. Subsequently, police secured the presence of the owner with the car for investigation.Police claimed that they searched the car and seized the lock and clamp. On the other hand, Alcasao argued that on the day of the incident the car was in his uncle's possession. Alcasao's uncle, incidentally, died in January 2012. Referring to the deposition made by the two policemen during the trial, judicial magistrate first class Kshama M Joshi held that there is no record to show that the personnel had clamped the vehicle parked on the zebra crossing. There is also no station diary entry that the vehicle was clamped, the judge stated.Further, the court observed that there is no evidence to show that the clamp had any identification mark or that it belonged to the traffic cell. The court noted that the prosecution had also failed to prove that the clamp and the lock were attached at the instance of the accused.\"The prosecution has failed to prove that it was the accused who was in possession of the said car on the relevant day and that the accused had taken the clamp and the lock. Besides, there is also a doubt as to whether the clamp or lock was put on the said car as alleged by the prosecution,\" the court observed.During the trial it also came on record that the traffic cell had not issued a challan or initiated proceedings for violation of traffic rules in this case. A witness during the attachment panchanama of the clamp and lock also turned hostile during the hearing. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "13308569", "title": "73-year-old Japanese betters record to remain oldest woman atop Everest", "text": "KATHMANDU: At an age when most women keep busy playing with their grandchildren or take to gardening, a 73-year-old Japanese pensioner on Saturday bettered her decade-long record to remain the oldest woman to conquer the 8,848m Mount Everest .Tamae Watanabe's feat came four years after 76-year-old Nepalese Min Bahadur Sherchan became the oldest man to scale Everest. She first became the oldest woman to scale the peak in May 2002, a record earlier held by Poland's Anna Czerwinska, who had scaled the peak at a sprightly 50.Watanabe, who had set off from Kathmandu over a month ago for the expedition, took the north ridge route to the peak from the Tibet side. \"This (Saturday) morning at 7am (Nepal time) she reached the top,\" said Ang Tshering Sherpa of the Kathmandu-based Asian Trekking mountaineering agency that managed the expedition's logistics.Tshering said Watanabe, a resident of Yamanashi prefecture, and her four-member team, including Japanese mountaineer-photographer Noriyuki Muraguchi, had left their last high altitude camp (8,300m) on Friday night and climbed all night before reaching the peak.Reports said Watanabe had initially tried to scale the peak four days earlier, but strong winds forced her to change her plans twice.A Nepalese official said weather had been so bad this season that a summit wave from Nepal's southeast ridge route only began on Friday when 30 climbers reached the top a week behind schedule. \"Several climbers abandoned summit plans in the past weeks due to bad weather,\" he told the Japanese news agency Kyodo.Junko Tabei was the first Japanese woman to climb the peak in 1975.New Zealander Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay scaled the peak for the first time in 1953. Around 3,000 people, including a blind person, a man with an artificial limb, a 13-year-old American boy, have since climbed Everest.Every year hundreds of people set out to climb the peak in April. May is considered the best month to climb Everest, when climbers get about two windows of good weather for their bid for the summit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13309429", "title": "Now, private eyes on sex test clinics", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It might just be a co-incidence. A day after a successful sting operation where a doctor was caught red-handed revealing the sex of a fetus, the district administration gave out a formal advertisement in newspapers seeking proposals from private detectives to carry out sting operations against doctors performing sex determination test.\"Proposals with rates are invited from private detective agencies for sting operation against doctors performing sex determination test through sonography machine under Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (PC &amp; PNDT) Act,\" reads the formal advertisement placed by the district collector office.\"This is the first time private detectives are being formally hired to book doctors violating the act by telling the sex of the fetus by charging a hefty fee,\" said district collector Vijay Nehra.The purpose of private eyes is to file an air-tight case as well as unearth perpetrators of the crime.\"This is one crime where the doctor doing the test and the couple getting the test done are hands in glove with each other. There is little possibility of a complaint being filed. Hence hiring of private detectives is required to act against the violators of PC PNDT Act,\" Nehra said.Officials said that the administration needs to file air-tight cases and get evidence which stands the scrutiny of the court. \"Sting operations against the erring doctors will become routine now. Erring doctors and people wanting to earn a quick buck out of helping identify girls for killing better beware,\" said another senior official.First police remand in PC &amp; PNDT caseAhmedabad: The metropolitan court on Saturday granted three-day police remand for Ashok Patel, the agent who took the pregnant woman decoy to Dr Hemang Shah for sex determination test.Police said that Patel is the owner of the Umiya Hospital where the doctor and Patel were caught red-handed by the official telling the sex of the fetus for Rs 9,000 fee on Friday.Officials say this is a one big step forward for the save the girl child campaign where those violating the PC &amp; PNDT Act will face police remand. Till now, those caught violating the act have been sent to judicial custody. This became possible after the Mahila Police Station was designated as the nodal office for handling PC PNDT Act violation cases so that the health and police officials can work in tandem to curb the crime against the female fetus.Meanwhile, Dr Shah, who was caught on tape on Friday, took ill. He complained of severe giddiness. \"Medical treatment was called for Dr Shah which revealed that he was a diabetic and his diabetes levels had shot up to 400 mg/dl. He was admitted in VS Hospital where doctors said that they will discharge him after two days. We will formally arrest him once he is discharged\", said Mahila police station inspector Chetna Chaudhari.Chaudhari said that the investigation revealed that Patel was the owner of Umiya Hospital and that he also doubled up as the agent who brought women wanting to get sex determination tests done. He would then call willing doctors as consultants to carry out sex determination tests.The police will grill Patel to know since how long he along with other doctors have been carrying out sex determination tests and how many tests have been performed so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13310634", "title": "Bangalore face Hyderabad in must-win match", "text": "HYDERABAD: With their playoff fate hanging in the balance, Team Bangalore wouldn't have asked for a better opponent in their last game. The Virat Kohli-led side should thank the draw for giving them a game against Team Hyderabad, who have been the most generous of hosts, having won only two of their 19 home games.A win is what the doctor has ordered for Bangalore and the visitors know that it is imperative to go all out for a victory against the hosts at the Rajiv Gandhi International Cricket Stadium here on Sunday afternoon. But things may not be as easy as the visitors may envision.Hyderabad, who have had a miserable season with just three wins out of the 15 games played thus far, pulled off a sensational win against Rajasthan on Friday night to knock the visitors out of the tournament. What should have been easy pickings for the Rahul Dravid-led side turned out to be a nightmare for them as Hyderabad defied form and prediction in a five-wicket victory.The win was made possible because for once, the bowling came good. Leggie Amit Mishra, who has been a big disappointment, finally seems to have woken up from the slumber and with Dale Steyn at his best, Rajasthan found the going tough and fell for a lowly total.With Hyderabad finally giving youngster P Akshat Reddy a chance to open the innings with Shikhar Dhawan, things turned out to be easy for the hosts as the openers laid a solid platform with a 63-run stand.Though they floundered a wee bit in the middle, Hyderabad had enough ammunition to sail through. Finally, Hyderabad seem to have got it all right. Though the fielding is still below par, the improvement in the bowling made them overcome the handicap. The batting has been rock solid right through the tournament with Dhawan, who is second in the top 10 run-getters this season with 564 runs, and vice-captain Cameroon White doing the bulk of the scoring.Though Bangalore are a much better side, the visitors will surely be wary of the unpredictability of the Hyderabad side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13309871", "title": "Anti-Corruption Branch starts probe into Azgaonkar appointment", "text": "PANAJI: The Anti-Corruption Branch (ACB) has instituted a preliminary inquiry into a complaint that Meeta Azgaonkar, daughter of former sports minister Manohar 'Babu' Azgaonkar, was fraudulently appointed by the Sports Authority of Goa (SAG) as a junior scientific officer.In the run up to the assembly elections, the BJP had demanded a criminal probe into Meeta's appointment and had also sought action against the bureaucrats who were reportedly part of the panel that had selected her, allegedly in contravention of existing rules. The police are acting on a complaint filed by social activist Sudip Tamankar.Kick-starting the probe, ACB PI Braz Menezes has asked SAG to provide answers to a series of questions within a week. The SAG, with a new man at the helm, is understood to have already sent replies. \"The ACB wants to know when the SAG post of junior scientific officer was advertised, the number of applications with addresses received and a copy of the recruitment rules,\" said sources. Tamankar's complaint had sought action against three bureaucrats as well-then sports secretary M Modassir (now state election commissioner), SAG executive director V M Prabhudesai and joint secretary Yatendra Maralkar.But indications are that the police can proceed against the trio, if at all, only after asserting that the three were indeed part of the selection panel.The ACB is also trying to find out whether the post was initially that of a gazetted officer or whether it was subsequently updated. There have been claims that Meeta's salary was hiked from Rs 25,000 to Rs 42,000 almost overnight.\"The appointment of Meeta is entirely illegal. I do not know why the police have been taking so long to initiate action,\" Tamankar told TOI on Saturday.His complaint, lodged on November 6, 2011, states that the job was provided \"by influence, and forgery of recruitment rules, and even the computer test was taken in the office of the SAG\".\"The sports minister used his influence as vice chairman of SAG and with criminal conspiracy with the sports secretary, SAG executive director and joint secretary (sports), handed his daughter the appointment. The recruitment rules were made suitable as per the sports minister's daughter's qualification and forgery is done. The oral marks are also adjusted to suit the daughter of the sports minister,\" Tamankar has stated in his complaint.Meeta was appointed on a temporary basis as junior scientific officer (nutrition/dietician) on April 12, 2011. Subsequently the SAG, in an order dated April 28, 2011, modified the earlier order and increased the pay scale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13310907", "title": "Vigilance probe against Achuthanandan's son", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government has decided to order a vigilance probe against V A Arun Kumar, son of Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan, based on the report of the Assembly subcommittee that inquired into a number of allegations against Arun. An order for vigilance probe would be issued in a couple of days, sources in the government said on Saturday. Arun is now working as additional director of the Institute of Human Resources Development.The Assembly subcommittee, led by V D Satheesan MLA, found that the two promotions Arun got in the Institute of Human Resources Development - as joint director and as additional director - were against norms. The committee found irregularities behind the move to appoint Arun as the director of ICT Academy proposed to be set up in the state. \"These two allegations will be probed by the vigilance department and based on its report further action will be initiated against Arun,\" sources said.Though the Assembly panel also probed allegations of corruption against Arun Kumar, it didn't recommend any action as no evidence could be found to substantiate that. It is learnt that those allegations won't be referred to the vigilance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13311883", "title": "Attacked Karnataka government auditor SP Mahantesh dies in hospital", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka Administrative Service (KAS) officer SP Mahantesh, who was brutally attacked on the night of May 16, died in a private hospital here early on Sunday morning.Mahantesh, a cooperative housing society auditor, had unearthed many irregularities which led to the attack, says his family.Mahantesh was attacked on Palace road, close to the residence of chief justice, by unidentified assailants who hit him on the head.Auto drivers and passersby informed the police about the incident. Doctors treating Mahantesh had said on Saturday that his condition was very critical as his brain was severely injured.\"There are no exterior injuries, but he has received three internal injuries on the side and forehead. These injuries indicate that somebody hit him hard intentionally. Police have to establish the cause of injuries as they don't look accidental,\" said Dr RG Varma, neurosurgeon, Mallige Hospital.His father Puttanaiah SB and brother-in-law Nagarudrappa maintained that Mahantesh was attacked because of professional enmity.\"He did not have any personal enemies. There was nothing wrong in his personal life. It has to do something with his investigations and audits. The department for its satisfaction is saying the attack was not related to his work, but the police will have to find out the truth,\" they said.Mahantesh's wife Poornima celebrated a quiet marriage anniversary on Saturday praying for her husband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13310559", "title": "Re-densification plan: Congress seeks Lokayukta probe", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh government's ambitious plan for re-densification of urban landscape in cities and towns is under cloud with a complaint being filed with the Lokayukta, alleging scam in allotment of land in allotment of huge tract of prime land to a real estate player in the state capital. The opposition Congress has alleged that the project is being planned and executed in the state in such a manner that it ultimately benefited the real estate players.Nearly two months after Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh wrote a letter to the state government, questioning the re-densification plan for Rewa town, a lawyer in Bhopal has now filed a complaint with the Lokayukta, seeking a probe into the re-densification project being implemented in Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13309760", "title": "Energy project ignites row in Nashik Municipal Corporation", "text": "NASHIK: Allegations by Standing Committee Chairman Uddhav Nimse and independent NMC member Gurmit Bagga over Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) signing an agreement with Germany-based GIZ for waste to energy project has sparked a new controversy as the members charged that the agreement was signed despite the general body meeting rejecting the proposal.In a daylong drama, Bagga followed by Nimse questioned the signing of the agreement stating that it was inked despite the proposal being rejected by the House and the proposal not going to pre-audit process, which is mandatory before any signing. \"How can they sign the agreement without the House agreeing to it?\" Bagga and Nimse questioned.Bagga claimed that the General Body Meeting (GBM) of November 17, 2011 according to its resolution 1082 had rejected the proposal (numbers 945 and 964) \"The GBM had rejected the proposal and the raw minutes of the meeting are evidence of the same. Besides, unless the minutes are confirmed, the resolution cannot be termed as adopted. We are unable to understand why the administration inked the agreement on May 13, 2012 despite it being a Sunday,\" Bagga said. He also pointed out that the agreement had the clause of recovering every penny spent, if the project failed to perform and also that any dispute would be settled on in Frankfurt. \"How could we accept such conditions?\" he questioned.Officiating municipal commissioner P Velrasu however said that the information was half-baked and explained that the NMC was selected only on the basis that it was the only corporation that was managing solid waste management directly and not through any private agency.\"Besides, every penny would be in the form of a grant by Germany through the KFW Banking Group - a German government-owned development bank - and GIZ, an international enterprise owned by the German federal government. Besides, the NMC has to pay nothing at any stage and the garbage collection is already underway, which requires no extra effort or money,\" Velrasu said.At the end of the day a press release issued by superintendent engineer R K Pawar said the agreement was inked only after receiving the NMC's resolution number 1082 on January 1, 2012.\"We received the resolution which has given its consent to the project and hence the signatures were given. The recurring costs will be more than the cost of energy retrieved, but it will still be a win-win situation as far as degradable waste management is concerned,\" Pawar said. He further said, \"the contractor has to raise the plant and had run it for ten years, but will not have any say in land or machinery which will be fully owned by NMC. The current cost of Rs 900 per tonne of processing will come down to Rs 815 per tonne.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13309895", "title": "Krishna Iyer\u2019s judgments to be published", "text": "KOCHI: World's largest academic publisher Oxford University Press will release a book on selected judgments of justice V R Krishna Iyer, former judge of the Supreme Court and Kerala high court, at a function at the advocates association hall of the high court on Tuesday.The book - 'Speaking for the Bench: Selected Judgments of justice VR Krishna Iyer' - pieces together the quintessential portions from the landmark judgments of justice Iyer during his tenure as the judge of the high court and later as a judge of the Supreme Court.The book is divided into seven parts that analyze the essence of key judgments as well as interprets the circumstantial basis leading to the judicial decisions.It further examines the impact of the decisions on different areas of jurisprudence such as constitutional law, labour and services law, criminal law, civil law, commercial law, and administrative law.Keeping pace with the dynamic character of case law, the book, which is edited by advocate P B Sahasranaman, highlights important changes in law in recent times and also substantiates and interprets them in light of the pertinent judgments by other judges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "13310534", "title": "Women perform nude worship near Tumkur", "text": "TUMKUR: Though banned by the state government, nude worship by women continues in Handanakerae village of Chikkanayakanahalli taluk of Tumkur district, as recently as Friday night. It's a remote village in the district, about 100km from Tumkur.The whole village was euphoric as residents were celebrating the festival of goddess Gonimaradamma. For many decades, women clad only in neem leaves have worshipped her during this festival. The women take a vow that if their prayers are answered, they'll perform bettale seve (nude worship). As per tradition, women wear neem leaves, and with a lock on their mouths, go once around the village. On Friday night, over 100 women worshipped the goddess in this manner, with men looking on.One such worshipper Rangamma told TOI: \"I prayed to goddess Gonimaradamma for my family's well-being. She fulfilled my demands and that's why I performed this service. No family member or any villager forced me to do this ritual. I've been getting good things from the goddess and so I do this service for her. What's wrong in it?\"Another villager Ravi said women wearing neem leaves were treated like the goddess and if anyone misbehaved, the goddess would punish them.Deputy commissioner RK Raju and assistant commissioner of Tiptur division Shilpa denied the incident had taken place but ordered Chikkanayakanahalli tahsildar to probe and submit a report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13308303", "title": "Noida hospital at forefront of fight against AIDS", "text": "NOIDA: In a state that has seen a rapid increase in sexually transmitted infections due to lack of awareness and misconceptions, the only multi-specialty government hospital in Noida has been showing the way by helping arrest the rise of these infections. Ambedkar Hospital has been working with high-risk groups, including sex workers, homosexuals and eunuchs, making them aware and also providing free tests and treatment.The hospital's clinic for such infections, known as Suraksha, is now in its fourth year, and has already helped 5,000-odd patients, with many of them belonging to high-risk groups. It was set up to provide counselling along with treatment and referrals. Recently, the hospital tied up with several city-based NGOs to identify more high-risk group patients and encourage them to come and get tested for reproductive tract infections (RTIs), STIs and for HIV.The response, says chief medical superintendent Meena Mishra, has been overwhelming. The hospital's records show that there has been an increase in the number of patients coming in for treatment voluntarily-while initially, an average of 90 people would come for tests every month, recent records point to at least 200 people seeking treatment. According to the records, 244 and 223 people were tested for and sought treatment for RTIs, STIs and HIV in March and April this year, respectively.The patients are also provided free pre- and post-test counselling by the hospital's trained councillor. The Suraksha clinic also conducts awareness sessions on safe sex, personal hygiene, etc.\"Patients, particularly sex workers and eunuchs, don't realize the seriousness of contracting AIDS and think they are wasting time that could be spent more valuably by earning money. However, these tests save a lot of people from the misery of late diagnosis,\" said Rashmi Singh, the councillor at Suraksha clinic. \"Of late, more people have become aware. It seems the word-of-mouth advertisement of our programme has been effective, as more and more high-risk group patients come and take the tests voluntarily,\" she added.In case the report is positive for STIs or RTIs, the clinic offers them treatment, medicine kit and counselling for free. In case of those found HIV positive, the clinic provides them counselling and refers them to the Meerut district hospital. The identity of the patients visiting the clinic is kept secret.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13310424", "title": "More city eves workout at gym to keep body, mind healthy", "text": "INDORE: Caught between irregular duty hours and burdened with a host of household chores at home, working out at gym has become as a perfect way out for the employed women in the city to keep them mentally and physically energised.Amidst office work, managing home and taking care of their children, women professionals in the city find it difficult to devote time for physical fitness and personal matters. Vibha Sood, a professional, believes that after joining the gym, she feels refreshed. A few years back, shopping was her priority, but now she never fails to make it to the health club. \"Workout at the health club has helped me gain stamina. I workout everyday for at least an hour. Also, it helps me stay fit,\" she says.Another professional, Sharmila Bidwai, says, \"In order to put in my best at workplace, I need to be energised and gym is the best means to do so. It helps me stay fit and feel energetic.\"Gyms and fitness centres across the city witnessed a rise in the membership of working women, housewives and students. Apart from guidance for regular workout, the health clubs offer other services including fitness programmes, yoga, power yoga and aerobics.Until a few years ago, there were only a few a few working women, who frequented a health club to burn the extra fat. However, the situation has changed today. With the fact that the city's leading gyms are registering around 30% participation from the women folk, particularly when it comes to activities like fitness and power yoga.Dr Khushboo Agrawal, general manager of an up-market gym in the city, says, \"We have around 40-50% female members in all three branches of our gym. Women show a greater interest in power yoga, aerobics, kettle bell training and cardio training programmes. Other than professionals, housewives and students and even elderly women too show a greater inclination towards cardio training.\"Other than staying physically fit, women also join health clubs to tone up their bodies and recover from back and knee injuries. Sonal Godha, marketing manager of a gym at C 21 mall, says \"College going girls often come here to get toned and have a perfect figure. While working women and housewives want to stay fit and increase bodily strength.\"Piyu Jain, a medical student, often feels lethargic and physically inactive after extended study hours and college timings. \"Gymming has made me active and it also helps me maintain a good figure.\" she says. While Sonali Jain, who is a housewife, believes that workout at gym makes her look younger.Dr Mohit Bhandari, a gastrointestinal and laparoscopic surgeon, considers it necessary for people to impart healthy living habits along with going to a gym. Healthy diet, sound sleeping, meditation and controlled intake of alcohol will help people keep physically fit.\"For people with body mass index (BMI) of less than 30, working out in gym will help them stay fit. But for those, who have BMI above 30, excessive workout may result in diseases like arthritis,\" he says.Personal trainers and the concept of happy hours that comprise afternoon hours and promises a discount of 20%, in most gyms and fitness centres across the city have given a further boost to workout among women.Happy HoursMost up-market gyms in the city have introduced the concept of happy hours wherein both women and men can apply for gym memberships for a discounted rates and work out in afternoon hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13308658", "title": "Pune: Hutchings, Bishop's Hutchings excel in Indian School Certificate exams too", "text": "PUNE: Two city-based schools, Hutchings High School and The Bishop's Junior College, Camp had 100% success in the Indian School Certificate (ISC, standard XII) 2012 exam. The results were announced on Saturday.Of the 27 students from Hutchings, Prajakta Gawas emerged first in the commerce stream with 94.25% marks while Anmol Dhandhania topped the science stream with 84%.\"Performance has improved in both streams because of competitiveness among various schools and between students\", principal Manju Bhosle said. Environment science in the science stream and business studies and computer science in commerce stream were scoring subjects this year, she said.At Bishop's, the toppers were Ankita Panda in science stream with 94.5%, Arshiya Rathee in commerce stream with 90% and Neeti Pherwani in arts stream scoring 89%.Of the 25 students in Riverdale International Residential School, 24 passed the exam. \"We had cent percent students passing last year. Nevertheless, students' percentages have been better this year,\" principal Payam Shoghi said.\"Last year, no student had a score above 90%. This year, Aatish Mishra scored 92.5%. Students have done better than last year in several subjects, especially English, with a class average of 85%,\" he added.Apart from Aatish, the top scorers at Riverdale were Jay Popat with 88.8%, Ajit Sarkar with 88.5%, M S Praneshan with 85.3% and Manthan Tandel with 85.3%.At St Mary's School, of the 60 students, eight scored 90% and 30 students scored 80% and above. Of these 52 were girls and eight were boys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13309607", "title": "Non-availability of wagons shifts exports to road route", "text": "AMRITSAR: Non availability of rail wagons for export of goods to Pakistan have forced export majors in India to send their goods to Pakistan via road route using the newly created trade facilities and infrastructure at the Integrated Check Post (ICP) .A team of senior officials of Indian Oil Corporation visited ICP on Saturday to inspect the available facilities before starting export of plastic granules to Pakistan via road route. An official of the company seeking anonymity told TOI that they had to face various bottlenecks in exporting plastic granules to Pakistan due to non availability of goods wagons. \"The freight is almost comparable but road route is going to be a best alternative to rail route where we have always faced problems, especially due to scarcity of wagons\" he said.Pakistan has annual demand of nearly 6 lakh tons of plastic granules which is used in various industries spread in and around Lahore . The official informed that they were planning to regulate their exports through ICP from next month. Last year the company had exported 25,000 tons of plastic granules to Paksitan via rail route. \"We are hopeful of a major boost in our exports through land route\" he said. Pakistan has recently allowed import of plastic granules via road route.Earlier, officials of a significant logistics company from Gurgaon had visited ICP to check the available infrastructure for export of chemicals to Pakistan. Manager, Central Warehousing CorporationRameshwar informed that the logistic company had expressed desire to export PTA powder, used in plastic industry, to Pakistan via Attari. PTA powder is manufactured by Japanese company at its plant in Haldia in West Bengal.Rameshwar informed that cotton exporters from Bathinda and Ganganagar have also shown keen interest in exporting cotton to Pakistan via road route. \"Now truckloads of cotton bails are being exported toPakistan via ICP\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13309975", "title": "Stay away from Pinarayi's canards, Rema tells cadres", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In an open letter to CPM workers, Rema, wife of slain RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan, has exhorted them not to rally behind Pinarayi Vijayan, who is spreading lies about the murder of Chandrasekharan. \"CPM had attempted to murder TP earlier too. They killed him by conspiring with a quotation team,\" she asserted in the letter.She noted that though the CPM leaders have been denying their role in the conspiracy and murder, CPM workers and their quotation team members are being arrested by the police. Besides, the investigation proves the role of senior CPM leaders in the brutal murder of TP and in hiding the assailants, she said.\"Being a communist, I am aware that the communists have always been rallying behind their leaders. However, the situation has changed and the CPM is no more a political party that works for a cause,\" she wrote adding that after the demise of senior leaders including EMS, P Krishnapillai, AKG and EK Nayanar, the party has fallen into the clutches of a group of leaders with criminal background. \"The CPM has become a party of the murderers and the murdered,\" she noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13310053", "title": "International status likely for Lucknow, Varanasi airports", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow and Varanasi airports could soon attain an international status. The announcement to this effect was made by civil aviation minister Ajit Singh who inaugurated the new terminal building at Lucknow airport on Saturday.The two airports, which though have international flights operating from them, essentially to West Asia and Nepal, have an integrated status. That is both domestic and international flights operate from the same terminal building. Singh's announcement comes close on the heels of the Airport Authority of India (AAI) planning to renovate the old terminal building, which sources said may eventually be used for international flight operations.However, it is the question of international flights getting attracted to Lucknow and Varanasi airport that continues to pose a big challenge.Aviation experts point out that it is not until adequate development of the state takes place that international flights, operating beyond Nepal or West Asia, would knock the doors of Lucknow or Varanasi.Tour operators insist that the two airports could become a gateway or exit point to Buddhist circuit, in what could attract operators from South East and South Asia. There have been indications from operators showing interest in operating flights from Lucknow to Bangkok and Colombo. However, that is still in the initial stages.\"There are tourists seeking to fly to these destinations from Lucknow as well as Varanasi,\" said a Lucknow-based tour operator, Prateek Hira. He, however, said that the two airports need to be equipped with enough facilities that could cater to the international tourists. Though Prateek welcomed the coming of new terminal at the Lucknow airport, said it should have come up well before.Another tour operator, Kirti Srivastava claimed, that exporters from east and central UP look towards Lucknow and Varanasi airports to fly to destinations in Europe. \"They no more want to go to Delhi to catch an international flight. Any such operation from Lucknow or Varanasi would help these exporters,\" Srivastava said.UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , while thanking the Union government for the facility during his address at the inauguration ceremony, asked the civil aviation minister to consider elevation of airports in Varanasi and Kanpur also. He said that the state government has already chalked out a detailed plan for development of airports in the state.Yadav said that his government is committed to promote tourism and commercial activities in the state. \"The new terminal building with enhanced passenger facilities will certainly attract and promote the tourism and will create the new opportunities of employment in the state,\" he said.Ajit Singh said that the Lucknow airport is one among the 42 airports where the upgradation work has been completed. He said that the airport infrastructure needs to be developed continuously to meet the new challenges.Nasim Zaidi, secretary, ministry of civil aviation, said that the AAI has prepared the road map for development of airports in UP. He said that the development of Meerut airport and extension plans for Indira Gandhi National Aviation Academy are in the pipeline. He urged the UP chief minister to be considerate in making the land available for the purpose. He also urged Akhilesh to consider about the reduction of sales tax in aviation turbine fuel which will help in enhancement of air traffic in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13313462", "title": "Tigmanshu Dhulia to shoot in Allahabad", "text": "If all goes well then shooting for director Tigmanshu Dhulia's first pure love story, Milan Talkies, will be done in the Sangam city in the coming January.\"Things are not totally confirmed yet, but I am planning to go to Allahabad to shoot this movie sometime in January, next year,\" claims the director, who is busy shooting for Sahab, Biwi and Gangster-2 in Gujarat these days, adding, \"I was supposed to go to my hometown for the shooting of 'Jai Ramji', but since too many movies on gangsters have been made in the recent past, I have decided to postpone that project. Once I get free with the projects I am currently busy with, I will start working on Milan Talkies .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13310084", "title": "2 ICSE students do Lucknow proud with 98.6% marks", "text": "LUCKNOW: Parul Srivastava and Gaurav Chandela from City Montessori School (CMS) emerged as ICSE toppers from Lucknow. Both scored 98.6% in the exam. Saumya Chola from Seth MR Jaipuria, Mrigank Patel and Manjari Yadav from CMS bagged second position together by securing 98.4% in the ICSE exam.The ISC exam was topped by Vaibhav Agarwal (98%) from CMS (Station Road). Scoring 97.75%, Sanya Jain from La Martiniere Girls' College stood second in class XII exam. Elated over the success, Saumya said, \"It is incredible. I think my dedication towards studies has borne fruits.''Expressing happiness, CMS public relation officer Hari Om Sharma said, \"It's an unforgettable moment for us. Both the toppers are from our school which in itself is a matter of pride.''He said that all 2,388 students of class X have cleared the exam. Out of this, 676 have secured above 90%. In ISC board, out of 1,943 who had appeared, 1,938 passed the exams. A total of 427 students have secured above 90%.From Seth MR Jaipuria School, 41 out of 182 secured more than 90% marks in ISC exam. Principal Anju Wal expressed happiness and congratulated students on their excellent performance. Shubham Garg from this school secured 97% marks in ISC examination.In La Martiniere Girls' School, all 147 students cleared the ISC examination. Out of this, 75 have secured above 90%. The school topper for class XII is Sanya Jain who secured 97.75%, followed by Aliya Zehra with 97.5%.In ICSE exam, Aparna Mishra from the school topped with 97%. Sammriddhi Niranjan stood second with 96.8%. A total of 193 students had taken the exam and all were successful with 84 securing above 90%.Loreto Convent's class X topper is Ayushi Mathur with a total score of 96.4%. The toppers from St Francis College are Amit Agarwal (class X) and Shubham Agarwal (class XII). While Amit secured 96.6%, Shubham's score was 97.25%.In Modern School (Aliganj), Yash Raj Rastogi is the ICSE topper and Roopak Jain is ISC topper. While Yash scored 98%, Roopak's aggregate marks were 97.5%. The toppers from Modern Academy (Gomti Nagar) are Sumbul Moin with 97.2% in ICSE and Swati Nigam with 96.7% in ISC.Satyam Tiwari and Shafaque Fatima are the ICSE and ISC toppers at St Joseph's College. While Satyam secured 94.2%, Shafaque's marks were 91.2%. At St John Bosco College, Pratyush Srivastava stood first with 95% in class X. From Lucknow Public Collegiate, Shivit Singh secured 97% in ISC and Shiwani Shashi secured 96.2% in ICSE board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13314616", "title": "DC vs RCB: Deccan Chargers beat Royal Challengers Bangalore, help Chennai reach playoffs", "text": "HYDERABAD: Dale Steyn produced a fiery pace bowling spell of three for just eight runs as Deccan Chargers knocked Royal Challengers Bangalore out of the Indian Premier League with a nine-run victory in a tense match on Sunday.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Match in PicsSteyn claimed the wickets of dangerous Chris Gayle and his opening partner Tillakaratne Dilshan and Zaheer Khan as RCB failed to chase down the target of 133 at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium at Uppal.The victory by the Chargers also meant that defending champions Chennai Super Kings go through the playoffs stage, along with table-toppers Delhi Daredevils, Kolkata Knight Riders and Mumbai Indians.RCB collected 17 points from 16 matches, the same as that of Chennai but the latter made it to the playoffs stage on better net run rate.Delhi now play Kolkata in the first qualifier in Pune on May 22 while Chennai take on Mumbai in the eliminator in Bangalore on May 23.The Chargers, who ended the tournament at eighth out of nine teams with nine points from 16 matches, thus spoiled RCB's chances of a playoff berth just two days after knocking out Rajasthan Royals from the tournament.Steyn was ably supported by Ashish Reddy (3/25), Amit Mishra (2/26) and Veer Pratap Singh (1/26) as RCB could score 123 for nine from their 20 overs.For RCB, captain Virat Kohli top-scored with a 40-ball 42 while Saurabh Tiwary and Gayle contributed 30 and 27 respectively.But RCB's run chase never got going as they lost wickets at the crucial stages. Gayle taking 24 runs from the second over bowled by Manpreet Gony was the only highlight of the RCB chase and all the batsmen other than Kohli, Gayle and Tiwary could not reach double digits.It was a perfect revenge for the Chargers who were earlier beaten by the same opponents.But, just as the RCB run chase began it looked like they would run away with the destructive Gayle hitting Gony two sixes and three fours from the second over.It was, however, not Gayle's day as he lost the duel with Steyn. Gayle tried to smash the ball through the off-side but took the bottom edge on to his stumps.The South African fast bowler then picked up the wicket of Sri Lankan opener Tillakaratne Dilshan by getting him LBW for just four runs.Mishra gave a double blow to the visitors in the 10th over by dismissing AB de Villiers (4) -- when compatriot JP Duminy took a splendid catch -- and then bowled Mayank Agarwal for just one run.Kohli and left-hander Tiwary tried to steady the innings and put on 46 runs, but the former's innings of 42 came to an end in the 16th over when RCB required 30 runs off 25 balls.It was medium-pacer Ashish Reddy who had the last laugh after Kohli had hit a massive six of his previous delivery.Kohli was dismissed the very next delivery when he tried to replicate the shot and the ball went straight at long-on for Gony to take a fine catch. Kohli hit two fours and as many sixes.With 29 runs required for a win by RCB, Steyn removed Zaheer Khan in the 17th over before Veer Pratap Singh claimed the wicket of Tiwary who made 30 off 27 deliveries.Fourteen runs were required of the last over and Ashish Reddy dismissed Vinay Kumar and Muttiah Muralitharan as RCB ended their innings at 123 for nine.Earlier, South African allrounder JP Duminy cracked a strokeful 53-ball 74 as Deccan Chargers recovered from a shaky start to post a modest 132 for seven.Duminy smashed four fours and five sixes and stitched 71 runs in 46 balls with Parthiv Patel (16) to help Deccan recover from 30 for 3 to post a respectable total.In pursuit of their playoff berth of the IPL 5, RCB bowlers put brakes on Chargers batsmen right from the word go and not only claimed their wickets at regular intervals but also succeeded in slowing the run-rate after stand-in skipper Virat Kohli won the toss and elected to field.Deccan had a disastrous start with three of their batsmen -- Shikhar Dhawan (5), Akshath Reddy (7) and skipper Kumar Sangakkara (15) -- being dismissed within the first five overs at the Rajiv Gandhi International stadium at Uppal.Duminy and Sangakkara then tried to steady the innings with a 31-run partnership off 41 balls before the latter fall to compatriot Muttiah Muralitharan in the 12th over.Duminy then single-handedly took the attack to the opposition and sent the bowlers for a leather hunt to rack up runs in quick time.The South African was particularly harsh on Murali in the 18th over, when he smashed the spinner for three sixes to pile up 20 runs.Duminy was finally dismissed by Zaheer Khan in the next over when he failed to get rid off a full toss and was caught by substitute KP Appanna.R Vinay Kumar was the pick of the bowler, claiming three for 22, while Zaheer took two for 30. Murali and Prasanth Parameswaran claimed one wicket each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13317456", "title": "Monthly old age pension of Rs 200 an insult: Jairam Ramesh", "text": "NEW DELHI: The monthly pension of Rs 200 given to the elderly is \"an insult to the dignity of an individual\", rural development minister Jairam Ramesh has said, requesting the Prime Minister to immediately review the scheme.In a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , the minister has recommended streamlining the disbursal system of Indira Gandhi National Old Age Pension Scheme ( IGNOAPS) under which Rs 200 per month is given to three crore people over the age of 60.\"I have always held the view that the amount of pension that we are giving is an insult to the diginity of the individual,\" he stated in his letter dated May 16.The minister raised the issue after a meeting with the convenors of Pension Parishad Baba Adhav and Aruna Roy few days back.The key demands of the Parishad include removal of poverty line criteria while implementing the pension scheme, increasing the amount of pension from Rs 200 to Rs 300 and reducing the age eligibility from 60 years to 55 for men and 50 for women.\"I agree with the Pension Parishad that use of BPL and APL criteria should be done away with. We are proposing to do away with the BPL and APL criteria in the sanitation programme and in the National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM) as well,\" Ramesh wrote in the letter.On timely disbursement of pension, he noted, \"Pensioners do not get monthly payments but get payments bunched once every few months. Immediate task is to restructure the pension payment architecture so that pensioners get pension amount on an assured date in the bank account every month.\"He further added that he has recommended the same for the Indira Awas Yojana (IAY). \"Even in the IAY, I have written to Deputy Chairman, Planning Commission that the BPL and APL criteria has only ended up ensuring that deserving families do not get that benefit,\" Ramesh said.The Rural Development Ministry has already submitted proposal in this regard to the Finance Ministry.Ramesh, however, disagreed with the Parishad's suggestion to lower the eligibility age for pension from the present 60 to 55 for men and 50 for women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13310278", "title": "FIR against 4 for duping contractor", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police on Saturday lodged an FIR against four persons for allegedly duping a contractor, who was assigned work in one of Mayawati's dream projects, but was not paid the due amount. The FIR lodged on Saturday is the fifth one pertaining to non-payments in works related to Mayawati's memorials.The four persons include a project manager, an assistant engineer and two junior engineers of Uttar Pradesh Project Corporation Limited.Complainant Padmnabham Manglam Kumar Singh, a resident of Viram Khand and proprietor of Samay Enterprises stated in his FIR that he carried out earth work of several lakh cubic feet at the rate of Rs 290 per cubic feet. He got the work without any contract or work order, Singh stated in his FIR. For this work, he was to be paid around Rs 69 lakh. Out of which over Rs 43 lakh was paid to him, Singh further stated.However, the rest of over Rs 25 lakh was withdrawn by the project manager KS Pandey fraudulently and was not paid to him, Singh further said and added he was threatened of dire consequences and was told that he won't be allowed to take contract throughout the state when he asked for the rest of the amount from Pandey.Pandey had even visited the US in June 2010. After his return, he again asked for the said amount and requested Pandey to get the measurement done of the work he carried out. Singh then met assistant engineer AK Maheshwari and junior engineers Ashok Kumar Singh and Anil Kumar Verma and asked for the rest of the payment. However, all of them told Singh that unless and until the project manager directs them to do so they can't make any payment.They also started threatening him when Singh told them that since the work was taken by them, so they should ensure payment for the same, Singh further stated in his complaint.IG Ashutosh Pandey said the matter was being investigated and efforts were on to nab the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13308693", "title": "Vijay Palande held under Arms Act", "text": "Double murder accused Vijay Palande was on Saturday arrested under the Arms Act and remanded in police custody till May 23. This is the fifth case in which he has been held. The cops are now awaiting a report from the Delhi passport office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13309628", "title": "Two held for using cloned credit cards", "text": "CHENNAI: The central crime branch on Friday arrested two people on charges of using cloned credit cards and also for circulating fake currency.On Friday, police said, Manikandan alias Mani of Nerkundram and Mohammed Feroze were seen using a number of cards of various nationalized banks at a shop on Anna Salai. The shopkeeper alerted the HSBC bank that a number of its cards were used by the duo and that their activities were suspicious. HSBC assistant vice-president Ashit Das and a team rushed to the shop.They posed as customers and began checking their cards when they found they had been cloned and had numbers of overseas customers. They managed to catch hold of the duo and alerted police.During interrogation, police came to know that Feroze was part of a gang that made and circulated fake currency and that Manikandan, part of a larger network, used to clone credit cards.Later, a raid at Manikandan's house revealed 13 fake credit cards and bundles of fake 500 notes along with stolen data and a encoder used to make fake cards, police said.At Feroze's house, police found a large number of fake credit cards and a number of fake 500 notes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13310237", "title": "Little chance of further rate cuts, says Indian Overseas Bank chief", "text": "NAGPUR: There is little chance of further rate cuts by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), feels chairman of Chennai-based Indian Overseas Bank (IOB), M Narendra. He was in the city to inaugurate a regional office of this public sector bank.As a special measure to boost growth, the RBI had last month cut the repo rate by 50 basis points. After that, IOB brought down lending rates. However, given the inflation, there's a little chance of further more cuts, said Narendra while talking to newspersons.RBI had brought down the rates considering the slowing down growth. However, inflation is playing spoilsport. Inflation which was expected to be at 6.25% is at around 7.32% due an increase in the prices of food items as well as crude rates strengthening internationally. Slowing down of growth may be reason for another round of rate cuts, but inflation too has to be contained, he said.Narendra hoped that a good monsoon could improve the situation. The bank's chief also said that the debt recovery from corporates as well as small and medium industries needs to improve. \"The banking sector had earlier felt that recoveries would improve after the slowdown of 2008 ended. However, it is seen that things are yet to improve. The industry has not yet recovered from the impact of slowdown,\" he said.IOB, which has an exposure in city-based Abhijeet Group coming up with a power venture, says that currently the bank has held up lending to fresh power projects. So far, the bank has lent Rs 9,000 crore to the power sector.At the same time it also appears that the power sector is showing signs of revival especially due to the government norm which assures coal supply and a hike in tariff. Till then, the bank will have exposure only in solar and wind power units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13309556", "title": "Panchayats vs liquor vends: Union minister's bid to help villages may flounder", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The intervention of Union rural development minister, Jairam Ramesh, over Punjab government not closing down liquor vends in villages where panchayats have passed resolutions against the same, might not yield results as desired by the minister. The minister, who toured the state last week, has apparently taken up the matter with Union panchayati raj minister.Reacting to TOI's \"Brewing Trouble\" campaign, which highlights the plight of villagers on account of alcoholism and their ongoing fight with the state government to have liquor vends removed from their villages, Jairam Ramesh had prodded his officers to examine provisions of the Panchayati Raj Act under which villagers can be helped.Speaking to TOI, Jairam Ramesh said, \"I have taken up the matter with panchayati raj minister and he has promised to write to the chief minister about this. This is a matter of serious concern. The state is bound to honour the wish of villagers, if they have passed a resolution.\"As per provisions under Punjab Panchayati Raj Act , 1994, a resolution passed by two-third majority against sale of intoxicants is binding on the excise authorities. The central government might want to pin the state government on this, but provisions within the same Act are being used to prepare a case against the panchayats, sources said.Mohan Singh , a panchayat member in Sakrodi village of Mansa, told TOI, \"False cases are being registered by police, at the behest of liquor lobby, showing that liquor smuggling is happening in the villages where resolutions have been passed. This is proving to be our nemesis.\"The Act also lays down that \"within such local areas, illicit distillation or smuggling of alcohol has been carried on or connived at, within two years preceding the date of passing of such resolution, in such local areas, such resolutions shall not be binding on the government.\"Over 70 panchayats in Punjab have passed resolutions demanding liquor prohibition in their villages, but vends have been moved out, shifted or closed only in a handful of them. A senior official in the excise and taxation department said, \"In most other villages, there are cases of liquor smuggling and so the resolution is not binding on us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13318748", "title": "Court awards life sentence to three in murder case", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A local court here has awarded life imprisonment to three persons in an 18-year-old murder case.Additional District Judge D C Singh yesterday sentenced Tej Singh, Hari Singh and Devender to life imprisonment for shooting dead one Jai Pal Singh in Mandola village in 1994.The fourth accused in the case, Rajender, died during the trial, prosecution sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13313372", "title": "Siddhartha Mallya in a 'tweet' soup", "text": "Siddhartha Mallya's 'future wife' comment has landed him in a soup, but he insists he wasn't being sexist, he was stating a fact.As the news of Luke Pomersbach molesting Zohal Hamid and beating up her fiance, Saahil Peerzada, broke, nobody was more vocal than Sidhartha Mallya. His tweet - \"The girl who is accusing Luke is saying he hit her 'fiance'... what a load of f***ing s**t. She was all over me and asked for me bbm pin, so if he was her fiance she wasn't exactly behaving like a future wife\" - didn't go down well with many, even though he maintained he was only stating a fact.While Taslima Nasreen tweeted, \"You're a man &amp; you've money! You think you've the right to insult, injure, mistreat &amp; molest women!\", Pritish Nandy branded him a \"twit\". But Mallya maintained his side of the story, where he repeatedly tweeted things like, \"InnoBystander do u know what happened? Were u there? Shut up\", or \"If Luke is in the wrong, trust me he will face the necessary sanctions. But what this girl is doing is idiotic\", and on TV, \"I don't know exactly what Luke has done, and of course, if he has done anything wrong, he will face the necessary action... I am not questioning her character, I am merely stating a fact... If it was the other way round, and if a girl had said the same about a guy, you wouldn't have labelled it as sexist or derogatory.\"Before abusing Sid Mallya, how can you be sure what he said is incorrect? Did u witness incident wth ur own eyes?: Avinash BhatWay Sid Mallya spoke about a molestation victim proves that sometimes your dad's billions can't buy you education: Abhijit MajumderAccording to Sid Mallya, a future wife should dress demurely at parties. Because for her, every party is a Fiance-Dress Party: Ramesh SrivatsI don't know wht the situ is but I do know that@sidharthamallya knows how 2 respect women and has been brought up flawlessly: Ana Singh First she became my girlfriend. Then my present wife. At what point was she supposed to behave like my #futurewife? Girls, if you ever want to be happily married, please start behaving like #futurewivesSometimes my mrs doesn't behave like a present wife: Chetan Bhagat", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13310098", "title": "Indian boy from Dubai tops ICSE", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first time, an Indian student from Dubai has emerged as the overall topper in the Class XII ISC exams, the results of which were declared on Saturday even as girls outshone boys.Rohan Sampath from Dubai Modern High School scored a staggering 99.50%. The India toppers in the Class X exams - Madhavi Singh from Carmel School, Dhanbad, and Shalakha Kulkarni from Shrimati Sulochanadevi Singhania High School, Thane - scored an aggregate of 98.8%.The pass percentage for girls - 99.15% and 98.35% for Class X and XII respectively - was higher than that of boys. \"The number of girls appearing for the exams is significantly lower than that of boys, but every year girls have a better pass percentage across regions and categories,\" said officiating chief executive and secretary of the CISCE, Gerry Arathoon.The overall pass percentage registered an all-time high - 98.62% for class X ICSE and 97.25% for class XII ISC - both up 0.1% since last year. Quite a few candidates with special abilities and those from the reserved categories passed with flying colours. Of the 501 students with special abilities, including dyslexic candidates, who appeared for the class X exam, 40 scored above 90%, while 12 of the 32 visually challenged students scored above 90%.\"Similarly in the Class XII examinations, two out of the 56 special abilities candidates scored 90% and above, while two of the eight visually challenged candidates managed to score above 90%,\" said Arathoon.Among the reserved categories, the OBCs had the highest pass percentage - 98.54% for Class X and 97.16% for Class XII.Region-wise, barring the schools abroad, which scored a perfect 100 pass percentage in the Class X and XII exams, the south topped in both the exams followed by the west. The north came last in the region-wise performance table, its pass percentage has improved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "13310485", "title": "One more succumbs to dengue", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: As dengue continued to haunt several villages in Tirunelveli, officials of neighbouring Virudhunagar district quietly declared at least 30 villages here as endemic as the disease spread rapidly. Health officials in Virudhunagar sprang into action after an eight-year-old boy of Varaloti village died two days ago apparently of dengue.\"This is the first death in Virudhunagar district. So far, only four people have been identified positive for dengue here. Fogging operations are on in all the villages in the 5km radius of the 30 villages,\" said district deputy director of health S Balasubramanian.In Madurai, Theni and other southern districts, too, health officials have been put on high alert. All hospitals and primary health centres have been asked to report cases of fever among villagers immediately to the health department. Screening is underway in villages susceptible to dengue. Director of public health R T Porkai Pandian told TOI, \"There was one death due to dengue in Virudhunagar and we have declared parts of Tirunelveli district as endemic.\"Officials are concerned over the spread of the disease to Virudhunagar district which borders Tirunelveli, where the death toll rose to 19 since the dengue outbreak in April this year. District officials struggled to check the spread, as villagers, mostly children, died due to the disease. On Saturday, a 14-year-old boy was reported dead at the government hospital in Tirunelveli. \"He was admitted three days ago in an advanced stage. Doctors from GH as well as experts from Chennai took all efforts to cure him, but in vain,\" said Tirunelveli GH dean M Manoharan.Health officials set up a special paediatric ward at Tirunelveli GH on Saturday and nearly 30 children with symptoms of dengue have been shifted there. More than 130 people are being treated for dengue at GH while scores of villagers continue to visit everyday with symptoms. At Tenkasi Government Hospital, meanwhile, 101 people are under observation in the special ward for dengue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13310397", "title": "Wrong exam paper shocks Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya student", "text": "INDORE: The fourth-semester students of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) were in for a rude shock when they were served examination papers of a subject which they had cleared in their third semester itself. The goof-up sent shock waves among several students when they found that the varsity officials were totally ignorant of the examination schedule.On Saturday, fourth semester students of BSc Computer Science (Honours) had approached the centre to appear for their Computing and its application paper for which time table was announced nearly a month back. However, they were left flummoxed when they were asked to write ATKT papers of third semester. When students complained that they have already passed the third semester examination, they were reportedly asked to write the paper served and put a complaint later in the university. However, none of the students wrote a single word in the answer sheets provided.Paridhi Jain, one of the students said, \"We approached on time and waited for the papers to be served. But, when we came to know that the centre did not receive the packet of the scheduled paper, we asked the invigilator to enquire in the varsity. We were asked to write ATKT papers of third semester which too was scheduled the same day. But none of the students wrote a single word and left the answer sheets blank.\"Later, the students along with the union leader Nimesh Pathak approached administrative block of the varsity to register their complaints. They met the registrar and informed about the goof-up.He did not acknowledge the complaint, alleged students. But when contacted registrar RD Musalgaonkar told ToI: \"We will announce fresh time-table on Sunday to conduct the examination for the students.\" Students alleged that the papers were actually not printed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13309118", "title": "Recruitment rally passes off peacefully on second day", "text": "JAIPUR: Govindgarh, a small town near Churu, which witnessed rampage by at least 10,000 unemployed men on Friday, has been turned into a fortress by the police. About 5,500 applicants of the Territorial Army recruitment test turned up on Saturday also. However, Rajasthan Armed Constabulary's (RAC) five companies kept a close watch on their movements.Unhappy with their failure to clear the Territorial Army recruitment test conducted at the Ramgopal Kanoongo Stadium and the lack of arrangements on the part of the district administration, the applicants on Friday torched three buses, including one belonging to the police, a truck and three motorcycles. They had also set the engine of a train ablaze and also smashed the windows and broke the signals. They uprooted tracks and crossings at several places.\"No untoward incident was reported on Saturday as we were more vigilant,\" said additional SP, Jaipur rural Anil Gothwal.\"Earlier, only two companies of RAC had been deployed. However, the force has been increased on Friday. Five companies of RAC stood guard throughout the town on Saturday,\" the officer said.He added that several buses had been deployed in front of the stadium to transport the aspirants to Ringus and Chomu. The number of those applicants who were rejected in the recruitment was also high on Saturday. However, we did not allow them to gather at one place and immediately transported them to nearby towns as soon as they came out of the stadium,\" said Gothwal.He added forces from nearby police stations were also deployed in the area.Friday's hullabaloo had largely been attributed to the fact that the applicants did not find buses to leave the town which allowed them to stay there in groups.The district administration also improved arrangements. \"Three additional district collectors were deployed as duty magistrates to supervise the security arrangements,\" said a senior administration officer.However, the locals demanded on Saturday also that the army recruitment camp be cancelled.\"It is being held despite the fact that the village council did not give the non-objection certificate (NOC) to the district administration. The town residents are going through such ordeals every time these recruitment rallies are held here,\" said Omprakash, the local sarpanch.The administration had on Friday decided to increase the number of days for the ongoing recruitment camp. \"Earlier, the camp was to end on May 20. However, now we have decided to give the army one more day so that the number of candidates can be reduced each day,\" said ADM Jaswant Singh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13309314", "title": "ICSE, ISC results: No alternative to hard work, feel Kolkata toppers", "text": "KOLKATA: The city broke into the top five of the national ICSE and ISC merit lists this year.While many from Kolkata scored above 90%, Nidhi Chandak of Calcutta Maheshwari Girls' School did the city proud, scoring 98.6% to bag the second spot in ICSE in the country. Rhine Samajdar of Calcutta Boys' School topped in ISC from Kolkata and was placed third in the country.Unlike most toppers, Nidhi has taken up commerce in Plus Two. \"I am very happy with the result. I never expected to be a topper, but it feels nice to be one. I had expected around 95%. So, this is a bonus. I couldn't have asked for more,\" she smiled.Nidhi plans to study economics and then take up management. \"A career in economics is my dream. My parents have encouraged me to pursue it,\" she said. In the run-up to the board exams, Nidhi would study for 12 to 13 hours a day. Hard work, she believes, can help you achieve the seemingly impossible. This is probably where girls are scoring over boys in ICSE/ISC. \"Honestly, it's not a question of boys or girls. Anybody can score a high percentage through hard work. You must believe in yourself, though,\" said Nidhi. It was time for boys to do some catching up, she added.Nidhi doesn't see herself as a \"typical topper\". \"I have never been a studious type, though I have always been a hard-working student. It's important to be sincere in studies, but there's more to life,\" she says. Nidhi loves painting and is a book-worm. \"I love reading mystery tales and horror stories,\" she said.She doesn't have a favourite college in mind, though. \"It's still too early. I am focused on Plus Two now. I will probably think about a college two years later,\" she said.Rhine Samajdar of Calcutta Boys' School topped in ISC from Kolkata with 99%. Delighted with his performance, Rhine says he expected 99% in science subjects, but was pleasantly surprised by his English score. \"I didn't expect 99% in English. It helped me score 99% overall. I am delighted,\" he said.He had been a shade worried about his English marks, Rhine admitted. \"This is one subject which could pull your percentage down. So, I am fortunate,\" he said.Unlike most of his classmates, Rhine is not inclined towards engineering. The IITs hold no attraction for him either. \"I want to go into research. I will take the IISC entrance test.\" He studied for about seven to eight hours a day and took tuitions as well.\"There is no alternative to hard work. But you should be able to love the subjects. Just hard work is not good enough,\" said Rhine. He loves reading and is a keen debater.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13313378", "title": "Former Indian cricketer Kirti Azad begins hunger strike for scrapping of IPL", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former India cricketer Kirti Azad on Sunday began a fast, demanding that the Indian Premier League, which has been a hit by a series a controversies, be scrapped.Azad, who is also a BJP leader, began the hunger strike outside the Feroz Shah Kotla ground here.\"All those who are watching, I have a question. Shouldn't there be transparency? There is too much of politics in sports. I only hope that there is some sportsmanship in politics,\" Azad said while addressing the gathering.\"Cricket is a religion in our country but it hurts when I get to know that youngsters want to play in IPL and not for the country,\" he added.Another former cricketer Vivek Razdan was also present at the venue.Five domestic uncapped Indian players were suspended by the BCCI when a sting operation by a private TV channel implicated them in spot-fixing.Within days of that, Kolkata Knight Riders co-owner Shah Rukh Khan was involved in a brawl with the Maharashtra Cricket Association officials at the Wankhede stadium and was banned by the MCA from the entering the facility for five years.After that, Royal Challengers Bangalore player Luke Pomersbach was arrested on charges of molesting an American woman. He was given bail by a Delhi court on Saturday but cannot leave the country until the investigation is complete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13308244", "title": "\u2018Open court\u2019 penalizes those guilty of employing children", "text": "HYDERABAD: Labour department officials on Saturday disposed of 30 cases registered against employers who had engaged child workers and collected Rs 1.28 lakh, the difference of minimum wages, from them during an 'open court' held in MG Road in Secunderabad.The labour department conducted the 'open court' to take up cases registered against the employers who had engaged the services of child workers.Out of 35 cases pertaining to the Secunderabad area which came up for hearing on Saturday, the court disposed of 30 by collecting 'difference of minimum wages,' deputy commissioner of labour, Hyderabad-I, S Naresh Kumar told STOI.The money deposited by the employers with the labour department would be disbursed among the underpaid child labourers as compensation .The department has decided that it would hand over the amount to parents/guardians of the child workers directly.Labour officials had conducted several raids on business establishments in MG Road, SD Road, RP Road and SP Road of Secunderabad during the past two months as a result of which, 35 cases came to be registered againstseveral employers under the Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act.\"The idea of an open court is to collect the 'difference of wages' payable to the child workers and also deter employers from employing children by creating awareness.\"This event is a part of the efforts being undertaken to make Secunderabad a child labour-free zone,\" the official added.If citizens in Secunderabad come across child workers, they can report to authorities either on the toll-free childline '1098' or 9492555358.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13309974", "title": "Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited superintending engineer Babasaheb Jadhav booked", "text": "YAVATMAL: Superintending engineer of MSEDCL Babasaheb Jadhav was booked by Wadgaon Road police on Friday on a counter complaint filed by Rohit Somani of Nashik. Somani and three others were earlier arrested by the police for allegedly beating up Jadhav in his chamber.After getting bail from the court, Somani lodged a complaint against Jadhav alleging that he had beaten him and three local employees when they met him in the latter's office demanding payment of outstanding bills and granting extension of contract for meter reading and bill distribution.Police said that a non-cognizable offence was registered against Jadhav.MSEDCL had signed a contract with the Nashik-based BNG company. However, the company failed to comply with the terms and conditions of the contract and the consumers had also filed complaints against it. The SE had partially revoked the contract and the company was later blacklisted.On Thursday, director of BNG company Somani and his three local employees met Jadhav to discuss the issue with him. As nothing concrete came out, the foursome allegedly beat up Jadhav and thrashed him. They later absconded from the spot. Jadhav was rushed to a hospital by MSEDCL staffers and was discharged after first-aid.On Jadhav's complaint, the four were arrested by the police but a court granted them bail. After getting bail, Somani reached the police station and lodged a counter-complaint against the SE.MSEDCL engineers, led by Jadhav, on Friday called on guardian minister Nitin Raut during his brief halt at the Government Guest House here en-route to Zari Jamni for a public function and briefed him about the incident. Rout was learnt to have summoned PSI Sarjerao Gaikwad and instructed him not to file an FIR against Jadhav. However, one of the local legislators intervened and insisted the cops to register a case against Jadhav following which he was booked under sections 294 and 506 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13310142", "title": "Akhil Gogoi on hunger strike in support of anti-dam activists", "text": "GUWAHATI: Team Anna core team member and general secretary of Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS), Akhil Gogoi on Saturday launched an indefinite hunger strike in protest against the 'harassment' of anti-dam activists by the government. Leaders of eight other organizations, which were with KMSS in a marathon anti-dam protest in Lakhimpur district since December, were also present by the side of Akhil as an expression of solidarity.Akhil is not well and has been complaining of gastric pain. For sometime, Akhil could not speak at the occasion as he had to grip his belly tightly to kill the pain. As the pain subsided, he started interacting with supporters and citizens from different walks of life.\"I have started this strike with a resolute mind. I will continue the strike indefinitely despite my ill-health. The government has to stop construction of Lower Subansiri dam and police harassment on our activists. If the authorities do not act, I will fast until death,\" Akhil said.Leaders of political parties especially from the opposition visited Akhil, who has started the indefinite hunger strike at NCP office ground in Dighalipukhri area of the city. Guwahati MP and national vice president, Bijoya Chakraborty exhorted Akhil to call of the hunger strike after looking at his ill health. \"We all want to be in good health for continuing with your cause. My appeal is that you should reconsider this indefinite hunger strike because it will deteriorate your health,\" Chakraborty said.Akhil said that though at the moment they were opposing construction of the 2,000MW Lower Subansiri hydroelectric project, all the nine organizations including KMSS were against all the big hydro-projects proposed in Arunachal Pradesh. \"These big dams were being planned without making any proper assessment of their total impact on ecology, livelihood and security of lives in the downstream Assam. The dams are not planned to kill our rivers and extract electricity for somewhere outside the northeast,\" Akhil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13310471", "title": "Adi Godrej, Infosys Chief executive officer likely to visit city on July 5", "text": "BHOPAL: Adi Godrej, president of the Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) and owner of Godrej Industries Limited along with CII vice-president Kris Gopalkrishnan, who is CEO and president of the Infosys are likely to visit Bhopal on July 5.Addressing a press conference at Bhopal, CII western region chairman Pradeep Bhargawa said the two biggies would interact with the government and the state representatives of the CII.He said, \"Their visit is an initiative of the CII and would facilitate investment in the state.\"He told media that the CII would also help the state government exploit its tourism potential. Bhargawa said that \"there is a big tourism potential in MP, but it still needs to be exploited.\" \"We can facilitate meeting of the industrialists who are interested in tourism promotion like Mahindra and Mahindra among others,\" he explained.On a day-long visit to Bhopal, Bhargawa, who is also the MD of Cummins Generator Technologies India Limited, a Pune-based company said the CII would also \"help the government hone the skills of engineering and ITI students of the state.\"Though there are a large number of engineering colleges in the state, they still lack skill that is required by industries.\"We will try to take steps to bridge this gap between these students and industries,\" he said.Bhargawa along with the regional director of western region, Charu Mathur state council chairman of CII Dr RS Goswami and vice chairman state council Ranjan Mimani and other representatives of the organisation met finance minister Raghavji Bhai and Industry minister Kailash Vijavargiya.The CII would also be partner of the Destination Madhya Pradesh , an event to be organized by the government in Indore from October 28 to 30 to attract investment. A large number of industrialists would participate, Bhargawa told reporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13312915", "title": "Expenses scandal: Racism may have something to do with my unfair treatment, Swraj Paul says", "text": "LONDON: Hitting back at those behind his brief suspension from the House of Lords in 2010, prominent Indian-origin industrialist Swraj Paul has insisted that he did not do anything wrong, and believes that racism may have something to do with the unfair treatment he received.Paul was one of the Lords caught up in the expenses scandal that rocked British politics in 2010. Most of the people involved were MPs from the House of Commons , while Paul was one of three Asian members of the House of Lords to be investigated for allegedly claiming expenses against rules.The other two were Lord Bhatia and Baroness Uddin. Paul was suspended from the House of Lords for four months and resigned from the Labour party .Speaking to The Guardian, Paul, chairman of UK-based Caparo Group said: \"Let me tell you one thing. In the financial year 2010 alone, I have given 1 million pounds to charity. Does anybody think that for bloody 41,000 pounds I'd loot the country?\"Paul said that he would have no problem if he felt sanctions had been applied consistently, but he is convinced that was far from the case. He points out that the Lords subcommittee chose to look at only four of 20 cases brought to its attention.He said: \"The three people they didn't clear were Asian,\" and indirectly suggested that racism may have something to do with this. Paul believes that other peers were jealous when he became a deputy speaker in the Lords, and even more so when he became a privy counsellor.Paul said: \"I have a very high profile in India, and not one person believes it wasn't racialism. They have written to me and said, Lord Paul, you have been saying we have got over racism in this country. Well, if this isn't racialism, what is?\"Denying that he was embarrassed by the episode, Paul said: \"I couldn't care less. I feel so strongly that wrong has been done, that I have done nothing to be ashamed of. If they had accepted the money and that had been the end of it, I would have been more embarrassed because, yes, I might have made a mistake. But after the treatment... I feel that they decided to take an action, and that was it.\"Paul, 81, who returned to the Lords earlier this year, says he has never known such viciousness in politics. Asked if he wanted to leave the House of Lords, he said: \"You can't leave the Lords. You can't resign.\"Did he think he would never go back there again? \"Yes, but then I thought, I need to get my view across.\" To leave, he says, would have been a defeat. \"And I will not accept defeat\", he told the newspaper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13309532", "title": "Gujarat University wants explanation for exam goof-up", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat University has sought an explanation from the St Xavier's college for Friday's goof-up during the first-year examination of the second semester of the Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Science courses.On Friday, some 300 students of the St Xavier's college were taken aback when they got the English question paper - they had not been taught about the topics they were being tested on.The students complained to the college authorities which later talked to Gujarat University officials.University officials made it clear that the problem related squarely to the college and hence if students did not write the paper they would be given zero marks and marked as failed.Later, the students were persuaded by college authorities to appear for the examination. Students said that they were made to take two tests - one on communication skills and the other on English. St Xavier's principal Father Vincent Braganza said that the problem had been resolved and all students had taken the examination.The Gujarat University has ordered an inquiry into the goof-up. The university's vice-chancellor, Parimal Trivedi, said: \"We have asked the college principal to remain present at the university and give an explanation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "13317630", "title": "Three women killed, three injured as tree falls on auto-rickshaw", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Three women were killed and many others injured today after a tree fell on the autorickshaw in which they were travelling near Amba Chowk in Bihar's Muzaffarpur district, police said.The mishap took place as a tree uprooted in a storm and fell on a passing auto-rickshaw trapping six passengers under its weight, the sources said.Three women, identified as Yashoda Devi, Premsheela Devi and Hussaina Khatun were killed on the spot and three others Meena Devi, Sita Devi and a four year-old girl sustained injuries. Sources also said that the injured were admitted to a hospital for treatment and the bodies of the dead have been sent for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13312700", "title": "Here\u2019s the party tonight", "text": "It was double delight for revellers who recently flocked to Tantra, The Park, to hear Hip Pocket play.Not only did they get treated to Nondon Bagchi's drumrolls, they also later got to groove to DJs Vishal, Hussain and Joy's beats.Namrata, who was at the do said, \"It's always a delight to watch Hip Pocket perform live. And when it's followed by the in-house DJs playing our favourite numbers, there's nothing like it!\" At the do, we spotted Jacky, Sharukh , Payal and Zainab having a good time and a pretty Rashni caught our eye.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "vapi", "code": "13320543", "title": "Stop discharge into Bilkhadi, says CS", "text": "VAPI: Gujarat's chief secretary A K Joti has directed Gujarat Industries Development Corporation (GIDC), Vapi to immediately to stop industrial and domestic water pollution in Bilkhadi, a natural drain that passes through many villages surrounding the industrial town.Joti recently visited Bilkhadi along with B B Swain, managing director of GIDC. The surprise spot visit was made on serious complaints regarding increasing health issues and other difficulties in villagers due to polluted water being released in the open drain by industries in GIDC estate. The complaints were raised by MLA of Pardi Usha Patel.Of its 20 km stretch, bilkhadi passes seven kms of GIDC and six villages of Pardi carrying polluted water throughout the year.The concern authorities and responsible industrial associations have not taken enough initiatives of work for surrounding affected rural areas, Patel said.In her representation, Patel also demanded master planning for surrounding affected villages.Valsad collector Laxman Patel said he will soon call a meeting of representatives from rural areas and GIDC estates for master planning. \"Temporarily, we have put a number of pumping machinery sets on several spot of bilkhadi to lift polluted water from open drain into pipelines linked with treatment plant,\" said T K Pandore, regional manager, Vapi GIDC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13308973", "title": "\u2018Make report on Western Ghats public\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Delhi high court has upheld the chief information commissioner's argument to make the Madhav Gadgil committee report on the Western Ghats public. Justice Vipin Sanghi, while dismissing a plea by the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) not to make the report public, said the scientific, strategic and economic interests of the state cannot be at cross purposes with the requirement to protect the ecosystem in accordance with the Environment Protection Act-a legislation framed to protect the larger public interest and for promotion of public good.\"Policies framed with the sole object of advancing the scientific and economic interests of the state, but in breach of the state's obligations under the environment act, would be vulnerable to challenge and may eventually not serve the purpose for which such a policy is framed,\" he said.A policy evolved in the largest public interest and public good can certainly not be against the strategic, scientific or economic interest of the state, he added.The MoEF had approached the court after CIC Shailesh Gandhi ruled that making the report public did not harm the economic and scientific interests of the country. Gandhi had directed the MoEF to upload the report on its website by May 10 and further ruled that it must publish all reports of commissions, special committees or panels within 30 days of receiving the same, unless it is felt that any part of such report would hurt the nation's economic, scientific or strategic interests.Activist Sumaira Abdulali, whose plea to make the report public under the Right to Information Act was rejected by the MoEF and subsequently filed a PIL in the Bombay high court, welcomed the order.\"The state always speaks of an inclusive policy but never practices it. It does everything to keep citizens out of the decision-making process,\" she said.The court observed that the consultative process, the involvement of civil-rights groups does not stop after the making of the report by the Western Ghats Ecology Experts Panel (WGEEP).\"After making the report, consultative and participatory process, should become even more interactive and intense. The policy should be formulated after due consideration of all viewpoints,\" it said. The additional solicitor-general, Indira Jaising, arguing why the report should not be made public, said the report was based on incomplete data.\"Declaring the Western Ghats as an ecologically sensitive zone would have far-reaching implications on on-going and proposed industrial activities in different states,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "13310139", "title": "Water crisis deepens", "text": "AKOLA: The water crisis in the district is deepening due to poor planning by the administration. With days getting hotter, nine villages are getting water from just 12 tankers - eight in Akola and two each in Balapur and Murtizapur.Remedial measures worth Rs 4 crores have been proposed to deal with the scarcity. Around 171 proposals to provide water to 145 villages were sanctioned till May 15. Some other proposals included special repairs (18), wells (67) and tube wells (53).The talukas facing water crisis are in Akola (33), Barshi Takli (2), Akot (39), Telhara (19), Balapur (27), Patur (28) and Murtizapur (7).The Katepurna dam is the main source of drinking water for Akola. The water reserves may exhaust by July 15 if there are no rains. Akola gets water just once a week from the Katepurna reservoir.The picture is grim in rural parts of the district where villagers have to walk almost 5 kilometres to fetch water from ponds. They use drums, utensils, bullock carts, two-wheelers and tractors to get the water.Crores of rupees spent under various government programmes have gone down the drain. Several hand pumps are out of order. Assurances given by various leaders have remained only on paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13315856", "title": "Trouble with Malayalam", "text": "Kannada Actress Meghana Raj, who has done over nine Malayalam movies so far, finds Malayalam language very challenging, especially the pronunciation of certain words.\"There are certain words in Malayalam that I feel hard to pronounce. At times, without knowing the meaning, I end up using past tense instead of present tense,\" says Meghana, who is currently gearing up for her next movie, Revathy Varma's Maad Dad .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13309301", "title": "Chennai weather: City boils as mercury crosses 43 degrees Celsius", "text": "CHENNAI: If you think the city has turned unbearably hot, you haven't been to the suburbs. While people gasp at the thought of the mercury breaching the 40 Celsius mark at the weatherman's observatory in Nungambakkam, thermometers in Meenambakkam have been showing 43-plus degrees in the last couple of days.Bus drivers, pavement dwellers and pedestrians are all affected, but the one virtually being steamed on the road is the two-wheeler rider who is caught between the blazing sun and the melting roads. Tar and bitumen get hotter than anything else in the sun and that adds to the biker's woes.Y E A Raj, deputy director of the regional meteorological department, said temperatures being registered in the city this year were comparatively higher than last year.\"The temperature in the city varies from one neighbourhood to another, depending on its distance from the seashore and when the sea breeze sets in,\" said Raj, describing the difference of Nungambakam, which is 3km from the seashore against a much hotter city airport area, which is 11km from the sea.The city has two temperature gauges, one each in Nungambakkam and Meenambakkam. While the Nungambakkam temperature is considered the city temperature, the one registered at Meenambakkam has been higher by more than 2 Celsius. Meenambakkam registered 43.2 Celsius on Saturday, while Nungambakkam showed 41.5 Celsius. Friday at Meenambakkam was hotter, at 43.9 Celsius.In the last decade, the average highest temperature in the city in May had gone twice above the 43 Celsius, in 2002 (43.4 Celsius) and 2003 (45 Celsius). Met data show the city suburbs have started registering a maximum temperature of above 42 Celsius.Gauri Shankar, an executive of HDFC bank, said it has become virtually impossible for him to ride along GST Road at noon. \"I feel I am getting boiled as I ride from Meenambakam to Tambaram. Despite wearing helmet, I have got sunburns. I am trying to deal with clients over phone and internet,\" he said.Babu Mahesh, an engineer with Hindustan Petroleum, said he has chosen night shifts due to the hot weather. \"Though power cut troubles me for two hours, I prefer to stay home during the day and work at night,\" Mahesh said.The temperature is expected to come down slightly after the 'kathri' ends on May 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13309474", "title": "Make Western Ghat report public: HC to MoEF", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a rebuff to the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), the Delhi High Court has dismissed its plea against making public an ecology report of Western Ghats.Justice Vipin Sanghi upheld a Central Information Commission (CIC) ruling asking MoEF to disclose summary of the Western Ghats Ecology Panel (WGEEP) report authored by Prof Madhav Gadgil to an RTI applicant. The HC also refused to tinker with another CIC directive to ensure all reports of commissions, special panels are posted on the ministry's website within 30 days of being received.\"The scientific, strategic and economic interests of the state cannot be at cross purposes with the requirement to protect the environment,\" the HC noted, pointing out that by challenging the CIC ruling, the \"endeavour of MoEF appears to be to withhold the WGEEP report so as to curb participation of the civil society and interested environmental groups as also the common man who is likely to be affected by the policy as eventually framed\".The HC also rejected MoEF's apprehension that disclosure of the WGEEP report would impede the decision-making process. It said the broad-based participative process of debate would help MoEF and the states in arriving at a policy decision, which is in larger interest and for public good.In April, the CIC had directed the Centre to furnish a copy of the summary of the WGEEP report and another one on the Athirappilly Hydro Electric Project in Kerala to RTI applicant G Krishnan. MoEF cited two grounds to defend non-disclosure of the report. First, it argued that the report was not final, and second it still had to incorporate the state governments' views. Publication of the report would lead to a spate of applications seeking notification of certain areas as ecologically sensitive, MoEF feared.\"It can't be said that the said report is not final. What is not final is the governmental policy decision on the aspects to which the WGEEP report relates. The said report is one of the ingredients, which the MOEF and the concerned states would take into consideration while formulating their policy in relation to the Western Ghats ecology,\" the HC said.The WGEEP panel, headed by Prof Madhav Gadgil, was constituted in 2010, and has 13 members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13309710", "title": "Govt undecided on CBI probe Meghalaya girl's suicide", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana government on Saturday indicated that it is not in a hurry to hand over the investigation into Amity University student Dana Silva Sangma's suicide case to CBI.Dana, a management student, committed suicide in the university campus in Gurgaon on April 24. Her uncle and Meghalaya chief minister Mukul Sangma had written to Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda seeking CBI probe into the matter a few days ago. The Haryana police had then recommended probe by the premier investigation agency into the matter.The Hooda government has now sought a status report from the state police on the progress of the investigation. Sources indicated that the state government wants to evaluate the inquiry done by its police before taking a final decision on the issue of CBI probe.State home secretary Samir Mathur said, \"Decision on the issue may take more time.\" Sources also indicated that another reason for the government's cautiousness in the issue of a CBI probe might be the judicial scrutiny of the case. Recently, Dana's elder sister Balsame Sangma had moved Punjab and Haryana high court seeking inquiry into the incident by an independent agency.Balsame has submitted to the high court that her sister was a strong, independent and rational individual, who was highly unlikely to have taken such a drastic step of taking her life for an almost insignificant reason as being accused of cheating in an exam, unless the university had taken further steps in getting her so 'mentally tormented'.However, Amity University has termed these allegations baseless. \"The invigilator found Dana referring to the mobile phone and accessing an internet site during the exam. Since this is against the rules, the invigilator took away her paper and asked her to leave the examination hall. The invigilator did not rip her answer book nor did he use any abusive language,\" said Savita Mehta, vice-president, communications, Amity Group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13309870", "title": "National Institute of Fashion Technology -Patna holds graduation function", "text": "PATNA: National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT), Patna , organized the graduation ceremony, named 'Modamorphosis', for the 2010-2012 batch of masters of fashion management (MFM) course at a posh hotel here on Saturday.Inaugurating the programme, NIFT director Satish Chandra Jha said, \"Our students have undergone rigorous theoretical as well as practical training in a number of disciplines like marketing, merchandizing, management studies, information technology and other interdisciplinary subjects in the last two years, and are now ready to take up new challenges in the ever-changing world of fashion.\"Students of this batch have been placed in reputed companies like Arvind Brands, Pantaloon Retail, ITC and Texport Syndicate, to name a few. More than 90% students have secured more than seven semester grade point average (SGPA). Jha added, \"The construction of a permanent campus of NIFT at Mithapur will be complete soon.\"Chief guest Alok Kumar Sinha, principal secretary, department of industries, said, \"In the last two years, all- India toppers of the course have been from NIFT-Patna.\"Professor Sanjay Srivastava said, \"The students not only showed good academic performance but also participated in extra-curricular and community development activities with equal enthusiasm.\"Under their graduation projects, fashion management students, in their fourth semester, underwent an 18-week training programme with companies in the retail, apparel brands and exports sector. They were evaluated on the basis of the reports and presentation given to a jury and industry feedback.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13309913", "title": "Mahantesh continues to battle for life", "text": "BANGALORE: The ICU at Mallige Hospital where SP Mahantesh, deputy director of the co-operative audit department is battling for life seemed particularly gloomy on Saturday evening. It was the wedding anniversary of Mahantesh and Poornima, but there was no celebration, only the wife's prayers for her husband. She brought some fruit for him and hoped he would recover soon and could have a little celebration once he returns home.Doctors treating Mahantesh said his condition is still critical as the brain is severely injured. \"There are no exterior injuries, but he has received three internal injuries on the side and forehead. These injuries indicate that somebody hit him hard intentionally. Police have to establish the cause of injuries as they don't look accidental,\" said Dr RG Varma, neurosurgeon, Mallige Hospital.Stating that there's no need to shift him abroad, Dr Varma said: \"We're using imported machines, including ventilators and medicines. In his present condition, we cannot take him off the ventilator. His blood pressure has also been controlled with medicines,\" he said. Doctors treating him have decided to continue the treatment till his heart is functioning. \"His condition is very critical but stable,\" said the doctor. Four brain specialists, including senior neurosurgeon Dr Varma, Dr Nagaraj from Nimhans and two others visited Mahantesh and charted a line of treatment.Meanwhile, his father Puttanaiah SB and brother-in-law Nagarudrappa maintained that Mahantesh was attacked because of professional enmity. \"He did not have any personal enemies. There was nothing wrong in his personal life. It has to do something with his investigations and audits. The department for its satisfaction is saying the attack was not related to his work, but the police will have to find out the truth,\" they said. The officer was attacked on May 16 on Palace Road by unidentified men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13308061", "title": "Maharashtra plans public-private partnership scheme for infrastructure in agriculture sector", "text": "PUNE: The state will soon launch a public-private partnership scheme for developing infrastructure in the agriculture sector, where facilities like cold storage and pack houses will be constructed and grading machinery and artificial ripening equipment would be bought for farmers. The Agribusiness Infrastructure Development Investment Programme (AIDIP) will have funding from the Asian Development Bank and the government.The AIDIP was designed almost five years ago. It has reached implementation stage this year as the Asian Development Bank has started disbursement of funds recently. As per the scheme, private players would invest 60% of the total cost, while the remaining 40% will be contributed by the ADB and the state in the ratio of 80:20.Milind Akare, deputy project director of AIDIP, told TOI: \"This programme is aimed at addressing three main constraints to agriculture growth - outdated technologies, lack of public investment in basic infrastructure and limited diversification in high value horticultural crops. To overcome these constraints, integrated value chain (IVC) model will come up in Nashik and Aurandabad districts first. Pune would be included in the second phase.\"Market experts say that private investment would encourage professional practices and strict quality norms in the agriculture sector. The facilities such as grading and pack houses will reduce wastage due to handling, increase shelf life of the produce and provide better value for money to customers.\"The total project cost would be around Rs 150 crore. The cost of Nashik and Aurangabad IVCs is estimated to be Rs 102.45 crore. The state government will soon issue advertisements inviting private bidders. It will offer land for infrastructure development available with local wholesale markets. The construction work should be started by the end of this calendar year,\" Akare said.As per the AIDIP report prepared by the government, about 20 IVCs would come up across the state. These IVCs will be connected to small villages, which are the major producers of vegetables and fruits. The value chains will also train farmers in terms of better handling of produce, reduce processing losses and adopt good agriculture practices, says the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "jaipur/jaisalmer", "code": "13309307", "title": "Collectors to write to Gujarat counterparts for female feticide prevention", "text": "JAIPUR/JAISALMER: Collectors of border districts in Rajasthan have decided to write to their counterparts of adjoining districts in Gujarat seeking their cooperation in improving sex ratio in Rajasthan, as the state government suspects that pregnant women cross the border for sex selection.The state government has identified three districts of Gujarat - Deesa, Palanpur and Ahmedabad -where the pregnant women often go for sex determination tests of their fetuses.Principal health secretary B N Sharma had taken up the issue recently and wrote to the Gujarat health commissioner pointing out that \"a mechanism to closely monitor pregnant women crossing the border to ensure that the Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act is not violated needs to be developed so that our coming generation does not face adverse effects of declining sex ratio\".Now, as the state government has stepped up efforts to check female feticide and sex selection, Barmer district collector Veena Pradhan has decided to write collectors of Deesa, Palanpur and Ahmedabad.\"We have made it mandatory for pregnant women to produce identity proofs before undergoing sonography. Now, we want that the districts in Gujarat - Deesa, Palanpur and Ahmadabad - to keep identity proofs of the people who are coming to their sonography centers so that we will also be able to keep a check on pregnant women who are crossing the border for sonography tests,\" Pradhan said.Barmer and Jaisalmer district administrations in cooperation with the police have already launched campaigns against femal feticide and sex selection tests.Pradhan said that they are organizing many public awareness campaigns in 8 panchayat samitis on female feticide. She has also started sending administrative officers to religious programmes to send message to save girl child.Pradhan said to make 'save girl child campaign' a public awareness campaign and to involve people, especially women, sub divisional officers and tehsildars have been directed to spread messages on protecting the girl child in religious programmes.She said the government is taking an important decision to prevent female feticides and has asked all officers to take affidavits from the couple whenever a marriage takes place that they will neither get sex determination done nor will involve in female feticide.Apart from this, an order has been issued to form a district-level advisory committee which will hold a meeting on a fixed date in which monthly activities will be reviewed. Also, tracking of each pregnant woman will be done and will monitor whether she will undergo sonograpy or if she decides to get her fetus aborted.Along with medical health and family welfare department, district administration officers will check each private hospital which have facilities for medical termination of pregnancies. A plan will be made for better monitoring along with the help of NGOs and other social organizations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13308704", "title": "No headway in Sector 45 burglary case", "text": "GURGAON: Police on Saturday made no headway in a case of daylight robbery that happened on Friday in Sector 45.The incident had happened at 1pm and according to the police, five thieves entered House No. 924 belonging to Meena Aggarwal. The owners were not at home at the time of the incident. The thieves decamped with jewellery and valuables worth lakhs of rupees.Speaking to TOI, Aggarwal said : \"Police have been given details of the items that are stolen but so far no arrests have been made. I am just hoping that the culprits are arrested as soon as possible.\"The colony RWA, meanwhile, says the shoddy security arrangement is responsible for the series of thefts that have taken place in the past. \"The thieves are striking at their will in the colony even in the daytime and this has shocked all the residents. The RWA has met the city police and sought deployment of a PCR near the colony,\" said a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13308481", "title": "Sonia Gandhi\u2019s battle cry: Save Congress in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: It's the Congress's last gambit. Faced with the prospect of a rout in the upcoming byelections that could begin the process of party's disintegration in Andhra Pradesh , Sonia Gandhi has given the signal for an all-out assault to save the party in its last citadel. The strategy has two prongs: a go ahead to the CBI to expedite its investigations in the Jagan assets case without sparing anyone, and to rein in Congressmen who are showing signs of pulling in all directions.As a result, the CBI now has begun treading a rapier sharp course. The agency has been told that 'no-holds-barred' is their mission target. For the time being, nobody, no minister or no civil servant needs to be spared. Home minister P Chidambaram, without interfering in the activities of CBI, is now overseeing this part of the operation. Sonia's political secretary Ahmed Patel has been told to oversee the other part of the operation - to ensure that rebel Congressmen fall in line - at least for the time being and that they fan out to canvass for votes for the official party candidates where the bypolls are being held.In line with this plan, Patel had personally telephoned dissident Congressmen and asked them to plunge headlong into the campaigning. As a result of this, ministers and other party worthies like D L Ravindra Reddy, Rayapati Sambasiva Rao, Galla Aruna Kumari, Gandra Venkata Reddy, C Ramachandraiah and Peddireddy Ramachandra Reddy have fallen in line and been canvassing for the official candidates in their areas. Pradesh Congress chief Botsa Satyanarayana, who had lost no opportunity in the past to announce that he would be happy to see the back of Kiran Kumar Reddy, has also been told to swear loyalty to the chief minister. Union minister Vyalar Ravi has been stationed in Hyderabad to gather first-hand information about what these Congress leaders are doing and immediately report the happenings to the high command.Information trickling out of the CBI office is that more industrialists, ministers and some civil servants will be called for questioning on the alleged dubious deals of the YSR era. It is understood that the CBI had informally queried about 'how far they could go' because the 'ecosystem in the YSR era' was such that the number of those suspected of complicity in the deals was possibly very large.Selectively going against some would also lead to problems in the court of law because the judges could ask why some were left out and others being nabbed, CBI had said. However, analysts with deep knowledge of how the Indian political system works, aver that at a later stage many of those nabbed would manage to get off the hook.These analysts also say that the aggressive CBI action will additionally act as a warning to those party leaders wanting to join Jagan that they could end up getting the wrong end of the stick if they did so. Although, after wide-ranging consultations, the party high command is quite convinced that the party will end up with a marginal tally, the thinking is that a concerted campaign can narrow Jagan's victory margins. This will deter the fence sitters from jumping straight into Jagan's lap. This in turn will reduce the possibility of the Kiran Kumar government getting destabilized. Sources said that though deeply unhappy with the performance of Kiran Kumar Reddy, Sonia is not planning to replace him. \"She is focused on saving the Congress in the state. And this is vital to the party's future in the next general election,\" said a clued in source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13310554", "title": "The stalkers of Bollywood", "text": "When Michael Douglas received a letter from his stalker Dawnette Knight, saying that she would cut up his wife, Oscar-winning actor Catherine Zeta-Jones , into pieces, the Hollywood star had to seek police help. The stalker was tried and sentenced to three years in prison. That was in 2003-04 , but stalking by crazy fans is as much a part of the Hollywood package as glamour and swish lifestyle - almost every few months a stalker there is either being served a restraining order or a prison term for hounding the stars.But the trend, not generally associated with Bollywood fans who are more starstruck than bent upon harming their idols, seems to be catching up in Mumbai too. Last month, Shahid Kapoor had to turn to the police for help against his stalker, daughter of the late actor Raaj Kumar. The star didn't press the issue and chose to remain silent, probably due to the stalker's pedigree, but his friends say otherwise. \"What if one of his remarks upset the stalker? It could have dangerous results,\" says a friend of Kapoor's .Bollywood actors revel in the veneration of their fans but unlike Hollywood don't do much about it. With not many even filing complaints with the police, legal action remains limited.Vidya Balan , for instance, was recently stalked by a youngster after her recent successes at the box office -' The Dirty Picture' and 'Kahani'. A spokesperson for Balan told Sunday Times, \"He managed to get into her flat and asked the domestic help if Vidya had gone to meet her niece and nephew.\" The family called the police who took him away, but there was no long-term measure adopted against him.A big reason for the leniency shown to stalkers is the fact that they are not criminals . It's a psychiatric condition triggered by obsession with a star. Says psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty, \"Stalkers suffer from a pathological focus on an object and a false belief that the victim loves him or her. Or they need to possess the victim. Any sign of disapproval, rejection or perceived rejection by the victim may turn into violence.\"While they are not criminals, what makes them dangerous is their ability to harm - not just the star but others and themselves as well. Small-time model Jahanvi Kapoor, who had appeared with Abhishek Bachchan in the song 'Dus Bahane' (in the 2005 film 'Dus' ), had slashed her wrists just before his marriage to Aishwarya Rai, claiming to be his wife. The police had taken her away but no case was registered as she was found to be mentally unstable. Mental imbalance was the reason cited in the case of Sanjay Dutt's stalker as well who had begun claiming to be his wife in the 1990s. Dutt's former business manager Pankaj Kharbanda says, \"We complained to the police but couldn't do much as she was mentally disturbed.\" Even in Shahid Kapoor's case, only a complaint was filed with the police and no other action was taken.Rakesh Maria, chief of anti-terrorism squad, Mumbai, says, \"We are in a Catch 22 situation. If we say that the stalker is not disturbed, we are blamed for favouring the accused. So we send them for a medical examination.\" He affirms that celebrities complain about stalkers but don't want to file complaints.Crazy behaviour by fans, however, is not a new phenomenon in Bollywood even though it hasn't reached Hollywood proportions yet. Film writer Udaya Tara Nayar recalls an incident when she was travelling with Meena Kumari in her car. \"We were at a signal at Sion (Mumbai) when her stalker blocked her car and refused to move. The traffic came to a halt and the crowd tried to dissuade him but he remained adamant and began weeping . She was scared but spoke to him, asking him to come home.\" The actress did meet him later and gave him her autographed picture.While that may have been harmless adulation by a fan, actors today cannot possibly mingle freely with their stalkers for obvious reasons. Recalling her 'worst experience' , Celina Jaitley says, \"A drug addict started turning up at the shoots when we were shooting in Mauritius. Once, he misbehaved with me when I was sitting in between shots at a marketplace.\" The mall security had to take control of the situation.The dynamics of the stalker-celeb equation too have changed due to the way celebrities dominate the mindspace of their fans today - a lot more is known about them in public domain than before, which only whets the appetite of the stalkers to reach their stars. The celebrities are almost as easily accessible as your other long-distance friends through social networking sites. And for a fanatical fan, getting hold of a star's mobile phone number is not that tough. But a smart celeb can turn around a potentially harmful situation to his advantage. When music composer Vishal Dadlani was abused by a stalker on Twitter and over phone, he tweeted the man's number and asked his fans to call him up.Maria's suggestion to the celebrities is to begin filing complaints against stalkers as he feels that the latter can potentially harm them. It seems it will be a while before Bollywood stars make up their minds to take this tough decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13308679", "title": "Maharashtra electricity distribution body offers amnesty plan to domestic consumers", "text": "PUNE: About 1.44 lakh domestic consumers in Pune zone of the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited ( MSEDCL), whose power supply was disconnected for not paying electricity bills, have been offered an amnesty scheme if they pay the original bill amount.A statement issued by the distribution company on Friday said that if these 1.44 lakh consumers paid their original bill amount with 10% interest by June, their 90% interest liability on the arrears and 100% fine amount will be waived. They will also be given new electricity connections. Those paying the arrears after June will have to pay 50% interest liability.The statement said that the 1.44 lakh domestic consumers owed Rs 98.79 crore bill arrears as on March 31, 2012. The interest on this amount was Rs 41.92 crore and the accumulated fine was Rs 2.02 crore. Those who clear the bill arrears will save Rs 21.97 crore worth of interest and fine amount.Among the defaulters are 55,944 consumers in Rasta Peth circle, 46,104 consumers in Ganeshkhind circle and 42,132 consumers in Pune rural circle. Consumers who have not been served a court decree of attachment by December 31, 2011 will also be eligible for the amnesty scheme, the statement added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13310929", "title": "Delayed national highway projects under review", "text": "NEW DELHI: At least 87 NH projects are running behind schedule, and in some cases the delay is more than seven years. Unhappy with the tardy progress of highway construction, the highways ministry has started a state-wise review of progress - starting with Uttar Pradesh - to expedite the unfinished task that has led to huge time overrun and cost escalation.Sources said that strict instructions have been issued to all government officials and private contractors to complete the delayed projects within the revised deadline. A review of all the 11 NH projects in UP were discussed at a meeting, chaired by highways minister C P Joshi, on Friday.Most of these projects are delayed beyond three years. Agra-Sikohabad (50.83km) is the worst affected stretch since it is running 87 months behind schedule. \"The contractors cited financial liquidity, non-availability of land and environment clearances as the major hurdles in completing the delayed projects. We have asked them to meet the deadline, and all officials have been directed to push for clearances and land acquisition,\" said a senior ministry official.He added that the minister will soon hold a review meeting of the other states, where NH work has been delayed by years. \"We started with UP, which has the largest network of NHs. While only a few of the delayed projects across the country are on build-operate-transfer (BOT-toll) mode, and most are cash contract ventures,\" said a ministry official.Recently, the parliamentary standing committee on road transport and highways had pulled up the ministry for failing to complete a single programme like the ambitious Golden Quadrilateral network, despite undertaking new ventures and initiatives.The government has announced to meet the target of constructing 20 km highways per day before the 2014 parliamentary polls.TARDY PROGRESSProject............................................Uncompleted Stretch.........Time overrunSilchar-Udarband (Assam)..................12.5km...............................57 monthsBridge Section (WB-III).......................1.2km................................59 monthsGarhmukteswar-Muradabad (UP).........0.4km.................................57 monthsHapur-Garhmukteswar (UP)..................2.5km................................57 monthsBorkhedi-JM (Maharashtra)..................0.4km................................52 monthsVijaypur-Pathankot (J&K;).....................0.3km................................51 months", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13310178", "title": "'The Interview' has the right answers", "text": "NAGPUR: For those who introduce themselves as soft skill trainers, this one is way ahead of what they have ever taken up in their workshops. 'The Interview', written by Siddharth Kumar and directed by Akarsh Khurana, is a play that tackles upfront the complexities and the pressures hounding today's competitive youth.Staged at the JR Shaw Auditorium on Saturday evening, it was an AKvarious production presented by Stagecraft.Set in a corporate office, the play moves the entire course of a job aspirant's interview, putting him at the receiving end of the interviewer's eccentricities and also bringing forth the different facets of his personality.The play begins on an innocent note, with a familiar image of each one present in a room stretching out their arms, eyes fixed on their cell phones. Inane questions considered a must at every job interview, are asked and answered. But soon it unspools into a conversation that is like a quicksand, sucking up the aspirant into situations which are beyond his control.It is the script, taut and not floundering even once, that keeps the audiences glued. It attempts to provide a glimpse of corporate mind games that are played out in the office space.The young writer and director of 'The Interview' strive to combine the anxieties and pressures of their peer who in a way are ready to make every compromise and suffer every ignominy to be in the race. Smart dialogues peppered with cuss words and with a liberal smattering of business world jargon flow thick and fast. But what lends the edge to the play is the fingering around with the psyche of the characters, which the director does with such finesse.Karan Pandit, who plays the job aspirant, pumps in reality to the act. His timing, clarity of speech and body language all combine to project a guy quite desperate yet still in hold of his senses. Kashin Shetty as the interviewer looks the part and plays it well too. Adhir Bhat as the insecure mid level manager succeeds in drawing out the complexities of his character and Prerna Chawla as the wily secretary does her bit.The play has been winning awards and has travelled from Hissar to Hyderabad winning accolades. But to spread it more evenly and to heighten the intrigue, the writer would do well to add a bit of twist to this tale. This would help add dimensions other then just a discussion over sexual escapades.The play would be staged again today at the same venue at 7.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13308765", "title": "'Probe officials' kin running sonography centres'", "text": "PUNE: Corporators on Friday demanded a probe into the allegations that relatives of civic health officials were running sonography centres in the city.Congress leader Arvind Shinde raised the issue in the general body meeting and said that a health department official's partner was running a sonography centre recently sealed by the civic body for irregularities in filling Form-F. Under the PCPNDT Act, every sonologist is required to fill Form-F before conducting an ultrasound.\"If the PMC health officials' relatives are involved in sex determination tests, what can we expect from other medical practitioners?\" he asked. He demanded strict implementation of the PCPNDT (Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques) Act.Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said that only one such case was detected and it was sub-judice. He refuted allegations that the civic body has shut down the special cell formed to prevent misuse of sonography machines in the city. \"We have decentralised the cell and appointed senior doctors in four different zones with required equipment,\" Pathak added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13316927", "title": "Don't ban IPL, get rid of evils in the game: Uddhav Thackeray", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray on Sunday said he is not in favour of banning the controversy-ridden Indian Premier League (IPL).IPL is a good entertainment for sports lovers cutting across age groups, Uddhav told reporters.\"Just get rid of the evils like fixing, bookies and incidents like the Shah Rukh-MCA officials brawl. Otherwise, IPL is good,\" he added.Sena chief Bal Thackeray had on Saturday in the party mouthpiece 'Saamana' criticised Shah Rukh over the episode that took place at the Wankhede cricket stadium.Congress leader and former Union Minister Gurudas Kamat said he was also against scrapping of IPL.\"Negatives are there in all fields. We need to overcome them and bring about improvement,\" he said, when asked about the controversies surrounding the Twenty20 tournament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13308615", "title": "Guard, cop save woman who leapt off sea link in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A 23-year-old woman, who had fought with her husband on the phone, jumped into the sea from the Bandra-Worli Sea Link on Saturday afternoon, but was rescued by a security guard and a constable after the driver of her taxi raised an alarm. Kalpana (name changed), who had left her three-year-old child with her mother in Kandivli, was booked for attempting suicide.After she was discharged from hospital that treated her for minor injuries. The guard also received superficial injuries.Police said Kalpana's husband, who used to work for a call centre, had shifted to Bangalore some time ago, leading the woman to suspect that he was having an extra-marital affair. They often used to fight over the issue.After one such argument on the phone on Saturday afternoon, Kalpana left the Kandivli home in a huff and took a train to Santa Cruz. There she hailed a taxi and asked the driver to take the sea link to Worli. Once across, she asked the driver to turn back.The taxi had barely got on to the link again when she asked the driver to stop, saying she couldn't find her purse. As soon as the driver stopped, she got out and jumped from a height of about 20 ft. The stunned driver quickly gathered his wits and shouted for help. Anzul Haque, a private guard deployed for the security of the sea link at its Worli-end, and a constable on duty heard the cries.\"She was struggling in the water. We entered the sea over the rocks, then jumped into the water, swam to her and pulled her to safety with the help of a bamboo stick,\" said Haque. Kalpana was unconscious when she was rescued and the police took her to hospital.Later, informed by the police, her mother and brother came to the police station and took her back after the police had recorded their statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13310516", "title": "Tinted glass banned in Madurai from May 25", "text": "MADURAI: After Chennai, the state police are all set to enforce the ban on tinted glass in windows and windshields of cars and other four-wheelers in Madurai from May 25.The ban comes in the wake of a Supreme Court order to enforce the ban on tinted glass across the country, as using black film is a violation under the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988. According to the act, windshields must have at least 70% transparency and windows a minimum of 50% transparency. The Delhi and Bangalore police are already implementing the rule and fining violators. For security reasons, vehicles of VIPs are being exempt from the rule.In Madurai, the police will immediately start creating public awareness by informing motorists about the ban. Once the ban is enforced, motorists will be penalised for violations under the Motor Vehicles Act.A statement from the police said the fine would be Rs 100 for first-time offenders while Rs 300 would be levied on persons found to violate the rule repeatedly. The police would also step in and remove the tinted film on the cars.\"Tinted glass conceals the passengers of the vehicle and it becomes impossible to check if there are suspicious persons inside. Anti-social activities inside the vehicle would also go unnoticed. Besides, tinted glass would also cause difficulty for the driver of the vehicle in offering proper visibility,\" said the statement.The police have urged the public to remove tinted sheets on windshields and windows within the given time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13318153", "title": "Lokpal bill may be referred to Joint Select Committee", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Budget session set to conclude on Tuesday, the much-debated Lokpal Bill, instead of being brought in the Rajya Sabha, could be referred to a Joint Select Committee amid lack of consensus on its key provisions.\"A decision will be taken tomorrow\", a Union minister involved in the process said when asked whether the bill would go to a Joint Select Committee or Select Committee. When a Bill comes up before a House for discussion, it may be referred to a Select Committee of the House or a Joint Committee of the two Houses. The Select or the Joint Select Committee considers the Bill clause by clause just as the two Houses do.A senior Congress leader, who declined to be identified, said the possibility of the bill being referred to a Joint Select Committee, cannot be ruled out.Reports said that in the absence of consensus on key provisions of the legislation including the one dealing with Lokpal's superintendence over CBI appears to be deterring the government from bringing the bill in the Rajya Sabha this week. The bill has already been passed by the Lok Sabha.Uncertainty hung over the bill coming up in the Upper House in the current session with finance minister Pranab Mukherjee saying yesterday that the Business Advisory Committee of Rajya Sabha will take a decision.The original plan was to move official amendments to the Lokpal Bill and bring it for passage in the Rajya Sabha on May 21, the penultimate day of the current session. But, the reluctance of BJP and other parties to soften their stand on other amendments sought by them seems to have come in the way of government's consensus-building exercise.BJP has been insisting that the legislation should be passed before the end of the current session, criticising the Union government over the delay in the passage of the Bill for creating an anti-corruption ombudsman.Congress MP Abhishek Singhvi, who had headed the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Law and Personnel, that went into the Lokpal Bill, however, downplayed any possible move to refer it to the Joint Select Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13310019", "title": "New pipeline at railway station inaugurated", "text": "NAGPUR: The water crisis at Nagpur railway station was solved on Saturday after commissioning of a 2.5km-long special pipeline lay from Raj Bhavan to the station. Mayor Anil Sole inaugurated the systemAdditional divisional railway manager (Central Railway) Uday Borwankar told TOI that the requirement of water at Nagpur station is around 40 lakh litre per day. \"Apart from drinking purposes, we require water for washing coaches and railway lines,\" he explained. Nagpur station is an important railway station catering passengers traffic of east-west and north-south direction. About 160 trains pass through Nagpur every day.Due to water scarcity, on many occasions, the railways used to face hardships in cleaning many trains. And many a time, railways faced hardships to meet the demand of water in long distance trains. Due to this, passengers angry had blocked trains, too,\" said a source.The existing system was very old and at many places pipelines had developed leakages, officials said. To meet the demand, the railways also used to avail at least 35 tankers every day.\"In 2010, we had approached the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) to submit our proposal to lay a special pipeline from Rajbhavan reservoir,\" Borwankar said. Within 2 years, NMC had helped the railways to complete the project.The water drawn from the reservoir will be stored at underground storage tank near railway station and then supplied to the station. He gave the credit of strengthening the water supply system at the railway station to the NMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13309139", "title": "Emraan Hashmi wants to live for the moment", "text": "From Footpath to Shanghai , the journey has been an arduous one, but it seems, Emraan Hashmi, has arrived at his Jannat.Without the \"traditional\" looks of the \"usual\" Bollywood hero, Hashmi was initially, given side roles, but his intense acting prowess earned him acclaims and gradually his career gained paced.\"My films appeal to the masses because I think the flicks I do deal with subjects which are close to the aam aadmi. My films talk about jealousy, greed, hatred, sex and dark emotions, which are issues locked in the closet for decades. You need bold directors to make films on such topics. These ideas can connect the common man and hence, I suppose, my films do well,\" he said.Emraan feels that not having a mantra or a so-called methodology actually worked wonders for him. \"I don't want to sound pretentious, but I hardly chose films, instead, films chose me. That is whi the characters offered to me suit me quite well.\"I started off as an assistant director with Vishesh Films in 2003 and worked with Vikram Bhatt for Kasoor, starring Lisa Ray and Aftab Shivdashani,\" he said.Later, after getting involved in full-time movie making, Hashmi was told to appear for an audition for Mahesh Bhatt's Footpath.His USPs: \"I did not have a fairytale beginning and did not have the traditional Hindi filmy looks. I just concentrated on my roles, which fascinated me. That is very important for an actor. Unless, he or she is interested in the role and the script provides a kick, the outcome will not be outstanding,\" adds Hashmi.On Working with Dibakar Banerjee of khosla ka Ghosla, Oye Lucky... Oye and Love, Sex and dhoka fame: \"I always wanted to work with Dibakar. I never met him before doing his film Shanghai. One day he SMSed me for the role and I was really thrilled. I visited him and things worked out. It is needless to say that Dibakar is one of the finest directors the industry has today.\"From Footpath to Shanghai, the journey has been about almost 10 years. Where does Emraan Hashmi see himself in say 2022?(Laughs) \"Can you predict/foresee tomorrow. Isn't 10 years too long a time. Let me live for the moment. Let life takes its course. Why wrack over such a long time and bear the burden,\" he signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13308876", "title": "Mumbai-New Delhi Rajdhani Express turns 40", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai-New Delhi Rajdhani Express celebrated a quiet birthday on May 17, forty years after it made its inaugural journey from then Bombay Central to the national capital in 1972.The first Rajdhani Express was introduced three years earlier in 1969 between Howrah and New Delhi and was the first fully air-conditioned train.Chief public relations officer of WR Sharat Chandrayan said, \"May 17 marks a red-letter day in the history of Indian Railways as it was on this day that this premier train was introduced to connect the country's commercial capital with its political capital.\"The train's popularity can be gauged from the fact that its reservation chart is prepared only 15 minutes before departure.The train has undergone a sea change over the years to maintain its numero uno position. A railway official said, \"When the train was first introduced, it was hauled by a single WDM-2 diesel locomotive and WAP alternating current locos for electric traction. For some years, a double-headed engine was also used to maintain speed.\"Since the traction was electrified continuously on this route, diesel engines were used between Mumbai and Vadodra. This necessitated the change of locos. Dual traction AC-DC W-CAM 2P locos were introduced in 1993, which made the hauling of train on electrical traction possible up to Mumbai Central. In the early days, the train took 19 hours and 5 minutes to cover the distance as against the 15 hours and 50 minutes it takes today; the return journey (New Delhi to Mumbai Central) takes 16 hours and five minutes.Chandrayan said, \"The speed improved due to electrification and change in traction technology, besides the doubling of lines on this route.\" WR is planning to further reduce the running time after the conversion of traction from DC to AC between Churchgate and Virar. Till 1988, when the Bhopal Shatabdi Express with 140 kmph made its debut, Rajdhani Express was the fastest train with 115-120 kmph.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13310398", "title": "A2Z company booked for burning garbage in open", "text": "INDORE: Five senior officials of A2Z company have been booked under Air (Prevention &amp; Control of Pollution) Act by Madhya Pradesh Pollution Control Board (MPPCB) for causing air pollution in the city. MPPCB shared this information in its reply to a public interest litigation (PIL) filed in High Court on Friday. A2Z company is given contract by Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) for collection and disposal of municipal solid waste in the city. The company is accused of burning garbage in open at trenching ground at Devguraria against the directions of High Court.MPPCB in its 70-page reply to HC stated that they have given several notices to the company for burning garbage in open. On two occasions, MPPCB officials also visited the trenching ground and prepared panchnama. But despite all these, A2Z company continued to burn municipal solid waste in open. MPPCB hence booked the senior officials of A2Z company including MD Anil Mittal, director B P Mittla, CEO K V S Nair, joint MD Dr Rajnish Mehta and plant head Abhishek Pathak under different sections of Air (Prevention &amp; Control of Pollution) Act last month against. When contacted, A2Z company officials refused to comment on the issue.Kishor Kodwani of Vikas Mitra Dhristi 2050 had filed a PIL over garbage making Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC), Indore Development Authority (IDA), MPPCB and A2Z company the respondents. On Friday, IMC, IDA and A2Z company again asked for more time to file their replies. Next hearing is scheduled in June.Some time back, the forest department had also written a letter to the IMC, complaining against the burning of garbage at Devguraria. The forest department, in its letter to the IMC, has written that continuous burning of garbage at trenching ground is causing problems for the wild animals and bio-diversity of Ralamandal Wildlife Sanctuary. Chief conservator of forest (CCF) Dr PC Dubey said that they had written two letters to the IMC in last few months over the ill-effects of garbage on wild animals and plants of Ralamandal, but civic body didn't respond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "rome", "code": "13312761", "title": "Bhupathi-Bopanna out of Rome Masters", "text": "ROME: The seventh seed Indian pair of Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna crashed out of the ATP Rome Masters after suffering a straight-sets defeat at the hands of Marcel Granollers and Marc Lopez.The Spaniards raced to a 6-4, 6-1 win in one hour and five minutes in the semifinals of the euro 2,427,975 clay court event.Bhupathi and Bopanna had their chances in the second set, getting two breakpoints but they squandered both. They dropped their serve thrice in the same set.Granollers and Lopez had also upset third seeds Michael Llodra and Nenad Zimonjic in the quarterfinals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "13310270", "title": "Mystery shrouds engineering student's death", "text": "ANGUL: Mystery continues to shroud the death of an engineering student, whose body was found on railway tracks near Dhenkanal two weeks ago.Police sources said the deceased, Sagarika Pattnaik (21), was a first year B.Tech student at Koustav Institute of Self Domain in Bhubaneswar. Police had recovered a handbag, a mobile phone and purse from the spot. Police suspect it to be a case of suicide because a note recovered from the site read: \"I love you papa, I love you mama.\"The girl's father, Babuli Pattnaik, however, refused to believe that Sagarika took her own life. \"My daughter had gone missing two days before she was found dead on May 1. Someone killed her and I want justice,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13309090", "title": "Shivaansh tops ICSE with 96.6%", "text": "LUDHIANA: The competition between schools for the ICSE (Class X) and ISC (Class XII) results-2012 was mostly limited to just two city schools. Students finally got a breather after the much awaited results were declared on Saturday.Shivaansh of Sacred Heart Convent, Ludhiana-Chandigarh Road, topped the district Class X results with 96.6% marks. Following him closely was his schoolmate Bhavishya Mehta with 95.6% while, at the third position was Eshana Ghuman of Sat Paul Mittal with 95.4% marks.The Class XII (ISC) results saw a turnaround as Sat Paul Mittal student Nyamat Chadha topped the science stream with 94.75% marks. He was followed by Karuna Jain of Sacred Heart Convent with 88.75% marks. At third position was Simardeep Bhalla (85.75%) of Sat Paul Mittal and Angel Rozario of Sacred Heart Convent followed at fourth position (85.5%).Grisha Aggarwal of Sat Paul Mittal topped the commerce stream with 92.5%, followed by Roxy Garg of Sacred Heart Convent with 91.5% and Rahul Thapar of Sat Paul Mittal with 90.5% marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13310395", "title": "Fire at State Bank of India branch", "text": "INDORE: Important documents were gutted as fire broke out at State Bank of India's branch situated at GPO crossing on the intervening night of Friday and Saturday. Though the amount of total loss is yet to be ascertained. The fire struck third floor of the bank and it is believed that many important documents were destroyed in the incident apart from computer, furniture, AC and almirah. Reportedly, documents related to loans were kept on the third floor.About the incident, fire brigade official said that a fire tender and three tankers were pressed into service. The incident took place at around 1.30 am and it took three hours to douse the fire. Official said that the fire was once doused but it again emerged as the AC compressor burst.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13310220", "title": "Impersonators caught appearing in Odisha joint entrance examination", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An organized attempt to rig Odisha Joint Entrance Examination (OJEE) and secure medical seats by fraudulent means has come to light around two weeks after OJEE squads detected four persons appearing the test on behalf of others at an examination centre in Kolkata on May 6.A Kolkata court sent the four impersonators to judicial custody on Saturday. Police had arrested the four following a complaint from the OJEE. \"We produced them in court after 14 days' custody. The court sent them to judicial custody,\" said R K Dash, police officer in-charge at Ultadanga police station in Kolkata.Police said all the four impersonators were second year medical students who charged Rs 50,000 each from a middleman for appearing the test for four aspirants. Besides, the middleman had arranged flights for them, to and from their places in Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh to Kolkata, and accommodation in the city on May 6.Police has launched a manhunt to nab the middleman and the aspirants for whom the dummies appeared the test. Police said the amount paid by the candidates to the middleman can be known only after the latter is arrested.Prima facie it appears an organized ring worked to arrange medical seats in government colleges for a price, police added. Police, however, declined to identify the medical college where the impostors studied.OJEE secretary Priyabrata Sahoo said the OJEE was fully cooperating with Kolkata police in the case. \"They had asked us for details of candidates for whom the culprits appeared. We have already provided the information to them,\" Sahoo said.OJEE sources identified the four candidates for whom the copycats took the test as Shakti Swarup Mishra, a resident of Sambalpur, Nigamananda Behera (Cuttack), Chandan Kumar Sahu and Sampad Sagar Rath, both from Bhubaneswar. While Manoj Kumar from Rajasthan appeared the test for Sahu, Nausad Ali (Rajasthan) took the entrance for Sampad Sagar Rath. Md Rahim from Uttar Pradesh substituted for Behera, while another unnamed person from UP appeared for Mishra.The four impersonators had invited suspicion on May 6 because they submitted the answer sheets much before the deadline and when the supervisors asked them some general questions, they could not understand Odia. They appeared to be in a hurry, raising the distrust further. Scrutiny of their answer sheets revealed that they had performed exceedingly well, good enough to secure a medical seat, the senior OJEE officer said. However, when faced with sustained questioning, they admitted to the fraud, the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13308546", "title": "Write all prescriptions in capital letters, Mumbai citizens tell doctors", "text": "MUMBAI: It turns out that all those jokes about doctors' scrawl are not funny at all.Doctors' illegible handwriting causes 7,000 deaths in the US every year and another 1.5 million Americans report minor adverse reactions-be it diarrhoea or rashes-or even death.Now, a movement has begun in Mumbai asking the medical fraternity to write prescriptions in \"separate, capital letters\". The brainchild of an NGO called the Forum for Enhancement of Quality in Healthcare (FEQH) and the Quality Council of India (a semi-government organization accrediting services), the first meeting on the issue held last week was attended by representatives of medical associations and NGOs. The campaign borrows from QCI's hospital accreditation system called the National Accreditation Board for Hospitals (NABH) which requires prescriptions to be written in capital letters.\"We don't have an estimate of how many people suffer or die because prescriptions written by doctors couldn't be deciphered by pharmacists. But going by the US estimates, we can be sure that India, where 40 lakh prescriptions are written every day, has a fair share of errors,\" said FEQH chairperson Prakash Gadgil.Few cases of the tragedy that poor handwriting can wreak have made it to the annals of Indian medical history; in the most famous one, a three-year-old child died at the Spring Meadows Hospital in Noida a decade ago. The family was awarded Rs 17.5 lakh in compensation by the National Consumer Forum.Medico-legal expert Dr Lalit Kapoor from the Association of Medical Consultants ( AMC ) recalled that the pediatrician had diagnosed the child with typhoid fever and written out a prescription that included an injection of chloromycetin to be given intravenously. But the nurse read the medicine as chloroquine and the child died after suffering for a few days. \"I always tell young doctors that their bad handwriting could cost them lakhs,\" said Dr Kapoor.But will doctors accept the 'write in capitals' campaign? Dr Mukesh Gupta, who edits AMC's medical journal Grasp, is positive. \"There are always situations in which the nurse is not sure if 51U is '5 international units' or '51 units'. It would be better to write medicines in capitals,\" he said.The difficulty would be in changing decades of habit. \"The habit (of writing in capitals) has to begin in medical schools for it to catch on,\" said Kapoor. But as Gupta added: \"We could write out 100 prescriptions in capitals the time we take to answer phone calls from patients needing to reconfirm the medicines they bought.\"The prescription writing habit is changing worldwide. Almost a third of all the prescriptions in the US are electronic. The e-change occurred after a Cornell University study in 2010 showed that nearly two in five handwritten prescriptions had errors.Closer home, state government-run JJ Hospital in Byculla offers only computerized prescriptions. \"We want to implement the computerized prescription plan in all our 14 medical colleges. While this wasn't envisaged due to poor handwriting of doctors, there is no denying that it cuts down on prescription errors,\" said JJ Hospital dean T P Lahane.But given the uneven computerization levels in India, Gadgil felt that writing in capital letters would be a better option, especially at stand-alone clinics. Dr Snehalate Deshmukh, former vice-chancellor of Bombay University and former dean of Sion Hospital, concurred, with a caveat: \"Doctors shouldn't forget their verbal communication and remember to brief the patient on how to take the medicines.\"Mukesh Gupta said the idea would be best implemented by doctors themselves. \"We could get doctors' associations to put out statements in medical journals. We could have slides about it during continued medical education lectures, associations could send SMSes to their members, etc,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13309769", "title": "Adajan flyover to be inaugurated on May 25", "text": "SURAT: There is some good news for residents of Adajan. Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has decided to inaugurate the approach track of Gujarat Gas flyover connecting Bhulka Bhavan School to Sardar Bridge on May 25, ending a long wait for the people.The deadline for completion of construction work was set for June 2011. However, the contractor failed to meet the deadline due to problems arising out of shifting of drainage, water and other underground service lines in the stretch from Sardar bridge to Gujarat Gas circle.In the past, residents of Adajan had registered a strong protest against the civic body and the bridge contractor for delaying the construction work. Last year, residents of Ankur Society had blocked the traffic on the main thoroughfare at Adajan to protest the delay.Official sources said the civil work of the approach track connecting Bhulka Bhavan to Sardar Bridge was completed last month, but the bridge could not be inaugurated as the standing committee had blacklisted the contractor, who was awarded the work for erecting electricity poles.Jatin Shah, city engineer, told TOI, \"We are doing the electricity work on our own so that the bridge can be inaugurated on May 25. The other section of the bridge is likely to be completed by the first week of August.\"The bridge will be inaugurated by mayor Rajendra Desai in the presence of ruling party leaders and senior civic officials including municipal commissioner Manoj Das.The Rs 28-crore worth flyover's construction had started two years ago. The 1,339 metre-long flyover was planned to ease the traffic flow in Adajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13309985", "title": "Rajeesh brain behind TP murder, says Special Investigation Team", "text": "KOZHIKODE: CPM activist T K Rajeesh, arrested in connection with the murder of Revolutionary Marxist Party leader T P Chandrasekharan, is emerging as one of the key figure in the conspiracy that culminated in the May 4 brutality at Onchiyam, sources said here on Saturday.It has been suspected that Rajeesh was in the Toyota Innova car that had knocked down Chandrasekhar off his two-wheeler, before he was hacked to death. Sources in the Special Investigation Team, however, said the suspect's exact role in the murder was yet to be established.Known as T K in CPM circles, Rajeesh had a clean criminal record, though the Kottiyodi native, a close associate of a party leader in Kannur, was reportedly the mastermind behind several attacks on CPM's political rivals in Thalassery taluk.In a related development, the police on Saturday recorded the arrest of Jyothibabu, the Kunnothuparamba local committee member of the CPM, who was taken into custody on Friday. Another CPM worker from Kathirur near Thalassery was also taken into custody.The SIT has found that there had been talk about an impending political clash in Chokli and adjoining areas a few days before Chandrasekharan's murder. Rajeesh's associate and chicken-stall owner Sreekesh of Chokli had reportedly told his friends about an impending hartal. He was interrogated to find the source of this information.Meanwhile, the Vadakara police registered a case against CPM state committee member M V Jayarajan and others taking out a rally out without permission and also for obstructing vehicular traffic.Jayarajan had staged a sit-in dharna in front of the Vadakara DySP office on Friday demanding the release of C Babu, secretary of the Koothuparamba area committee office. Babu was later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13309768", "title": "HTET qualifiers resort to Gandigiri, give traffic lessons to motorists", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a bid to intensify their stir against the Haryana government, the members of Patra Adhyapak Sangh, a body of qualifiers of Haryana state eligibility test on Saturday resorted to Gandhigiri and taught motorists, the traffic rules, outside the education directorate in Panckula here on Saturday.Meanwhile, the fast unto death started by 21 such protesting members entered the fourth day. The protesters also burnt the effigy of director, secondary education to express their resentment.Around 1 lakh qualifiers of HTET (Haryana Teacher Eligibility Test ), a test conducted by Haryana Board are protesting against the government move of waiving off the condition related to test for the recruitment of teachers. Targeted to accommodate 15,000 guest teachers currently working in government schools, the Haryana government had amended the rule in the month of April this year.We are an educated class and can not take law in our hands, hence we decided to resort to this kind of agitation. Today we have cleaned windscreens of cars and have educated the drivers about road safety rules. So far as our fast until death is concerned, it has entered the fourth day and we shall not withdraw until government withdraw its move of HTET waiver in teachers recruitment,'' Rajinder Sharma, the state president of Patra Adyapak Sangh, said.\"If government cannot withdraw the move, then it must give an employment to the post of lecturers, professors or recruit us to the Haryana civil services (HCS) and give us time of four years to qualify the written tests or interviews,\" added Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13309050", "title": "Thieves attempt to rob crude oil, thousands of litres spill into desert", "text": "JAIPUR: An attempt to rob crude oil on Saturday caused spill from Mundra-Panipat pipeline at Jataon Ka Bass in Jaisinghpura Khor on Saturday.Sources claimed that around 2,000 to 3,000 litre of crude oil spilled over in the deserted fields of Jataon Ka Bass area. The district administration and the police swung into action when they got the information about the leakage of crude oil from the Indian Oil Corporation pipeline.Brahmpuri police station house officer Ashok Chouhan said, \"Some oil thieves have damaged the pipelines while attempting the theft. We have lodged an FIR against unidentified thieves. We are investigating into the matter to find out who were involved in the case.\"Moreover, a disaster management team of the district administration has also reached to the spot. Phool Chand, deputy controller of disaster management, Jaipur district, said, \"The situation is under control. Fire brigade has also been called. The officials of IOCL are repairing the pipeline.\"He said crude oil from Mundra in Gujarat is supplied to Panipat in Harayana. There is an oil refinery in Panipat to which the crude oil from Mundra is supplied. The repairing work of the pipeline continued till late in the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13310054", "title": "School teacher accused of torturing 11-year-old student", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (ASCPCR) on Saturday registered a complaint against Aporajoy Bhagawati, a teacher of Bhabanipur Primary School in Noonmati area of the city. Kishanan Thakuria, the class V student of the Bhabanipur Primary School, and his father Bhabesh approached the commission seeking justice against the cruelty inflicted by the teacher at the government school.ASCPCR chairperson Suchitra Kakoty said, \"Kishanan was beaten up badly on Friday because he was not being able to write English as asked by the teacher. It was quite shocking to see the injury marks on the back of the student. We have taken up the matter very seriously and assure that the commission will take necessary steps against the offender. Such act of cruelty against children needs to be condemned. Strict action will be taken against him as per service rule.\" She said that the complainant has told the commission that such inhuman torture is inflicted on other students at the school as well.ASCPCR sources said that though similar barbaric acts by some of the teachers are rampant across the state, most guardians hesitate to approach the commission fearing repercussions and negligence towards their children by the school authorities in the future. ASCPCR will conduct hearing on the case and president of the managing committee of Bhabanipur Primary School and the accused teacher will be summoned.Meanwhile, a team of members and consultants of ASCPCR, magistrate, labour inspector, member of Child Line, Guwahati and a team of Dispur police visited the residence of one M I Chowdhury at \"Prestige Tower\" in Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed Nagar late on Friday and rescued another 11-year-old boy working there as a domestic help. Chowdhury is a government servant holding the position of assistant director in a state government department. The Chairperson directed the labour inspector and member of Child Line to produce the boy before the Child Welfare Committee, Guwahati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13309156", "title": "Answersheets on net a blessing for unsuccessful students", "text": "JAIPUR: Many students who could not make it to the IIT-JEE this year, would be able to learn from their mistakes in the exam due to the new screening process.For the first time, Optical Marks Recognition (OMR) sheets of every student was put on website, bringing transparency in the exam. This has enabled many students, especially those who were behind the cut off marks of 141, to rectify whatever problems they had in particular subjects.\"This year, the cut off is around 35% compared to 2011 when it was 48%. Those who score below 141 marks out of 400 can find out their performance and can work hard in the subjects in which they got less marks,\" said Nishant Mishra, a city student who could not make it to IIT-JEE.He said that with the online OMR sheet, he realized that he did not fare well in physics, especially. \"Earlier, after knowing that we were unsuccessful due to non-availability of answersheets, it was difficult to find our weakness,\" said Phulguni Sharma who too appeared in the exam.The coaching institutes are also expecting to increase the number of students this year. \"Those who were marginally below will prepare again and will surely join coaching institutes, which will definitely increase the number of students in various coaching institutes,\" said Suresh Dwivedi, centre head of a coaching institute.Parents, whose children were unsuccessful, were also relieved with this new system. Shikha Agarwal, whose son Nikhil Agarwal could not make it, said: \"After going through the answersheets we are convinced that our son has fared badly in all the subjects as his percentage was nearly 27%. Thus, it has given an idea that he will have to work hard to get through this exam,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/berhampur", "code": "13310249", "title": "Grocery shop owner's son tops IIT-JEE in Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/BERHAMPUR: Rakesh Ranjan Nayak, the son of a grocery shop owner with limited financial means in remote riot-hit Kandhamal district, has topped Odisha in the IIT-JEE, results of which were announced on Friday.Rakesh secured an all-India rank of 154. \"I expected to be within the top 500. But 154 was a big surprise. Moreover, topping in the state doubled my happiness,\" he said. Rakesh's father Rajkishore is a matriculate while his mother Sabita is a Class VIII pass.Hailing from a below poverty line (BPL) family in Sarangada village, 45 km from the district headquarters town of Phulbani, Rakesh studied till Class 12 in Jawahar Nayodaya Vidyalya Phulbani. \"I aspire to study electrical engineering in IIT, Bombay,\" said Rakesh whose rank among OBC is 18th.After unsuccessfully appearing for the test last year, Rakesh had joined a private coaching centre in Bhubaneswar. \"It was a difficult choice to prepare for one more year as my family struggled a lot to support me financially though my teachers encouraged me to take the test,\" he said. Rakesh had scored 95.8 percent in the Class X and 95.2 percent in Plus-II (Science) examination. \"We were sure he will succeed,\" said A K Roy, principal of his school.Rakesh is eldest of three siblings. While his younger brother Mukesh is a Plus II arts student in a college in Kandhamal, his sister Subhalaxmi is in Class V. Rakesh's non-descript village was suddenly agog with activities on Saturday as several persons from far off places in the district thronged there to greet his parents. \"I am very happy that my son topped in the state in the prestigious IIT-JEE this year,\" said his father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13309932", "title": "Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve field director V K Sinha shifted", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after a tiger was poached and hacked into 10 pieces, heads have started rolling. Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) field director V K Sinha has been shifted with immediate effect. Not only this, in a major move, the entire control of tiger reserve buffer zone will wrest with the field director.Both the notifications were issued by the state government on Saturday evening. Sinha, who is yet to complete his full tenure of three years as field director, will be replaced by young and energetic Virendra Tiwari. Tiwari was chief conservator of forests (CCF) with budget, planning and management at Van Bhavan. He will be replaced by Sinha.Sinha was not available for comment. State's head of forest force (HOFF) A K Joshi confirmed to TOI that Sinha has been replaced by Tiwari. He will assume charge on Monday.Asked whether Sinha's transfer was due to spurt in poaching in the buffer zone of Tadoba - two tigers have been poached near TATR since April 26 -- Joshi admitted that there are various reasons but this is one of the reasons.\"Yet, the fact cannot be denied that Sinha took good initiatives. The transfer is not a reflection on his governance,\" Joshi stressed.Meanwhile, the ambiguity over unified control of TATR buffer has come to an end. On Saturday, a separate notification issued by the government states that henceforth, the entire administrative control of buffer zone will be with the TATR field director. TOI had been frequently raising the issue that overlapping administrative control was a deterrent in tiger protection and its conservation.The government had notified TATR buffer zone on May 5, 2010. It includes 558.81 sq km reserve forest (RF), 113.04 sq km protected forest (PF), and 401.49 sq km other area. Of the 1103.34 sq km combined area, 901.66 sq km belongs to Chandrapur division, 125.51 sq km on lease with Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) and 76.17 sq km area with Brahmapuri division. Chandrapur's around 60% area is under buffer.The new notification says that now all the ongoing forestry works in this area will continue under the field director's control. The HOFF has been entrusted with the task of reorganizing the territorial area apart from buffer.The amended Wildlife (Protection) Act 2006, mentions that existing land uses in the buffer zone can continue with due mainstreaming of wildlife concerns and wildlife protection would be an overlapping mandate for the entire area.Hence, ideally, a deputy director (buffer zone) of the tiger reserve should carry out implementation of inputs like forestry, joint forest management (JFM) and eco-development in forest areas, while ensuring coordination with other sectors. However, there are no deputy directors with Tadoba and Pench tiger reserves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13314539", "title": "Karsewa on Operation Bluestar memorial begins at golden temple", "text": "AMRITSAR: Karsewa began on Sunday at the golden temple complex in Amritsar in memory of those who lost their lives during Operation Bluestar at the golden temple complex. The Indian Army's Operation Bluestar in 1984, which was aimed at flushing out armed militants from the golden temple, had also resulted in the loss of lives of civilians.Baba Harnam Singh Khalsa, jathedar of Akal Takht Giani Gurbachan Singh and Chief of Damdami Taksal, began the karsewa on Sunday. A large number of Sikh devotees and representatives of various Sikh religious organizations gathered at the golden temple to participate in the karsewa. Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee's executive body had approved the construction of a memorial for Operation Bluestar on the basis of a report of a five-member sub-committee constituted for the purpose. Damdami Taksal was entrusted with the karsewa.Talking to TOI, Harnam Singh Khalsa said the Sikhs' long pending demand of the construction of a memorial of Operation Bluestar had finally been fulfilled. He said the memorial structure wouldn't mar the ambiance of the golden temple and that the edifice would be in perfect harmony with the religious atmosphere of the Sikhs' holiest shrine. Harnam Singh said that the portions of buildings which suffered damage and a 'bir' of Guru Granth Sahib with a bullet mark would also be showcased. Jathedar of Akal Takht Giani Gurbachan Singh cautioned the Sikh sangat to not offer donations to any individual or organization towards the memorial except to Damdami Taksal. He feared frauds on this score. Son of Bhinderanwale Ishwar Singh, who was also present on the occasion, called upon the Sikh sangat to overwhelmingly participate in the karsewa. Jathedar of Takht Damdama Sahib Giani Balwant Singh said that \"The memorial relates to Sikh sentiments and it is a historical day for all of us.\" He said there is no opposition to the construction of the memorial but a few people and some organizations had differences over its structure and design, which would be resolved in future. Notably, Shiromani Akali Dal (A), Shiromani Akali Dal (1920) and a few other organizations had opposed the entrusting of the karsewa to Damdami Taksal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13309649", "title": "Borkar says he still has United Goans Democratic Party's support", "text": "MARGAO: While independent candidate for the Cortalim bypoll Ramakant Borkar and United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP) admitted that a \"miscommunication\" while filing Borkar's nomination had led to the Election Commission of India (ECI) not allowing Borkar to use the party's 'two leaves' symbol. However, no love seems to have been lost between the two.While UGDP president Jorson Fernandes blames it on a \"slip-up on the part of the secretary\", Borkar still plans on capitalizing on the UGDP's anti-Mopa airport stance and has said that the party is still supporting him in the run-up to the elections.On Friday, the ECI on scrutiny found no proof of party affiliation and gave Borkar two choices-to either contest as an independent or face the rejection of his form. \" Some 48 hours before Borkar filed his nomination, the UGDP secretary was supposed to inform the ECI that we were going to float a candidate and there was a slip-up,\" said Fernandes, adding that could not stop Borkar from contesting as an independent.Borkar seemed unperturbed by the turn of events and said, \"I was getting the party symbol and I had submitted form A to the election commission office at Altinho. When I was submitting form B to the office , I was informed about this.\" He added that when he found out, he tried calling UGDP secretary Anacleto Viegas but since Viegas is out of town and could not be reached, he held a meeting with his party workers who encouraged him to contest as an independent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13309383", "title": "Flight to Dharamshala in the wings", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City Beautiful is all set to get connected to Dharamshala in Himachal Pradesh , as one of the private airlines has offered to launch Dharamshala-Chandigarh flight. Initially, it will be an 18-seater aircraft. Director Chandigarh Airport, Captain H S Toor, said they have received a proposal from Religare airlines, which has expressed its keeness to start a flight between Gaggal airport, Kangra, in HP to Chandigarh airport. \"While Chandigarh airport is fully prepared to accommodate the flight for the new destination, the proposal is now lying with the Director General Civil Aviation (DGCA) for final its approval,\" Toor added.The new flight would reduce the six-hour long road journey to almost around one hour and would be helpful for those going for holidays to the hill station of Dharamshala, which has recently become more popular because of IPL matches. As of now, Gaggal airport in Kangra district near Dharamshala is connected with Delhi only.Once it materializes, it would be the first flight connecting Chandigarh with any hilly destination in Himachal. Earlier, MDLR airlines had offered a Chandigarh-Kullu flight in 2009 but it hasn't been able to take off till date.Captain Toor told TOI that besides Religare, another private player Spicejet would also launch its operations from the local airport with its 75-seater aircraft for some domestic destination. In October last year, the city was connected with two other famous tourist destinations - Leh and Jaipur.At present, there are around 13 regular flights operating from Chandigarh airport to various domestic destinations, including Mumbai, New Delhi, Leh, Jaipur, Bengaluru, Jammu and Srinagar. Air India , Jet Airways , Kingfisher Airlines and Go Air are major airlines operating from here. The new flight would benefit foreigners and domestic tourists.Foreign tourists touring Chandigarh would now be able to take a trip to Dharamshala via the air route. It would also benefit cricket fans visiting Dharamshala for IPL matches. As of now, they have to travel by road for around six hours from Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13310473", "title": "Retired officer shot at in Arera Colony", "text": "BHOPAL: A retired officer was shot at his house in E-3 Arera Colony in the city late on Friday night. The two assailants knocked on the door and when he opened the door, a bullet was fired at him. The identity of the accused has yet to be ascertained. The victim is being treated at a private hospital where his condition has been termed as critical but stable.The police said Avinash Chandra Malik, 68, is a resident of house number 297 in E-3. The victim also runs a grocery shop from the ground floor of his house. The incident took place in the night after he had closed the shop. Someone knocked on his door in the night and said he wanted to talk to him.When he opened the door, one of the two youths fired a bullet at him that hit his shoulder. The two later fled the spot. Later, the police reached the spot and got him admitted to a nearby private hospital.The police said victim is a retired official from the Vallabh Bhavan. He has two sons, who reside in other towns and his wife live separately on the first floor of the house. A portion of house has also been rented out to students, the police added.CSP Rajesh Bhadoria said \"Malik has a dispute with his wife. She was in the house at the time of incident but was not at all concerned. After the incident, she did not come down to see her husband. Role of one of his neighbours also remains suspect. Efforts are being made to confirm if an old dispute is the main cause of incident,\" he added.\"The identity of the accused and the motive would be known soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13308843", "title": "Nayana Pujari murder case: Court splits trial against absconding suspect", "text": "PUNE: Eight months after one of the main suspects, Yogesh Ashok Raut, escaped from police custody, sessions judge Anant Badar on Saturday split the trial against him in the rape and murder of software engineer Nayana Pujari.Judge Badar has directed the Yerawada police to provide information if Raut was possessing property for issuing an order of attachment under section 83 of the Criminal Procedure Code.Raut had escaped from police custody when he was brought to Sassoon hospital for medical treatment on September 17, 2011.The prosecution had examined four witnesses, but after Raut's escape, the trial in the case had come to a standstill. The judge decided to split the trial on a plea filed by defence counsel as there was no possibility of he getting arrested in near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13310580", "title": "Three cheers: Tiger number up in Panna", "text": "BHOPAL: Tiger population revival programme in India has received a boost with one more tigress named T-2 giving birth to three cubs in the Panna Tiger Reserve (PTR), in eastern Madhya Pradesh. With the three new additions tiger population in Panna reserve has risen to 20.After the failure of a similar programme in Sariska Tiger Reserve in Rajasthan, the big cat population revival in PTR had brought back relief to the wildlife experts and foresters associated with the project.Three months ago, a feline christened T - 1, begot four cubs. Seven-year-old T-2 had been trans-located to PTF from world famous Kanha tiger reserve three years ago.The tigress gave birth to three cubs in a cave last month. \"None of us can risk going to the cave and seeing the cubs, a top forest official said.This is the second litter of T-2.This feline gave birth to four cubs, eighteen months ago. With the arrival of three new guests in the PTR, the cub population has gone up to 15 in the park.Panna tiger reserve was in the news in the year 2009 as tiger population had vanished following poaching in the region. After PTR became devoid of big cat population the tiger population revival programme was launched in the park in early 2009.Four tigresses and a tiger were trans-located to PTR from Kanha, Bandhavgarh and Pench tiger reserves. Apart from T-2's seven cubs in two litters, two other tigresses - T- 1 and T -4 have begotten 10 cubs so far, of them 2 had died.Spread over an area of 543 sq km in Panna and Chhatarpur district, PTR had once been home to 35 tigers but slowly and gradually it lost them to poachers.This is the second litter of T-2.This feline gave birth to four cubs, eighteen months ago. With the arrival of three new guests in the PTR, the cub population has gone up to 15 in the park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13309142", "title": "A phone connection bridges hearts on a lifetime validity", "text": "When Amargeet Singh, a Model Town resident, received a phone call from someone trying to sell him a new connection, little did he know it was his to-be-wife on the other end. Four years down the road, Amargeet and Navneet (the caller) are happily married and parents of a two and a half-month-old girl, Jasleen.November 1 was just another day in 2007 for Amargeet, 27, a DJ by profession, until he received the mundane sales call from a telecom company. Amargeet went to the telecom company's office and met the caller.''Everything around stood still the moment I saw her. I knew it right then that I shouldn't let this opportunity go and booked a number. This helped me exchange numbers and stay in touch with her,\" says Amargeet, with a naughty smile. Navneet says, ''He used to find excuses to talk to me. In fact, he bought a number each for his entire staff, so that he could call me up again and again.\"Conversations went on as the two understood each other better. And by New Year's eve of 2008 Amargeet was ready to confess his love. ''At 12am on January 1, I proposed to her and her affirmative response robbed my sleep for the next 24 hours,\" he recalls. The love-birds kept meeting stealthily over the next two years until they got engaged on January 24, 2010, two days before getting married.''From a cell phone connection to a life-time connection, our story is a special one and we like to share it,\" says a smiling Navneet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13309528", "title": "Immolation victim dies after two days", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 30-year-old woman, who had alleged an assault by an unidentified man on Wednesday, died early on Saturday morning during treatment at the VS Hospital. Police investigators are yet to find out whether it was a case of murder or suicide.On Wednesday, Archana Parmar, 30, a resident of Parasnagar II, was immolated along with her son Vishwa, 4. The duo was rushed to the VS Hospital by nearby residents where Vishwa died late in the night. In her statement with police, Archana said that a man had approached her when she was alone at home at 6.30 pm and had inquired about Natwarbhai. She told him that Natwarbhai, her father-in-law, had died five years back. At that time, the man said that he was Natwar and poured kerosene on her and Vishwa and left the spot after setting them on fire.Archana's father had told investigators that she was not on good terms with her in-laws and husband after they accused her of stealing an expensive gold ornament and had tried to commit suicide herself earlier. Archana died at the VS Hospital at 4 am on Saturday, two days after the incident.Police in their search for Natwar did not come across any person with that name having relation with the household. \"Families from both the sides said that they don't have any relative with that name. Moreover, we did not find kerosene from the residence that can point at the fact that the kerosene was thrown on Archana and Vishwa as there were no trails. We roped in forensic science experts to prove the theory,\" said a Ghatlodia police official.\"Nobody had seen any man fleeing from the spot after Archana started screaming for help. However, we are treating her dying declaration as evidence and have registered a case of murder,\" said K C Rathod, inspector of Ghatlodia police station.Investigators said that Archana's husband Rajesh is a home guards jawan and has another house in Shahibaug. When police recorded his and his mother's statement, they said that they were in Shahibaug when the incident took place and they went directly to the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "13308211", "title": "Greed landed Jaganmohan Reddy in trouble: Chief minister", "text": "GUNTUR: Launching a broadside against Y S Jaganmohan Reddy, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Saturday charged the Kadapa MP with influencing his father Rajasekhara Reddy to amass wealth when the latter was chief minister. Jagan's greed landed him in trouble and also spoiled the image of his father, the CM said.Speaking at a public meeting at Nagulapadu village of the Prattipadu constituency in Guntur district, chief minister said while YSR never lied, Jagan was not in the habit of speaking the truth. Referring to the GOs issued by the government granting permission to the CBI to attach the properties of Sakshi TV as well as those of Jagan's associates, the CM said the state had decided to keep the GOs confidential keeping in view the practice followed by YSR who had issued similar orders to attach the properties of the Satyam group. \"In fact, it was Jagan who sat under the table of his father when the latter was CM and made him sign on several illegal and irregular GOs,\" Kiran said. He urged the people to vote for the Congress as it was more concerned about the poor and the weaker sections. In fact, the allocation for the welfare schemes were doubled after he took over as CM, Kiran Kuamr Reddy said.Defending the arrest of industrialists in the Jagan assets case, PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana said they were not being arrested because they invested in the Jagan companies, but because of their misdeeds in grabbing the government assets with the help of Jagan. He said that state would face worse conditions if Jagan was voted to power. Later, the chief minister and PCC chief left for Macherla, where they addressed a public meeting in the night. They stayed overnight at Macherla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13309319", "title": "South suffers another blow, lake goes dry", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The lake in Sector 42 has gone dry, now one can hardly find people hanging around there. Not only this, environmentalists say lake works as a thermo regulator and the temperature in the area drops by at least 2 degrees. So the hotspot of the southern sector - the lake -- is not seeing any visitors these days.Administration had created this lake for the two reasons --- devotees could offer various prayers various festivals and people residing in the southern sectors can spend some leisure moments by the lake as Sukhna lake is too far from their homes. \"I had been going to the lake with my family every weekend. But as the lake has dried, we have nowhere to go except for Sukhna for recreation,\" said Ajay Bhardwaj, a resident of Sector 32.Water supplied to the lake is from the tubewell and it is meant for drinking purpose. As the city is already short of fresh water supply and most affected areas are southern sectors, the administration is planning to fill it up from the fresh water. An official said it takes 10 days to fill the lake and around 5 lakh litre water is required.UT's chief engineer S K Chadha said as they are cleaning the lake, so the water supply was stopped around 25 days back. He said it will take around two weeks to resume it. He said he has no other option but to fill the lake with the fresh water that can be used for drinking. PU dean research and vice-president of the Society of Environmental Scientists R K Kohli said the as humidity increases, temperature in Sector 42 and adjoining sectors is dropped by one or two degrees because of water in the lake. He said all such things depend on the direction of the wind and buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13315000", "title": "Eega delayed again", "text": "Director Rajamouli's special effects extravaganza \"Eega\" is one of the most eagerly awaited Tollywood releases this summer. But looks like fans will have to wait a little longer to see the film, for it has been postponed again!The movie which has been in the making for almost two years now, was initially scheduled to release in mid-May, but it was postponed to May 30. Admittedly, director Rajamouli has decided to postpone the release further. Apparently, the computer graphics are the reason for the delay. The director confirmed the news saying, \"For every film enthusiast out there who have been waiting for \"Eega\", I apologise as we are not releasing on 30th of this month. I know it is disappointing and I am disappointed myself.We underestimated the amount of time for CG. I am extremely happy with the quality of CG we achieved in the shots we received so far. I want to ensure the same quality is maintained throughout the film and that is going to take some time. Everyone is working 24/7 to get the film out as soon as it is humanly possible.\" The director has not spelt out a date for the release yet, but according to sources in the film's unit, \"Eega\" could be releasing in the second half of June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kaithal", "code": "13309725", "title": "Girl from Punjab sold in Kaithal village for Rs 1 lakh, police rescue victim", "text": "KAITHAL: Police on Friday evening recovered a woman resident of Punjab, who was allegedly sold off to a local resident for Rs 1 lakh, from a village falling under Rajaund police station area near here.The victim, daughter of a farm labourer and in her early 20s, had allegedly fallen prey to forced marriage by owners of a marriage bureau in Gurdaspur, where she worked as a maid.Five persons -- Jasbir Kaur, the victim's employer, Meenu and Suman, her business associates in Jalandhar and Pehowa (Kurukshetra) respectively and two men identified as Baljit and Ramesh -- have been made accused in a case registered at Rajaund police station.The accused have gone elusive and police parties are conducting raids for their arrests. \"Meanwhile, we are verifying the contents of statements given by the victim,\" said inspector Dalel Singh, investigating officer.In her statement, the victim said that Jasbir took her to Meenu's place in Jalandhar, from where they took her to Pehowa in Kurukshetra district. Suman arranged a meeting with Baljeet and Ramesh, residents of Soungal village, with whom they allegedly forced her marriage on March 15.The victim alleged that she was kept in confinement for two months and was subjected to mental and physical torture as the accused had photographed her with Ramesh and Baljeet to establish the authenticity of marriage, police said.\"Once the accused join investigations, we shall be able to confirm the amount involved in the incident,\" police added.\"The victim was waiting for a chance to contact her family, which she got a couple of days ago. Soon after she contacted the family members, the latter approached local police who further informed us. The victim was rescued with the help of a warrant officer,'' Dalel Singh said.However, Baljeet and Ramesh managed to escape from the place where the victim was kept, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13309454", "title": "Explain Rs 2.67 crore loss, government tells Gujarat University vice chancellor", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University vice chancellor Parimal Trivedi seems to be heading towards another controversy. This time, the education department has sought an explanation from the university for a loss of Rs 2.67 crore that it incurred during 2006-07 when the university prematurely withdrew from a fixed deposit scheme. The deposit in question is a little above Rs 100 crore.Interestingly, at a syndicate meeting on February 8, 2008, Trivedi was congratulated for Rs 94 lakh profit over the GU fixed deposit. But an RTI application of Pradeep Prajapati, a senate member, on February 16 that year brought the truth out. The university kept avoiding to reveal any information apart from the basic information. Prajapati then wrote to the governor and the Gujarat vigilance department for a probe. GU chief accountant Minesh Shah was held responsible for withdrawing prematurely from the fixed deposit scheme.The latest confidential letter sent by the education department a few days ago has asked the vice chancellor to remove Shah from the post of chief accountant so that he does not meddle with the university records related to the case. The letter categorically states that the university's accounts department has caused a loss pertaining to interest and also pointed towards certain financial irregularities in the fixed deposit register. In March last year, the governor asked for an action taken report from the education department regarding the case. The governor's letter also mentioned the previous observations from the vigilance department. \"There was no movement then too. But on February 10 this year, the first police complaint was lodged against Shah. In April, Gujarat high court also asked the university to remove Shah from the post of the chief accountant,\" says a senior GU official.But the latest letter form the education department to the university is actually a gauntlet for Trivedi. \"This is because withdrawing Rs 100 from fixed deposit cannot be a decision of a chief accountant alone. The vice chancellor can be held responsible for the premature withdrawal,\" adds the senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13309403", "title": "Woman 'raped' by neighbour in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: A woman was allegedly raped by her neighbour, a paying guest, at least 15 days ago. On Saturday, she mustered courage and told her husband about the incident, following which a complaint was lodged at Shyampukur police station. While the accused, Sushovan Kundu, is absconding, police have interrogated two of his roommates.The woman, in her late 20s, stays with her husband at a rented apartment in the Shyampukur police station area. On Saturday, the victim's husband saw that their neighbour was forcing her to go somewhere. When he intervened, the woman broke into tears and told her husband that she was sexually assaulted by the youth and he had been pestering her.The woman said that few days ago in the afternoon, she had gone to the terrace of the building to hang wet clothes. It was then that Kundu reportedly gagged her, forcibly took her to his room and raped her.The accused also filmed her in compromising positions and threatened to release the footage on the internet if she dared to lodge a police complaint against him, the woman alleged.It was because of this threat that the woman kept quiet. Neither did she lodge a complaint nor did she tell her husband, though it had been a fortnight since the incident occurred.Meanwhile, Kundu reportedly kept pressing her to oblige him with sexual favours. If she refused, he would release the footage, he threatened. The woman, however, resisted his advances on various pretexts.But on Saturday, Kundu seemed determined and went on pestering the victim to give in to his demands.Police said they have already seized some clothes of the woman, though it is too late to prove the rape. They have also started gathering circumstantial evidence.\"We have already detained the roommates of the youth. We have got some hint of torture perpetrated on her. We are hopeful of gathering more witnesses against the crime,\" said a senior police officer investigating the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13310667", "title": "ICSE churns out more 90 percenters again", "text": "For the second consecutive year, several Indian Certificate for Secondary Education (ICSE) schools in Mumbai had reason to celebrate with nearly half of their students scoring 90% or more in the Class X board examination. In fact, a number of schools even recorded a rise in 'ninety-percenters' since last year. In a break from tradition, the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations ( CISCE) announced the national toppers on Saturday at 3pm. But while students were ecstatic with their performance, the CISCE's announcement of the all-India toppers has created confusion among those who will be applying to junior colleges in the state. The CISCE's version of Best-5 subjects and the state board's rules are at odds with each other.Students from all boards can avail of the Best-5 policy while applying to junior colleges . That said, the Maharashtra state board will only consider those subjects from Group I and II, but the ICSE toppers' results are based on their marks in English and the best scores in four of the six subjects, including those Group III, which is not accepted by the state board.At Jamnabai Narsee School, the top scorers Devanshi Shah and Aakash Doshi have scored the same as the national topper, Thane student Shalaka Kulkarni-98 .8%. But while Kulkarni's score is based on English and best four subjects, Jamnabai Narsee calculated their toppers' percentages without considering English.Of the 273 Jamnabai Narsee students who sat for the exams, 124 scored above 90%. Around 36 students got more than 95%. \"The results keep getting better with every passing year. The credit goes to teachers and students for the hard work,\" said Zeenat Bhojabhoy, viceprincipal of the school.Almost half the students at Campion School, Colaba, scored more than 90%. \"Last year, 14 students crossed the 90% mark. This year, it was 33,\" said principal Paul Machado.For the authorities at Avabai Petit Girls' School in Bandra (W), the decision to change their affiliation from state board to ICSE worked in their favour. \"Out of 67 students who appeared the exam, only one scored below 80%,\" said Sandhya Balkrishnan, principal of the school.Of the 31 students who appeared for the ICSE exam from Dhirubhai Ambani International School, 28 scored more than 90%.A total 10,754 candidates appeared for the ICSE exam, and the pass percentage is 99.9%, a 0.03% drop from last year. The pass percentage for SC, ST and OBC students is 97.5, 97.56 and 98.54 respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13309203", "title": "Metro rail plans to compensate for lost green cover in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: With the city's green cover losing ground to the metro rail, the state forest department and the Chennai Metro Rail Limited (CMRL) are planning to devise ways to offset the impact it will have on the environment.Two parks in the city, Thiru Vi Ka and Nehru Parks, had to make way for underground stations and to prepare the ground for tunnel boring machines. \"We are planning to work with the forest department to make the city green. Metro stations will have green landscaping. Trees and plants will be planted to improve green cover and to enhance the aesthetics of the stations,\" said a senior metro rail official.Around 56 trees were transplanted to a different area within the Tiru Vi Ka park and Pachaiyappa's college campus while about 15,000 saplings were planted across the city in the last one year. The free ranging deer, which thrive in Nandanam, were moved to the Raj Bhavan campus.\"The trees were transplanted within the campus of Tiru Vi Ka park and Pachaiyappa's college because we did not want to move them away from their habitat,\" said an official. The transplanted trees will be monitored for six months, said the official.\"The transplanted trees and saplings are healthy. As our efforts were successful, we are planning to plant 16,000 saplings this year. Some 350 saplings were planted last month. Saplings, which are sourced from the forest department nurseries at Anna Nagar and Velachery, are planted in schools, colleges and government offices. But, the ongoing metro rail work has felled many more trees than CMRL is replanting. Now, about 385 trees will have to be cut to build elevated and underground lines.These trees produce a total of 18,865kg of oxygen every year -- enough to keep over 100 humans alive. Moreover, close to 80 trees will be felled along the Washermenpet-airport corridor that runs along Anna Salai and more than 300 trees in the Central-St Thomas Mount corridor along Poonamallee High Road and 100 Feet Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13309475", "title": "Couple's kidney sale bid foiled", "text": "KOLKATA: In their bid to earn a quick buck, a poor couple from Bagda in North 24-Parganas had planned to sell off their kidneys. But fate had it otherwise and their plans were thwarted midway with police rounding up the duo and one of their aides on Friday. They were produced in court and remanded in 14 days of judicial custody.The three persons were arrested by the North 24-Parganas police on charges of forging the district magistrate Sanjoy Bansal's letter head and signature. They had allegedly forged the DM's signature to make things look real to and not to arouse suspicion in their prospective customer at Dum Dum.Police said that the couple, Pabitra and Shampa Mandal, might have undertaken the plan of starting a kidney-smuggling racket after having considered the long-term benefits. In this endeavour, they managed to forge the signature and letter head of the North 24-Parganas DM.According to the plan, Shampa was to sell one of her kidneys. But in order to sell one's own kidney within a district, a domicile certificate is required from the DM's office. With the forged letter hand in place, the gang of three sent the fake certificate to a nursing home in Rajarhat. The certificate authorized Shampa to transfer one of her kidneys to a person in Salt Lake's Mahisbathan.But the couple failed to pull off the act with perfection. On receiving the certificate, the nursing home authorities found it to be incoherent. This gave way to suspicion and they informed the police. The same document was also sent to the DM's office in Barasat to verify whether it was at all issued from there.Finding it to be a forged document; the DM's office immediately informed the North 24-Parganas police. Raids followed and the couple was eventually rounded up. The police also arrested one person from Dum Dum for helping the couple in their attempt. Cops will further interrogate the accused to ascertain whether they are part of a wider network and how exactly the DM's writing pad and signature were forged.North 24-Parganas police superintendent Champak Bhattacharya said, \"It was found that the accused couple had forged the DM's letter head and signature in order to sell a kidney. We are interrogating them for further deatils,\" he said.The DM said the police have started a suo motu case after they were informed about the matter. \"We received some documents which were not issued from our office and informed the police,\" Bansal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13320483", "title": "Woman ends life with three kids", "text": "VARANASI: A woman committed suicide along with her three children by lying in front of a train near Buapur Pahi village, Rohania, late on Saturday night. It was being suspected that the woman took the extreme step due to an illicit relationship of her husband with a woman from the same village. Police are investigating the matter.The deceased were identified as Tara Devi alias Rekha (35), wife of Harishchandra, their daughter Sadhna alias Sona (14), sons Rahot alias Babu (12) and Achhey Patel (10).According to reports, Harishchandra asked Rekha to go to fields to irrigate it on Saturday night. But, when she refused, they had a quarrel. After that Harishchandra threatened to commit suicide and left home. When he had gone, Rekha convinced her children and around midnight traveled more than four kilometres along the railway tracks along with her kids before lying on it with her children.It is suspected that they came under the wheels of 15266 down Jan Sadharan Express and died on the spot. The incident came to light on Sunday morning when the passersby noticed their bodies lying in a pool of blood on the railway track. The news of incident spread like wildfire and hundreds of villagers gathered there. On receiving information of incident police reached there and sent the bodies for postmortem. Following initial investigation, they termed it to be a case of suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "conservation biologist krithi karanth has been analyzing human-wildlife interaction in india for over 11 years. last year, she was the 10,000th recipient of the national geographic society grant of $20,500 and she's using it to study human-animal conflict in five national parks along the western ghats in karnataka. she was recently named as one of national geographic's 15 emerging explorers worldwide, each of whom got $10,000 for research and exploration. excerpts of her interview", "code": "13309933", "title": "Taking wildlife photos is not conservation: Krithi Karanth", "text": "Conservation biologist Krithi Karanth has been analyzing human-wildlife interaction in India for over 11 years. Last year, she was the 10,000th recipient of the National Geographic Society Grant of $20,500 and she's using it to study human-animal conflict in five national parks along the Western Ghats in Karnataka. She was recently named as one of National Geographic's 15 Emerging Explorers worldwide, each of whom got $10,000 for research and exploration. Excerpts of her interview:What do these honours mean to you?I'll cherish them for the rest of my life. Parents take pride in such accomplishments of their children and I'm happy my parents can share this moment with me.Tell us about yourself...I was born and raised in India. My parents Prathibha and Ullas Karanth gave me the best childhood. They gave me a lot of freedom, spent time travelling with me and introducing me to so many exciting things. They are both extremely passionate about their own professions, so I grew up admiring them intensely and hoping I'd find a career I was passionate about. They are still my biggest heroes. I have a Bachelor's degree from University of Florida and Master's degree from Yale University. I got a doctoral degree from Duke University and completed my post-doctoral work from Columbia University .What got you interested in wildlife and conservation?I always enjoyed going into the field and watching animals with my father. But for the longest time I resisted being in the same profession and as a child, I wanted to become a lawyer or an architect. During undergraduate work, I did research in Thailand using satellite imagery and this experience got me seriously interested in science. At Yale University , I developed a research project that involved field work in Bhadra Wildlife Sanctuary. I suffered a cracked knee cap in a car crash but after it healed, I went back to the field, determined to finish the project. This opportunity to work in one of India's best parks was life-changing and I decided to focus on becoming a conservation biologist.What were your earlier projects and what are you working on now?I studied land use change in Thailand and was able to reconstruct where many of our species were found and then interacted with India's best biologists and naturalists to assess if these species are still around. My results clearly showed that our parks (which cover less than 4% of land area) and people's cultural tolerance for wildlife (particularly in Rajasthan and Gujarat) are important reasons why we still have many species left. Most species have disappeared from large parts of India today. I then worked on a different topic -- impact of wildlife tourism in Indian parks. I visited ten parks and enlisted 70 volunteers to collect data. Currently, I'm working on the National Geographic Project on human-wildlife conflicts and several other projects in India which examine conservation issues.What are the imminent threats to wildlife conservation in Karnataka and India? What work needs to be done here vis-a-vis methods followed in other countries?I feel many Indians either don't value our country's natural wealth or have a superficial understanding of wildlife conservation. Taking wildlife photographs or liking issues on Facebook is not conservation. My generation in particular seems to think this is how conservation works.With a booming economy, more Indians will aspire to visit Indian parks and view wildlife. I wish people become more aware of the negative impacts of tourism and make more responsible choices of places to visit and behave appropriately when visiting parks. They should learn to value Indian wildlife and wild places, not just tigers. Our parks are very important to our conservation efforts and opposition to establishing buffer zones is driven by inaccurate information. This is harming well-intentioned efforts to set up ecologically sensitive zones around parks and create corridors for wildlife to move across landscapes like the Western Ghats.Political and business interests have too much influence and outweigh what's really important for wildlife in India. Highways, dams and infrastructural development are important for a country but they can be developed by not destroying our wild landscapes. India is not a poor country anymore and our natural heritage can be saved without hindering growth. I don't want to look back 50 years from now and find we have lost everything. This is really the time to balance different issues, not neglect Nature in the name of growth. There is still a need for more people to get involved in wildlife conservation and research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13320129", "title": "Anti-riot drills held in Varanasi region", "text": "VARANASI: The districts falling under the jurisdiction of Varanasi range witnessed anti-riot drills on Sunday afternoon.Apart from civil police, the PAC personnel, quick reaction teams, commandos, tear gas, bomb disposal and anti-sabotage squads took part in the drills in Varanasi, Chandauli, Ghazipur and Jaunpur districts in the afternoon.According to DIG (range) K Satish Ganesh, during the last crime review meeting, all the districts were given the task to conduct this drill on Sunday. The basic objective behind the exercise was to make the cops aware about each and every area of the district and stay tuned to handle any situation. He said that the timing of action of police teams was also monitored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13309937", "title": "Gangs prefer swords to guns for kicks", "text": "KOCHI: Technological advancements have brought visible changes in various fields, but quotation gangs in the state still use swords and sickles to finish off their targets. Psychological gratification is said to be the main reason why gang members prefer swords.State director general of police (DGP) Jacob Punnoose said that quotation gangs use swords to kill their targets because they derive pleasure from seeing blood while hacking victims. Quotation gangs are also not used to handling other weapons, mainly guns. \"Guns are not easily available in the state due to stringent laws and tight policing. Above all, one needs to be trained to use a gun and it is not an easy task,\" he said.According to noted criminologist James Vadakumchery, the psyche of quotation gangs is attuned to brutality and they enjoy their act. \"They seek pleasure from committing a crime and seeing blood. Their only aim is to ensure that they accomplish their mission,\" he said. \"Apart from deriving pleasure, they use swords to ensure that their target is dead. They take up assignment for killing a person and they do it professionally. Any error in judgement or failure in completing a task will affect their credibility,\" Vadakumchery said.Kochi: Technological advancements have brought visible changes in various fields, but quotation gangs in the state still use swords and sickles to finish off their targets. Psychological gratification from the sight of blood spilling out of the victim's body is said to be one of main reasons for gang members to use swords rather than guns or other means to kill their targets.State Director General of Police (DGP) Jacob Punnoose said that the quotation gangs use swords to kill their targets because they derive pleasure from seeing the blood while hacking the victim to death.The quotation gangs in the state are also not used to handling other weapons mainly guns. \"Guns are not easily available in the state due to stringent laws and tight policing. Above all, one needs to be trained to use the gun and it is not an easy task,\" he added.According to noted criminologist James Vadakumchery, the psyche of the quotation gangs is attuned to brutality and they enjoy their action which a normal person cannot. \"They seek pleasure from committing the crime and seeing blood. Their only aim is to ensure that they accomplish their mission,\" he said.\"Apart from deriving pleasure, they use swords to ensure that their target is dead. They take up assignment for killing a person and they do it professionally. Any error in judgement and failure in completing their task will affect their credibility in getting future quotation works,\" Vadakumchery added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13310432", "title": "Some truths about the \u2018Game\u2019 India, Pak played in Kashmir", "text": "A diligent, privately religious, Kashmiri friend who spent his life swatting away bungs (bribes) from green, white and saffron money-changers who all sought to attach him to some political or religious cause, once told us the price he had paid for choosing to be neutral in Kashmir.He had taken a bullet in the lung (courtesy of the HM - who later apologised saying it was a case of mistaken identity). A grenade had been lobbed at his home (by the security forces who never apologised). Then there were the multiple midnight door-knocks (from renegades). His aged mentor, a well-regarded , secular Hindu, had been gunned down in the street (by a sectarian Muslim outfit). A young prodigy had lost a leg when an IED, possibly set by militants, renegades or an army proxy, exploded beneath a car, killing also a young, female colleague . His best friend had been abducted by the Army, and turned up dead in the Jhelum. Every day his practice in Srinagar filled with people who were the living testament to real crimes that would never be solved and whose perpetrators, although frequently identified, could not be prosecuted.\"Kashmir is about winning at any cost,\" he told us grimly. And to ensure that the winning continued, he maintained, fear was sown and the truth fragmented. We listened to this depressing view 16 years ago, when the al-Faran episode was underway. The lawyer said: \"If you splinter the truth, and abrogate the law, you ensure that nothing can be demonstrably proved.\" If you cow the people, they will come to accept the improbable as true. Kashmiris lived, he claimed, with an unwilling suspension of disbelief.The lawyer's view was that those parts of the al-Faran crime that were discoverable had been cherry-picked . India said that a Pakistan-backed group that demanded the release of Masood Azhar and 21 other prisoners had kidnapped a group of Western trekkers. Pakistan said the kidnappers were a rogue outfit and that they and the Kashmir crisis could only be tackled with international \"third-party mediation\". The only thing that was provable was that after the kidnappings, the Western attitude to the dispute irrevocably changed. Kashmir had morphed from a self-determination struggle into what seemed to be a theatre for a new kind of Islamist terror, incubated in Pakistan. Security force contacts said Pakistan had made it that way through its meddling with extremism, and by manipulating the aspirations of the Kashmiris. The Pakistan military told us that India was responsible, clumsily rigging the 1987 elections, sending trigger-happy forces to deal brutally with an increasingly alienated azadi movement .However, 14 years later, we found a sea change within the establishments on both sides of the LoC, with many seeming to have changed their view that truth should be sacrificed in order to win and, as significantly, about the nature of the conflict. For Kashmir to move forward, understanding the truth was more important than 'moving on', officials privately agreed. In the West, post-9 /11, torture and renditions, the persecution of Islamists as well as the jerry-rigged grounds for fighting our recent, dubious wars, have ignited debates as to what defines a compassionate society. But nothing of the sort has happened in Kashmir, where the non-war has been poorly reported, and seldom analysed, even though bodies are rising, with 6,000 unmarked graves mapped across the state.And stories of the state's most intractable missing case came to the surface too and we found ourselves back with al-Faran. It took us to one of J&K;'s most accomplished undercover agents, a senior police officer who had worked in intelligence and counter-terrorism. Buoyed on by the new mood of truth telling, he began to describe, unsparingly, the philosophy of the previous decade.India and Pakistan fought each other in J&K; by manipulating the lives of others, he said. Everything that happened there involved acts of ventriloquism, with traitors, proxies and informers deployed by both sides, and civilians becoming the casualties. Veterans like him and his counterparts in Pakistan called it 'the Game' . He reflected: 'Pakistan tried something, India blocked it and turned it around, and there were so many angles to it, that really when you were playing it you forgot yourself completely, until it seemed like the most beautiful thing in the world.' The overarching strategy of the Game, he said, was to use any means necessary to sow confusion, hatred and suspicion between the different religions , races and competing militant outfits in Kashmir, so that no one group dominated, and all remained weaker than India's security forces. 'We slandered and manipulated. We placed words into someone else's mouth to poison friendships. We created false fronts, fictitious outfits, to commit real crimes.'Many others spoke out too in their homes and offices. A former IB agent put it this way: 'There were no rules, only outcomes.' The result was a permanent, rumbling chaos in the valley that both prevented Pakistan or the Kashmiris from moulding a resistance that was capable of capturing the state from India. It also stopped India from imposing a profound enough peace to be able to incorporate J&K; into its union. And the al-Faran episode was an embodiment of the Game, that had been packaged and sponsored by Pakistan, but then been manipulated by a small group of Indian agents and their renegades to make the perennial enemy pay and pay.What Kashmir became was a total war, a conflict where all parties have chosen not to differentiate between civilians and combatants , as everyone is a belligerent.The writers are authors of a new book \"The Meadow\" that is an account of the kidnapping of six western tourists by militants in Kashmir in 1995, and the events that followed it", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13308260", "title": "Efforts on to stabilize supply, say officials", "text": "NASHIK: Rajput added that the incomplete infrastructural work was the main reason for the power cuts and efforts would be taken to minimize the interruptions.Data was collected from sub-stations to verify consumer complaints about frequent power cuts. \"We have to admit that there have been short power interruptions in large frequencies, largely because of earth-faults and breakdowns. We therefore called a meeting of the engineers and asked them to resolve minor problems in the next few days. We also asked them to club work related to Infra-1 to minimise cuts,\" Rajput said.Citizens have been suffering due to frequent power cuts ranging from one minute to several hours in duration, several times a day. Though officials had earlier attributed cuts to hailstorms, consumers claimed cuts were frequent even before the rains.\"We have learnt that earthing-faults and breakdowns had resulted in load transfers, which led to tripping of some power lines. They were set right immediately but that added to the tally of interruptions, causing inconvenience to citizens,\" Rajput said.The officials further said that generally advertisements were flashed when works related to high tension or planned outage, were to be carried out. \"These were very small issues for which we did not give advertisements. Besides, there were other reasons like poor live conductors, instruments that caused interruptions and they will be taken care of,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13309928", "title": "Patna University to get hostels vacated for repair", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) has decided to get all its hostels vacated for their repair and renovation during the forthcoming summer vacation. The decision was taken at a meeting of the PU's board of residence held here under the chairmanship of vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh on Friday.A three-member committee consisting of PU proctor Kriteshwar Prasad, Patna College principal Lal Keshwar Prasad Singh and B N College principal P K Poddar was constituted to expedite hostel eviction drive with the help of Patna district administration. All the boarders who have already completed their examinations would be asked to leave their hostels without any further delay, while those who are yet to complete their examinations would be accommodated in any one hostel.PU students' welfare dean Ezaj Ali Arshad said the entire period of summer vacation in June would be declared \"zero session\" and fresh allotment of hostel accommodation would be made to students after their admission in colleges or postgraduate departments. However, students who are in midst of their studies would be allotted seats in hostels soon after the reopening of the university after summer vacation.The university has decided to provide more amenities to students residing in hostels. Now, every hostel would have a generator to ensure uninterrupted supply of power. While generators in college hostels would be made available by the respective college principals, university hostels would be provided generators by the university. It was also decided to install water purifiers in all the hostels and the PU office for supplying potable water to students and employees. The toilets of different hostels would also be repaired.It was further decided to enhance the monthly honorarium being paid to hostel superintendents and wardens, so that they may discharge their duties more efficiently. The honorarium had not been revised for the last three to four decades.PU admission: At a meeting of the deans of various faculties of PU held here on Friday under the chairmanship of the VC, it was decided that this year PU would conduct entrance test for admission to the three-year degree courses only. Admission to the postgraduate courses would be made on the basis of marks secured at the graduation examination. The modalities of entrance test would be decided by a five-member committee consisting of the principals of colleges and science faculty dean.The entrance test would be held in the first week of July and all admissions would be completed before July 15, so that the academic session may be started from July 16. Necessary amendments would be made in the admission regulations after getting them approved by the governor for holding the entrance test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13310935", "title": "The fall and rise of Tom Jones", "text": "In a windowless basement suite of a London hotel - I have just asked Sir Tom Jones whether he harbours any major regrets in life. His eyes, which, up close, are pale enough to appear translucent, flash with concentration.\"Regrets?\" he repeats. \"No, no.\" But then he changes his mind. \"Actually , wait. One night in 1965, I was in this club in Los Angeles watching Little Richard perform. My visa had run out and my manager had advised me not to do anything that might constitute work. Halfway through the show, Richard invited me up on stage. He was on fire that night, and I wanted to help him rip all hell out of that tune, but I didn't . I just stood there, shaking my head, like I was convinced the moment I opened my mouth, Immigration would appear. I still think about that sometimes. That's a regret.\"And here comes another . \"It was one night, I'd just finished a show in America. Elvis,\" he says, \"was in my dressing room. Now, Elvis was well aware that people were forever taking pictures of him, so he always made sure he looked his best. Sure enough, somebody came up and asked to take a picture, and so there we were, arm-in-arm , Elvis looking all perfect, like, and me... \" He waves his hand around his face, as if to suggest the presence of a double chin. \"... I looked awful. I bloody regret that an'all .\" He sighs. \"But other than that, no, no regrets.\"He certainly looks more robust than your average 71-year-old , and remains statuesque: arms like tree trunks, thighs like bigger tree trunks, a wide smile and a voluble presence with a deep, rich voice.Musically speaking he has been in the middle of a renaissance since 1988, but this is a multimedia renaissance. He now has Saturday-night telly fame - on the BBC1 talent show The Voice - and has just made his acting debut in a short film called King of the Teds, which aired on Sky Arts recently.Jones felt confident he could deliver , he says, because the film was essentially the story of his life: \"A fella from a small town, two girlfriends , got one pregnant, and married her. Only thing was, I escaped from the small town, he didn't . The house it was set in was basically the house I grew up in, in Pontypridd, so it felt very weird.\"Tom Jones escaped Pontypridd in 1962, and by 1965 was already on the way to superstar status. Jones relished his success and, despite being married, he lived up to his reputation as one of the UK's most virulent men. His musical career ebbed and flowed. Never a songwriter , he had instead to rely on the strength of the songs given to him. Many of them - \"Delilah\" , \"She's a Lady\" and \"Thunderball\" proved timeless.By the mid-1970 s, he had fallen out of fashion. It was only after the death of his manager and longtime friend Gordon Mills in 1986 that his career was rescued by his own son Mark, who took over management duties and attempted something that seemed destined to fail: reviving a 1960s sex god into an artist of renewed relevance. But he did it, and within two years Jones was back on Top of the Pops. Over the ensuing three decades, Mark Jones, now 55, would continually reinvent his father.Jones is now set to release a new studio album, his 38th. The songs - by artists such as Paul Simon , Richard Thompson and Odetta Gordon have a depth to match the voice, and if there is a unifying theme, it is their sense of reflection . Like Johnny Cash in his latter years, Jones is increasingly using songs to brood over an increasingly evident mortality. \"All my friends have gone, and my hair is grey,\" he sings in the opening track, Leonard Cohen's \"Tower of Song\" . \"I ache in the places where I used to play\"Says Jones, \"I love that I'm now able to make music that really reflects me, who I am.\" Only one track on the album gave him pause. \"Bad as Me\" features lyrics about Mother Superior in a bra and Jesus working behind a bar which he feared was blasphemous. Jones, a committed Christian- those crucifixes that used to nestle in his chest hair were not merely for show - would never knowingly blaspheme. So it needed damage limitation. \"And so I inserted a laugh in the middle of it,\" he says. \"You know, to show I was only joking , like.\"He says he will be 72 next month. \"I'll be lucky if I have another 20 years left. Twenty years is nothing. The last 20 have gone by like that,\" he snaps his fingers, \"and that's scary. If I could have one wish granted, it would be for immortality. God has given me this most wonderful life, and the only thing I hate about the ageing process is that, one day, I'm not going to be able to live it any more.\"By Nick Duerden of The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13308726", "title": "Bookie with Chhota Shakeel links arrested in betting racket", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch on Saturday arrested a key conduit of an international betting syndicate who could blow the lid off a bigger match-fixing racket. The Mohammed Feroz Farid Ansari alias Todki (38), who was a close confidant of slain gangster Zahid Mir alias Chhote Miya and now a middle-man for Chhota Shakeel's gang, was nabbed after bookies, Sonu Jalan and Devendra Kothari, spilled the beans on him.Chhote Miya used to be Chhota Shakeel's aide.Acting on a tip-off, the property cell, led by inspectors Arun Chavan, Pasalwar and Nandkumar Gopale raided a flat at Lokhandwala in Kandivli on Wednesday and arrested six persons, including Kothari and Sonu. \"We made the arrests based on information that the gang was accepting bet on the IPL matches. The gang is well organized and the members have betting assessment software,\" said ACP Deven Bharti.After grilling Jalan and Kothari, the property cell of the crime branch early on Saturday swooped down on Ansari's residence in Shankar Building on Shukla Street in Nagpada and nabbed him. The officials have seized seven mobiles and seven active sim cards Ansari, who has been booked for cheating, forgery, breach of trust and gambling. The police found that none of the sim cards was registered in Ansari's name.Ansari, a source said, knew all the details of the functioning of an international betting as well as match-fixing racket active in the city. Ansari's arrest assumes significance as he was earlier associated with Chhote Miya who was shot dead outside his betting den at Nagpada in 2009. \"At that time, Chhote Miya used to control the betting syndicate across Mumbai. After he was shot dead, Ansari gave all the contacts to the bookies, Kothari and Jalan. Ansari works as the middle-man for the gang run by Shakeel in Pakistan,\" said a source. With Shakeel's phone usually on the radar of the intelligence agencies, Subhedar, his associate in Karachi, called Ansari and gave directions on betting, the source added. \"In Mumbai, Ansari takes care of payments from punters. If anybody defaults, it is Ansari who takes charge and 'ensures' that the money is paid. The transactions are done through hawala channels at Kalbadevi and Shuklaji Street,\" said an officer. \"Ansari said they had recently lost Rs 2 crore in the business.\"The police are also grilling Kothari over his statement that he paid a Sri Lankan player Rs 10 crore for fixing a match a few years ago. Kothari and Jalan had clients and punters in faraway countries like Afghanistan, Pakistan, South Africa and Saudi Arabia; in India they have their associates in Delhi, Kolkota, Rajasthan, Gujarat and Haryana, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13310258", "title": "Lucknow: Toppers hit perfect 100 in mathematics", "text": "LUCKNOW: Mathematics emerged as the favourite subject among toppers, as most of them hit the magic figure. No wonder, the toppers claim that mathematics is their favourite subject.Securing 98% in ISC examinations, Vaibhav Agarwal aims to become a charted accountant.On asking about his secret for securing 100 in mathematics, he said, \"Solving equations and logical calculations has always fascinated me. I do not believe in rote learning and I think that has helped me.\" Celebrating his success with his parents, he added, \"Hard work and determination is the key to success.\"Endorsing his views, ICSE topper, Parul Srivastava, who scored overall percentage of 98.6 and 100 in mathematics said, \"Mathematics is a subject, which keeps me going. Regular practice and revision has helped me securing 100% marks.\"Parul who scored 100 marks in computer sciences and environmental studies too. Another class 10th topper, Gaurav Chandela, (98.6%) too had 100 marks in mathematics in his kitty. Excited with his results, he said, \"Revision of topics and solving questions everyday has benefitted me.\"Scoring 98.4% in class 10th for Manjari Yadav too has hit perfect 100 in mathematics.\"Solving complex numerical problems is my passion. I love to take challenges and the subject gives me that,\" she said.Thinking out-of-the-box, Mrigank Patel also with 98.4%, said, \"Solving mathematical questions is never boring. Unlike other subjects, which take life out of you, this subject is rejuvenating. I spent maximum time solving mathematical problems.\" When asked what his ambition in life is, he said, \"I want to become an automobile engineer.\"A sports freak, Shubham Agarwal who got 97.25% in class 12th also secured 100 in mathematics. He is all set to pave his way to the coveted IITs next year. \"Maths is like my food. I think there was not a single day, when I did not practice mathematical questions,\" he said. A die-hard football player , Shubham believes in smart work. Having scored 96.6% in class 10th, Amit Agarwal too has bagged 100% marks in mathematics. He loves reading books related to astronomy. Kushal Kumar, another student of class 10th also secured 100 marks in mathematics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13309162", "title": "Probe ordered into ship-boat collision", "text": "CHENNAI: After initially refuting reports of an alleged collision between a Coast Guard vessel and a boat off the Pamban coast on May 10, vice-admiral M P Muralidharan, Coast Guard director-general, on Saturday said an inquiry had been ordered into the accident.The collision, that occurred during the night, had reportedly claimed the life of a 19-year-old fisherman, while other four fishermen were rescued boats later.After commissioning the new in-shore patrol vessel ICGS Rajtarang, Muralidharan said the Coast Guard was still not aware of its involvement in the accident. \"But an inquiry is on,\" he said at the Chennai port.He said that he was in touch with state officials as the chief minister had written to the Coast Guard seeking an immediate probe. \"We are proceeding with the investigation in an informal way and state government officials are being updated of its progress,\" he said.The collision occurred about three nautical miles from the Pamban coast. Santhia, Aruldass, Sinnasi and Devoss were rescued by fishermen of another boat in the sea while Calvin Miller, 19 drowned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ara/patna", "code": "13308468", "title": "Bihar farmer\u2019s 12-year-old son cracks IIT-JEE", "text": "ARA/PATNA: A child prodigy from Bhojpur district in Bihar has created history by cracking the IIT-JEE 2012 at the age of 12 years and nine months. Satyam Kumar of Bakhorapur village under Barahara block in Bhojpur district got all-India rank (AIR) 8,137 in the prestigious competition. He qualified from Mumbai zone, and is still awaiting his plus two results.Born on July 20, 1999, in an illiterate farmer's family, he showed his talent from childhood itself. His father Sidhnath Singh and mother Pramila Singh recognized his talent and he was admitted to Central Public School, Patna , in Standard IX at a tender age. But he left his study there midway and went to Kota in Rajasthan to join a coaching institute there. The institute's director, R K Verma, himself took his test and found latent genius in him. Verma helped finance his studies from Standard 9 to class 12, that resulted in his success in the one of the toughest examinations in the country at such a tender age. Satyam had passed class X board examination from a Kota school.Sidhnath Singh said his family members, Satyam's teachers and he himself always marvelled at his talent and they felt that the boy would do something extraordinary in his life one day. The success of his son had brought laurels to the family, which was till now in oblivion.However, Satyam said though he was happy to crack IIT-JEE, he would not join IIT this year because of his poor rank. He would make another attempt next year for a good rank, and wanted to develop a software company. Meanwhile, the entire Bakhorapur village celebrated Satyam's success by bursting crackers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13309448", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee a keen diary writer", "text": "New Delhi: Witness to momentous events in post-Independence India, Pranab Mukherjee is jotting down a \"truthful account\" of events.Mukherjee has disclosed he is a keen diary writer. But he has no plans to publish them during his lifetime. \"That will be done by my daughter,\" he said, adding since the diaries were an account of events as seen by an individual \"it's always better they be made public after the individual is no more\".He said he had given up the practice in the late 80s when the basement of his Delhi house got flooded, but revived it in 90s at the insistence of then PM P V Narasimha Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13310245", "title": "ISCE results: Good show by Bhubaneswar schools", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Results of Class X examination conducted by the Council for Indian School Certificate Examination (CISCE) were announced on Saturday. The city schools put up an impressive performance with almost all of them getting nearly 100% pass percentage.The toppers' lists of students could not be given as many schools under CISCE do not believe in the ranking system. \"Our board does not provide any list of top-ten or top-20 students,\" said a teacher of a city school. There are six schools under ICSE board in the city. Call it the internet effect, all schools wore a deserted look as students got their results sitting at home.Stewart School, Bhubaneswar, recorded 100% result with all 152 students of Class X coming out with flying colours. Tara Prasad Mishra of the school secured the highest 96.85% while as many as six students secured over 95%. Besides, 29 students secured over 90% plus marks.Ganesh Parida and Nishant Thaker of Loyla school have secured 97.71% followed by Piyush Sinhal, who got 97.14%. A total of 228 students had appeared the examination from the school of whom 80 students have secured above 90%.Saswati Sagarika Behera of Ruchika High School got 92.86 % in the Class-X board and became the school topper. Total 21 students of the school have successfully cleared the exam in 1st division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13315703", "title": "Kalakalappu v/s OK OK?", "text": "The past few months have seen two big comic blockbusters in Tamil Nadu. The first one was Udhayanidhi Stalin's debut Oru Kal Oru Kannadi ( OK OK), which proved to be a big hit with the audience. The second one was director Sundar C's 25th film, Kalakalappu @ Masala Cafe.Tension between the makers to prove their film were better than the other was seen right from the day Kalakalappu released. From subliminal messaging on Twitter, calling their film better than the other, to increased publicity in the media with the terms superhit , blockbuster and massive success have been seen.An interesting outcome of this this healthy war between the two makers is that it has led to viewers encouraging both films, with them drawing crowds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "morbi", "code": "13310819", "title": "Body found in Hadala village", "text": "MORBI: A youth's body was found in Hadala village of Tankara taluka on Saturday. Police identified the deceased as Chhela Bharwad, 25.Police suspect that Bharwad has committed suicide by consuming poison . \"From the condition of the body, it appears that the victim had died of poisoning. However, real reason behind the death will be known only after post-mortem,\" said an official from Tankara taluka police station.Bharwad is survived by his wife and five siblings. He used to earn a living by driving autorickshaw.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13309066", "title": "Sawai Man Singh stadium closed for one hour for security check", "text": "JAIPUR: Police on Saturday morning closed the main gates of the Sawai Man Singh stadium for almost an hour for routine security checks.During that one hour, those who were inside were not allowed to leave the stadium while permission to enter those was also denied.\"It was a routine security check. Since passes to enter the stadium have been issued by various agencies like Rajasthan State Sports Council, Rajasthan Cricket Association and IMG, so it was necessary to check who are working inside the stadium. It was basically done for ensuring that everything is smooth,\" Jyoti Nagar station house officer Mohar Singh said.An RCA official said it was not a matter concern to them as the police closed the gates for security checks.The security check is conducted prior to the Rajasthan versus Mumbai match of the ongoing IPL season on Sunday. Mumbai team has already arrived in city. Several fans of Sachin Tendulkar from various parts of the state gathered at the stadium to buy tickets for the match but they were disappointed as all tickets were sold out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13309634", "title": "Busts trace Rabindranath Tagore's footprint across the globe", "text": "Janak Jhankar Narzary is 'recovering' from festival fatigue. This past year the head of Art History department at Santiniketan was overseeing the bronze casting of Tagore busts. Fifteen statues - five each by Ramkinkar Baiz, Sudhir Khastagir and Jhankar - plus two bigger ones were cast as part of the 150 year celebration on an outlay of Rs 37.5 lakh. The Central government had decided to gift these to the countries visited by our President, or the visiting heads of other countries, or to place these at important crossings of the countries visited by Tagore.When President Patil visited Switzerland last December, she unveiled one of Jhankar's busts at the University of Lausanne that set up a Tagore Chair on Indian Studies. A year before that in China, she had unveiled a 125 kilo bust by Gautam Pal at the busy junction of two arteries in the business hub of Shanghai. The Republic of Korea has placed a bust in the centre of Seoul while in 2008 she paid a floral tribute to his statue in Chile. His footsteps in different countries on every continent bespeak his universalism.It is amazing how he travelled to distant countries, covering long geographical distances at a time when the world had not shrunk into a 'global village', when tickets could not be booked on the net and indeed, when airlines were a long way away from replacing titanic ocean-liners. \"Conversations in Afghanistan invariably take you to Kabuliwala,\" the President of India had said when she visited Santiniketan last year. With Bangladesh we jointly celebrated the 150 years. On request from a friend Tagore had penned a poem that eventually led to the composition of Sri Lanka's national anthem - an unknown third on this very subcontinent, if the information is true. If ever India had an Ambassador of Harmony, he was it, scholars are now unanimous.Undoubtedly the Nobel had made Tagore an international figure, earning him worldwide audience and invitations to lecture in distant lands. If this widened his artistic and political vision, it also won him foreign friends and distinguished admirers. These turned him into \"a strong proponent of promoting international peace and understanding,\" as Pratibha Patil said of \"the untiring pacifist who wrote to foster unity, harmony and peace.\" And following a resurgence of humanism in the contemporary world, Europe is re-discovering the value of Tagore. Consequently Spain celebrated him last year with a compendium, Redescubriendo a Tagore (Rethinking Tagore), in the language Neruda, Paz and Jiminez had translated him, although the poet had cancelled a visit in 1921.Following the trail of his busts we find that every country he visited remembers him for his philosophy, or time-defying friendships, and pays a tribute by placing either a bust or a larger-than-life standing statue of him in his trademark flowing robe and a cap. In fact, in the 20 years preceding the 150th year, 27 had been posted to countries as far as Astana, Havana, Valladolid, Vancouver, Fiji, Dublin, Ankara, Toronto, Tashkent, Budapest, Bucharest, Berlin, Paris, New York, Mexico and Mauritius.A larger-than-life statue sculpted by Ram Sutar stands tall in a Moscow park next to Rechnoy Vokzal metro station. Tagore had a special interest in the country that had changed its system of governance and education, to favour farmers and workers, and his 'Letters from Russia' was banned by the British government since it praised the socialist aspect of life in Soviet Russia. USSR in turn had welcomed the first Asian to win the Nobel and published Letters in Russian after Tagore's death.Berlin has welcomed him with multiple busts in bronze, varying from 30 to 39 and 42 inches, to commemorate Tagore's kinship with the Bauhaus artists he visited in Weimar of 1921. Rabindranath and Abanindranath had organised the first ever large scale exhibition of Bauhaus masters outside Europe when they exhibited graphic works, drawings and woodcuts of artists like Wassily Kandinsky and Paul Klee, among others, in Kolkata of 1923.The Shanghai bust unveiled by President Patil commemorated the Poet's visit on April 12, 1924. Before sailing for China, Tagore had said that when he received the invitation he felt it was an invitation to India herself. He had hoped his visit would \"re-establish the cultural and spiritual links between the two civilisations.\" He took the initiative to invite scholars, he set up China Bhavana, he even arranged exchange of scholars.Tagore continues to be studied in Latin American universities as one of the first non-European model emerging from European cultural domination. That was the foremost reason why Argentinian Victoria Okampo was drawn to the poet, almost her father's age, when he had to cancel his visit to Peru and Mexico to raise funds for Santiniketan, and instead recover from influenza in her villa at Beunos Aires. Bengal has known Okampo as Vijaya, the 'ogo bideshini' living beyond the oceans who inspired the poems of his Purabi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13309766", "title": "Indian Diamond Institute organizes seminar on art of selling luxury", "text": "SURAT: The Indian Diamond Institute (IDI) organized a seminar titled The Art Of Selling Luxury here on Saturday. Diamantaires and jewellery manufacturers were told about how to increase the sale of gems and jewellery in Indian market.About 200 participants including jewellers and diamond company owners participated in the seminar addressed by Binit Bhatt, a Mumbai-based certified fine jewellery consultant.Bhatt told TOI, \"Jewellery sector is facing tough competition after global players entering the country. This is a warning sign to jewellers. They should be prepared to implement a massive change and innovation in the product quality, design, pricing, staff management, etc, to increase jewellery sales.\"He said consumers in the country have many other options for celebrating occasions like birthdays, anniversaries, marriages, engagements, etc, other than buying jewellery. They are internet savvy and know the developments taking place in the global market. However, jewellers have to upgrade themselves with the changing trend in order to win consumers, Bhatt added.Samir Joshi, executive director of IDI, said, \"The seminar has given a deep insight to the jewellers in the city and south Gujarat on how to increase sales of jewellery and attract consumers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13310617", "title": "Pak's navy inaugurates new Strategic Force headquarters", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The Pakistan Navy completed the establishment of a new Naval Strategic Force Command, described by the military as the custodian of the country's nuclear second strike capability.Naval Strategic Force Command headquarters was inaugurated by naval Chief Admiral Mohammad Asif Sandila.The event was attended by Strategic Plans Division Chief Lt Gen (retired) Khalid Kidwai and senior naval and military officers.Vice Admiral Tanveer Faiz, commander of the Naval Strategic Force Command, said the Naval Strategic Force Command, which is \"the custodian of the nation's second strike capability\", will strengthen Pakistan's policy of credible minimum deterrence and ensure regional stability.The headquarters of the Naval Strategic Force Command will perform a \"pivotal role in the development and employment of the naval strategic force\", Faiz was quoted as saying in a statement issued by the military.Admiral Sandila said the inauguration of the headquarters marked the \"formal establishment of the Naval Strategic Force Command\".The statement did not give details of the weapon systems and delivery platforms that comprise Pakistan's second strike capability.Unlike India, Pakistan does not have a \"no first use\" policy for its nuclear arsenal.India adopted the \"no first use\" policy shortly after its nuclear tests in 1998.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13309029", "title": "Molestation case: CCTV shows Luke Pomersbach returned after fight", "text": "NEW DELHI: Australian cricketer Luke Pomersbach, who is accused of molesting US national Zohal Hamid, got bail on Saturday even as a determined Zohal opened a new front in her battle for justice, slapping a legal notice on Bangalore IPL team director Siddharth Mallya for defaming her. Siddharth is team owner Vijay Mallya's son.In her notice, Zohal demanded an unconditional apology within 24 hours for his derogatory comments against her on a social networking site. Her lawyer said the notice was faxed to Siddharth on Friday night. \"What he said was completely untrue and very hurtful. I'll take legal action against him, if he does not apologize,\" a livid Zohal said on Saturday. Mallya had tweeted on Friday: \"She (Zohal) was all over me last night and asked for my BBM pin, so if he was her fiance she wasn't exactly behaving like a future wife.\"Zohal also submitted a written complaint to the Delhi Commission for Women (DCW) on Saturday. \"I've received a complaint and we'll take it up on Monday,\" DCW chairperson Barkha Singh said.\"The comments made by Siddharth Mallya are derogatory. They defame my client and amount to assassination of character without any basis. We have asked for an unconditional apology within 24 hours of the receipt of the notice which should be written or to the satisfaction of my client. We will wait till Tuesday evening and initiate legal action if the apology is not made,\" senior advocate Rajneesh Chopra, heading the team of lawyers assisting Zohal, said. Meanwhile, metropolitan magistrate Navita Kumari Bagha allowed bail to Pomersbach after she found no evidence to show he had trespassed into the complainant's hotel room where the incident occurred.Judge Bagha went through the CCTV footage of the alleged incident provided by the police and said no charge of \"house trespass or wrongful restraint\" was made out against the Australian. Since the other sections, including causing hurt and trying to outrage the modesty of a woman are bailable, the cricketer walked free. He has since left for Hyderabad.The court directed the 27-year-old Team Bangalore player not to approach Zohal and gave bail on a personal bond of Rs 30,000 with two sureties of like amount. He was directed to surrender his passport and cooperate with the police. Pomersbach later told TOI: \"I'm innocent and relieved to have been given bail. It's been a trying time for me, but I have full faith in the Indian judicial system and these baseless allegations will be proved false. I have a girlfriend back home too.\"On Saturday evening he submitted his passport to the New Delhi district police.\"He has furnished the Mumbai address of Avinash Yadav, manager of the IPL team. He will be contacted on this address for assistance with investigations, whenever required. We've taken his passport and he has an Indian visa till 2014,\" a senior police officer said.Scrutiny of the CCTV footage showed two witnesses to the events at the victim's hotel room. \"Sahil Peerzada and his fiance were accompanied by their friend Miraz Khan and Luke Pomersbach when they first entered Sahil and his fiance's room, the footage shows. Pomersbach left after some time with a beer bottle in his left hand as his right hand appeared to have been fractured. Later, when Luke tried entering the room a second time, a hotel guard tried to stop him. The guard has been identified as Vikas Yadav. We are questioning both witnesses,\" the officer said.The police also submitted to the court the medical report of Peerzada, who is undergoing treatment. Sahil is stable and at Chanakyapuri's Primus Hospital. \"He has been moved out of ICU and is recovering from the ear surgery. His wound is healing well and hearing is almost back to normal. His dressing will be changed on Sunday by the plastic surgeon. He'll be discharged from hospital either on Sunday or Monday,\" Dr DK Baluja, executive director of the hospital, said.Pressing for rejection of bail, the prosecutor said the incident took place when Pomersbach entered the hotel room with the woman, Sahil and Miraz. The investigating %officer told the court that a little later, Pomersbach returned with a man and tried to re-enter the room forcibly, but was pushed back from inside. Therefore, a charge of trespass with the intention of causing hurt; assault or wrongful restraint was made out against Pomersbach. The public prosecutor said Pomersbach was pre-determined to commit the offence as he had returned to the woman's room.Pomersbach's counsel, senior advocate Ramesh Gupta, conceded that his client was present there, but the entry into the room was friendly. \"Bail should be granted. But as he is a foreigner, the investigating officer or this court may have the apprehension of his fleeing, so in that case, he will surrender his% passport.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13313086", "title": "Jaya raises another river issue; seeks PM's intervention", "text": "CHENNAI: Taking on Karnataka over yet another river issue, Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa on Sunday accused the state of planning to build check dams across Pennaiyar River and sought the intervention of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to advise it against going ahead with the work.A day after raising the Cauvery water sharing issue and seeking his intervention, Jayalalithaa shot off another letter to the Prime Minister stating that Karnataka's proposal to construct check dams and diversion structures across Pennaiyar was \"causing great alarm and apprehension in Tamil Nadu\".Noting that the river, flowing through Krishnagiri, Dharmapuri, Thiruvannamalai, Villupuram and Cuddalore, was the \"lifeline\" of the people in these districts, she said it irrigates an ayacut of nearly 4 lakh acres.\"Any attempt to withhold the flows by constructing check dams and diversion structures across the Pennaiyar River will be a serious breach of the existing Inter-State Agreement on this issue,\" she said.\"This will also be a body blow to the farmers of Tamil Nadu besides affecting the basic drinking water supply position\", Jayalalithaa said.She accused Karnataka government of neither seeking the consent of Tamil Nadu nor furnishing any information about the details of the scheme as sought by the state. Tamil Nadu had urged Karnataka not to commence any work without its consent.\"I, therefore, request you to kindly intervene in this matter urgently and advise the Government of Karnataka to stop forthwith the execution of any check dams or diversion structures, across the Pennaiyar River\", Jayalalithaa said.In her earlier letter to Singh, Jayalalithaa had charged Karnataka with \"unjustly utilising\" Cauvery water and asked him to convene a meeting of the Cauvery River Authority to discuss the issue.However, Karnataka has rejected her charge and opposed the demand for CRA meet, saying the state was ensuring release of water in excess of the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal's order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13308789", "title": "Fire breaks out in Budhwar Peth", "text": "PUNE: A brothel located in a three-storey building in Budhwar Peth caught fire on Saturday morning.The fire brigade said the fire broke out in one of the rooms on the third floor around 10.30 am where 20 women lived. One of the women rushed downstairs and raised an alarm for help. The police and firemen rushed to the spot on receiving the information.Fire brigade official Vijay Bhilare said the fire may have started after an oil lamp kept near an idol fell down and clothes and other goods caught fire. No one was injured. The people living in the building, however, said that short-circuit could be the cause of the incident.Three fire tenders and four water tankers were pressed into service and the fire was doused within minutes.The brothel is located in a congested area near the Shukrawar Peth police chowkey. The building is very old and is in a dilapidated condition.The vehicular traffic was diverted for sometime for enabling the firemen to carry out their work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13310838", "title": "Mysore schools do well in ICSE, ISC examinations", "text": "MYSORE: All seven schools, which come under the Council for Indian School Certification Examinations, have performed well in Indian Certificate of Secondary Examinations (ICSE) 10th, and Indian School Certificate (ISC) 12th Std (Science) exams.The toppers from both ICSE and ISC exams in the district are from De Paul International School. Kim Mee Jung, a South Korean girl, stood first in ISC exams by scoring 91%. Jerry G Wilson of the same school is the topper in the district with 93% in ICSE.Out of the seven schools, three of those offering ISC course have achieved 100% results. Barring Adhyayan School, which has recorded 90% pass percentage, the other schools have achieved centum in ICSE.All those from the first batch ICSE students of Gnanodaya Public School have passed.|The second place in ICSE was secured by C Aishwarya Belliyappa of Mysore Public School by scoring 92.14%. Raja Vamshi of Jnanasarovara International Residential School has secured second place in ISC exams by scoring 85%.TOPPER SPEAK C Aishwarya Belliyappa, an ICSE student of Mysore Public School said: \"My aim is to get a seat in Indian Institute of Technology as I'm interested in Science and Technology. Students can score well if they study three hours everyday.\"Raja Vamshi, who is the topper of Jnansarovara International Residential School in ISC exams, said he wants to pursue mechanical engineering in a reputed engineering college in Bangalore. He also wants to set up his own automobile industry in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13310841", "title": "'Parents must make education, sports go hand-in-hand'", "text": "MYSORE: Over 500 children were awarded certificates for participating in the 19th annual sports summer camp organized by the department of Physical Education (University of Mysore) here on Friday.The organizers conducted the camp for 11 sporting events: cricket, football , basketball, volleyball, badminton , kabbadi, kho-kho, athletics, gymnastics, wrestling and hockey, of which the first four registered a good number of participants. Around 100 children were trained in the respective sports during the month-long camp that began on April 18.International athlete M Yogendra, who was the chief guest for the valedictory, called upon parents to keep encouraging their children in sports. \"Parents should not restrict their children for summer camp. They should continuously encourage their children,\" Yogendra said, adding that education and sports should be made to go hand-in-hand.He also mentioned cricketer Sachin Tendulkar , saying that for the first time due to outstanding achievement in sports, a cricketing legend was nominated to Rajya Sabha.A large number of parents had turned up to watch their wards receive certificates. Ashok, one such parent, said people must support children untill they succeed. According to him, \"the camp inculcated discipline among the participants\". Parents of children who were trained in basketball appreciated new coach Girish for his skills.Department director C Krishna called upon budding sportspersons to make the best use of the facilities available to them. \"Many participants of earlier camps have represented Karnataka and India,\" he added. One such trainee is Aditya B Sagar. He represented U-16 Indian cricket team, and is doing well by representing Karnataka now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13320162", "title": "Support for Ganga continues to pour", "text": "VARANASI: Support from different sections of society for the on-going movement to save the Ganga continued to pour in on Sunday when many social and voluntary organisations and associations came on the road.To show solidarity with the movement initiated by Swami Gyan Swarup Sanad (noted environmentalist Prof GD Agrawal), the Approved Tourist Guide Association carried out a vehicle rally from Mint House Crossing to Kedar Ghat and later organised a seminar at the Tapasya Sthal to discuss the issues related with the river.On the other hand, while several Ganga bhaktas, sanyasis, Vedic students and yogis performed Sirs Aasan to give their nod to the undisrupted flow of water in the river, members of the Yuva Congress, Varanasi observed fast for two hours in water near Ahilyabai Ghat. At the same time, women folks from various welfare organisations also joined the campaign and organised bhajan, kirtan and served the saints admitted to divisional hospital. Supporting the campaign, a dharna was organised by Kashi Vaishya Vikas Manch at Chetganj Crossing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "shahdol", "code": "13313590", "title": "Four SAF personnel killed in road mishap, 29 injured", "text": "SHAHDOL: Four personnel of Special Armed Forces's (SAF) 29th battallion were killed and 29 others injured today when the vehicle in which they were travelling collided with a tanker carrying acid, police said.The incident occurred at Pandha Bazar turn under Jaisingh Nagar police station about 60 kms from here.The SAF jawans were on their way to Shahdol from Datia when a Rewa-bound tanker carrying acid first overturned at Pandha Bazar turn and later hit the SAF vehicle, killing three personnel on the spot while the fourth succumbed to his injuries at hospital, police said.The deceased were identified as - company commander Mharaj Singh, Platoon Commander Dhrampal Singh and havaldars Gopal Singh and Anand Singh.The injured personnel were admitted to Shahdol district hospital, while six in serious condition were referred to Jabalpur for treatment.Soon after the mishap, Collector Neeraj Dube and Superintendent of Police (SP) Sudhir Laad reached the spot and made arrangements for the shifting of victims to hopsital, police said adding further investigations were on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13308165", "title": "Karnataka high court judge dies in road mishap", "text": "BANGALORE: Justice K Govindarajulu , additional judge of the Karnataka high court, died in a road accident on Saturday morning between Kadiri and Pulivendula in Anantapur district. His wife Rajeshwari and son Akhil were seriously injured. Another son Akash and the driver suffered minor injuries.The injured were administered first-aid in a private clinic before they were rushed to the Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences in Kadapa where the judge succumbed to his injuries, police said. The family was proceeding from Bangalore to a relative's house.Justice Govindarajulu, who hailed from Bellary and had a 17-year stint as a judicial officer in various parts of the state, was elevated to the high court as additional judge on March 12, 2010. Born on April 2, 1953, Justice Govindarajulu got a BA degree from Veerashaiva College, Bellary and secured a law degree from Shri Jagadguru Renukacharya College of Law, Bangalore and studied post-graduation in constitution law at Mysore University. He also worked as a part-time lecturer in VS Law College, Bellary. He later worked as government pleader in Bellary and was selected as a district judge on February 1,1993.As a high court judge, Justice Govindarajulu was part of the division bench which quashed the Lokayukta report related to illegal mining, the sanction to probe accorded by the governor and the subsequent FIR filed against former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13310773", "title": "Door-to-door garbage collection drivers hold protest demonstration", "text": "VADODARA: Workers and drivers involved in the door-to-door garbage collection in eastern part of the city stopped work for some time and rushed to Panigate police station to hold demonstrations after a driver of one of the vans was allegedly beaten up on Dabhoi Road on Saturday morning.Kadvalal Vasoniya was beaten up after the van narrowly escaped hitting a motorcyclist Vipul Vanzara. The driver was allegedly slapped by Vanzara.Vasoniya went to Panigate police station where drivers of other vans also came with their vehicles. The situation was, however, resolved soon after police took Vasoniya's complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13309853", "title": "Patna Municipal Corporation poll throws up 33 first-time winners", "text": "PATNA: Thirty-three candidates were elected municipal councillors for the first time as the results of Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) elections held on May 17 were declared on Saturday. Polling for 70 wards of the PMC was held on May 17 while three wards would have re-polling on May 22.The red, pink, yellow and green gulal and garlands, some nine feet in length, changed the face of the Boring Road. Thousands of supporters of different candidates gathered near the counting centre at AN College. All the shops along the Boring Road were closed and ongoing construction work stopped by the district administration. Vehicular traffic was also diverted from the Boring Road crossing for security reasons.Counting of votes started at 8am and continued till 6.30pm amid tight security. As the results were announced, supporters of the winners broke into joy. \"A few candidates started opening the EVMs, and police had to resort to mild lathicharge to control them and their polling agents,\" said City SP Kim.A huge crowd gathered near the gate of the AN College when Afzal Imam, the sitting mayor, was declared winner. \"Around 130 boys have come from Alamganj area for the results, while rest of the people are waiting in the area to welcome him,\" said Anjum, a supporter of Imam. The scorching heat could not hold back the supporters who several times breached the security cordon. A large number of armed district police and Bihar Military Police (BMP) jawans were deployed near the counting centre to control the crowd.Among the many first-time winners, Shivkumar won from ward number 62, trouncing former deputy mayor Santosh Mehta. Shivkumar said, \"Now that I have won, delivering on the promises and matching the expectations of residents of the area is more important.\" Meena Kumari from ward number 48 also won the elections for the first time.Jai Narain Sharma retained his seat this time too. Sharma has been winning the PMC elections since 1984.However, many of the candidates who lost the race started complaining about the counting process. Geeta Kumari, a candidate of ward number 16, said, \"My husband and me both voted for my symbol but, strangely, the EVM recorded only one vote in my favour. There is certainly something wrong with the EVM.\" Another candidate, Priyanka Sinha from ward number 23, said, \"Our result is also awaited as the EVM of booth number 3 could not be accessed due to some technical problem. It might take another two days to get a clear picture of the result.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13308993", "title": "Take lessons from Delhi Police on investigations, high court tells director general of police", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Saturday asked DGP Harish Chandra Meena to take a cue from the Delhi Police on how to conduct a quick and proper investigation in cases of human trafficking as has been done in the case of the deceased baby Falak. The court also told the DGP to set the same in the investigation module of police trainees and also for all serving senior police officials.The DGP, along with 32 other IPS and RPS officers and a large number of SHOs from across the state, appeared before a division bench of the high court on Saturday as they were summoned to explain the improper approach towards investigation in cases of more than 6,000 missing persons.In fact, as many as 90 habeas corpus petitions were pending since 2003. The bench comprising Justice Dalip Singh and Justice Meena V Gomber expressed concern over the issue of human trafficking and asked the DGP to increase coordination among the senior officers as also to see that appropriate monitoring of such investigations are done by senior officials.\"We have seen that the SPs concerned are not keen to see as to what is happening in the investigations in FIRs pertaining to abduction, kidnapping or missing persons. It is surprising to see that the first two weeks in such cases are very crucial and the police officials keep on beating around the bush for couple of weeks and by the time some clue comes up, things take a bad shape,\" the bench observed.\"Our purpose to call you and other officers is just to nudge you to wake up and do the needful. We believe that submissions like having anti-human trafficking cells, missing persons squad won't do. We want results which is unfortunately not on the cards even when investigations are on for the past eight years in some cases. We cannot approve of such an approach,\" said Justice Dalip Singh.\"There are a large number of new crimes but there is no awareness among the public. Policing does not mean only to grab an accused after commission of crime. The police must introduce a thorough awareness campaign in the state,\" observed Justice Singh.Showing its deep concern over young couples eloping, Justice Mrs. Gomber said: \"We can see several young girls and boys sitting in various joints in the city in such positions which are self-speaking. Why don't police ask them for identification and inform their parents about their presence in such places? This will be helpful in checking the issue of runaway girls and boys for whom later their parents approach court.\"The DGP assured the court that a drive will be undertaken in the entire state to check such young couples in public places and inform their parents. It was directed by the bench that a status report shall be filed in all the habeas corpus cases by July 16 and all the cases will be taken up in a bunch of 10 cases each from July 16 itself.The court also asked the DGP to issue directives to all the SPs to monitor the cases of missing, abducted and kidnapped persons. Peeved with the fact that the investigating officers are not provided with any assistance and by the time a missing person is found, they are either dead or have suffered badly, the bench has summoned DGP along with all ADGPs and all IGPs besides all the SHOs investigating the cases on May 11.The order was issued on a habeas corpus petition filed by one Teeja Devi. According to the petition, a girl has been missing for the past six months from Sikar district. The bench also expressed its anguish over police investigation revolving around call trace and mobile locations only and that no extra efforts are made besides putting last known telephone talks on surveillance.However, the bench appreciated the efforts made by a television serial 'Crime Patrol' telecasted on a private channel for creating awareness against possible crime and concentrating on the modus of investigation by police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "13309568", "title": "Re-rollers lament Pak ban on non-alloy steel exports through Attari", "text": "PATIALA: The integrated check post (ICP) at Attari came as a big hope for Punjab industry, but in a setback to the state industry, Pakistan has banned export of around 125 steel items from India through Wagah border, allowing it only through Mumbai.A recent announcement by Union industry ministry of Pakistan has come as a big shock for about 500 re-rolling steel mills of Punjab, which produce around 15,000 tonnes per day, who were expected to get a boost with the opening of ICP.According to steel exporters, Pakistan authorities have allowed import of only alloy steel items through Wagah border, banning entry of non-alloy steel items through this route, without giving any valid reason. Since all mills produce around 95% non-alloy steel items like angles, channels and other items, the Pak order has meant a hurdle for Punjab steel industry.\"The order implies that only Punjab industry has been targeted and banned from exporting steel goods. It's really strange that we could not use the nearest road to export our steel items, but have to go to Mumbai if we want to export to Pakistan,\" rued Surinder Kumar, owner of a mill from Mandi Gobindgarh area.Use of Mumbai route would put an extra burden of at least Rs 5,000 per tonne on every export and the steel, which can be exported to Pakistan at the rate of around Rs 40,000, would cost at least Rs 45,000 per tonne, he said.\"We got to know about this a few days back. We have written to Union steel ministry and sought their immediate intervention. We have also requested Punjab CM to immediately take up the matter with Prime Minister. Why we have to go to Mumbai when we have a direct road through Wagah to Pakistan,\" said Vinod Vashisht, president of All India Re-rollers Association, from Mandi Gobindgarh.Not only financial burden, it will also cause harassment to Punjab industry as they will have to make trips to Mumbai, first to book ships and then to ensure safe delivery of material to Pakistani purchasers, he added.Repeated attempts to contact Punjab industry minister Anil Joshi proved futile as he did not attend his mobile phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13308807", "title": "MP asked Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation to stop hawker eviction drive in Andheri: Right to Information", "text": "MUMBAI: Are politicians inadvertently lending muscle to unauthorized hawkers? A Right to Information ( RTI) query has revealed that Congress MP Gurudas Kamat had shot off a letter to the civic body, asking it to stop its eviction drive against vendors in Andheri (W).In his letter, Kamat asked the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) to implement the hawker policy uniformly all over Mumbai instead of targeting vendors only in Andheri (W), which is part of his constituency. The letter is dated December 10, 2011 and is addressed to Subodh Kumar who was the municipal commissioner at that time. TOI is in possession of the letter.Claiming that hawkers were being repeatedly \"harassed\" by K (west) ward office on the instructions of additional municipal commissioner Mohan Adtani, Kamat alleged that civic activist Aftab Siddiqui was targeting a particular set of vendors for reasons \"best known to her\".When contacted by TOI, Kamat said, \"I did write to the BMC. Where does Siddiqui live? She's an activist from Linking Road in Bandra and is complaining about hawkers in Andheri. Why doesn't she form a federation all over the city? The hawkers had approached me during the festival season to sell their wares. Residents told me they found it convenient to buy from them. If a hawking policy has to be implemented, it must be done in a uniform manner all over the city. Municipal officials should not misuse their power by targeting one set of hawkers,\" said Kamat.Siddiqui retorted, \"If we go by Kamat's logic, why is he an MP from this constituency when he is a Chembur resident?\"Asked if he was aware of an incident in September last year in which five illegal hawkers from Andheri (W) thrashed a shopkeeper, Roshanlal Joshi, after the latter complained to the BMC about them, Kamat said, \"I'm not aware of this incident. I will never support violence.\"Two years ago, residents and shopkeepers from Bandra (W) to Andheri (W) came together and formed H (west) and K (west) United Federation to take up the illegal hawker issue. Following the federation's formation, five illegal hawkers barged into Dev Laxmi Jewellery Store on SV Road, near Andheri (West) station, on September 21, dragged Joshi, who owns the store, out of the shop and beat him up in broad daylight. Andheri residents and shopkeepers now believe that the MP's letter served as an obstacle in the BMC's hawker removal drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13308747", "title": "Cummins teams clinch top honours at ThinkQuest", "text": "PUNE: Riyaz Iqbal and Vimina B T of Cummins India won the ThinkQuest Corporate Quiz while the first runner up spot too was claimed by a Cummins India team comprising Vageesh K V and Ramprakash.The two teams were tied for the first position but Iqbal and Vimina proved superior in the tie-breaker round. The team of Vinayak Kulkarni and Arpita Mirani of Mahindra Satyam came third.The winners took home goodies including iPads , hi-tech bicycles, vacation entitlements in Goa and other assortments.Organised jointly by Life Republic, an integrated township project launched by Kolte Patil Developers and The Times of India, the event evoked a rapturous response from Pune's corporate professionals. As many as 2,000 teams participated in the event through the initial rounds and six of them qualified for the grand finale which had actor Mandira Bedi as the quiz master.The pre-final round, which comprised a written section, a rapid fire round and a surprise question, had 24 teams out of which the final six were chosen.Mandira Bedi shot questions at the finalists that tested their general knowledge, their awareness about the city (Pune) they live in and their analytical thinking. They were faced with bouncers such as \"What was Pune city originally known as?\" or \"Who was the founder of Eastman Kodak ?\" \"Which drink was initially known as 'Brad's drink?\"The six finalists were also rewarded for their specific superiority as the Mahindra Satyam team of Kulkarni and Mirani were chosen for the 'Creative thinking award,' Cummins team of Vageesh and Ramprakash claimed 'Regional thinking award,' Abhisek Mishra and Avinash CV of Tech Mahindra got the honour for 'Lateral thinking award,\" and Amdocs team of Arjun V and Sai Pavan got the award for 'Logical thinking' with the winning team of iqbal and Vimina closing with the 'Sharp thinking award.'The audience too was enthusiastic about the event as they cheered their teams and answered the questions themselves with great prowess and accuracy. Their enthusiasm was ably rewarded by the hosts who offered tickets to the IPL match between Pune and Kolkata scheduled for Saturday.Vijay Sane, project director of Life Republic, said he was overwhelmed by the response and said the organisers would be keen on making it a platform for interaction between the thinking communities of Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13309390", "title": "Two held for assaulting Patuli assistant sub-inspector", "text": "KOLKATA: The assistant sub-inspector (ASI) of Patuli police station, Balaram Das was allegedly assaulted by two pedestrians near Shahid Kshudiram Metro station late on Friday. Two persons - Subhankar Modok and Narayan Purakyet - were arrested.The incident occurred when Das was returning home. He found two youths blocking the road and chatting. When he asked them to free the way, an altercation broke out and the two started assaulting him. Das lodged a complaint after a getting a medical checkup done. The duo was arrested from their homes in Patuli.when he found two youths were busy chatting blocking the road. He asked them to free the way. An altercation broke out. Two youths started assaulting him. The assaulted ASI got him medically checked and lodged a complaint against the youths. Police later arrested two youths from their respective homes in Patuli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13318870", "title": "Lata Mangeshkar joins Javed fight for copyright", "text": "The Nightingale Lata Mangeshkar says she is totally with Javed Akhtar in his fight to secure royalty rights for singers and lyricists.Says Lataji, \"I'm a 110 per cent with Javed Saab. My only fear is, how will he cope with all the backlash coming his way from producers and music companies who are very angry and upset? I fought for royalty for singers in the 1960s. I had even stopped recording songs at that time while other singers who didn't support my cause continued to record. My mission collapsed. My colleagues didn't get the point. If a songwriter like Javed Saab had spoken up alongside me in the 1960s, a change in copyright rules would have occurred long back. Javed Saab is fighting a much wider battle. Singers and other musicians often die in penury.\"Lataji feels she is being deprived of her rightful royalty. \"The music company Saregama HMV has nearly all my songs. They are putting my songs in various compilations of Naushad, Salil Chowdhary, Bappi Lahiri etc....what do I get from this? I don't get any royalty. Now there is internet and the MP3 format. On top of that the serials on television play my songs. It's the music company that gives them permission to play my songs. Is that correct? There's a popular serial Bade Achche Lagte Hain. Even the title of the serial is from a popular song by Amit Kumar.\"Says Lataji, \"Javed Saab is fighting a brave battle. But the time to fight battles for film music is gone. Where are the singers and song writers with durable content? Today I see my songs being sung on television by other singers. Even my face is used.But I am not singing.Is there any way of stopping such practices? However what Javed Saab is doing fully justified. But even if the amendment becomes a law how can the music companies be controlled?\"Says Javed: \"What Lataji fought to achieve in the 1960s has now come to fruition. She feels she should have spoken up in parliament about the issue. But I say, she is the queen and it up to us her followers to ensure her dream is fulfilled. The singer has now been given a moral right over the song. This has not happened anywhere else in the world. What more could I want? We've fulfilled what Lataji had set out to do for musicians 50 years ago. When she was gracious enough to come to release the Marathi translation of my poems on Saturday I told Lataji that we're near achieving what she had set out to achieve. In recent times the desecration of songs has attained epidemic proportions. They take the songs of Lataji and add rap and jhankar sections to them. When I hear a new version of Mera lal dupatta mal-mal ka I feel like crying. If there are people who feel this kind of remix invites youngsters to listen to the classics then by the same logic strobelights should be added to the Taj Mahal during weekends so that youngsters can go and dance in the moonlight. This is absurd logic. Now they won't be able to make these additions without the singer's permission.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "13309829", "title": "Poll holiday for Calangute locals on Monday", "text": "CANDOLIM: The elections to the Calangute VP, which were deferred after a controversy over the delimitation of wards, will now be held on May 21. Hence, the government has declared May 21 a public holiday for offices situated within the limits of Calangute.Talking to STOI on Saturday, current sarpanch Joseph Sequeira and Calangute MLA Michael Lobo denied any conflict between them over candidates. Lobo said, \"I'm not supporting a panel against Sequeira. But we, the BJP workers, are supporting four of our party workers who are contesting the elections.\"Sequeira told STOI, \"I'm not aware of any panel being supported by Lobo. I've given him my list of candidates. I've been putting up my panel for the last three terms. But nobody else has declared their panels,\" he says, referring to reports that ex-ZP member Anthony Menezes had also floated a panel. Menezes was not available for his comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13316446", "title": "Presidential polls: Jayalalithaa steps up lobbying for Sangma", "text": "CHENNAI: AIADMK chief and Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Sunday stepped up her lobbying for the candidature of NCP leader and former Lok Sabha speaker PA Sangma for the upcoming Presidential elections. She spoke to several non UPA leaders including BJP leader LK Advani, CPM general secretary Prakash Karat, CPI leader AB Bardhan, Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav, Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and TDP leader Chandrababu Naidu in an effort to build consensus in Sangma's favour. .\"As part of her campaign for Sangma, Jayalalithaa has spoken to the leaders over the phone and asked them to support Sangma who is also a tribal leader from north east and capable person for the presidential post,\" a statement issued by the AIADMK headquarters here stated.It also recalled Sangma's meeting with Jayalalithaa on May 15 at the state secretariat in Chennai. Jayalalithaa officially announced her support for Sangma on May 17. Jayalalithaa's latest initiative comes two days after she asked all parties to \"rise above political considerations,\" and support the tribal leader for the top constitutional post. .In a coordinated move, Jayalalithaa and her Odisha counterpart Naveen Patnaik on May 17 announced their joint support for Sangma. The AIADMK chief had held consultations with Patnaik and her party leaders before announcing her support to Sangma.A constituent of the UPA, the NCP, to which Sangma belongs, has however, ruled out supporting his candidature, saying it would go along with the Congress-led alliance being a part of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13309490", "title": "Diabetic student denied admission", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A controversy has erupted after a five-year-old student was allegedly denied admission when the parents informed school authorities that the child was suffering from acute diabetics.The school had already accepted the fees and had confirmed the admission of the student, Darsh Gondalia. The student's father Vijay said \"Darsh was admitted in Senior KG of A-one School, Satellite. A cheque of Rs 25,500 to the school authorities was also deposited.\"Vijay, who stays in Ghuma and has his business in Nehrunagar, said that while taking admission in the school, a form was given to them. While filling up the details, they forgot to inform the school that Darsh was suffering from diabetics.\"On May 16, after the parent-teacher meeting, the school handed over a list of food items that were to be sent in the tiffin. During the meeting the parents requested the teacher to take proper care of Darsh as he was suffering from diabetics. The teachers immediately rushed to the principal room and informed the management of Darsh's condition and reprimanded the parents for hiding the information while filling the form. He was even forced to give an application asking the school to cancel Darsh's admission.However, Vijay said that he refused and requested the principal and staff that he should be allowed to meet the trustee. On May 17, he secured an appointment to meet the trustee, but that day he was handed over the cheque refunding the fees.The trustee of the school Viral Shah, when contacted, said, \"We are willing to give admission to students, but parents have taken a decision to withdraw the students from the school. We just explained him that Ghuma was about 12 km from the school and the child would be in bus for a long time and hence he should take admission near his residence.\" He also admitted that the parents had hidden the information while filling up the form. Shah reiterated that if the parents come back, the school would again give him admission.District Primary Education Officer M M Jani says, \"No school can refuse admission unless the student is suffering from communicable disease. Diabetic is not a communicable disease. We have not received any complaint and if the parents lodge a complaint with us, I will definitely take action against the school.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13310910", "title": "Strategic Karwar naval base set for major expansion", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the mammoth aircraft carrier INS Vikramaditya slated to reach Indian shores early next year, the government is finally scrambling to launch the long-delayed expansion of the strategic Karwar naval base in coastal Karnataka at a cost of around Rs 13,000 crore.The Phase-IIA expansion of Karwar base, which gives the country both strategic depth and operational flexibility on the western seaboard, is being sent to the Cabinet Committee on Security for the final nod after defence minister A K Antony approved it last week, sources said.Defence secretary Shashikant Sharma also visited Karwar recently to take a look at the naval base, which can currently base 11 major warships and 10 smaller ships after Phase-I completion at a cost of Rs 2,629 crore.Navy will be able to berth 32 major warships and submarines, and various other ships, including 10 of the 80 fast-interceptor craft (FICs), to be acquired for coastal security force Sagar Prahari Bal, after Phase-IIA is completed by 2018-19.INS Vikramaditya, or the 44,570-tonne Admiral Gorshkov being refitted by Russia for $2.33 billion, will be inducted much before that. With the congested Mumbai harbour not capable of handling INS Vikramaditya, some warships may have to be shifted out from Karwar to accommodate the carrier.The six Scorpene submarines, being built at Mazagon Docks for Rs 23,562 crore and slated for induction in the 2015-2020 timeframe, will also be housed at Karwar. With its natural cover and depth of water, the base is ideal for stealthy submarine operations.Karwar is India's third major naval base after Mumbai and Visakhapatnam on the west coast, while Pakistan has five at Gwadar, Ormara, Karachi, Pasni and Jiwani.Under Phase-IIA, Karwar will get an airbase, armament depot, dockyard complex and missile silos, apart from additional jetties, berthing and anchorage facilities. The eventual aim is to base 50 frontline warships at Karwar after Phase-IIB is completed.This is critical for strategic needs since the Navy is steaming ahead on its modernization path with 44 warships, six Scorpene submarines, 95 FICs and 106 smaller ships like barges, tugs and vessels already on order.In tune with the \"maritime capability perspective plan'', another 45 warships are in the pipeline. These include six stealth submarines, seven stealth frigates, 16 coastal anti-submarine vessels, four massive landing platform docks and eight mine counter-measure vessels.Overall, as first reported by TOI, Navy's ongoing conventional warship, submarine and maritime aircraft acquisition programme as well as proposed projects will together cost well over Rs 3,00,000 crore over the next 15 years.On the strategic front, Navy plans to have three SSBNs (nuclear-powered submarines with long-range nuclear missiles) and six SSNs (nuclear-powered attack submarines) in the long term. The first SSBN INS Arihant will become operational in first half of 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13309377", "title": "No leads yet in Regent Park guard murder", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after a security guard was murdered in a house in Regent Park, the accused, 80-year-old Shanta Mukherjee and her grandson Rudra Narayan Banerjee, were produced in court on Saturday. While Shanta was remanded in judicial custody, Rudra was remanded in police custody. Police are, however, yet to ascertain the motive behind the murder.Twenty-two-year-old Rudra apparently stabbed the security guard, hired by a real estate developer, to protect the landlord, Gautam Bose and his Rs 11.6-crore property. According to sources, Shanta Mukherjee, who is related to Deshbandu Chittaranjan Das, had a property dispute with Bose. There is apparently no reason for the duo to kill a guard, feel police.However, police initiated the case on the basis of witness accounts which said that Rudra was provoked by his grandmother to kill the guard. Locals said the murder might have been a ploy to get rid of the promoter who was in a hurry to develop the property whose valuation is nearly Rs 12 crore as per the current market price.The security was engaged by a local promoter in March to guard Rudra's 60-year-old landlord Gautam Bose. He was having tea in the first-floor portico around 8am on Friday when Rudra attacked him from behind, say police. Passersby on the road saw the attack. Bose watched the murder helplessly and then called the promoter, who informed police.The first police team that arrived to arrest Rudra beat a hasty retreat when he charged at them with a knife. Reinforcements arrived and subdued him. \"He was arrested on basis of eyewitness reports. His clothes were drenched in blood. He will be interrogated on whether there was any provocation,\" said ACP Samir Gupta. Police are treading with care on his grandma. Rudra is a final-year mathematics student at Netajinagar College.Bose and his family have reportedly entered into an agreement with the promoter for the sprawling plot. But the tenants, Rudra and Shanta Mukherjee, refused to move out in spite of several eviction suits. Then the duo was offered ownership of a G+3 building and another 8,000 square feet space for their school. Police have been told that Mukherjee agreed but Rudra opposed it.Dinesh's family is in Bihar. Bose stayed alone in the first-floor after the death of his mother in March (after which the guard was employed). His only kin - a sister - stays in Pune. Bose's extended families (nearly 9 others) have a stake in the property. Mukherjee stayed in the ground-floor alone with her grandson, she run her school from there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "13310834", "title": "Hemchandracharya North Gujarat University issues notice to 21 self-financed colleges", "text": "PALANPUR: Hemchandracharya North Gujarat University (HNGU) has issued notices to 21 self-financed BCA, BEd and BBA colleges for violating its as well as that of University Grants Commission's norms.The colleges are located in Banskantha, Mehsana, Patan and Sabarkantha districts.HNGU vice-chancellor Hemankshi Rao said, \"It is binding on affiliated colleges to ensure minimum physical amenities for their students.Irregularities were noticed in these colleges during an inspection by a committee constituted by HNGU.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13308447", "title": "CBI to haul up three ministers in Jaganmohan assets case", "text": "HYDERABAD: After some key arrests, the CBI is all set to question three ministers - Ponnala Lakshmaiah, Mopidevi Venkataramana and J Geeta Reddy - in the assets case pertaining to Kadapa MP Y S Jaganmohan Reddy from Monday onwards.Sources said excise minister Mopidevi will be quizzed on the role played by him in the controversial Vadarevu and Nizampatnam Port and Industrial Corridor (Vanpic) deal. In his earlier stint as minister in the YSR cabinet, Mopidevi held the ports portfolio and it was during this period that the Vanpic project was given several concessions including the allotment of 28,000 acres of land in Guntur and Prakasam districts. The CBI, which is collecting information from both Nimmagadda Prasad, the promoter of Vanpic, and K V Brahmananda Reddy, former special secretary of the investments and infrastructure wing, through custodial interrogation, is likely to crosscheck the same with minister Mopidevi, sources said. Apart from this, the minister has to do a lot of explaining on the myriad ways of land acquisition done for Vanpic, though it was not his portfolio, but in view of the fact that the areas fell under the purview of his native district Guntur and the neighbouring Prakasam. As many as 6,000 acres were acquired for Vanpic in the minister's native village itself, sources said.IT minister Ponnala held the irrigation portfolio during the YSR regime and the CBI is probing the possible flow of quid pro quo benefits to Jagan-owned Jagati Publications (the publisher of Sakshi newspaper) from the contractors who were given the works of the irrigation projects.Apart from this. Ponnala has to explain the reasons for his decisions in allotting 10 lakh litres of water each to the two plants of India Cements situated in Rangareddy and Nalgonda districts. It was during his time as irrigation minister that this plant had applied for doubling its production capacity and was given more water from Kagna and Krishna rivers. India Cements invested Rs 140 crore in Jagan firms and sold off Rs 90 crore worth shares it held in Bharati Cements for a profit later.J Geeta Reddy is likely to face questions on the concessions she extended to Brahmani Steels in Kadapa district when she was holding the industries portfolio during the YSR regime. This company, which never saw the light of the day despite getting 10,700 acres of land, was shown as a pretext for OMC's iron ore scam.The CBI may end up quizzing all the six ministers who were given notices by the Supreme Court. Already Sabita Indra Reddy and Dharmana Prasada Rao were questioned. Mopidevi will be quizzed for the second time in the Jagan assets case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "13308328", "title": "Greater Noida to get 12 multilevel car parks", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Taking note of the increasing number of vehicles in the city, the Greater Noida Authority has decided to construct multilevel parking lots at 12 spots across the city. While the master plan has earmarked land for parking areas, the Authority has not yet constructed any designated parking lots in the city.The Authority has zeroed in on the spots and construction work on the parking lots will be carried out in two phases. In the first phase, six parking lots, each with a capacity of accommodating at least 10,000 four-wheelers, will come up. The six spots that have been finalized comprise the Alpha commercial belt, Ansal Mall near Pari Chowk, the Collectorate and the District Court in Surajpur, CM market in Sector Beta I, the Jagat farm area, and the Alpha II Market.Deputy CEO Akhilesh Yadav and GM (planning) Leenu Sehgal conducted a meeting on May 15 with the engineers in charge of all the areas.\"There has been a noticeable increase in the traffic volume, and often, people park their cars haphazardly along the roads, in busy market areas, or even on the sidewalks. The traffic department and the police recently carried out a drive against such vehicles and found many defaulters,\" said an Authority official. \"We realized it is time we construct multi-level designated parking lots in the city,\" he added.The Greater Noida Authority has also requested the Noida Authority for the latter's parking policy to get an idea of the technical details, charges to be collected from the public if any, etc. The Greater Noida Authority will then present all details of the parking lots and its own parking policy before the Board and once it gets approved, the construction work will begin.The new parking lots are expected to ease congestion, especially in markets and areas like the Collectorate and the district court that see a huge rush of visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13310585", "title": "G8 asks North Korea to refrain from provocative actions", "text": "WASHINGTON: Leaders of the G-8 countries have asked North Korea to refrain from any provocative actions like missile launch and comply with its international obligations.\"We continue to have deep concerns about provocative actions of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) that threatens regional stability,\" G-8 countries said yesterday in their Camp David declaration after their leaders concluded their two-day meet in this historic presidential retreat.The G8 leaders expressed concern about the DPRK's nuclear programme, including its uranium enrichment programme, and condemned the country's April 13, 2012 launch that used ballistic missile technology in direct violation of UNSC resolution\"We urge the DPRK to comply with its international obligations and abandon all nuclear and ballistic missile programmes in a complete, verifiable, and irreversible manner. We call on all UN member states to join the G-8 in fully implementing the UNSC resolutions in this regard,\" the declaration said.\"We affirm our will to call on the UN Security Council to take action, in response to additional DPRK acts, including ballistic missile launches and nuclear tests. We remain concerned about human rights violations in the DPRK, including the situation of political prisoners and the abductions issue,\" the G-8 leaders said.Earlier in the day, the US President Barack Obama said that G-8 has agreed that North Korea is violating its international obligations and there's a path for it to rejoin the international community.\"That objective will not happen if the North Koreans continue along the path they've been on over the past few months,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13319183", "title": "Points for Mahindra at Le Mans", "text": "CHENNAI: German Marcel Schrotter finished 12th under treacherous conditions to bring home the first points of the Moto3 ( MotoGP ) season for Mahindra Racing at the French Grand Prix in Le Mans on Sunday.Schrotter, who started at the back of the grid after facing problems during qualifying, kept a steady head in wet and sliding conditions to bring the bike safely across the chequered flag in a race that saw only 15 riders from the original 33 last the full distance. The race, which is the fourth in the 17-round season, was won by Frenchman Louis Rossi.\"We had so many problems this weekend and the conditions were treacherous. Our engine is quite aggressive, making it more difficult in the wet. From the start, it was so difficult - so slippery you could hardly go round the corners. By the end I just wanted to finish, even if I lost positions. But it paid off, because so many other riders crashed, and I did finish and it is good to get points,\" said Schrotter, who scored four points from the race.Meanwhile Mahindra's second rider, Brit Danny Webb, had no luck going his way after problems with the bike forced him to start the race from the pitlane. He later retired from the race.\"I had a problem on the grid and had to start from pit lane ... They'd already gone when I got going. I overtook one person and had quite a nice rhythm. I could see I was starting to catch Marcel, then I tried a little bit too hard, and the bike was down. We've had loads of problems this weekend, but we'll keep trying and we'll be alright,\" said Webb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "13309633", "title": "IPL leaves Dharamshala in turmoil", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: A large number of tourists and cricket fans arrived at the hill station, which blocked most roads leading to Dharamshala. The airport remained busy handling around eight charter flights of the corporate honchos. Resident had a tough time as the vehicles were stranded, making it impossible for them to commute.\"It was a half-day at work but I spent nearly three hours on the road trying to find my way home,\" said Himanshu Guleria, a bank employee.Also, CM Omar Abdullah and deputy CM Sukhbir Badal cancelled their visit while P K Dhumal and the IPL chief, Rajeev Shukla , reached the venue. Several bureaucrats reached the stadium as well. The district administration remained busy attending VIPs, but criticized by the social workers and opposition.Things worsened towards the evening as even pedestrians had trouble walking around due the extreme hodge-podge. Situation was similar in McLeodganj too as people reached the place to enjoy their Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13308746", "title": "Barapullah debris stays, locals fear waterlogging", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Barapullah flyover may be a boon to commuters going from east to south Delhi but the construction waste has become a headache for residents of Nizamuddin and Jungpura. With monsoon approaching and the waste clogging the nullah, they are likely to face the waterlogging problem this year, too.\"During the construction, we were repeatedly assured by PWD and MCD that debris would be cleared. Last year, as the main drain was clogged, our toilets got blocked. Even our basements were swamped with sewer water. Because of the lax attitude of government agencies, the situation will be the same this year,\" said D Sachdeva, a resident of west Nizamuddin.Officials say that in a meeting held with the chief secretary in February, it was decided that the corporation would clean the drain and PWD would pay it. After the split, South Delhi Municipal Corporation undertook the task. \"Eight truck loads of debris were sent to the Burari waste treatment plant. But IL&FS;, the agency operating the plant, claimed these could not be recycled. They said the debris had a lot of silt and water and, thus, concrete blocks could not be segregated. The debris remain dumped at the flyover site,\" an official said.Councillor Farhad Suri blamed both PWD and the corporation for the delay in de-silting work. \"The work started two days ago. It will be difficult to complete it before the rains,\" said Suri.Residents of Jungpura also claimed that the area had become a dumping site for debris from several colonies, slowing down traffic on the connecting road from Mathura Road towards Nizamuddin station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13315783", "title": "Pakistan blocks Twitter access over 'blasphemous content'", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistani authorities today blocked access to Twitter on the ground that it was being used to publicise a contest for blasphemous caricatures of the Prophet Mohammed on Facebook.The move came hours after Interior Minister Rehman Malik's claim in a message posted on Twitter early this morning that no restrictions would be imposed on the popular micro-blogging site.The Information Technology Ministry said Twitter had been blocked for publicising \"blasphemous and inflammatory content\". Calls for participation in the contest for blasphemous caricatures were being made on Twitter, it said.The ministry said Twitter was blocked after it failed to respond to several requests from Pakistan for taking action against blasphemous content.The ministry claimed it had contacted Twitter several times but the site's administrators had failed to respond.Users from across Pakistan reported that they were unable to access the site on their computers and mobile phones since the afternoon.An estimated six million people use Twitter in Pakistan. Earlier, Malik himself tweeted that the government had no plans to impose restrictions on Twitter and Facebook.\"Dear all, I assure (you) that Twitter and (Facebook) will continue in our country and it will not be blocked. (Please) do not believe in rumours,\" he posted in a tweet.In another tweet, Malik dismissed a question from a New York Times reporter about reports that the government intended to restrict access to Twitter.\"Why (should) I even think of doing so?\" Malik asked. The Pakistan Telecommunication Authority blocked access to Twitter directly without notifying Internet Service Providers, said Wahaj-us-Siraj, convener for the Internet Services Providers Association of Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13310310", "title": "CBI quizzes BSP MLC for his alleged links with CMO Shukla", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation on Saturday again summoned BSP MLC Sanjeev Dwivedi alias Ramu Dwivedi and grilled him for his \"more-than-often\" meetings with former CMO Dr AK Shukla and his links with suspects said to be either involved or in the know of the murder of CMO, family welfare, Dr VK Arya.Initially, the BSP MLC was called at around 11.45 am and was grilled for more than 90 minutes and allowed to leave. Later, at around 3.45 pm, the BSP MLC again reached the CBI's Special Crime Branch (SCB) office at Cooperative Bhawan, where he was again grilled for over an hour.During the two sessions, Ramu was reportedly confronted with Dr Shukla and was asked as to what made him visit Dr Shukla so often and what was the reason for such \"bonhomie\" between him and the former CMO.Dr Arya was shot on October 27, 2010, a few hundred metres from his house while he was on a morning walk in Sector 14, Vikasnagar. Six months after his murder, his successor CMO, family welfare, Dr BP Singh was also killed in a similar fashion near his house in Gomtinagar on April 2, 2011.Special Task Force sleuths of UP police claimed to have cracked Dr BP Singh murder case on June 17 same year by arresting two shooters, Anand Prakash Tiwari and Vinod Sharma, and a civil contractor RK Verma. The STF claimed that Verma, a close friend of deputy CMO Dr YS Sachan, had arranged the shooters at the behest of Dr Sachan. However, not much light was thrown at that time on Dr Arya's murder barring the claim that Dr Sachan was also involved in that murder.Strangely, Dr Sachan, who was already in jail in NRHM fund embezzlement case at that time, was found dead at an unused toilet on the first floor of the jail hospital in mysterious circumstances. All this deaths were linked to NRHM scam, which is now assumed to be worth over Rs 5,700 crore.The High Court, while hearing a plea, then forwarded the investigations of NRHM scam, the two murders and Dr Sachan's death to CBI. The CBI, on May 6 this year, finally arrested former CMO Dr A K Shukla for allegedly hatching a conspiracy to eliminate Dr Arya. Dr Shukla is in four-day remand with the CBI. This is the second remand since his arrest by the CBI.On the third day of Dr Shukla's remand, the BSP MLC was brought before him and was asked why he used to visit Dr Shukla. Besides, CBI has enough information along with call detail records, which show that not only Dr Shukla, Ramu had been meeting some more suspects in Dr Arya murder case before and after the murder of the CMO, family welfare.Ramu at some point of time is believed to have accepted knowing the suspected persons and Dr Shukla, but refused to admit that he was in any way involved in the murder of any of the CMOs.Before the BSP MLC, the CBI had also called former health minister Anant Misra 'Antu' and had even brought him, the ex-CMO and the BSP MLC face to face in the earlier sitting. The CBI believes that both Antu and Ramu might not be involved in the murder directly, but must be knowing about the murder conspiracy and the shooters too.Amidst quizzing of the high-profile politicians of the BSP government, discussions are also on that CBI would soon move towards Ramu's mentor and friend BSP MP Dhananjay Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13310574", "title": "Ahead of NATO Summit, Chicago police foil terrorist plot", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Chicago Police have arrested three individuals on charges of allegedly plotting terrorist attacks during the NATO Summit in the city, which begins today.The three individuals were also planning to attack the headquarters of the Obama Campaign in Chicago, the home of the Chicago Mayor, Ram Emanuel and police stations, authorities said.The three men -- Brian Church (22) from Florida, Jared Chase (27) from New Hampshire and Brent Betterly (24) who told police that he is from Massachusetts, were produced before a court yesterday. An Illinois judge set bails for each of the three suspect of USD 1.5 million.The three were charged with material support for terrorism; conspiracy to commit terrorism; and possession of explosives or explosive or incendiary devices.According to prosecutors, the investigation began in early May, and revealed that the defendants are self-proclaimed anarchists, and members of the \"Black Bloc\" group, who travelled together from Florida to the Chicago area in preparation for committing terrorist acts of violence and destruction directed against different targets in protest to the NATO Summit.Specifically, according to prosecutors, plans were made to destroy police cars and attack four Chicago Police district stations with destructive devices, in an effort to undermine the police response to the conspirators' other planned actions for the NATO Summit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13308964", "title": "Only 32 autos switch to e-meters: RTO official", "text": "MUMBAI: The transport department's e-meter camp failed to pick up steam with only 32 autorickshaw drivers switching to e-meters on Saturday.According to an RTO official, \"Only 18 drivers opted for e-meters in the jurisdiction of Wadala RTO and 14 in the Andheri RTO. We hope to get a better response on Sunday.\"The transport department has organized a weekend camp on May 19 and 20 for autorickshaw drivers at the Andheri, Wadala, Thane and Navi Mumbai RTOs. The camp is aimed at helping the drivers interact with all the 11 manufacturers of e-meters so that they have a better choice.Transport commissioner VN More said, \"A total of 154 e-meters were installed at camps organized in Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad and Mumbai. We will wait for Sunday's outcome before deciding whether there has to be any change in the strategy to elicit more response in Mumbai.\"Another official said, \"Autorickshaw unions should have taken a proactive role in making this camp a success, considering the manufacturers are offering discounts.\"Thampy Kurien of Mumbai Rickshawmen's Union said, \"The camp may fail as an autorickshaw driver will only heed to the advice given by those from whom he has been buying meters ever since joining the profession. The word of manufacturers or unions will not convince them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13308167", "title": "Jackie Chan retires as action hero after 100th film", "text": "LONDON: Martial arts superstar Jackie Chan has announced his retirement as an action star, saying he is too old for stunts and the world it too full of violence.The 58-year-old actor, who has done 100 action films so far and will be seen in the new production \"Chinese Zodiac\", said increasing violence in the wider world had put him off from action, reported Daily Mail.\"This is my last action film. I am not young any more. I am really, really tired. The world is too violent right now. It's a dilemma - I love fighting. I like action. but I don't like violence,\" he said.The screen legend said he wanted to take on more serious roles and emulate the success of Robert De Niro .\"I don't just want to be an action star, I want to be a true actor. I want to get rid of my image. I want the audience to know also I'm not only a comedian. I can act. Day by day, year by year, I'm going to show you the real Jackie Chan,\" he added.Chan began his career as a stuntman working with Bruce Lee in the films \"Fist of Fury\" and \"Enter the Dragon\" in the early 1970s but big break was in 1978 film \"Snake in the Eagle's Shadow\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "13310138", "title": "'Law to protect journalists need of the hour'", "text": "AKOLA: State home minister RR Patil has asserted that there is nothing wrong in providing protection to journalists. He also stressed that a legal enactment to protect journalists from attacks is the need of the hour.Delivering a keynote address at the divisional conference of Maharashtra Bahujan Patrakar Sangh here on Friday, he said that such a decision should be made after considering various factors.Vasant Purke, the deputy speaker of legislative assembly, presided over the conference. He said that rural journalists were the supporting pillar of democracy.Purushottam Aaware, state level president of MBPS, made introductory speech. Vishal Raje proposed a vote of thanks.While addressing the party workers of NCP, Patil said that labourers and other poor persons should be respected. \"NCP is the only party which provides opportunities to the common masses and was instrumental in providing 50% reservation for women in civic bodies,\" he stated.Dr Santosh Korpe, district unit president of NCP, delivered an introductory speech.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13309921", "title": "Snoops prying on kids, spouse", "text": "KOCHI: Malayalis have started shelling out considerable amounts to spy on the members of their families. And private detective agencies in the state are cashing in on this new trend -- parents prying on their children; spouses spying on each other suspecting fidelity, etc.A lot of parents have signed contracts with private detective agencies to keep track of the activities of their wards: they are keen on knowing what their children do and who their friends are.\"Parents are ready to spend money to monitor the activities of their children and take corrective measures if required. We get nearly 100 parents as clients a year. They engage us to keep an eye on their wards,\" said Santhosh Varma, managing director, Satyam Detective Agency Private Ltd.It was parents who work abroad who first sought the services of detective agencies to monitor the activities of their children studying in colleges in the state. But now even parents in Kerala, whose children are studying in professional colleges in Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh , have started employing these agencies for this purpose.\"We charge around Rs 2 lakh for monitoring a student studying for a four-year course. We fix the charge taking into account where s/he is studying. A monthly report is sent to the parents giving details of their children's activities and information on their friends,\" Varma said.Private eyes are also employed by the suspicious spouse. \"People monitor the activities of their spouses either suspecting their fidelity or to know where s/he spends money. Initially, it's the family members of a couple who usually approach these agencies to monitor the activities of either the wife or the husband. There are also instances where wives keep track of their husbands,\" sources in the industry said.\"We have been getting enquires from people on engaging private eyes to monitor their spouses. But not all agencies take up such assignments,\" said James John, managing director, Faith Investigation Services Pvt Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13308749", "title": "Two plan to sell tiger parts in Vile Parle, held", "text": "MUMBAI: The Vile Parle police on Friday arrested two persons for possessing tiger skin and claws.The police learnt that the accused-Pramod Sunil Kuchekar (22) and Manoj Mahadev Geete(26)-had plans to sell the tiger skin and claws at a spot near the Vile Parle railway station. They laid a trap and caught them.The duo was booked under the Indian Wildlife (Protection) Act for transportation and dealing in articles derived from scheduled animals. The two were produced before the Bandra metropolitan magistrate's court on Saturday and remanded in police custody till Tuesday. Cops suspect that the accused had procured the tiger skin from poachers outside the city to sell it in Mumbai.The police are probing if a network involved in procurement of tiger skins is active in the city. They are also verifying is the accused two have criminal records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13310447", "title": "Madhya Pradesh mulls plans to woo foreign tourists", "text": "BHOPAL: In a bid to increase the foreign tourists' influx to the state, Madhya Pradesh Tourism Corporation (MPTC) has plans to organize a road show in London in August.\"We have blueprinted a strategy to attract more foreign tourists to the state. Already, we are issuing advertisements to foreign print media to attract the foreign crowd towards the state,\" MPTC chairman Mohan Yadav told reporters here on Friday. Advertisements have even been issued in German and Italian magazines to pull foreigner tourists to Madhya Pradesh, being projected as the heart of incredible India.Since long, famous Khajuraho and Orchha temples in Chhattarpur and Tikamgarh district have featured in the list of tourists' favourite destinations in the state. Bandhavgarh Tiger reserve in Umaria district, Gwalior region and Sanchi stupa at neighbouring Raisen district of the state also remain an integral part of their itinerary.\"We have sound and light facility at Khajuraho and Orchha right now and similar arrangements are also being made at other places,\" he said.\"Amusement park is to be set up in Khajuraho and at Orchha too to make the places more interesting for foreign tourists,\" Yadav said.Likewise, a golf course is going to be built at Sanchi, MPTC chairman said. While, 2.50 lakh foreigners visited MP in 2010, the number went up to 2.69 lakh last year, he informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13309334", "title": "Former top cop passes away, juniors remember an 'outstanding officer'", "text": "KOLKATA: Former West Bengal Police chief Ranjit Kumar Gupta passed away at his home in Kolkata on Saturday. He was 92 and is survived by two sons and a daughter.Among those who paid their last respects to Gupta were Governor M K Narayanan and several former senior cops like Amiya Samanta, who served under him. His last rites will be conducted with full honours on Monday, sources said.Gupta was the last but one IP officer to be alive, the last one being Shankar Narayanan. He was probably one of the most controversial personalities that the Kolkata or West Bengal Police have had. Known for his hard stance against the Naxalites in the early 70s, he was hated not only by supporters of the Ultra Left philosophy and human rights activists, but also a section of politicians whose line he refused to toe. His juniors held him in high regard though, particularly for his integrity and strong character. Endowed with impeccable manners, he was an eminent scholar and anthropologist.Gupta, according to relatives and friends, led a full life and wouldn't bother about what people had to say about him. He was diagnosed with colon cancer in 1992 and got a heart pacemaker in 1996. This did not slow him down though and in 2003, he brought out his book 'The Crimson Agenda: Maoist Protest and Terror' that attracted a lot of controversy.\"He was head and shoulders above many others. He had his share of human lapses, but was an outstanding officer. He was cerebral in his approach. He would think and plan before any action. The most important thing was his foresight. In today's context, he should be remembered as a man of integrity and sparkling character. He had an independent sort of mind and for this he was not always liked by politicians,\" says Samanta, who worked in the Intelligence Bureau under Gupta.The former police chief started his career when Dr B C Roy was chief minister and was the DIG (Border Police) when conflict broke out with Pakistan in 1965. In 1970, he became commissioner of Kolkata Police. This was the time when the Naxalite movement was at its peak and President's Rule was declared. Gupta worked directly under Govind Narain, who was the home secretary. The state was then under the charge of Siddhartha Shankar Ray.\"One of his major achievements was the conduct of elections in 1971. In April that year, he had some trouble with the political establishment and proceeded on leave. In September, 1972, he returned as Special IG of West Bengal (the post of DG now) and continued till July, 1976. He retired prematurely after that,\" family sources said.\"The greatest thing about him was that he would protect those working under him once he was convinced that they had done nothing illegal. I personally got his support on one occasion. He was extremely affectionate and maintained certain values. I remember a trip to Darjeeling with him when Prime Minister Indira Gandhi was on vacation there. We stayed there for about seven days and when we were preparing to leave, he told us: \"It is a custom that the senior-most officer pays. Don't try to break this custom.\" His death is a tremendous loss,\" Samanta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13310126", "title": "Smugglers find new route to sneak drugs into Myanmar", "text": "GUWAHATI: The customs (preventive) sleuths succeeded in seizing a huge cache of pseudoephedrine tablets from the LGBI Airport in Guwahati on Friday. The contraband items were being taken to Myanmar via Imphal in Manipur. The consignment seized contained 14,74,000 pseudoephedrine tablets.Tracking the route, the department started its investigation in the bordering areas of Moreh in Manipur. The illegal pharmaceutical substance business has found a new market in the Myanmarese border of Manipur, said a customs official.According to intelligence sources, the drug peddlers of the region have been constantly using two routes- the Imphal-Dimapur-Numaligarh road in Golaghat district, which connects the city via Tezpur and the Imphal-Jiribam-Silchar-Guwahati route.\"Most of the contraband items are going through these routes. The drug peddlers have a local linkman in all these areas, who helps them take the consignment to the next destination. There are several heroine manufacturing units along the Indo-Myanmarese border in Manipur that have been sourcing opium to Myanmar and other places in the country,\" said a custom official.It is reported that while ganja is supplied from Manipur to Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, narcotics like drugs and phensedyl reached the northeastern states from outside.\"There is a huge demand for such tablets across the border. The pharmaceutical units in places like Delhi produce these tablets illegally and send them to agents in Myanmar via the northeast. In the bordering areas, there are people who crush these tablets, dispose the empty strips and take the powder to Myanmar. The agents in Myanmar use them to produce party drugs like amphetamine type stimulant,\" said a source in Manipur.Last year too in Manipur, the Assam Rifles apprehended two drug peddlers, including a Myanmarese national, in connection with the seizure of 300 kilograms of pseudoephedrine tablets worth over Rs 5 crores from the border town of Moreh in Chandel district.A few days back, a police team detected 21 cartons, each containing 7,000 strips of N-10 tablets, which are used for manufacturing heroin. \"There are agents who are a part of the racket and make fake certificates such as MV license, smart card, registration certificate of vehicles, domicile certificate for the carriers of such substances,\" added the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "13309955", "title": "Non-bailable warrant issued against Nirmal Baba", "text": "ARARIA: A Bihar court has issued a non-bailable warrant of arrest against 'spiritual guru' Nirmal Baba.The court of Araria chief judicial magistrate Satyendra Razak issued the warrant on Saturday in connection with an FIR lodged by one Rakesh Kumar Singh on April 21. The FIR alleges Nirmal Baba made a false promise of fame and fortune to him and, in return, forced him to pay Rs 1,000 in three instalments between January and March 2011.The Baba allegedly also asked Singh to send him the counterfoils of the deposit forms through which he deposited Rs 300 twice and Rs 400 once in the Baba's account with Punjab National Bank . While he couriered the counterfoils to the Baba's Delhi address, he has preserved the courier receipt, the FIR said.According to Araria SP Shivdeep Lande, police investigated the case and found the accusation prima facie true following which he directed the investigating officer to move the court and seek the warrant of arrest. He has constituted a police team led by DSP Vikas Kumar which will now need the DIG's nod to leave the headquarters and arrest the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13310743", "title": "Kem chho? Genki desu!", "text": "Living one hectic day after another in the city, you tend to look down at the ground. You forget to even look at the night sky.-Haruki MurakamiWhen the lyrical Japanese author wrote this, he was hardly referring to the Gujarati Jain community of Kobe. But, in fact, his words describe the immigrants' lives-especially in the early years when they first landed on the pearly shores of Japan with just a little cash and a suitcase full of ambition. For the next few years, their lives revolved around the secret world of oysters. It was work, work, work, where they couldn't go back home even for the birth of a child or the death of a parent, leave alone gazing at a Pacific night sky.\"Life was so difficult for them. My mother learned Japanese just by watching endless local television,\" says Hena Jhaveri, a second-generation Indian-Japanese , who grew up in Kitanocho, a quiet suburb of Kobe, and now lives in Mumbai after marrying a businessman from Malabar Hill.Like her, many secondgeneration Indian-Japanese women have moved back to Mumbai and set up base in a homeland they knew largely through photographs and stories. But they continue to straddle two very different worlds. So, three years ago, 14-odd women with similar antecedents decided that they would form the Sakura Club, named after the cherry blossoms that were such a beloved part of their childhood. They meet every month to bond over Japan, \"where things were so safe that we never learned to lock a door or a cupboard\", says Ketty Jhaveri, a Japanese-Indian who used to teach origami to children in Mumbai.\"We may be Indian, but India came as a huge culture shock to us,\" says Neeta Jhaveri , in whose Manav Mandir road flat the Sakura Club recently met. \"For one thing, punctuality is something we would take for granted. In Japan, people always show up five minutes before time. Here, it is one hour later. So now, when we make a plan to meet, we always ask, 'Indian time or Japanese time?' \" Her understanding of the very particular social mores of Japan eminently qualified her to be the Taj group of hotels' point person to interact with its Japanese clients. \"For example, when you exchange business cards, you never look the person in the eye. Or, when you hand over a cup of tea, it must be with both hands, or it is considered rude,\" she explains.The women may have grown up on thepla and kadhi like any immigrant Gujarati community, but the quiet gentility of their adopted country became an inherent part of their lives. \"Even the way we treated our helpers was so different,\" says Hena. \"In Japan, if we locked our cupboards while we were out, the help there would be most insulted. I still have to remind myself that things are different here.\"The Sakura Club comprises women ranging from 30 to 50 years, from Borivli to Cuffe Parade. Today, they consider themselves \"proper Indians\" and have picked up the requisite skills such as bargaining with shopkeepers and an immunity to noise, but they continue to share a strong bond over the life they led as part of the 300-strong Gujarati community in Kobe. Most of them go back at least once a year and their children adore rice cakes and other Japanese snacks. And they still sometimes speak to one another in Japanese-\" especially when we don't want our husbands to understand what we are saying\", says Neeta, laughing.Over the years, the Indian diaspora has marked its presence in the most far-reaching places-Sindhis in Gibraltar, Sikhs and Parsis in Toronto, Gujaratis in Nairobi and every known desi community in England and the US-but lesser known among the immigrants are the Gujarati Jains who made their way to Japan in the '60s, seeking a fortune in those gleaming white globuses which, when strung together, have been known to transform even swine into ladies. In a matter of time, relying on that amazing combination of hard work and cutting-edge business acumen, they became the biggest pearl traders in the Asia-Pacific .\"My heart is still in Japan,\" says Nemchand Javeri, Hena's father, now 84, who was one of the first in the community to go there, readopting an old family trade which got broken by a brief foray into the share business after a long slump when Arabia and London dominated the business. He has since moved back to Mumbai, after his health didn't permit him to pore over the pearls for hours on end.Besides food and language, the biggest hurdle faced by the Jhaveri community, originally from Surat and Patan, was the dharam sankat or religious dilemma: their business demanded that they kill living beings, even if they were mere oysters. Of course, practical considerations prevailed and the rest was history. \"I had the best time of my life there,\" says Javeri. \"That's where I made my life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13316031", "title": "It is cricket that will sustain the IPL going forward: Michael Clarke", "text": "NEW DELHI: Australian captain Michael Clarke , who played for Pune Warriors in the ongoing edition of the Indian Premier League, believes the cash-rich tournament will sustain despite being marred by endless controversies.The fifth edition of the league lost a bit of sheen with a television channel alleging that fixing of matches was rampant in the IPL.If that was not enough Kolkata Knight Riders co-owner Shah Rukh Khan triggered a debate after being involved in a brawl with the Mumbai Cricket Association officials at the Wankhede stadium.The dark spot got even bigger when Royal Challengers Bangalore's Australian recruit Luke Pomersbach was charged of molesting an American national at the team hotel here.However, Clarke termed these incidents as \"unnecessary distractions\" and said \"it is cricket that will sustain the IPL going forward.\"\"While what is happening isn't very good for the tournament, I don't think these things will have any lasting impact on the well-being of the tournament. As long as the standard of cricket played is of the highest standard, we will see the tournament gaining in strength in the years to come,\" Clarke told 'espnstar.com'.The 31-year-old, who recently got married to girlfriend and model Kyly Boldy, said the Twenty20 league will survive the onslaught because of the quality it provides.\"I am very clear that the IPL is what it is because of the cricket played for a month and a half. Fans just love to watch their cricket in India and with the very best in the world playing the IPL, they have come out in huge numbers to support the tournament.\"It is important that all of us realise this and get cricket back in focus as early as possible,\" he insisted.Clarke was also appreciative of the fact that IPL has strengthened the bond between the cricketers.\"The best thing about the IPL is that it has helped improve relations between players a lot. It has done a great service to the game in this sense,\" the cricketer said.\"Indian and Australian players now play with each other at the IPL and know each other really well. Even if there is a controversy when India and Australia are playing each other, the immediate thought is the adversary on the field isn't a bad bloke for I have played with him in the IPL.\"A Monkey-gate will never again happen in India-Australia cricket. I can guarantee you that and the IPL deserves a large part of the credit,\" he added.Asked why he stayed away from the tournament then, the top-order batter replied that there were a number of reasons to maintain distance from the tournament. But he insisted he will remain a part of the league in the near future.\"I stayed away from the IPL for a number of reasons. First, I thought I needed to stay away to improve my Test and one-day batting. The six weeks of the IPL was a window I wanted to use at the nets to improve as a Test and one-day batsman. In fact, I also retired from T-20 international cricket to concentrate on Test and one-day cricket.\"Second, my former fiances' dad was diagnosed of cancer during the IPL in 2010 and I needed to be with her at the time. But now I feel I have sufficiently improved my game and in fact, need to improve my T-20 game. The IPL is the best platform to do so. So here I am.\"Talking about next year, yes, I am much looking forward to playing the IPL again. It is a fantastic tournament and it will help me improve my T-20 game a lot,\" he said.Clarke, who scored a total of 98 runs in the six outings for the Warriors this season, said he would like to make amends in the next season.\"I am not sure if I'd play the Big Bash because we have a packed summer in Australia end of the year but I should definitely be back next year to play the IPL.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-20"}
