{"city": "kochi", "code": "11492753", "title": "Kochi to host psychiatry conclaves", "text": "KOCHI: The city will host two conferences on psychiatry this week, discussing the latest treatment modalities and research studies in this field. Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences will conduct the Indian Global Psychiatric Initiative 2012 on Tuesday and Wednesday. Union minister K C Venugopal will inaugurate the conference on Tuesday at 12 noon at the hospital.Organized in association with the Indo-Australian Psychiatry Association and Indo-New Zealand Psychiatry Association, the conference will be attended by experts from US, UK, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, France, Italy, China, Germany, Sri Lanka, Canada and Russia. Around 500 delegates from India and abroad will present papers and discuss the importance of research and new developments in psychiatric treatment.Professor Pedro Ruiz, president of the World Psychiatric Association, professor Macheri Kesavan, research scholar from Harvard University, professor John Oldham, USA, professor Russel D'Souza from Australia, and professor Dinesh Arya will attend the conference. Dr Abraham Varghese, president of the Indian Medical Association, Kochi, Dr Prem Nair, medical director, AIMS, Dr K Kesavan Kuty, head of the department of Psychiatry and Dr N Dinesh will also be present.Meanwhile, the 64th annual conference of the Indian Psychiatric Society will begin at Hotel Le Meridian on January 19. More than 3000 psychiatrists from various parts of India are expected to participate. Delegates from abroad are also expected to attend the deliberations.Vayalar Ravi, minister for Overseas Indian Affairs, will inaugurate the conference on Thursday 6 pm. Union minister professor K V Thomas will release the souvenir and state minister K Babu will release the membership directory. The function will be presided over by the Indian Psychiatric Society national president professor M Thirunavakkarasu. Dr Roy Abraham Kallivayalil will be instated as the new president of the Psychiatric Society. Dr Dinesh Bhugra, president- elect of the world Psychiatric Association will address the function. The conference, organized by the Indian Psychiatric Society Kerala branch and Cochin Psychiatric Society, will conclude on Sunday.The city will host two conferences on psychiatry this week, discussing the latest treatment modalities and research studies in this field.Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences will conduct Indian Global Psychiatric Initiative 2012 on Tuesday and Wednesday. Union Minister K C Venugopal will inaugurate this international conference of psychiatrists on Tuesday at 12 noon at the hospital. Organized in association with the Indo-Australian Psychiatry Association and Indo-New Zealand Psychiatry Association, this conference will be attended by experts from the US, UK, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, France, Italy, China, Germany, Sri Lanka, Canada and Russia. Around 500 delegates from India and abroad will present papers and discuss the importance of research and new developments in psychiatric treatment.Prof Pedro Ruiz, president of the World Psychiatric Association, Prof Macheri Kesavan, research scholar from Harvard University, Prof John Oldham, USA, Prof Russel D'Souza from Australia, and Prof Dinesh Arya will attend the conference. Dr Abraham Varghese, president of the Indian Medical Association, Kochi, Dr Prem Nair, medical director, AIMS, Dr K Kesavan Kuty, head of the department of Psychiatry, and Dr N Dinesh will also be present.The 64th annual conference of the Indian Psychiatric Society will begin at Hotel Le Meridian on January 19. More than 3000 psychiatrists from various parts of India are expected to participate in the conference. Delegates from abroad including the U.K. and the U.S. are expected to attend the delibrations.Vayalar Ravi, Union Minister for Overseas Indian Affairs, will inaugurate the conference on Thursday 6 pm. Union Minister Prof. K.V. Thomas will release the souvenir and State Minister K. Babu will release the membership directory. The function will be presided over by Indian Psychiatric Society national president Prof M. Thirunavakkarasu. Dr. Roy Abraham Kallivayalil will be installed as the new president of the Psychiatric Society. Dr. Dinesh Bhugra, president- elect of the world Psychiatric Association willaddress the function.The conference, organized by the Indian Psychiatric Society Kerala branch and Cochin Psychiatric Society, will conclude on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11497658", "title": "Churu coldest in Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: Cold wave kept the desert state of Rajasthan in its grip with Churu recording the lowest temperature of 1.5 degree Celsius today.Dabok was also cold at 3.2 degree Celsius, according to the Met department here.Vanasthali, Sawaimadhopur, Pilani and Bundi recorded a minimum of 3.4, 4.8, 5.5 and 5.8 degree Celsius respectively while other parts of the state recorded night temperatures in the range of 6.4 degree Celsius to 10.5 degree Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11498937", "title": "Shabana Azmi is all praises", "text": "With the entire city including the celeb brigade joining in for the Mumbai Marathon, it doesn't come as a surprise that Shabana Azmi too would be excited about it.Says the actor, \"Aditi Chitrangada Perizad Prateik Ranbir Ronit Rohit Shazanne Tanvi n I participated in Mum Marathon 2day for MIJWAN. 3 Cheers Namrata Goyal.\" The senior actor cannot stop gushing about the youngsters who have made it possible. She continues on a microblogging site, \"What good cheer and team spirit at the Marathon.MIJWAN had 10 stars running who connected with all those who came to cheer.Mumbai Meri Jaan.The young r incredible. All the work 2 make MIJWAN's participation a success was handled by my 22 yr old godchild Namrata Goyal and her team\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "11495145", "title": "Met dept predicts heavy snow in the higher reaches in Himachal", "text": "SHIMLA: There is no respite from the intense cold conditions in Himachal as the meteorological department has predicted heavy to very heavy snowfall at isolated places during the next 48 hours over the higher reaches.More snowfall is going to spell more trouble for the state as life is yet to return to normal after the recently received snowfall. The Queen of Hills too is likely to receive more rain and snow in the next two days.Moderate to heavy snowfall in the snowbound areas of Himachal has badly affected transportation, communication system, besides power supply. Though road and power connectivity has been restored in the accessible areas but in remote areas, transportation and power supply is yet to be restored. With more snowfall announcement predicted, normal life is once again going to be hit badly in the state.The meteorological centre in Shimla has issued a warning of heavy rain, snow and hail storms in the state as the western disturbance, with its centre in north Pakistan and east Afghanistan is going to affect the state from Saturday evening onward.The director of the Shimla meteorological centre Manmohan Singh , said that due to western disturbances, there will be snowfall in most places in the higher reaches of the state and many places of the mid hills during the next 48 hours.\"The main affect of the western disturbance will be on January 15 onwards and precipitation will decrease from the night of January 16 onwards,\" he said.Recent snowfall has badly hit districts of Chamba, Shimla, Kullu and Mandi besides tribal areas of Lahaul-Spiti and Kinnaur. The upper areas of Shimla district are still deprived of proper road connectivity leading to scarcity of essential commodities, while many villages are without electricity supply.Leave aside the roads in the remote rural areas, many roads in Shimla too are covered under snow resulting in traffic getting hit and forcing people to walk up to their offices and business establishments. This year, Shimla has received the heaviest snowfall in the last six years.State chief secretary at a meeting held a couple of days ago instructed the district administration to make all required arrangement to deal with heavy snow forecast on January 15 and 17.Keylong, Kalpa and Manali towns in the state are continuing to record minimum temperature several degrees below zero. Keylong town in Lahaul-Spiti district recorded a minimum temperature of minus 12.7 degrees celsius on Friday night while the maximum temperature was minus 2.1 degrees Celsius on Saturday morning.Kalpa town of Kinnaur district recorded a minimum temperature of minus 6 degrees celsius while the maximum temperature was 2.9 degrees celsius. Manali recorded a minimum temperature of minus 4.2 degrees celsius and a maximum temperature of 5.4 degrees celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11502089", "title": "Telugus bring Pongal flavour to Odisha", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The sizeable Telugu population in the Odisha-Andhra Pradesh border town of Berhampur commenced their own brand of Sankranti celebrations from Saturday with spectacular rangolis, crackling bonfires and colourful cultural shows.The first day of the festival was celebrated as 'Bhogi', while the second day was celebrated as Pongal on Sunday, known as Makar Sankranti in most other parts of the state and the country.At several places, Odia people joined their Telugu counterparts in the celebrations. \"It is the biggest annual festival of the Telugu people and they celebrate it across the country,\" said S Ram Kumar, president of Andhra Bhashabhivardhani Samajam (ABS).Telugu dominated villages in and around Goplapur, Chhatrapur and Chikiti in Ganjam district also celebrated the harvest festival as Pongal on Sunday.Girls from the community in Berhampur decorated their houses with colourful rangolis and staged cultural shows in the evening at the Sankranti Sambaraalu (Pongal celebration) event organized by the ABS. \"We celebrated this festival in an organized way for the first time here,\" said P Satyanarayana, convener of the festival.People donned new attire and greeted each other on the occasion. The delicious 'Pongali', prepared with newly harvested rice, dal, jaggery, dry fruits, sugar and milk, capped Pongal on a sweet note.Monday is to be celebrated as 'Kanuma', the last day of the festivities, especially marked by washing cattle and cleaning cattle sheds. \"Since very few Telugu people have cattle, Kanuma is rather low key here,\" said A Srinibash Rao, a youth from the community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11495150", "title": "Spate of in cityburglaries in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Cash and gold ornaments worth Rs 1.25 lakh were stolen by unidentified persons in three separate incidents of house-breaking reported from different parts of the city on Friday.Kailas Khairnar, residing at Jai Jalaram Society, Dwarka, has filed a complaint with the Bhadrakali police station that unidentified persons broke open his house around 2am and decamped with gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 57,000.Another case of burglary was reported from Kamatwade, where unidentified burglars broke into the house of Kiran Adhav, staying at Aniruddha Plaza at Kamatwade, between 1pm and 9.45 pm on January 12. The burglars stole gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 45,810.In yet another case, Maya Shewale, from Janpath Society, Canal Road, has filed a case of house-breaking with Upanagar police station.The incident took place between 12.30pm and 1.45pm on January 13. Unidentified persons stole gold chain worth Rs 20,000, it was reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11501181", "title": "Sex racket busted in Pune", "text": "The social security cell of the Pune crime branch have rescued two women, who were allegedly forced into prostitution by a 30-year-old person. The police have arrested the person, who has been identified as Santosh Dhanraj Lalwani of Wanowrie.The social security cell team led by senior police inspector Bhanupratap Barge laid a trap at Koregaon Park and made the arrests.Speaking to TOI, Barge said that Ashok Takalkar, the police constable who is a part of the social security cell, had received a tip-off that the suspect Lalwani was involved in sex racket in the city and used to force the women into prostitution in the plush areas like Kalyaninagar and Koregaon Park.\"We first contacted the suspect with the help of one fake customer. Lalwani asked the customer to come on North Main road in Koregaon Park,\" Barge said.Barge said that the trap was laid on the North Main road in Koregaon Park. \"We found two women and Lalwani were waiting in a car. We detained them and took them to the social security cell,\" Barge said.\"We have arrested Lalwani under sections of Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act with the Chatushrungi Police station,\" Barge said.The investigating team comprised assistant police inspector Vimal Bidve, police sub-inspector Ashwini Jagtap, police constables Ajit Dhumal. Sohanlal Chutele and Bapu Jambhale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "11499463", "title": "Heavy snowfall cuts off Kashmir from country, avalanche warning issued", "text": "SRINAGAR: Kashmir Valley was cut off from the rest of the country on Sunday as fresh snowfall forced cancellation of all scheduled flights and blocked the vital Srinagar-Jammu national highway, officials said.The snowfall started across the Valley including Srinagar on late Saturday night, also crippling normal life as most of the people preferred to remain indoors although the minimum temperature rose by several degrees providing much needed respite to people from extreme cold.An official spokesman said moderate to heavy snowfall was recorded in the Valley, prompting the authorities to issue an avalanche warning in the higher reaches close to the Line of Control (LoC).\"On the basis of information received from Snow and Avalanche Study Establishment (SASE), a medium danger avalanche warning has been issued for higher reaches of north Kashmir,\" Coordinator Natural Disaster Management Cell Aamir Ali said.The official said the areas prone to avalanches include Khilanmarg, Uri, Chowkibal, Tangdar, Keran, Macchil and Gurez.\"People living in these snow bound areas above the height of 7500 feet have been advised not to venture into avalanche prone areas during the next 24 hours,\" Ali said.Srinagar recorded about six inches of snow, while the famous ski resort of Gulmarg in north Kashmir was covered by about 18 inches of snow so far, the spokesman said.Snowfall ranging between eight inches to over one feet was also recorded in other parts of the Valley including Pahalgam, Yousmarg and Sonamarg, he said.Continued snowfall also hampered efforts of the Border Roads Organisation to clear the 300-km Srinagar-Jammu National Highway, the only road linking Kashmir with the rest of the country.Due to its closure, over 2200 vehicles are stranded at various places on the route, mostly Udhampur and Nagrota belts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "gancim (batim)", "code": "11493480", "title": "Locals decry 45-farmhouses project in Gancim", "text": "GANCIM (BATIM): The persistent sound of hydraulic excavators for a few days on the Kadamba plateau woke up the villagers to development activity at the site of a 45 farmhouses project in the secluded ward of Gancim.A tarred road from Neura on the southern side of the plateau or a mud road from Old Goa provides a roundabout access to the project site. Two of the 45 farmhouses are already under construction.Batim sarpanch Francisco D'Souza said, \"We don't have any right to reject the proposals as the town and country planning (TCP) department has cleared it technically and only forwarded the file to the panchayat,\" he said.As per the Goa Land Development Building Construction Regulations 2010, a ground plus one (7.6m) farmhouse with a coverage of 5% can be raised in a plot of minimum 4,000sq m of orchard or agricultural land.But villagers have questioned the TCP move to mark the project area under S-4 (settlement) in RP 2021. \"This means the vast forest, orchard and cashew plantation areas (1.80 lakh sq m for 45 farmhouses) would be used for housing, depriving cashew farmers of land,\" Cruzinho Pereira, a Batim panch, alleged.The villagers are planning to hold a meeting soon to discuss the issue. TCP sources said that they will look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11494754", "title": "Fishermen join sticker initiative to save turtles", "text": "CHENNAI: Every trawler docked in Kasimedu harbour wore a new sticker on Saturday. A closer look at the sticker showed a photograph of two men releasing an Olive Ridley turtle trapped in their fishing net into the sea along with a four-point guideline in Tamil on how to release trapped turtles into the sea.The initiative was organizedby theforest andfisheries departments in association with Trawl Mechanized Boat Fishermen Welfare Association, Indian Coast Guard and the TREE Foundation. This was taken with a view to ensure protection to the endangered Olive Ridley turtles, who often fall prey to fishing nets and propellers.More than 2,000 fishing boats sported the 'Release of Turtle Stickers'. \"The idea is to create awareness among fishermen on how to save the turtles if they get trapped in their fishing nets. If they release them too fast, the net may causedamagetotheflippers of the turtle. It must be done with care and patience. The turtle should be allowed totake restbefore releasing it into the sea,\" said Supraja Dharini of Tree Foundation.As the nesting period of the Olive Ridley turtles falls between January and April, theinitiativewouldhelp save the turtle population in a large way, Dharini said.\"As per our recent survey, wehavefound atleast100carcasses of turtles washed ashore in the Coramandal coast, many of them with their flippers cut after getting struck inside the propellers. The phone numbers displayed on the stickers will help fishermen reachusif they find any wounded turtles in the sea. We will rush to the spot and take care of the turtle,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "11493475", "title": "Sacrifices made by Marathas will always inspire us: President Pratibha Patil", "text": "PANIPAT: President Pratibha Patil today said that supreme sacrifices made by Marathas in Panipat would always inspire us to safeguard our borders.Lauding the fight put up by Marathas in the third battle of Panipat, Patil said that the Marathas, inspired by the patriotism of Chatrpati Shivaji, had made supreme sacrifices which would always inspire people to protect the boundaries of our motherland.\"Victory or defeat was not a big thing but the bravery shown by Marathas was also praised by Ahmed Shah Abdali,\" she said addressing a gathering during 'Shaurya Diwas' function organised to commemorate the 251st anniversary of the third battle of Panipat at Kala Amb in the district.The function was organised by Maratha Jagriti Manch. The President urged the youth to acquire knowledge and excel in skill development and take the country on the path of progress.Stressing the importance of role of youth in nation building, Patil said India is a young country and we should use our youth power in making it a developed nation.Patil described India as a nation of different religions, cultures, castes and languages. She said every Indian symbolises the diversity of the nation and mutual love and harmony are our traditions.On the occasion, Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda also paid tributes to the martyrs and said brave Marathas have a glorious history.Panipat had witnessed three historical battles and Kala Amb is a historical place where the third battle of Panipat was fought between Marathas and Ahmed Shah Abdali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11494740", "title": "Civic body too busy to act in child labour cases", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Despite directives issued by the district task force against child labour in October last year, instructing deputy municipal commissioners, tax officers and assistant managers of the Ahmedabad Municipal Coproration (AMC) to book cases against erring establishments, precious little has been done.Following the October meeting of the task force, AMC had issued a circular to all assistant managers and tax officers on November 11 across its zones to book child labour cases especially when they visit premises for tax recovery or inspections. The circular empowers the officers to cancel licenses of these commercial establishments and even sent the children to rehabilitation centre in Khanpur area.\"We have been booking cases. We will be starting a drive soon. Such operations require police personnel. Since a lot of the staff was engaged in demolitions, sealing drives and tax recovery, we could not concentrate on child labour issue,\" claims a senior AMC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "11500003", "title": "Government not doing enough to save Ganga: Shankaracharya", "text": "THANE: Shankaracharya Swarupanand Saraswati on Sunday lashed out at the UPA government for \"failing\" to protect the Ganga from pollution and said it was giving undue importance to the Anna Hazare-led anti-corruption campaign.\"Undue importance was being given to the agitation by Anna Hazare , while the most important issue of conservation of the Ganga has been pending for years,\" he said here.\"This one man held the entire country to ransom and even the government fell for him,\" the seer said, apparently referring to the 74-year-old social activist.\"People in media have glorified him. You (media) have great powers in your hands and can do a bit for the sake of the Ganga,\" the Shankaracharya of Jyotish and Dwarka Sharda Peeth said.The pontiff said he had written a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , requesting him to take up the issue of 'Save Ganga' seriously.The seer said he would adopt all possible methods of non-violence to achieve his goal of protecting the holy river and tour the entire country for the sake of his cause.It was unfortunate that the Ganga, which flows through five states, has become totally polluted. More than 35 crore people reside on the banks of the river. Even the areas near the Ganga are totally polluted as water percolates and enters resources like wells and ponds, he said.The government of Uttarakhand, from where the Ganga originates, has also failed to save the river. Ganga should be declared as the national river so that it can be preserved and protected properly, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11493247", "title": "College develops new way to treat 2 vet diseases", "text": "NAGPUR: The Bombay Veterinary College (BVC), one of the affiliated colleges of city-based Maharashtra Animal and Fishery Sciences University (Mafsu), has obtained promising results in two major ongoing projects.The college has developed a novel drug delivery system, based on nano technology, to treat tuberculosis, one of the most common diseases in animals, and another to treat a protozoan disease, Theilariasis. Till now, animals have never been treated for TB due to the amount of cost and time involved. However, now looking at the positive results, the college has applied for a patent.Theilariasis is similar to malaria in humans which tend to bring down the haemoglobin levels of the animal to as low as 3-4 ml/100ml and can even cause its death. While clinical trials are in advanced stage in monkeys, the university is seeking permission of Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) to conduct trials on all domesticated and wild animals like cows, deer, nilgai and some zoo animals. It is the only nano technology-based system in the country which has reached the clinical trial stage.Speaking to TOI about the research, Mafsu vice chancellor Dr C S Prasad said that the BVC scientists' team has developed the drug delivery system under the leadership of Dr Abdul Samad, former head of nuclear medicine unit of BVC's medicine department and present dean and director of instructions of Mafsu. \"Though we have tried the two existing drugs to treat the disease in just two monkeys as yet, it is for first time that TB is being treated in animals,\" he said. There is also a difference in the delivering the drugs to the targeted organ. Like any other drug, even these drugs go through the blood and affect other organs as well. The treatment period is also very long. But the new system carries the medicine in extremely minute quantity directly to the infected organ and kills the bacteria specifically, within a very little time span, after reaching the cells in the disease tissue.Dr Samad, the principal investigator of the project said that the BVC research was a part of a bigger project being jointly conducted by the Institute of Chemical Technology (ICT) and National Institute of Reproductive Health (NIRH). He told that Dr Padma Deverajan from ICT is the principal investigator of the tuberculosis project and is also heading the Theilariasis project.Theilariasis is caused by an organism called Theilaria annulata which generally affects organs like lymph nodes, spleen and liver and kills the red blood cells, causing severe anaemia. It is more common in crossbred animals and is transmitted from one animal to another through ticks. Other members of the research team are Dr R V Gaikwad, Dr Geeta Vanage (NIRH) and Mariyam Degani, an organic chemist.In case of TB, the researchers have developed a drug delivery system (a kind of bag) made from a biodegradable material called gangtrez, a polymer and some natural lipids. \"By changing the shape of the system - carrying the two TB drugs - the medicine could be specifically targeted to different organs,\" said Samad.In the second project, the researchers have used a radioisotope of technetium called 'Tc-99M'. The use of isotope helps in tracking the path of the drug using a gamma camera. Samad said that currently, Theilariasis is treated by using a drug called Buparvaquone. But the drug has many side effects and is required in large doses. The residue of this drug is found in milk and meat in animals.\"But in case of the new system, medicine is used in very small quantity, hence, has no side effect. One-tenth of the dose is given in a single injection cures the infection,\" explained Samad.Tuberculosis* It specifically attacks only the infected cells.* It stays in cells for about 72 hours making it more effective.* Is not required in frequent doses like human beings.* Cures the patient in just 10 days, five injections on alternate days.* Holds promise as TB is still not treated in animals.Theilariasis* Just a single dose cures the infection completely.* Being an expensive drug, the cost is minimized as only one tenth of the dose cures the infection.* At present the drug does not cure the disease completely.* Animal remains a carrier lifelong.* Productivity of animal is reduced substantially.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11493604", "title": "GCET to be held on May 9, 10; G2CET on May 11", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa common entrance test (GCET) will be held on May 9 and 10 for admissions to professional colleges across the state offering medicine, dentistry, engineering, pharmacy and homeopathy courses. Around 3,500 students from Goa take the test each year.The G2CET, which is conducted for diploma and BSc degree holders for direct admissions to second year degree courses in engineering and pharmacy, will be held on May 11. Around 500 students will appear for this test.The GCET will be held across 10 centers around Goa, one each in Mapusa, Verna, Navelim, Vasco, Sanquelim, Churchorem and two each in Panaji and Ponda.While the physics test will be held on May 9 from 10am to noon, chemistry exam will be conducted on the same day from 2pm to 4pm. The mathematics paper will be conducted on May 10 from 10am to noon and the biology and computer science papers will be held from 2pm to 4pm.Questions for the test will be objective, multiple choice type containing 75 questions of one mark each, with no negative marking. The GCET will be based on the syllabus prescribed by Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Class XII students in physics, chemistry, mathematics, biology and computer science.The G2CET will be held at the Panaji and Margao centres from 10am to 12.30pm. A single paper will be conducted comprising of 100 objective, multiple choice type questions, carrying one mark each and with no negative marking.Separate prospectuses for GCET and G2CET with application forms will be made available to students in February on the website of the Goa directorate of technical education and in print version in March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11501918", "title": "Top EU official set to arrive in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: A top European Union official will visit India to deepen bilateral trade and security ties and will meet External Affairs Minister S M Krishna tomorrow.Catherine Ashton , European Union's High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy and the Vice-President of the European Commission , will meet Krishna in Bangalore.Ashton's visit is preparatory for the India-EU Summit to be held in New Delhi shortly.\"Relations between India and the European Union have been strong from the beginning. India was among the first countries to establish diplomatic relations with the European Economic Community,\" a release from MEA had said.Ashton said in Brussels , that the \"visit comes at a time when both India and the EU are facing important challenges.\"\"I hope the visit will strengthen our political and economic ties and create opportunities for synergies in addressing regional and global challenges, including for example in the field of security,\" she said in a statement.During the talks, the leaders are expected to discuss bilateral, regional and international issues of mutual interest. A number of preparatory meetings have been held prior to this visit, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "11496030", "title": "High-tech police stations for 7 Maoist-hit areas", "text": "KORAPUT: The Maoist-hit Koraput district will get at least seven model police stations, the first lot of its kind in the state, within the next few months. Officials are hopeful that the new police stations will aid the ongoing anti-Naxalite operations in the area.The three-storey buildings, funded by the Centre, will be constructed for an Rs 2 crore at Semiliguda, Laxmipur, Kakrigumma, Sunabeda, Boipariguda, Kotpad and Padwa in the district. \"Site selection for the new police stations is complete and the work will soon begin. We hope that the police stations will be operational within few months,\" said Koraput SP Anup Kumar Sahoo.According to officials, the ground floor of the building will be used as a general police station and it will also have a state-of-the art conference hall and a women and children's desk. The first floor will have boarding and refreshment facilities for officers engaged in counter insurgency operations, while the second floor will be a barrack to accommodate at least two platoons of security personnel engaged in anti-Maoist operations.\"We regularly face difficulties in accommodating our forces as we have to depend on unhygienic government buildings. Also, with the forces living away from police stations, there is a problem with conveying urgent messages to them. These new police stations will house both officers and securitymen in a single building, solving the communication issues\" the Sahoo said. \"More police stations of Maoist-hit areas of the district will be covered under the programme in the second phase,\" the SP said.Meanwhile, the government believes that new buildings equipped with iodern gadgets will curb Maoist attacks on police stations. In past couple of years, the rebels have blown up police stations at Machkund, Boipariguda, Kakrigumma in the district and several other buildings are in Maoist radar due to inadequate security arrangements. Sources said though the government has started fortifying the existing police stations and has erected watchtowers at some in the Maoist-hit areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "11491696", "title": "Two die as car rams into two-wheeler", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Two men died when their car rammed into a stationary two-wheeler on Alappuzha-Changanassery Road near Parassery bridge within Nedumudy police station limits on Saturday. The mishap occurred around 7.15 am. The deceased were identified as James, 53, Panjikkaran House, Sea View ward, Alappuzha municipality, and P C Antony alias Sunnichan, 51, Poriyanveli, Nedumudy.James, along with his wife and son, were returning home from Changanassery when their car rammed into the two-wheeler of Antony. Antony was speaking to his friend after stopping his motorcycle. He was thrown out from his bike and fell into a nearby canal. Though Antony and James were rushed to hospital by the police with the support of the local people, they succumbed to their injuries. James's wife Reji and son Paul James were admitted to Alappuzha Medical College Hospital.Reji's condition is said to be critical, but Paul is out of danger. The bodies were handed over to their kin after an autopsy at Alappuzha General Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11493528", "title": "'I teach my students good values through dance'", "text": "Meera Chandrasekaran is a typical Tamilian. Her accent, the body language and most of all the values, would make the most orthodox of her tribe proud. So it comes as a bit of a surprise when she says that she was born and brought up in Nagpur. More amazing is the fact that she set up her dance institute, Meera Nritya Niketan in 1974 even before she got married.Terming it as pure providence that she could find a match for herself in the city itself she says, \"That I continued to live here and pursue my passion is one thing. What came as the bonus was that I had an extremely supportive husband and family.\"For the last 34 years, Meera has been teaching the intricacies of Bharat Natyam to students in the city. Today, on her 60th birthday, she has been rewarded with the 60th arangetram of a student of her academy.In a chat with TOI, Meera speaks about her dance, family and students.Q. How difficult was it to set up and keep a dance institute of South Indian genre going in Nagpur?A. Quite difficult. I had learnt Kathak for seven years and then switched over to Bharat Natyam which I learnt for three years. I organized the first arangetram of a friend who too had learnt Bharat Natyam, at the Dhanwatey Rang Mandir. The dress, the style and the music were all very new for the viewers in the city and they were enthralled by it. That marked the setting up of my institute and my first student was a seven-year-old girl, Mahadevi Bhaskar Rao, then Bindu Nair was the next and the flow began. My effort was to showcase this pure classical dance form and inform the people about its significance. This was quite tough and happened gradually.Q. Has it been easy to retain students?A. I create an interest in them for dance and, have evolved and changed according to the times. This makes the class contemporary and interesting. I also share a very good rapport with my students as I teach them good values through the dance, which help them in their everyday life. This way they are able to apply their training here to their behaviour and it also creates a bond between us.Q. How different or alike is your institute from the dance schools that exist in the south?A. Rukmani Devi Arundale, who set up Kalakshetra in Chennai, has set the standards. All institutes like mine follow the same pattern and have developed on those lines. Being located in Nagpur, I have developed a pattern to accommodate the regional requirements. I use the local language to interpret the movements. Otherwise, in terms of purity of form we are the same.Q. You have mixed and matched the Carnatic and Hindustani dance forms. Why?A. My audience can only appreciate this performing art when they understand and relate to it. I had once organized a dance-drama based on Balaji Kalyanam. The conversational parts of the story, when Vishnu is pining for Laxmi, were sung in the local language. The audiences would have enjoyed this much more had I just given an interpretation. I feel there is art in every form so a bit of fusion makes it more understandable and broadens its appeal. The patriotic dance, Aman choreographed by me, was one such attempt. Besides, Bharat Natyam is such a flexible dance form that it easily absorbs change without losing its original format.Q. At 60 today, how would you say you have evolved as a person and guru?A. My environment as a child was loaded with art and culture and that's how I grew to be what I am. My mother and sister made sure that I pursued my talent. I am just a dancer and a teacher; it is my husband who has made me a success in both the spheres. Today my son and my daughter-in-law are so proud of me. So, I think I have evolved well.Q. What are the plans for your institute?A. There are some plans which I hope will materialize. I just want my students to take this institute forward. I want them to evolve, expand and improve this place. I dream for them. I would like them to be professionals in their sphere of work and yet spread this art they have learnt from me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11492941", "title": "Architecture student drowns in Panshet dam", "text": "PUNE: A 20-year-old student of architecture from Kharadi drowned in Panshet dam on Friday afternoon. The dam is located about 40 km from the city in Velha taluka.The deceased, Balbirsingh Mohansingh Shekhawat, was one of 18 first-year students of Sinhagad college of architecture at Vadgaon Budruck, who had gone on a study tour to the Khanapur primary hospital.Investigating officer Sunil Deshpande said, \"Shekhawat entered the dam with his classmates Ajinkya Salunkhe and Vaibhav Sonawane. The others swam across the dam, but the flow of water increased suddenly and Shekhawat could not get out. Salunkhe and Sonawane tried to help, but it was too late.\"According to Vaibhav Sonawane, \"We reached Khanapur at 2 pm, but were told to come at 4.30 pm since the doctors were in a meeting. We decided to have lunch at Panshet. After the meal, eight of us went to the dam. The others said they would join us later. Salunkhe and I decided to enter the water, but warned the others not to follow us if they did not know how to swim. Shekhawat did not pay heed to our advice, though he was not an expert swimmer. In an attempt to cross the dam, he got caught in a whirlpool which occurs when water is suddenly released from the dam. We tried to pull him out after he shouted for help, but failed.\" The students then rushed to the Velha police station.Later, the dam officials stopped the release of water at the police's request. Villagers and lifeguards found Shekhawat after searching for him for 45 minutes and rushed him to a nearby private hospital. The doctors, however, proclaimed him dead on arrival. His body was handed over to his father after a post-mortem was carried out.Balbir's father Mohansingh Shekhawat said, \"Students have told me that Balbir drowned as he started gasping for breath.\" Another student from the group, Rohan Londhe said, \"Balbir was good in studies and was very interactive with classmates.\"M V Telang, the principal of Sinhagad college of architecture, said, \"The college had sent the students on a study tour, but they went to Panshet dam without permission. Shekhawat did not know how to swim. We will issue a warning to other students to prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future.\"Telang further said, \"Instead of reporting to the college, Shekhawat had directly joined the study tour. A teacher will accompany the students on every study tour in the future.\" The police have registered a case of accidental death. Shekhawat is survived by his parents and sister. The funeral was performed on Saturday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11494218", "title": "After milk, salt under govt\u2019s quality scanner", "text": "NEW DELHI: After milk, salt - another most common food item - is under the Food Safety Standards Authority of India's (FSSAI) scanner.The FSSAI is collecting salt samples from across metros to check iodine levels. The study aims to find out how much iodine is finally available in the salt when it is being sold to consumers.\"We want to see how much iodine is being consumed through salt by consumers. The study is being carried out in metros like Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata, Pune, Bangalaore and Guwahati among others. Around 100 samples of salt - both packed and being sold loose - are being tested from each city. The results will be available soon,\" a health ministry official told TOI.According to the Coverage Evaluation Survey, adequately iodated salt consumption in the country was about 71% and the rest (29%) contained nil and inadequate iodine.About 71 million Indians are suffering from Iodine Deficiency Disorders (IDD). IDD is the leading cause of mental retardation globally. Every year, 13 million Indian children are born unprotected from brain damage caused by iodine deficiency. It is estimated that 200 million Indians are exposed to the risk of IDD.Health ministry data says that out of 324 districts in all the 28 states, 263 districts are endemic, where the prevalence of IDD is more than 10%.Under the 12th Five Year plan, India aims to bring down prevalence of IDD below 5%. By 2017, the Union health ministry wants to ensure 100% consumption of adequately iodated salt (15 PPM) at the household level.\"We want to conduct a fresh IDD survey/resurvey of 643 districts of the country. It is estimated that an amount of Rs 643 lakh will be required during the entire Plan period for the survey. During the 12th Plan, we have asked the Planning Commission for Rs 1,225 lakh to set up one IDD monitoring lab with one laboratory technician and one lab assistant for every state,\" a ministry official said.Experts say iodine is one of the most essential micronutrients with an average daily requirement of 100-150 micrograms for normal human growth and development. At present, no state in the country is free from IDD.A salt testing kit (STK) to show the presence of iodine in iodized salt has been developed by India. \"In order to insure 100% consumption of iodized salt at the community, it is proposed to distribute about 12 salt testing kits to each ASHA worker at the community level.For creating awareness of adequately iodated salt in the community and its monthly monitoring, an amount of Rs 25 to each ASHA for testing of 50 salt samples per month is proposed,\" says a ministry paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11495009", "title": "NID admission test today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Design Aptitude Test (DAT) for admission to the undergraduate programme at the National Institute of Design (NID) will be held on January 7 at LD engineering college. The test for students aspiring to join the post graduate programme at NID will be held the following day on January 8 at the same venue.The selected candidates will go through an interview before they are offered admission to the courses at NID. With around 8,000 students taking DAT in the two days, the test has seen an increase of around a 1,000 students from that of last year.Job fair by Indian Air Force: Indian Air Force will hold a job fair this Sunday at Gujarat University campus. Officials said that recruitments will be held for 50 positions of class I officials. The job fair will be held at the Zoology department wherein selection will be held on a fast track basis. Students who have completed the MSC in maths and statistics will be eligible for the positions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "11498379", "title": "Elbaradei pulls out of presidential race in Egypt", "text": "CAIRO: Mohamed ElBaradei , a leading contender for Egyptian presidential race, abruptly withdrew his candidacy in protest over the military's continued grip on power, saying there is \"no real democracy\" even after the ouster of former strongman Hosni Mubarak .Declaring there is still no real political change in the country, ElBaradei, 69, said in a statement, \"My conscience does not allow me to run for the presidency or any other official position unless there is real democracy.\"Elbaradei, who had played a significant role in the January revolution, said a fair election would not be possible under the military's grip.The former IAEA chief said he had taken his decision in protest at the way Egypt's military rulers governed \"as though no revolution had taken place\".He said yesterday that his decision does not mean a complete withdrawal from the political scene but that he will continue serving society \"outside any positions of power, freed from all the chains\".The Nobel Peace laureate praised the revolutionary youths who led massive popular uprisings that toppled Mubarak last year but said \"the former regime did not fall\".ElBaradei's comments reflect growing disenchantment with the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces (SCAF) which has been running Egypt since Mubarak was ousted in February last year following an 18-day popular revolt.The Egyptian presidential election is scheduled to take place in June 2012.The SCAF has repeatedly pledged to cede full powers to civilian rule when a president is elected by the end of June, but there is widespread belief that the military wants to maintain a political role in the country's future.ElBaradei had wanted a new constitution to be drawn up from scratch before any elections took place. However, the SCAF opted to go ahead with parliamentary elections first.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11496004", "title": "Pipili rape victim to be shifted to AIIMS", "text": "CUTTACK: The 19-year-old girl, who is critical after she was allegedly gang-raped in Pipili, will be shifted to All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) hospital, Delhi, for treatment. The decision was taken by the team of doctors treating her at SCB Medical College and Hospital on Saturday in a special meeting convened to discuss her health condition.\"We are providing the best possible treatment to the victim, but we have decided to refer her to AIIMS as it is better equipped to deal with such cases,\" Dr D N Moharana, superintendent of SCB hospital, said. \"We have informed the state government and she will soon be shifted to AIIMS,\" added Moharana. A report in this regard will also be submitted in the Orissa high court on Monday.Notably, while adjudicating a PIL filed by a human rights activist seeking proper treatment and justice for the victim, the high court had on Friday directed the state government to ensure thatthe victim gets the best medical treatment and had also urged that specialist doctors be called in if needed. The doctors said the victim, who is in the ICU ward, is showing slight improvement, but her condition is still very critical.The victim was allegedly gangraped in Pipili in November for appearing in court as witness in a molestation case. The rapists also tried to kill her by strangulation. The patient is now being looked after by several superspecialists. In a related development, the crime branch has released a photograph of the main accused Prashant Pradhan alias Pasei, a native of paparanga village in Pipili and urged the public to share any information about his whereabouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11496570", "title": "Ragini Nandwani and Mukul Harish locked in the vanity", "text": "Call it a prank or a divine intervention, television's newest onscreen - off-screen jodi, Ragini Nandwani and Mukul Harish aka Lovely and Kartik of Mrs.Kaushik Ki Paanch Bahuein, one day, found ample time to cozy up with each other in the middle of a hectic shoot. It so happened that the entire cast (who get along like house on fire with each other) were having lunch together in the vanity. After having a hearty meal, one by one all the actors left the vanity leaving Ragini and Mukul alone. After a while when Mukul got up to leave, he found the vanity locked.Says a source from the sets, \"The prank was played by one of the bhaiyya and the bhabi from the show. I won't name them. All of them left the vanity one by one knowing that Mukul would leave the vanity little later. They locked the vanity from outside just for some masti thinking that Mukul or Ragini will raise an alarm and they will get a chance to rag them till no end. But to everybody's surprise none of them did!!\"They stayed inside the vanity for the longest time without a care! Its only when the director started asking about their whereabouts, that the anonymous prankster gave the vanity key to one of the spot boys and asked him to unlock the door. \"Everybody thought the hell would break loose as both Mukul and Ragini would unleash their wrath to all. But Mukul came out of the vanity all smiles and blushing and without any trace of anger. He behaved as if nothing had happened. Same was the case with Ragini. Her face was beetroot red! Wonder it was her real blush or the make-up,\" concludes the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11496518", "title": "State EC will hold voter fest to attract youths", "text": "BHOPAL: In a bid to motivate youngsters to enrol themselves and participate in democratic process, the state election commission is readying to organise \"Young voter festival.\" Nearly five million eligible voters are missing from voters' list, going by the estimates of the state election commission.\"The festival, scheduled to be organised across the state before January 25 is aimed at making youths understand the importance of democratic structure of country and the role of voters in it,\" SEC spokesman Pravas Jain told TOI.Pointing out that nearly five million eligible voters in the state are yet to be enrolled in the list, he said the special campaign was also aimed at bridging the gap. \"Among those eligible for enrollment, youths in the age group of 18 and 20 years constitute more than two million population. \"They have not shown any interest in getting their names added to voters list,\" he claimed.In order to get these voters, the election commission has issued directives to all district-level officers directing them to organise Young Voter Festival across in more than 3000 educational institutions in the state. The plan is to conclude the campaign before National Voters Day on January 25 every year.Besides, the commission has also roped in National Service Scheme (NSS), National Cadet Corps (NCC), Nehru Yuva Kendra and Scouts and Guide to motivate young voters in rural and urban pockets to get their names added to the voters list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11487907", "title": "Review: Huawei MediaPad tablet", "text": "NEW DELHI: You may think the 7-inch form factor for tablets is old and tired, thanks to the bunch of no-name and budget tablets crowding this space. But Huawei's MediaPad will make you change your mind.It certainly is an impressive 7-inch tablet: unibody metal construction, excellent fit and build quality, useful ports (microHDMI, microUSB , 3.5mm audio), great performance and high-quality screen. A removable triangular panel on the back hides the SIM and microSD card slot - although it's plastic, it does not detract from overall appearance.The display has a resolution of 1280 x 800 pixels - you get sharp output and first-rate touch response. The hardware matches up with most highend tablets available today. It runs stock Android 3.2 on a dual core 1.2Ghz processor with 1GB RAM with 8GB storage expandable via microSD card. Thanks to the hardware and the fact that Android 3.2 is optimised for devices with smaller displays, the performance (general navigation, running apps, multimedia and gaming) is terrific. Purely for multimedia playback, the MediaPad is fantastic.It supports most common video formats and plays HD movies without a hitch. Video playback is smooth without any jitters or visible artifacts and it even allows for seamless forward and reverse skipping.In terms of audio, the sound output is very loud thanks to the dual speakers. However, the placement of both speakers on the same side of the tablet did lead to the output being muffled when the tablet was held from the left side. The music player did not detect files copied directly to the tablet's storage - it requires that music be transferred using Huawei's Tablet Manager software.A workaround for that is to play audio files using the file manager, through the gallery or by installing a third-party audio player. At the back is a 5MP autofocus camera that takes average quality images in daylight.Using the camera indoors and under dark conditions is best avoided, as images are full of noise with significant amounts of purple fringing. An LED flash would be helpful, but the tablet lacks one. Video recording is done in 720p HD resolution by both front and rear cameras but suffers from excessive noise.With automatic brightness, Wi-Fi connectivity and mixed use of apps and multimedia, the MediaPad was able to provide a 5 hour battery backup. Currently, the MediaPad is the only 7-inch Wi-Fi + 3G tablet running Android 3.2 tablet in India. At the same price, you can get Android 3.1 tablets with larger screens ( Acer Iconia Tab 501) with similar hardware. Or you could consider the single core HTC Flyer which has dropped to 22,000 after a recent price cut.Some real competition for the MediaPad will arrive once Samsung launches the Galaxy Tab 7.0 plus - a 7-inch Android 3.2 tablet with similar hardware and connectivity options and is expected to be priced about the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11492329", "title": "Woman cop hit by biker during nakabandi dies", "text": "MUMBAI: Police sub-inspector Nandini Patil (23), who was seriously injured during a nakabandi duty on January 4, at Borivli (E) when a biker hit her, died on Saturday.The Kasturba Marg police had booked the teenage biker for murder. Patil was trying to stop the biker, Sachin Verma (19) who was accompanied with a pillion, at the nakabandi near Devipada on Western Express Highway. The speeding biker hit Patil while trying to flee. Patil was seriously injured in the incident. The biker also lost his balance and sustained injuries. Patil's mother and husband were present at SevenHills Hospital, Andheri (E) to claim her body.The family will perform her last rites in Kolhapur. Patil had joined Kasturba Marg police station as her first posting after her training last year. She had shifted to Mumbai after her posting along with her husband who was looking for a private job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11493973", "title": "Urban fairs with rural flair", "text": "It's all about going rustic this harvest festival. While everyone who can take off head for their native village for Pongal, others are busy recreating village festivities in the city, through food fests and carnivals.To make sure that city dwellers do not miss out on the traditional delicacies prepared during the festival, several restaurants are offering 'Gramathu Virundus' or village feasts. Visitors can enjoy traditional dishes such as kambu pongal (pearl millet pongal), banana stem soup, snake gourd bajji, mango pachadi and the traditional nine-vegetable pachadi at a special village food festival being held from January 15 to 17 at the Mahamudra restaurant in Mylapore.\"Many people who live in the city are not familiar with these dishes or have forgotten how to prepare them. Traditional food is also supposed to be more nutritious and there is a lot of demand,\" says C C Mohan, manager, Mahamudra. \"A lot of our customers bring their children along as they want them to taste these dishes,\" he adds.Organisers at the 'Pongal sandhai' (carnival) being organised in Royapettah are also hoping to attract children to the fair with a rural flavour. At the four-day fest, children will be able to see village artists perform fire acrobatics and also witness folk arts like Tudumbattam. \"Most youngsters now do not get to experience Pongal festivities and celebrate it like their parents or grandparents used to. We wanted to recreate a village sandhai in the city to provide the rural experience to people in the city,\" says Prem Antony, director of the festival. \"We have also set up stalls that sell drinks like 'Jigarthanda', which is popular in Madurai,\" he says.For the last few years, DakshinaChitra, a traditional arts village on the East Coast Road, has also been recreating a mock village to celebrate Pongal. Organisers say that it is a sense of nostalgia that attracts people to these places. \"DakshinaChitra is situated near large, modernday amusement parks. However, most city dwellers choose to come here as they are tired of the urban way of life and are looking for new experiences,\" says a staff member.Along with celebrating the festival in the mock village with traditional earthern pots and offering puja to cows, folk performances such as 'Poikkal kuthiraiattam', 'Mayilattam' and 'Karagattam' will be held till January 16. \"We also attract a lot of foreigners who are interested in experiencing the traditional Indian way of life,\" she adds.For the benefit of foreign tourists, the state tourism department is also organising special trips to the village of Kadambadi near Mamallapuram on Sunday. Apart from tasting pongal cooked in the traditional way on village streets, tourists will also be able to take part in activities such as pot-breaking competitions. \"They will be welcomed to the village with garlands and the festivities will end with a bullock cart ride around the village,\" says an official at the department of tourism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11501356", "title": "UP polls: SP gives ticket to slain dacoit's son", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party today changed its candidate from the Chitrakoot assembly seat in Uttar Pradesh and gave the ticket to the son of a slain dacoit.Veer Singh Patel, son of slain dacoit Shiv Kumar alias Dadua, would be SP's candidate from Chitrakoot, party leaders said.Earlier, the party had given ticket to Sunil Patel, son of SP Banda MP R K Singh Patel, to contest the UP assembly election from Chitrakoot constituency.The party had not cited any reason for changing its candidate.Veer's uncle Bal Kumar Patel is an SP MP from Mirzapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11493730", "title": "'Take the first nursery seat you get; change school later'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The nursery admission is keeping the parents of three-year-olds in the city on their toes. After the application process for the 2012-13 academic session wraps up on Monday, schools will display the first list of selected candidates by February 1.Though schools may call parents for document verification, there will be no interaction or interview for selection of children. Parents now have their fingers crossed. Applying in over 20 schools hasn't helped their anxiety.\"I have applied in as many as 26 schools in last one week though my child can mainly score points only for proximity to school. I hope some school selects my child for nursery. I would admit I am leaving no stone unturned to facilitate admission for my son,\" said Shashank Bhardwaj, who lives in Vasant Kunj. Being the first-generation parents in the city, they have applied in all schools in the neighbourhood and even elsewhere where schools are awarding points for the first-born child, too.While many schools are following a 100-point system for admission, others like Tagore International School are going to have a draw of lots. Bal Bharti School as well as Apeejay School have made special categories for various parameters like neighbourhood, alumni and sibling. They, too, will have a draw of lots if the number of applications in each category exceeds the number of seats.School officials suggest that once the list of selected children is declared, parents should book a seat in whichever school their child gets through. They can always change the school after the second list, likely to be put up by February 29.Anant Ray, who had managed to find a nursery seat for his daughter last year, suggested: \"Schools may come out with a second list. But it's not a good idea to bank on it as the number of seats may not be many. So book a seat if you can even if the school is not of your choice. This is what I did too last year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11496747", "title": "Anna Kendrick unsure about 50/50", "text": "Anna Kendrick had \"reservations\" about signing up to '50/50'.The 26-year-old star plays the role of a therapist in the comedy about a man suffering with cancer - starring Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Seth Rogen - and she admits she was worried about what questions she would have to answer when the film came out.She said: \"I had reservations when I read the original pitch. I thought, 'I'm going to have to do press and answer questions where people ask, 'Is cancer funny? Is it really OK to laugh at that?'\"It helped that it was based on the writer Will Reiser's real life story, because I feel like I can say: I guess if he finds it funny, then yes.' So far, touch wood, I haven't had a personal experience of cancer. I'm lucky I suppose.\"The 'Twilight Saga' actress also admits she was unsure about playing a therapist because she was worried about her abilities.She told Hello! magazine: \"I am always really hesitant because I worry that if it is taken it will backfire. I like to think I am a good listener, but I think that has got worse over time, I get easily distracted.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11488966", "title": "Genelia misses Riteish in Dubai", "text": "Genelia Dsouza was stuck to her phone most of the time during the CCL matches. The person on the other end was her fiance Riteish Deshmukh who couldn't make it to Dubai due to an injury. Genie was heard giving Deshmukh all the little details of the match and telling him how much she missed him.A friend close to her reveals, \"Genie was terribly missing Riteish. But she was surrounded by friends like Kangana and Shriya Saran who kept cheering her mood and making her happy. She was spotted on her phone during breaks in between the matches talking to RD.\"Buzz is that Genelia also did some major shopping in Dubai with best friend Kangana and was spotted at some big branded stores. Guess she's preparing herself for the soon to come wedding day ?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11494011", "title": "Poll expenditure under stiff scrutiny", "text": "NOIDA: To keep tabs on the expenditure of political parties ahead of the Assembly elections, party candidates and the district administration have been told to maintain registers of poll expenses. Apart from checking entries on a daily basis, officials will also monitor meetings and rallies organized by the parties.The decision was taken in a recent meeting held in Meerut which also discussed measures for the proper implementation of the moral code of conduct.According to the Election Commission's instructions, candidates have to open new bank accounts for all poll-related payments \"Both the district administration and the candidates will maintain registers with day-to-day entries. The entries will be audited by the district administration and election officers,\" said ADM Sarvjeet Ram. Monitoring committees have been set up at the district, state and commission levels.\"Individual candidates will have to furnish details of their expenses within three days and political parties will have to give a detailed account of the overall expenditure incurred under various heads within 75 days of the conclusion of the poll,\" said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11492693", "title": "B'lore kids are enthu about football: Coach", "text": "BANGALORE: Top coach Garard Nijkamp is impressed with the football fervour in Bangalore. \"What struck me about the kids here is their huge enthusiasm, their eagerness to learn,\" he told STOINijkamp, who will train children at the Ozonegroup Football Academy here, has worked in South Africa, the Middle East, Japan and China in such projects.Work on infrastructure is likely to start in the next few weeks, and is scheduled to be completed in about 20 months. The artificial turf should be ready late in the summer. The school's first batch of 60 players will kick off in June. To begin with, the players will be picked and dropped five days a week for 90-minute daily sessions which will combine fitness and football. The sponsors promise to be around for the long haul: they're looking at programs lasting 5 to 10 years.Nijkamp, who has been in the coaching line for 20 years, said the Dutch philosophy does not comprise telling children what to do; it allows them to choose what they want to do. \"For instance, if it is diet, we teach them what is good and right; but when it comes to picking what they want to eat, they have to exercise their own choice. That's what the game of football is all about, split-second decisions.\"The selection saw 41 boys, most of whom are from the heartland of Bangalore football - Austin Town, Murphy Town and Gautampura - at work at the football stadium on Saturday. The trials will be a year-round affair.As many as 4,000 children from government schools in the city have already attended trials; several thousands are waiting in the wings. The sponsors will look at Mysore and other districts despite the fact that the residential facility isn't ready.\"Talent will not be lost or sacrificed,\" said Adhip Bhandary, coordinator for the program. \"We'll house the kids from outstation separately till we complete the facility. Suppose a father from Assam arrives here with his son for one of the trials, we are not going to say no. Likewise, if we get a child from a higher-income group family, we're willing to try him out.\"Raghu Subramanium, VP Strategy, Ozonegroup, said the program would focus on underprivileged children. \"Our goal is to get India to qualify for the World Cup finals. Equally important for us is to have our kids playing for top clubs in Europe. We are going for gold, and we think it is possible. Our CMD S Vasudevan is hugely passionate about the sport. He is a football lover.\"Love is always a good place to begin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11495054", "title": "Auto damaged in accident recovered", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Vastrapur police officials recovered the autorickshaw damaged in the fatal accident that took place in the wee hours of January 1 as one of the evidences on Friday, six days after the incident.The badly damaged three-wheeler mysteriously went missing after the accident much like its driver, Ajay Janade, 27. Janade, too, has been missing since the last five days. He was one of the eye-witnesses and complainant in the case.While sources said that he has been to Maharashtra to avoid being questioned, police officials said that search for him is on as he will be a crucial witness to ascertain who was to blame for the accident. Officials also suspect foul play. \"He might have been bribed to get away and weaken the case,\" said a police official.Labdhi Shah, 19, a resident of Naranpura, was apprehended by police for the incident. After her arrest, Labdhi had claimed that another car had hit her first.In the accident, a 24-year-old youth had died and two others were injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11491739", "title": "Kochi to host psychiatry conclaves", "text": "KOCHI: The city will host two conferences on psychiatry this week, discussing the latest treatment modalities and research studies in this field. Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences will conduct the Indian Global Psychiatric Initiative 2012 on Tuesday and Wednesday. Union minister K C Venugopal will inaugurate the conference on Tuesday at 12 noon at the hospital.Organized in association with the Indo-Australian Psychiatry Association and Indo-New Zealand Psychiatry Association, the conference will be attended by experts from US, UK, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, France, Italy, China, Germany, Sri Lanka, Canada and Russia . Around 500 delegates from India and abroad will present papers and discuss the importance of research and new developments in psychiatric treatment.Professor Pedro Ruiz, president of the World Psychiatric Association, professor Macheri Kesavan, research scholar from Harvard University , professor John Oldham , USA, professor Russel D'Souza from Australia, and professor Dinesh Arya will attend the conference. Dr Abraham Varghese, president of the Indian Medical Association, Kochi, Dr Prem Nair, medical director, AIMS, Dr K Kesavan Kuty, head of the department of Psychiatry and Dr N Dinesh will also be present.Meanwhile, the 64th annual conference of the Indian Psychiatric Society will begin at Hotel Le Meridian on January 19. More than 3000 psychiatrists from various parts of India are expected to participate. Delegates from abroad are also expected to attend the deliberations.Vayalar Ravi, minister for Overseas Indian Affairs, will inaugurate the conference on Thursday 6 pm. Union minister professor K V Thomas will release the souvenir and state minister K Babu will release the membership directory. The function will be presided over by the Indian Psychiatric Society national president professor M Thirunavakkarasu. Dr Roy Abraham Kallivayalil will be instated as the new president of the Psychiatric Society. Dr Dinesh Bhugra, president- elect of the world Psychiatric Association will address the function. The conference, organized by the Indian Psychiatric Society Kerala branch and Cochin Psychiatric Society, will conclude on Sunday.The city will host two conferences on psychiatry this week, discussing the latest treatment modalities and research studies in this field.Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences will conduct Indian Global Psychiatric Initiative 2012 on Tuesday and Wednesday. Union Minister K C Venugopal will inaugurate this international conference of psychiatrists on Tuesday at 12 noon at the hospital. Organized in association with the Indo-Australian Psychiatry Association and Indo-New Zealand Psychiatry Association, this conference will be attended by experts from the US, UK, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, France, Italy, China, Germany, Sri Lanka, Canada and Russia. Around 500 delegates from India and abroad will present papers and discuss the importance of research and new developments in psychiatric treatment.Prof Pedro Ruiz, president of the World Psychiatric Association, Prof Macheri Kesavan, research scholar from Harvard University, Prof John Oldham, USA, Prof Russel D'Souza from Australia, and Prof Dinesh Arya will attend the conference. Dr Abraham Varghese, president of the Indian Medical Association, Kochi, Dr Prem Nair, medical director, AIMS, Dr K Kesavan Kuty, head of the department of Psychiatry, and Dr N Dinesh will also be present.The 64th annual conference of the Indian Psychiatric Society will begin at Hotel Le Meridian on January 19. More than 3000 psychiatrists from various parts of India are expected to participate in the conference. Delegates from abroad including the U.K. and the U.S. are expected to attend the delibrations.Vayalar Ravi, Union Minister for Overseas Indian Affairs, will inaugurate the conference on Thursday 6 pm. Union Minister Prof. K.V. Thomas will release the souvenir and State Minister K. Babu will release the membership directory. The function will be presided over by Indian Psychiatric Society national president Prof M. Thirunavakkarasu. Dr. Roy Abraham Kallivayalil will be installed as the new president of the Psychiatric Society. Dr. Dinesh Bhugra, president- elect of the world Psychiatric Association willaddress the function.The conference, organized by the Indian Psychiatric Society Kerala branch and Cochin Psychiatric Society, will conclude on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11492973", "title": "Congress-NCP talks hit a roadblock", "text": "NAGPUR: The fresh round of talks between the Congress and the NCP, over share of seats in the pre-poll alliance for the NMC polls, hit a roadblock on Friday night over the number as well as choice of seats. Senior NCP leader and Union Heavy Industries minister Praful Patel , who will be in the city on Saturday, is expected to sort it out at a party meeting before the talks resume.Responding to the Congress call for revising the earlier list of 40 candidates given two days ago, the NCP reportedly submitted one with 32 names but soon replaced with another with 36 names. This caused a lot of confusion among the Congress leaders who are not ready to concede anything more than 30 in the 145 member civic house for which polling is scheduled on February 16.On Saturday, both the parties tried to downplay the differences and said the pre-poll alliance was certain to be arrived at. Confirming that a list of 36 has been submitted, city NCP president Ajay Patil said it was not final and they could settle for some less.City Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta said this going back and forth was delaying the seat sharing agreement. \"We are ready to concede seats where the NCP has presence. But the local NCP leaders, while presenting their case, should also take care of technical details like not including only men candidates and that too in open category. So any revision means reworking the whole process. This takes a lot of time,\" explained Gupta.Since there is a 50% reservation for women, the NCP has been asked to give a proportionate numbers of male and female candidates as well as specific castes in seats reserved for them. \"In fact in the last joint meeting of leaders of both parties held at city Mp Vilas Muttemwar's house, 80% seats were thus sorted out. But the revised NCP list has now created new problems,\" said a Congress leader.However, leaders of the Congress as well as the NCP are sure that they would reach at an agreement on seats by next week. The nomination filing opens on January 24.As Sena demands 25, BJP says take 12The talks between the traditional allies BJP and the Shiv Sena are also moving slowly. On Saturday in one such rounds, the Sena had narrowed down to 25 seats. But the BJP, was not willing to spare more than 12, said sources.Moreover, the BJP has suggested to the Sena that after dividing the seats between them, they two parties would have to accommodate the RPI by each party giving equal number to the third partner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11497882", "title": "Duchess Catherine praised by Joan Collins", "text": "Joan Collins says Duchess Catherine is \"flawless\".The former 'Dynasty' star is a huge fan of the 30-year-old royal - who married Prince William last April - and thinks she, William and his brother Harry are great ambassadors for the UK.She said: \"I very much like Catherine. What do we call her now? The Duchess of Cambridge sounds so old! Can't we just call her Princess Catherine as they do in America? She has not put a foot wrong. She even looks like a princess. I think Prince William has done a great job and taught her what to expect. She is flawless in everything, her clothes, her smile, her attitude.\"Harry was in Las Vegas when we were there a month ago - he drove in on his Harley through the Arizona desert. He's very much a man of the people, isn't he? I like that.\"Joan was also a huge fan of William's mother, the late Princess Diana, and was devastated when she died in 1997.She said: \"Diana had a tough time. She wasn't strong enough to survive what was happening to her. I loved her.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "11494986", "title": "Efforts directed against alcoholism show results, though menace remains", "text": "SANGRUR: Punjabis' love for liquor is no secret but efforts are also being made to fight alcoholism. Even as political leaders and social activists have been raising their voice against the menace of drug addiction and alcoholism in Punjab, the government has not really done much more than lip-service in curbing the menace.Efforts by some NGOs and individuals in getting villagers to stand up against excessive use of liquor is making a difference with village panchayats coming forward with resolutions of not having any liquor vend in their villages in a state whose countryside is known for free flow of liquor.It all started in 2010 when after a couple of years' of campaign by NGOs like People for Transparency (PFT) and Scientific Awareness Forum (SAF), 72 village panchayats including 47 from district Sangrur passed resolutions in favour of self-imposed prohibition. The authorities accepted resolutions of 32 panchayats including 24 from Sangrur.Again in 2011, some 70 panchayats had approached the state excise authorities with resolutions in favour of not having any liquor vends in their villages, a decision on which is awaited.SAF president AS Mann said, \"Excessive use of liquor is proving disastrous in the countryside but a concerted campaign is being carried out to save the villagers from getting addicted.\" PFT convener Kamal Anand said, \"The governments are only concerned about increasing revenue collection but at the cost of ruining lives of youngsters.\"Sangrur panchayats saying a big no to liqour vends in their villages also made actor Aamir Khan to take notice. His production house that will soon be airing a series of episodes against various social evils will also have an episode regarding panchayats that stood up against alcoholism. Members of his production house had travelled all the way to non-descript villages for this episode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11493585", "title": "Sprinting was always the cop\u2019s strength", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan Armed Constabulary (RAC) constable who died after participating in a run organised by the police was a regular sprinter from school days. He had won many awards at school and college level. Nobody including his family members had thought that a race organised to improve the mental and physical health would be his last race.When Bhawani Singh Shekhawat's (27) body reached his Ambabari house, it was nothing less than a shock for his family and relatives. For them he was always a \"champ\" when he participated in a run. \"He was a regular sprinter. In school days he would run for almost 6 kms a day. He had even participated in national championship organised at Tagore Public school. I still cannot believe that he died after participating in a run,\" said Pradeep Singh Shekhawat, the deceased's cousin on Saturday.Pradeep said that Bhawani had received 'A' and 'C' certificates from NCC in sprinting and would regularly run for up to 6 kms. Though police claim that the stretch between Albert Hall and Jal Mahal is 7 kms, the deceased's family believes it was not less than 10 kms.Bhawani's wife Seema Kanwar (25) fainted when his body was brought home, the relatives said. \"A doctor was brought to the house. Bhabhisa (sister-in-law) is in deep grief. Whenever he was asked to participate in a race or a rally it was always a moment of pride for our family since it was his passion,\" Pradeep said.Asked if the family would take any legal action against the organizers-police itself, Pradeep said, \"We have not thought like that. But the only thing that is disturbing us is that when H C Meena, the DGP, participated only the constables were inspired while the circle inspectors and other senior officers did not take much interest in participating. They should have had some kind of health drinks on the way.\"The deceased had been married for almost one-and-a-half years and had a six-month old daughter.\"We had never thought that his strength would become his weakness,\" said a relative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11494137", "title": "Fake travel agency busted, 1 held", "text": "CHENNAI: The Koyambedu police on Saturday busted a travel agency, Shakti Travels, that had created a fake e-mail address and collected money from several people for long-distance bus travel. One person was arrested. \"Around 40 people who had reserved seats with the agency were waiting near the Koyembedustation from evening butthere was nobus\" said a policeofficer.Some passengers said they waitedfor thebuswithticketstill 11 pm. \"When we wanted to approach the police, a representative of the agency said the bus would come soon. But it didn't,\" said a passenger.Based on the passengers' complaints, police nabbed Jayaseelan of Ramanathapuram, an employee of the firm. A special team has been form to catch the others. \"It's suspected that the fake agency isthebrainchildof a man named Francis Arul,\" said a senior policeofficer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11493579", "title": "Goa Dairy to hold elections for 12 directors today", "text": "PONDA: One representative of each of the 165 milk producing societies from Goa will cast their votes to choose 12 directors for the Goa state cooperative milk producers' union, on Sunday.Twenty-six candidates are in the fray for the elections. While thirty members had submitted their nominations, two of these withdrew from the race and another two have been disqualified by the election officers.The voting will be held at four places, including Colvale in Bardez, Curchorem in Sanguem, Vitthalapur-Sanquelim in Bicholim and Ponda between 9am and 5pm and the results will be out on Monday. The counting of votes will be held at Margao.The union, popularly known as Goa dairy, is the principal milk producing plant in Goa having a network which supplies packaged milk and other milk products in the state. The dairy affairs are managed by the 12-member board of directors that have a term of five-years in office.The 26 candidates include two panels. The first panel is led by the present chairman Madhav Sahakari and the second panel is headed by the director Vithoba Desai called 'Goa Dairy Bachao Panel.' Each panel has 12 members and two members, Babu Komarpant and Ramesh Naik, are contesting as independents.The present directors who served the dairy during the last five-year-term include Madhav Sahakari, Ajay Desai, Ulhas Sinari, Naresh Malik, Baburao Fatto Desai, Vijaykumar Patil, Vithoba Desai, Shrikant Naik, Gurudas Parab and Rajendra Sawal. Two directors V T Prabhu and Agostinho Mascarenhas have been disqualified by the election officer P M Naik on December 29, 2011. Mascarenhas had challenged the decision of the election officer in the high court of Bombay at Goa. However, the bench rejected his petition upholding the decision of the election officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11494236", "title": "Country on wheels: Indian auto sector is 7th largest in world", "text": "Alan Roger Mulally is the CEO of Ford Motors and the man credited with turning around the fortunes of the iconic US car-maker. Last week, Mulally and a few other big gun car manufacturers were in attendance at the Auto Expo in New Delhi. As huge crowds thronged the show to gawk at the beauties on display (and not just the ones on wheels), they seemed to match the enthusiasm of car honchos like Mulally, who are looking upon India with fondness, terming it a \"tremendous market.\" While Mulally chose to launch his company's new SUV Eco Sport here - before it made its debut in about 100 markets across the world - others like Nissan , BMW, Audi, Mini and Jaguar unveiled their new vehicles to rapturous audiences.Most of these cars would be on the roads in a few years' time. Auto enthusiasts are delighted but many are already dreading the havoc that additional vehicles will create on India's already over-stretched roads. In an ominous sign of things to come, it suddenly became very hard to drive around, the week the Auto Expo came to Delhi. This, when only a 100 people per thousand own cars in Delhi. \"Imagine what it'll be like when we get to 450 cars per thousand like in the West,\" says Anumita Roychowdhury of the Centre for Science and Environment (CSE).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11493296", "title": "Plans to beef up PDS", "text": "KOLKATA: In a need to step up food procurement and public distribution system (PDS) in the state, Union food secretary Bhusan Kumar Gupta met state chief secretary Samar Ghosh at Writers' Buildings on Saturday to take stock of the present system.\"A financial self-sustainability initiative will be taken to increase godown capacity. Work will be done through a private firm. Also, talks were held to expedite computerization of the PDS,\" the chief secretary said. Ghosh added that decentralizing the system was also discussed.Gupta said that discussions were held on food procurement, preservation and PDS system in the state. The union food secretary said paddy has been procured from about 500 primary agricultural cooperatives in the state.The number could be increased in an organized way.Also, farmers could be paid a 2.5 % commission to directly procure paddy from PACs. NABARD can also come forward in this initiative.Gupta also said storage facilities could be set up at the block level so that the problem of godown shortage does not occur.Chief secretary Samar Ghosh said that three issues were primarily discussed.Also, additional outlets have been opened in Jangalmahal to monitor distribution of rice at Rs 2 per kilogram.The state food department has been working to revamp and upgrade the state's PDS system.Besides, the government has received reports of farmers' suicides but has no confirmation whether the farmers who took their lives bore the burden of loans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11495130", "title": "Senior citizen dies in freak accident", "text": "NASHIK: In a freak accident, a 61-year-old man died after being strangulated when the scarf he was wearing got entangled in the blades of a table fan, police sources informed.According to police, Shahjad Ali Gabrail Ali, staying at Azad Nagar, Satpur-Ambad Link Road was walking in his house in the morning around 7am on Saturday when the scarf that he was wearing around his neck got entangled with the blades of the table-fan kept in the room.He was drawn towards the fan and fell down, having lost his balance. As the scarf tightened around his neck, he started suffocating. His relatives quickly rescued him and rushed him to National Hospital located at Sanjeev Nagar in the Pavan Nagar area. Dr B B Sali from National Hospital informed the Ambad police that the patient had, however, succumbed to injuries while being treated, a police source said.A case of accidental death has been registered by the Ambad police in the case, the sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11501877", "title": "Degree colleges start preparing for exam", "text": "KANPUR: The degree colleges affiliated to Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University have started preparations for conducting the yearly examinations for 2011-12 academic session.This year, CSMU has changed the format of the bar coding of the answer booklets. The change has been done to make the process of coding and decoding of the bar codes of answer booklets easy. The students session would not be given B copies.The authorities of CSMU said that the answer booklets would be printed in smaller size as compared to the last academic session. Also, marks chart would be drawn on the right hand side of the booklet.The yearly examinations would commence from mid-March and students enrolled in the regular courses would be appearing in it. Around 7 lakh regular students will appear.Some 50 lakh answer booklets would be required this year for the regular students. The answer copies for the practical examinations would be separate. The students will not get the B answer sheets. Therefore, they will be required to write on the A booklet only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11495099", "title": "Fracture Gang storms Odhav thrashes traders, policemen", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a scene straight out of a Bollywood masala flick where five goons stormed market of Arbudanagar in Odhav and assaulted local traders and two constables on Thursday night. The incident sparked protest among traders as they observed bandh on Friday.Police said that the goons were members of the Fracture Gang. Eyewitnesses said the gangsters randomly started targeting shops, picking up delicacies from a roadside eatery for free and beating up traders who dared to defy them.Armed with swords, hockey sticks and lathis, the goons unleashed such a terror that about 200 shops in the market downed their shutter in a matter of minutes. Two constables from Odhav police station - Dharmendrasinh Waghela and Rajendrasinh Zala - were beaten up by the gang members when they arrived at the scene after one of the traders called up the city police control room.The constables relayed the message to the police station after which a team of 50 policemen came to their rescue and chased the gang members away. Two of the gangsters, Suresh Goswami and Santosh Yadav alias Guru, were nabbed by the cops.Senior police officials rushed to the spot after the news late on Thursday night and mounted vigil for the accused in the case. Parixita Rathod, deputy commissioner of police, Zone V, was not available for comment. C N Rajput, assistant commissioner of police, I Division, told TOI that the manhunt for other Fracture Gang members is on. \"We have got names of the accused involved in the incident. However, it appears to be a solitary incident quite different from regular activities of the gang,\" he said.There were rumours that Odhav police station inspector J H Panchal was transferred due to pressure from the traders' lobby. However, when Panchal was contacted by TOI late on Friday night, he denied having received any order in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11495992", "title": "Charred body found in Bhanja Vihar", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The charred body of a former student of Berhampur University was recovered from the varsity campus. The body of the deceased, Dusmant Kumar Sahu (26), a biotechnology student during 2007-09, was found in a thatched house and sent for post mortem on Saturday.The house had been unauthorizedly constructed by a research scholar, who was taken some land on lease for farming. Police said Sahu was staying in the house along with the research scholar two days before his death. \"We suspect Sahu has burnt himself alive by pouring kerosene,\" said sub-divisional police officer (Sadar) Pandav Mohanty. During the incident, the research scholar S S Badaraita was not in the house, police said.The deceased is the son of Niranjan Sahu of Kalamba village within Polasara police limits. His father, a contractor, however alleged that his son was burnt alive by miscreants. He has lodged an FIR with police. \"The incident should be properly investigated,\" said Niranjan Pradhan, MLA (Polasara).Meanwhile, the university authorities have ordered demolition of the unauthorized construction. \"We will review unauthorized constructions inside the campus and leasing out of unused lands for farming very soon,\" vice-chancellor of Berhampur University J K Mohapatra said.He said some years ago some unused land was leased out to the temple by the syndicate for farming. The temple committee had sub-leased it to a research scholar for farming. \"We will take proper action,\" the VC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11492505", "title": "IAF lift Vayusena cricket title", "text": "NAGPUR: Vidarbha glovesman Anirudha Chore's brilliant century went in vain as Indian Air Force (IAF) beat Ruby Cricket Club by 53 runs to reign supreme in the Vayusena Challenge Cup Cricket Championship at Maintenance Command Cricket Ground on Saturday.Hosts IAF, after being put in to bat, posted a challenging 285 for the loss of seven wickets in their stipulated 50 overs. After the fall of early wickets, Devendra Israni (67; 74b, 4x4) and SR Swain (63; 69b, 3x4) added 122 runs for the fifth wicket to lay a solid platform. Aman Kumar's scintillating 21-ball 49 powered IAF towards the end. Kumar's innings had nine boundaries. For Ruby, Amit Kunjan took three wickets while Aditya Patil, Sachin Katare and Ankit Tiwari got one each.In reply, Ruby were in a spot of bother by losing their first three wickets for 60 runs. However, Chore and Azhar Sheikh got together for a 74-run stand. Chore went on to compile a splendid century with nine boundaries while Sheikh made 26 off 42 balls. Rest did not click as Ruby could only manage 232 for nine in their 50 overs. IAF's Ashuthosh Aman claimed two wickets for 21.Ruby's Gaurav Upadhyaya was adjudged 'best batsman' and 'player of the tournament' while IAF's Aman was 'best bowler'.Air Marshal Naresh Verma, AVSM VSM Director General Works and Ceremonials, was the chief guest for the prize distribution function. The event was attended by Air Marshal Jagdish Chandra, AVSM VSM Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Sharmila Chandra, president AFWWA (R) and Air Marshal S Sriram, Senior Maintenance Staff Officer and chairman of the organizing committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11495105", "title": "Doctors protest murder of TNTN anaesthetist", "text": "NASHIK: A section of doctors sported black ribbons on Saturday to protest against the murder of an anaesthetist.Denouncing the murder of a 55-year-old lady anaesthetist T Sethulakshmi, on January 3, by an armed autorickshaw driver in Tuticorin, Tamil Nadu, 130 anaesthetists from Nashik city sported black ribbons on Saturday to draw attention of the government and society.They pointed out that there were only two cases per 10,000 in which some complications developed in the patient due to anaesthesia. They were joined by another set of 80 anaesthetics in the district. The Indian Society of Anaesthologists, Nashik unit president, Dr Shirish Deo, said treatments are based on clinical trials to make it as safe as possible. Yet in rare cases, the medicine may react leading to serious complications, he said. pointing out that an anaesthetist was the person who critically balanced and maintained all important parameters of life including heart and blood pressure during surgeries. \"In such cases, it is very important for society to understand the issue and the government to protect the medical professionals against such attacks,\" Dr Deo said.The rate of such incidents is between 2.4 and 3.5 per 10,000 among the patients and is 49.3 per 10,000 in the newborns, said Dr Pankaj Gupta, immediate past president of Indian Medical Association. However, the doctors carried out their daily routines across the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11497951", "title": "Manic Street Preachers to perform again", "text": "Manic Street Preachers will still play live in 2012.The 'A Design for Life' group had planned to go on an indefinite hiatus after a huge show at London's the O2 last December - in which they performed their last 38 singles - but now admit they are planning to take to the stage in other parts of the world.Bassist Nicky Wire said: \"We'll be doing small bits, obviously, in places you go less.\"You've still got to satisfy fans' needs so there'll be little gigs around the rest of the world.\"In terms of the UK we just need to slip into our own mind, into our studio, but we're not really going to be taking a break from music.\"While the band won't play any 'proper' shows in Britain, Nicky concedes he will make good on his promise to perform on the day of Queen Elizabeth's Diamond Jubilee this year so he doesn't have to witness any celebrations.He joked: \"[It would be] just to avoid having to listen to Prince Philip for an hour.\"He added to NME magazine: \"Even if we just busk on the streets in Blackwood [South Wales], we could do that. But as far as proper gigs in the UK, we said we'd go away and we will.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11493346", "title": "Willy says Tulio can contest from any other party", "text": "PANAJI: All India Trinamool Congress (TMC) state president Wilfred de Souza said there was nothing wrong with him and his son-in-law Tulio de Souza being in different parties.He was replying to a query by mediapersons over whether Tulio would contest the election on a TMC ticket.He further went on to say that since he took over as state president of the TMC, he has not meet Tulio or spoken to him. Tulio is with the Congress and has applied for a ticket to contest from Saligao constituency.De Souza said that he would contest the election if required. \"We will give the people an alternative to the corrupt Congress and the communal BJP,\" he said. Sources said that his eyes are set on Aldona constituency. Two villages-Bastora and Ucassaim-which were part of his Saligao constituency and his support base, now come under Aldona constituency.De Souza also announced the temporary executive committee of the TMC-Fatima D'Sa as the vice-president, John Martin D'Costa as general secretary and Cosme Rui D' Souza as treasurer.Stating that the TMC has begun discussions with small regional parties to form an alliance for the assembly election, de Souza said, \"We have started talks with Goa Rajiv Congress party president Fernando D'Souza over joining or merging with the TMC.\"De Souza formed the Goa Rajiv Congress party in 1999 after he left the Congress. He contested 14 seats during the 1999 assembly polls and the party won two seats-De Souza in Saligao and Francis D'Souza in Mapusa. Later, de Souza joined the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Francisco D'Souza joined the Congress briefly before leaving the party for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11495100", "title": "Pilgrims throng Kangra temple for glimpse 17-quintal butter idol", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The tradition of making a butter idol from ghee made after washing it 108 times in the holy water purified with chanting of 'mantras' on the annual festival of Makar Sakranti that started at Brajeshwari Devi temple in Kangra on Saturday has attracted a large number of pilgrims from all over the country, despite the prevailing cold conditions in northern India.The temple is among one of the 52 Shakti Peeths of the country. The celebration of Makar Sakranti with the construction of a butter idol on the 'pindi' of the goddess with quintals of ghee sets this temple apart from others on this occasion.A week-long festival started in Kangra on Saturday. The butter idol would be made by 20 priests in 12 hours and it would be decorated with dry fruits. The idol would be completed in the wee hours of Sunday morning.\"Legend has it that when the goddess was injured during a fight with demons, butter was applied on her wounds on Makar Sankranti by gods who treated her. Devotees from all over the country donate ghee for this purpose and temple priests with a specific technique (by washing ghee with water 108 times) convert it into butter,\" said Umesh Sharma, a senior priest of the temple.He added that the process of washing and purifying the ghee started a week.Temple officer, Pawan Phatial said that the idol of butter weighing 17 quintals would be made by 20 priests. \"The process of making butter for the idol started on January 6 and got completed on Saturday. The butter would remain on the \"pindi\" for one week and would be removed on January 20,\" he said. The butter, when removed from the \"pindi\", would be distributed as \"prasada\" among devotees, which is reportedly good for treating chronic skin ailments and joint pains, he said.Thousands of pilgrims from across the country started thronging the temple town since Saturday morning to pay obeisance at the Brajeshwari Devi temple here and to have a glimpse of preparation of the 17-quintal butter idol on the \"pindi\" of the goddess.Late evening reports revealed that about 1,000 pilgrims paid their obesiance at the temple on Saturday, while the religious function was to continue for the whole night and more pilgrims were expected to reach here to attend the celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11496300", "title": "Fish prices soar on Bihu eve", "text": "GUWAHATI: On the occasion of Uruka ahead of Bhogali Bihu, fish prices in the city markets have skyrocketed, but if the flow of customers is any indication, the soaring prices have failed to discourage Guwahatians.On Saturday, prized catches from various places were pouring in the Guwahati market. The price of Chital, the delicious fish that is an integral part of the traditional feast in Assam, soared as high as Rs 1000 in the centuries-old Uzanbazar fish market. But that hardly mattered to the buyers, it seemed. People were seen standing in queues since 3 in the morning. Local varieties of fishes were also in demand. The star attraction was a 15-kg Chital fish procured by a fisherman from Maligaon.While Aari fish was priced at Rs 500-550 per kg, Rohu was selling between Rs 300 and 350. Borali and Bhokua, two other popular varieties were selling at Rs 450 and 400 respectively.State minister for fisheries Basanta Das also paid a visit to the Uzanbazar market, the first choice for the fish buyers.\"Fish price this Uruka was not as high as last year. Overall, we can say it was a fish-flood here at the Uzanbazar market,\" said Bhaskar Das, the secretary of the local fish traders' committee at Uzanbazar fish market.Santanu Saikia, a resident of Silpukhuri in the city, expressed happiness over the availability of fish, but urged the concerned authorities to regulate the prices.\"I bought Chital at a price of Rs 700 per kg. Every year we eat Chital on Uruka and Bhogali Bihu. But considering the price in the last few years, I believe many middle class families have kept out Chital and Aari from their menu. As these fishes are inseparable from the feast on Uruka, I would like to urge the concerned authorities to regulate the prices,\" said Saikia, who works at a private company in the city.In the afternoon, the price of Chital and other local varies of fishes reduced marginally. In the Paltanbazar fish market, the price of Chital came down to Rs 500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "11496321", "title": "Arunachal launches scheme for TB patients", "text": "Itanagar: Arunachal Pradesh has become the first state in the northeast to launch the Directly Observed Treatment Plus Services (DOTS), meant for the treatment of Multi Drug Resistant (MDR) TB Patients. The service was launched at the DOTS Plus Site in Arunachal State Hospital, Naharlagun, on Friday, official sources said.The programme was inaugurated by the state director of health services Dr K Nishing, who administered DOTS Plus ( CAT-IV) medicine to two MDR patients admitted to the newly constructed DOTS Plus Ward of the hospital.This service will be introduced in Assam, Manipur and Sikkim soon. With this, MDR (TB) patients will get the benefit of free check-ups and DOTS Plus medicines for 24 to 27 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11488498", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan, Ranbir to host 57th Idea Filmfare Awards", "text": "SRK and Ranbir have been paired together to host the 57th Idea Filmfare awards 2011 this year .There are awards and then there is Filmfare. The premium film magazine's award show is something else. If you are featured on Filmfare, you have arrived they say.The prominent award show began in 1954. The awards get widely noticed for its sheer star presence and long-standing association with Hindi cinema.The hosts of Filmfare are often quirky, cheeky and fun! They amuse the audience with their mad antics. They take healthy digs at their contemporaries and nominees thus keeping everyone glued to their seats.It was Shah Rukh and Saif who got the ball rolling. Soon after, the younger generation took over with Ranbir and Imran playing the perfect hosts.Filmfare will happen on 29th of January at the Film City this year for which Shah Rukh and Ranbir have been zeroed in as hosts.\"Yes Ranbir and Shah Rukh will be hosting Filmfare this year. The script etc hasn't been finalized as yet\" said our source working closely on the awards.Apparently Imran Khan was also approached for the same but since he may be in New York on 29th, he let the offer pass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "teens held ", "code": "11493708", "title": "2 teenagers arrested on robbery, snatching charges", "text": "Teens held : Two teenagers were arrested for their alleged involvement in two cases of robbery and snatching.Irfan Siddiqui and Manoj were arrested from Mehrauli in south Delhi and police recovered a stolen mobile, SIM card and a button-actuated knife from the teenagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "sabarimala", "code": "11500017", "title": "Kerala to upgrade Sabarimala infrastructure", "text": "SABARIMALA: Chief minister Oommen Chandy will convene a meeting on January 31 to discuss the various measures to be taken for the smooth conduct of the annual pilgrimage to Sabarimala.Addressing a press conference on Sunday, Devaswom minister V S Sivakumar said the meeting would take stock of the measures taken, apart from framing plans to ensure that there would be no last minute rush.Sivakumar said the chief minister has assured that money would not be a constraint to improve infrastructure at Sabarimala. The focus will be on ensuring that the pilgrims will have comfortable transportation and darshan at the temple, without any overcrowding. The waste management plans would be given top-most priority. Additional queue systems, prasadam counters and more exit routes for pilgrims would be implemented soon, he added.Steps to provide land to Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka in order to provide facilities for the pilgrims from those states are in final stages. Discussions are also in progress with Tamil Nadu in this regard, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11494323", "title": "Railway station TV shows porn, 1 held in Orissa", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: In a shocking incident, as many as 24 television sets in the railway station in Bhubaneswar showed an obscene film for about 10 minutes, for which one person was arrested on Saturday, police said.\"The incident occurred at around 3.30 pm, when obscene video clippings ran for about 10 minutes in all TV sets simultaneously at platforms, waiting rooms and reservation counters,\" Baruna Behera, inspector of railway protection force (RPF) said, adding that the television operator was immediately arrested.Asutosh Swain (21) of a private organisation, confessed to the crime, Behera said, adding that he uploaded certain obscene scenes from his mobile phone to the main channel of the railway television server.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11501341", "title": "205 canines take part in dog show", "text": "PATNA: A total of 205 dogs of 25 breeds from across the city participated in the dog show organized by the Canine Club of Bihar (CCB) on the Veterinary College campus here on Sunday. The show was inaugurated by Justice NP Singh. CCB has been regularly organizing dog shows in the city since 1996.Adick, a dog of German Shepherd breed, owned by Rajeev Chatterjee, was awarded the first prize in the 'Best in show' category in 'All Breed Championship Dog Show, 2012'. Under the same category, Tyson, a dog of Newfoundland breed, owned by Santosh Kumar, was awarded second prize and Austin, a dog of Golden Retriever breed, owned by Pratyakh Jha, was awarded the third prize.Robo, a dog of Boxer breed, owned by Mohan Singh , was awarded first prize in obedience category for puppies. Bullet of German Shepherd breed, owned by Dr Mala Srivastava, was awarded the second prize. Under the same category of obedience for junior dogs, Rocky, a dog of Labrador breed, owned by Praveen Kumar, received the first prize, while the second prize was grabbed by Buddy, a Golden Retriever, owned by Sujeet Kumar Singh.Raja, a dog of Labrador breed, owned by Dr RP Tripathi, was the first prize winner under the senior obedience category, while Jenny, also a Labrador, owned by Sanjay Kumar Singh, won the second prize.Under senior category for obedience, Sheroo, a Labrador, owned by Justice NP Singh, was the first prize winner, while Bruno, also of Labrador breed, owned by Sambu Lama , was adjudged second. Praveen Kumar and Ravi Kumar were adjudged first and second best dog trainers.Highlights of the show were the rare breeds like Chihua - smallest dog, Rottweiler- the most dangerous dog, Pug - the most liked and dogs of some large breeds like St Bernard, Bull Mastiff, Nap Mastiff and English Mastiff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11492041", "title": "'13/7 bomber's trail gone cold\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The movements of the suspected Zaveri Bazar bomb planter, who had driven into the area on a scooter, have only been traced till Mohammed Ali Road in south Mumbai. The bomber's trail has gone cold and cops are nowhere near cracking the case.The anti-terrorism squad (ATS) has no further leads about the suspect's whereabouts, said sources.\"The bomb planter is about 25 years old. He had driven an Activa scooter with an RDX bomb fitted to it into the area. He parked the scooter and left. We tracked him after going through hours of CCTV footage. His face couldn't be seen clearly in some of the initial footage. The grabs we went through later showed him clearly. The suspect knew the area well and walked through Pydhonie with ease. We traced his movement up to Mohammed Ali Road, but lost his track after that as there were no CCTV cameras,\" said a source in the ATS.The scooter used to plant the bomb belonged to a Gujarat trader who claimed his vehicle had been stolen. One of the trader's employee, Arjun Chaudhray, was detained for a month but subsequently released. Three powerful RDX bombs planted at Zaveri Bazaar, Opera House and in Dadar exploded on July 13, 2011, killing 27 and injuring hundreds.The ATS, which has interrogated over 1,500 people so far, is yet to make a breakthrough in the case. While there is no official confirmation about the outfit responsible for the blasts, the ATS claims it's the handiwork of Indian Mujahideen (IM).Source said the planter's photo has been shown to almost all IM suspects, including those who are lodged in jails and those who are out on bail. \"We have not detected the case yet and are working on it,\" said ATS chief Rakesh Maria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11497720", "title": "Mayawati describes Election Commission officials as anti-dalits", "text": "LUCKNOW: Finally breaking her silence on the controversy over covering of her statues and that of elephants in dalit memorials on the order of the Election Commission (EC), UP chief minister Mayawati on Sunday devoted much of her birthday speech to hit out at EC officials.She said that EC's decision to cover statutes in dalit memorial built by her government was one-sided and unfair. Unlike the grand celebrations on her birthdays in previous years, this time the event was a low-key affair because of election code of conduct. However, Mayawati used the opportunity to launch her election campaign by declaring the list of candidates for the elections to be held in February.Mayawati said that the elephants in dalit memorial are in welcome posture with their trunk upside while BSP's symbol is elephant with trunk down. The Commission deemed the elephants in the memorial to be BSP's symbol on the complaint of opposition parties without giving her party a chance to put its defence. She also said, when BSP lodged official protest with the EC, the latter has struck back by issuing a notice to the party with a threat to freeze BSP's symbol. She said that this reflects anti-dalit mindset of not only opposition parties, Central government but also of the people in the EC.Regarding installation of her statues in dalit memorials, Mayawati said that it is as per the will of BSP founder late Kanshiram. \"Mananiya Kanshiram ji wanted my statue on his side to be installed in dalit memorial,\" she said. Covering of statues and anti-dalit attitude of the opposition parties and the EC has filled dalits with anger in the state and they will give a befitting reply to everyone in the coming assembly elections.However, with sarcasm Mayawati also said that the controversy generated by the EC's order on covering her statues and that of elephants in the dalit memorials has given huge publicity to her and her party's symbol. \"We got publicity worth crores of rupees free of cost,\" she said. In a similar vein she thanked media of fanning the controversy. However, at a serious note, she said that EC should also clarify its stand on the park built on thousands of acres of land in Chandigarh, capital of Punjab, where Congress government has installed a huge memorial in the form of a 'revolving 45 feet tall hand weighing 50 tonne'. Congress' symbol is hand and Punjab is also going to poll, hence EC should also cover the hand installed in the part, she said.\"Also, the posture of the hand of many Hindu gods and goddesses is also similar to Congress's symbol. Many idols of Hindu gods and goddess have been installed in temples built by government and non-government organisations on government and non-government land,\" she said. \"Similarly, lotus flower (BJP's symbol) is widely used by Hindus for worship. The flower is also used in poojas held at the inaugural ceremonies of many government programmes, hence EC should also clear its stand on the issue. Further, the election symbol of RLD is hand pump which has been installed all over the state with public money,\" she said.Mayawati said that she has given tickets to clean candidates this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11492013", "title": "27-year-old man arrested on money swindling charges", "text": "COIMBATORE: City police on Saturday arrested a 27-year-old man on swindling charges.According to police, A Mahendran was a cashier with a private firm that dealt with filling money in HDFC Bank ATMs across the city. From October 2011 to January 2012, while going to drop money in the HDFC ATMs, Mahendran put some amount in his hand bag. He swindled money to the tune of Rs 25 lakh during this period.Later, the bank found out about the cheating and informed the higher authorities at the firm. K Siva Kumar (32), the branch manager of the private firm lodged a complaint with Ramanathapuram police station.Police arrested Mahendran on Friday evening. They said, Mahendran completed his BBA and joined the company as a cashier in April 2011. Later, he knew about the money filling method in the ATMs and swindled. At present, police have been able to seize Rs 2,000 from Mahendran as he had spent the rest of the money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11493273", "title": "\u2018Only 10% grads employable\u2019", "text": "PUNE: Chairman of the National assessment and accreditation council ( Naac) executive committee Goverdhan Mehta has called for innovative approach towards raising employability of graduates passing out of the universities with traditional arts, commerce and science degrees.\"We need out-of-the-box thinking approach to tackle the issue, considering that barely 10% of the 30 lakh students, who pass with these degrees every year, are considered employable in today's competitive world,\" he said at the 105th convocation ceremony of the University of Pune (UoP) on Saturday. Officiating vice-chancellor Sanjay Chahande presided over the ceremony.Mehta, also a noted scientist and former director of the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, said apt emphasis needs to be put on blending skills with education for employment, entrepreneurship development, knowledge and creation of wealth.\"The prevailing higher education system needs to be more flexible in terms of adapting to the modern day changes,\" he said. \"Promoting liberal education can be a good alternative in this direction to help the system come out of an age-old structured format,\" he said. \"Inter-disciplinary studies should be taken by students instead of going for traditional studies,\" he added.Earlier, Chahande said the university is taking efforts to promote value-based education, which is critical to the development of students.He said, changes are required in several areas for the UoP to keep pace with other competing universities. For instance, the exam department needs various reforms and the university has already launched some of these reforms to see that the department's work is flawless. A students' facilitation centre is also being established, he added.Ganesh Shinde, a student from Sangamner in Ahmednagar district, won the coveted 'President Dr Shankar Dayal Sharma gold medal' for the overall best student in terms of academics and extra-curricular activities. Pune university student Sachin Pawar and Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University student Satish Deshpande were felicitated for winning the first two prizes, respectively, at the inter-university debate contest named after former state governor P C Alexander.In all, 62,103 students had enrolled for the convocation ceremony and were awarded graduate and post-graduate degrees. This included PhDs to 310 students and gold medals to 72 students.Registrar of UoP Manikrao Jadhav, director of UoP's board of college and university development W N Gade, deans of various faculties and other senior officials from the university were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11494024", "title": "Solid waste plant hits roadblock", "text": "NOIDA: Noida Authority's long standing plan to set up a solid waste management plant, the first in the city, has run into trouble yet again. Residents living in Sector 122 - the proposed site for the plant - feel that the plant will lead to multiple problems like overbearing stench and an unpleasant view.In November last year the Authority had zeroed in on Sector 123 as the final site for the plant, but the location had to be changed to a 25-acre plot in Sector 122 following protests from residents of a group housing society in Sector 123.The plan is in limbo at least till the Assembly elections are over. The Authority claims to have already invited a Request For Proposal for the development of the plant. \"We had invited RFPs from interested parties in November. The plant will have a capacity of treating around 300 to 500 metric tonnes of waste, including bio-medical and industrial waste. The latest site for the plant had been identified in Sector 122 but the residents are against it,\" a Authority official said. \"A preliminary survey suggests that the site can now be shifted to an eight hectare vacant plot in Sector 123. A final decision can be taken only after the polls,\" he added.The Authority is responsible for collection of waste from residential, commercial and industrial areas, but as of now, mostly rag pickers shoulder this responsibility. Although a \"detailed garbage collection, segregation and treatment plan\" has been in line for over two years now, the city is yet to have a designated site for disposing off the 300 tonnes of municipal waste that it produces each day.Once the plant is in place, the Authority is planning to introduce a door-to-door segregated garbage collection system. The collected garbage will be taken to a secondary collection centre and will be treated at the proposed plant, officials say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11493525", "title": "Policing hit by election duty", "text": "PANAJI: Elections 2012 have taken a toll on the Goa police force. The demand from the election commission for PSIs to be posted with flying squads has left three police stations in North Goa without PSIs, several with just one PSI, and absurdly, in South Goa, while there are just 26 PSI posts 34 have been assigned poll duty.The result: crime detection has dropped completely in the last one week, with barely any detection in major crimes such as kidnappings and thefts, say police sources. Head constables have been asked to attend to complainants in place of PSIs.\"A police station normally receives at least five non-cognizable complaints, 2-3 missing complaints, 1-2 motor vehicle accident cases and several RTI and other applications everyday. With most PSIs withdrawn for election duty, we are registering complaints but investigations are held up as there is not enough staff,\" said an officer. A PSI is expected to be present in the police reporting room 24x7. They normally work in shifts.Alarmed with the situation , the two district SPs raised the matter with their seniors at a meeting called by DGP Kishan Kumar at police headquarters on Friday evening. \"It was decided at the meeting that in order to ensure regular crime investigation is not affected we will rope in staff from the central pool, such as the Indian Reserve Battalion, for election-related work,\" a senior official who was present at the meeting told STOI.The EC has sought 66 PSIs-32 or 39 in the North and 34 of 26 in the South-to be posted with the flying squad under each police station. These squads have to track poll-related violations, including illegal cash transactions and distribution of liquor or any other item to bribe voters. The PSIs are also being posted with the static surveillance team that will man checkposts to keep an eye out for large quantities of cash, illegal liquor, arms or any suspicious item in the area.The poll duty has left Old Goa, Pernem and Agasaim police stations sans their PSIs, while Panaji is working with just one PSI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11493270", "title": "Local classes brace up to Bansal challenge", "text": "NAGPUR: Competition to crack the IIT-JEE is now part of the contemporary education folklore, but the focus has now shifted to the competition among coaching centres. For the last decade the quaint laidback, but very much result-oriented, IIT coaching scenario in Nagpur has undergone major changes. While the competition among local institutes was already very high, the situation has heated up with the entry of big national names. Local institutes, however, say that the city has its own needs and requirements which cannot be fulfilled by someone from outside.Rajnikant Bondre, who runs Sneha Classes, said, \"For the national names the Nagpur centre is just another franchise and they will never bring their main faculty here. Adding franchisees across the country just adds up in their balance sheet, but I don't think it will benefit students too much. If you pull up the statistics for IIT results then it will be clear that on a ratio-proportion basis both national and local institutes perform almost the same. If 200 of their students crack IIT then two of ours will do as well, and it is proportionate to the total enrolment.\"The biggest brand now entering the city is Bansal Classes from Kota and this clearly created a flutter. Though their classes will be starting only for the 2012-13 academic session they have already set up shop in the city. The Kota-based classes have tied up with the Upadhyaya family which manages Centre Point Group of Schools.However, Sarang Upganalwar from ICAD feels that Nagpurians are very choosy when it comes to coaching institutes. \"I would not like to comment specifically on Bansal Classes, but I have an opinion on the mindset of local students. Students here will not join any classes before they see some solid results for the last couple of years,\" said Upganalwar.He also stressed the needs of students from the region are different to those elsewhere. Upganalwar said, \"There is no doubt that national institutes can deliver results but there cannot be a one-size fits all format. Students of Std XI who come to us have spent their last 10 years in either the state board, CBSE or ICSE. So their learning and exposure level is different. We have to then plan out our strategy keeping all those things in mind\"He added that student from Chandrapur or Amravati will be different from Nagpur in many ways, and the coaching institute has to change tactics continuously. \"For a national institute they cannot allow their centre heads to change the format overnight. They will have to follow a set pattern as per the corporate policy across the country. The first two-three months are very crucial and every coaching institute must understand the need of its students and deliver. Local institutes can afford to do that, national ones can't,\" Upganalwar said.Some IIT coaching centre owners refrained from speaking on record as they felt their comments would be construed as against the Bansal Classes chain. One of the owners of a popular centre, said, \"It is a horses for courses policy. In Nagpur students come with a predetermined mindset and we have now honed that skill to channelize their energy in the right direction. No matter how established a coaching centre is, it will be difficult to adapt to local needs.\"In response, PK Bansal, CEO, Bansal Classes said, \"I am not sure how the regional factor would play a role in a pan-India exam. Nevertheless, I will answer point by point. First about students here coming from various boards, so that happens at Kota too. We have students coming from Rajasthan Board, Punjab Board etc hence we have been tackling them. Secondly though our study material is standardized for every centre, we have been producing results for a long time. For almost three decades we have been in this business so I don't think it will be an issue at all. Lastly, I would just let the results speak for themselves,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11492325", "title": "Man done to death by wife's family", "text": "A man was allegedly murdered by members of his wife's family at Gopalreddy Nagar, Kondapur, on Friday night. They smashed his head with a boulder. The Madhapur police said that the relationship between Mohammed Javed, 32, and his wife Fatima soured several months ago. \"Javed used to come home drunk and quarrel with his wife regularly,'' police said. A case was registered. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "11497148", "title": "His favourite pastime has wings", "text": "BRS NAGAR: The first thing that comes to the mind of Pritam Singh, 64, in the morning, is to meet the 50 love birds he keeps in his backyard.He has had these birds in his house for the past six years and takes care of them like they are his children. He feeds them and provides water to them twice in a day. Now he has a strong bond with the birds and can even sense when they are not feeling well, says Singh. Singh said his children also spend a lot of time with the birds.Pritam Singh, 64, has a strong bond with 50 love birds that live in his backyard. \"I had brought two pairs of love birds from the market and gradually their number reached 50. Some more chicks would start chirping in the next few days,\" he stated.Singh used to work as a transporter earlier. \"I resided in Kolkata when I ran my business. After I retired, we shifted here an I spend most of my time with these birds now,\" he said. The birds often get quarrelsome and at such a time, Singh has to use special tactics to get the to behave. He takes out the \"angry bird\" from the cage and keeps it separate from others. \"I keep that bird away for two or three days to give it a lesson that it should not fight. After that it stops being aggressive. I never let these birds out in the open because then they try to fly away and some crow or other bird could eat them,\" said Singh. He said earlier he had also kept rabbits in his house, but now he had just the birds and a pair of pugs, Diana and Noddy.Pritam's daughter Gagan stated, \"My father takes a lot of care of these birds and they too love him. They always respond to his calls and always communicate to him when there is an emergency.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11492387", "title": "True Brit", "text": "Mention the British in pre-independence India and colourful stories of brute authoritarianism and exploitation, which have been passed on through generations of history textbooks, come to mind. But a motley group of historians toiling away in the dusty chambers of the Asiatic Society of Mumbai might well force us to rethink our blanket perceptions.The historians are retracing the footsteps of several Englishmen who not only spent the better part of their lives on Indian soil but also significantly contributed to India's socio-cultural heritage. Unknown to most, these Brits nurtured indigenous Indian folklore, streamlined the education system and contributed to fields from iconography and epigraphy to numismatics. It was an Englishman, for instance, who laid the foundation of the country's first engineering college-others of his ilk set up an array of cerebral organisations like the literary, geographical and geological societies, all of which were born in the Asiatic's Town Hall but later merged with the Asiatic Society.Noted scholar Aroon Tikekar, who spearheaded the initiative to resurrect the work of these men and formally acknowledge it, recalls how he chanced upon many of them when he was doing research on nineteenth-century Maharashtra. \"There were some scholars associated with the Asiatic Society whose significant contribution to various fields is forgotten or not known,\" says Tikekar. He pertinently points out that British imperialism had many shades, and much of history eclipses the lives of scholars whose contributions, often under the aegis of the Asiatic Society of Mumbai, was purely a labour of love. \"Many of these scholars spent their entire careers or even their lives in India. Yet, they are known neither in British history nor in India since they are considered outsiders,\" points out Tikekar, who is currently the President of the Asiatic Society.Now, however, their work will remain unknown no more. For the past two months, these historians have been rummaging through dog-eared manuscripts and poring over tomes to unearth relics from a lost era. Their target is to bring out 100-page monographs over the next three years on the life and contribution of each of these Englishmen. The initial 25 monographs for the pre-nineteenth-century era will subsequently be extended to scholars from later periods, depending on the availability of resources.For many like retired history professor Usha Thakkar, who has always been fascinated by the history of western India during the nineteenth century, the project is exciting. \"When we talk of the Mumbai of tomorrow we speak of changing landscapes, populations and cultures in transition. But it is equally important to have a relook at history to know what made the city and its institutions,\" she says, underlining how the 200-year-old Asiatic Society, for instance, is in itself a monument of learning and knowledge. \"Many know of Mumbai's contribution to commerce but it has also made a landmark contribution to learning,\" she says. Thakkar will be documenting the work of William Erskine, who was the secretary of the then Bombay Literary Society.Another researcher and former president of the Indian History Congress, J V Naik, talks passionately about the subjects of his monograph-the Jervis brothers, George and Thomas. Naik retraces how George actually implemented the country's first educational policy in 1822. \"He started the first engineering college-Ganit Shilpa Vidyalaya-in 1823, and the first batch of six engineers who graduated four years later were known as 'surveyors and builders' at that time. Originally in Bombay's Fort area, the college was subsequently moved to Pune,\" says Naik, revealing how Jervis had insisted on Marathi being the medium of study, as he firmly believed that education could penetrate the masses only if it was imparted in the local language. \"Even the first certificates handed out were in Marathi,\" he says. George's brother, Thomas, is credited with a number of books, including a trignometrical survey of the Konkan belt and Weights and Measures of India, many of which are preserved in the Asiatic library.Other Englishmen too have left their distinct mark. Take J F Fleet, who was among the earliest epigraphists here to have substantially contributed to records of Indian history. He has left behind a voluminous collection of inscriptions about ruling dynasties in Karnataka, where he spent a long time. Closer home, he also took a keen interest in the ancient folk art of lavani. Another foreigner, an American with a penchant for the work of Marathi saint poets was Rev Dr Justin E Abbott. He translated the poetry of bards like Sant Tukaram and left behind money in his will for future such translations.These are only some of the personalities whose histories will be documented. Many such gems still await unearthing. As Tikekar puts it: \"They deserve to be remembered.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11493106", "title": "Stop match-fixing in Panaji, Surendra tells Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: Member of Goa Pradesh Congress committee and Panaji councillor Surendra Furtado has called upon opposition leader Manohar Parrikar not to indulge in \"match-fixing\" by meeting Congress friends at night, to ensure his own triumph in PanajiIn a press communique, Furtado said that Parrikar's efforts to ensure a \"walkover\" in Panaji by seeing to it that a \"weak candidate is fielded against him through some Congress friends proves that he is not a state leader\".\"Since he cannot win his own seat without match-fixing, as done in the past, he has in the process sacrificed half a dozen BJP seats,\" stated Furtado.Furtado recently joined Congress party after he quit Nationalist Congress Party in June 2009; Furtado is congress aspiring candidate to contest from Panaji constituency.Referring to Parrikar's statement admitting his \"mistake\" in withdrawing Good Friday as a public holiday, Furtado said his mortal sin cannot be forgiven with mere statements because these utterances have come on the eve of the forthcoming elections.While pointing out that Good Friday is a public holiday worldwide, Furtado said that Parrikar's double speak to wriggle out of a fix at this stage must also be seen in the backdrop of the controversial VCD controversy where the church was shown in poor light.When contacted, Parrikar declined to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11500204", "title": "Collective batting failure in Australia: Srikkanth", "text": "CHENNAI: The chairman of selection committee Krishnamachari Srikkanth on Sunday expressed huge disappointment on Indian team's dismal performance Down Under terming it as a collective batting failure.\"We are totally devastated. It is quiet disappointing in the manner we have played in Australia. Now sitting in Chennai, it is difficult for me to pinpoint a particular reason as to what went wrong. Definitely our batting has failed consistently throughout the series,\" Srikkanth told the mediapersons after announcing the team for the upcoming tri-series in Australia.Srikkanth was found wanting when scribes sought an elaborate explanation of causes that led to the team's failure. His answer was an inevitable one.\"It is the same problem that we had during the England series. In the last two series, the batsmen have struggled to find form. I agree that this defeat is saddening. Not because I am the chairman of selectors or an ex-cricketer. More so because I am an Indian,\" he said in a dejected tone.The former India captain predictably sidestepped the issue of whether seniors like VVS Laxman and Rahul Dravid need to be phased out after their poor show in Australia.\"Everybody can give any number of reasons as to why the team has done badly. But won't you guys agree with me that this was the best available team? I don't think that too much of a post-mortem would lead us anywhere,\" said Srikkanth, who tried to put up a brave front.The dashing opener of yesteryears seemed a touch miffed when someone popped a question as to whether the selection committee will also take the blame for such a debacle.\"If you people want me as the chairman of selection committee to take the blame upon myself, I am ready to do that. But will that solve the problem. You have guys who had scored 8000-10,000 runs in Test cricket and all of a sudden your top 6 recognised batsmen are failing together. You can't blame an individual for this. This is a collective failure,\" Srikkanth said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11486486", "title": "Bollywood's first divorce party in Jodi Breakers", "text": "For the first time, the Indian audience will witness a divorce party. Separation calls for celebration in Ashwini Chaudhary's Jodi Breakers, produced by Prasar Vision.\"Parting ways has always been considered a heartbreaking experience, but in Jodi Breakers we've given it a very humourous colour. Following his break up, the song Kunwara shows our lead actor Madhavan celebrating his single status once again. His friends have thrown a party in honour of his new-found freedom,\" says Chaudhary.The director has shot the song at different locations to capture the exuberance of bachelorhood.\"We wanted to capture the joy of liberation, as if a big burden has been lifted of his chest. To enhance it, we even shot a foam party sequence. The song has become a hot favourite with people, especially men who are so used to enjoying freedom,\" adds Ashwini. \"The trend of celebrating separation is looked upon with a different aspect today. It is no longer an embarrassment. In fact, I have friends who after separating have often had a pleasant meal at a resturant experiencing a sense of relief!\"Bhushan Kumar of T-Series says, \"I loved the Kunwara song the moment I heard it. It falls in the same category as Ainvayi Ainvayi from Band Baaja Baaraat. Salim-Suleiman, who not only scored the music but also sung it, have done full justice to the song. Irshad Kamil's lyrics are good.\"Parag Maniar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11496576", "title": "Patients\u2019 health at JP Hospital a click of mouse away", "text": "BHOPAL: Health of patients seeking treatment at government-run JP Hospital can now be tracked online with the launch of its website in the city on Saturday.The hospital in last year became the first government-run hospital in the state to order drugs online and commence biometric attendance of its employees.The website www.jphospital.org was launched by Bhopal commissioner Praveen Garg. Health commissioner JN Kansotiya and chief medical and health officer (CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shukla were also present on the occasion.JP hospital superintendent Dr Veena Sinha said, \"The idea is to provide information of patients and availability of beds at a given time. This transparency would serve patients and administration as well.\"CMHO Dr Shukla said, \"At any given point information about medical practitioners, bed occupancy, and medicine availability could be accessed by the public.\"\"It would help a patient reach concerned doctor in a hospital and know about various government schemes,\" he added.Commissioner Garg and senior health officials later visited the hospital and suggested to update information on OPD patients in the website.Currently, the website in Hindi, but would have an English interface in coming months, said hospital authorities.JP hospital superintendent Dr Veena Sinha said, \"The idea is to provide information of patients and availability of beds at a given time. This transparency would serve patients and administration as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11493113", "title": "Civic organization to launch awareness drive", "text": "PUNE: In an effort to increase the voting percentage in the civic elections scheduled for February 16, the Pune Vikas and Lokkalyan Samiti (PVLS), consisting of civic activists and former government officials, will launch a voter's awareness campaign.\"In the last few elections, including the Lok Sabha and assembly polls, the voting percentage was very low. So, we have joined hands to create awareness among citizens and convince them to vote. We are not against any party. We just want to increase the voting percentage so that good people represent city in the corporation,\" PVLS president Sudhir Mandke said.The PVLS plans to put hoardings across the city and also launch a media campaign. In the 2007 municipal polls, 27 corporators secured less than 15% votes and 77 corporators secured less than 25% votes. This means that, for the last five years, 104 out of the 144 corporators may have been elected in a fair fashion, but may not actually enjoy the support of the 'majority' voters. Only five corporators from actually managed to get more than 35% votes.Former divisional commissioner Sudhakar Joshi said that, besides politicians and civic administration, the third dimension of public should become strong in city. \"People's participation in the democratic process ensures good governance,\" he said.Former deputy director of police Shrikant Bapat, former IAS officer K K Naidu and others also addressed media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11499102", "title": "Sikh American elected mayor of historic US city", "text": "Charlottesville, Virginia, a historic city of more than 43,000 people and once the home of three US presidents - Thomas Jefferson , James Madison and James Monroe - now has a Sikh American mayor.Satyendra S Huja, initially elected to the Charlottesville City Council in 2007 and reelected in November 2011, was chosen mayor unanimously by the five-member city council on January 3. The term is for two years.\"It says something about a community, when they can elect somebody like me mayor,\" Huja told India-West. \"It shows that they respect diversity.\"As far as he knows, he added, he is one of only a few Sikh Americans in the city, located about 70 miles northwest of Richmond , Virginia, and 115 miles from Washington, DC Huja said that the Asian American population in Charlottesville is about four per cent.The president of planning and design firm Community Planning Associates, the new mayor before joining the council was director of strategic planning for Charlottesville from 1998-2004 and director of planning and community development for the city for 25 years prior to that.He is also adjunct faculty member at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville, where he teaches urban planning courses in the school of architecture.Asked about his campaign for re-election, Huja said the issues being debated included \"the quality of environment and the city's water system.\" He came down on the side of long-term planning, recommending a 50-year plan to safeguard the city's water supply.Huja finished first in the balloting, with three council members elected in a \"six or seven\" candidate race, he said.Huja's main issues of concern on the council have included energy conservation, initiating a \"dialogue on race,\" downtown revitalization and historic preservation.A member of the American Planning Association and American Institute of Certified Planners, he has served as a consultant to the city of Pleven, Bulgaria , on economic development and tourism.Born in Kohat in an Indian frontier province that is now part of Pakistan , Huja was raised in Uttar Pradesh. He came to the US in 1960 when he was 19 years old to pursue his education.The Indian American city planner received an undergraduate degree in urban planning from Cornell University . Indian industrialist Ratan Tata , whom he saw, but never met, on the campus at Cornell, was two years ahead of him, he said. Huja then received a master's degree in urban planning from Michigan State University .Huja told India-West that when he was 18 and about to come to America, his father told him two things. \"First, he told me to follow my religion. Second, he told me to participate in the community, wherever I settled. And the Sikh religion is very service-oriented.\"Courtesy: Richard Springer, India-West Staff Reporter", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11493515", "title": "Some fell from terrace, chasing kites", "text": "JAIPUR: The craze for kite-flying landed at least 60 people in hospitals in the city, most of them children, on Saturday.The patients came mostly from in and around Jaipur like Dausa, Chomu, Viratnagar and from the Walled City area.Out of them, 21 were admitted to the neurosurgery ward of SMS hospital while nearly 50 were discharged after giving first aid. Those who were admitted mostly fell from the terrace, chasing kites.A boy, Indrajeet, from Ranauli village, is admitted to the polytrauma ward of the SMS hospital with a broken leg. Abhishek, a 12-year-old resident of Vivek Vihar, was also admitted to the hospital with serious spinal cord injuries.He also fell from the terrace of the building.Mubina, a resident of Dausa, rushed her 9-year-old Shahzad to the SMS hospital, who fell from the terrace. He is undergoing treatment at neurosurgery ward. He sustained serious head injuries.Besides, an 11-year-old Irfan was rushed to the hospital in a serious condition when he fell from third floor of the building in Ghat Gate area. Riazuddin, uncle of Irfan said, \"Since morning he was on the terrace but he fell accidentally. He suffered serious internal injuries and is unconscious.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11493722", "title": "Start process to grant alternative plots: HC tells state govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The new year might turn out to be beneficial for those who are awaiting the grant of an alternative plot as their land was acquired by the government in 1970s. Recognizing their worsening plight due to delay and red tape - those who are still to see their plea for land processed - the Delhi high court has fixed a deadline of February 1, 2012, for the state government to begin the exercise of clearing land claims.The court has asked the government to hold meetings every fortnight beginning February 1 and start processing pleas in lots of hundreds, considering the large number of pending cases. It was hearing a batch of 25 cases where the petitioners, through lawyer R K Saini, informed HC how their land was acquired decades ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11494564", "title": "Zoo story - a beastly tale", "text": "Someone once said that a zoo is an excellent place to study human habits. But human habits, especially in India, can be strange and can turn these safe havens for animals into death traps.On January 3, a pack of stray dogs entered the enclosure for chinkaras (Indian gazelle) in Delhi zoo and killed four of them. A few months back, several black bucks - an endangered species - died in the same zoo after consuming contaminated water. Such incidents have been reported from most of India's 198 zoos. Just two months back, seven tiger cubs died at Nandankanan and Kanpur zoos. Five of them, shockingly, died of starvation.Animals die in zoos all over the world but rarely do they succumb to callousness of zoo authorities, or for that matter to mismanagement, lack of infrastructure and dearth of qualified personnel. So why does this happen in Indian zoos?Wildlife activist Himanshu Malhotra says that though there are Central Zoo Authority (CZA) guidelines for training of zoo keepers, rangers and guards, many are not up to the mark. Most are lowly paid and lack promotional incentives. Even the post of zoo director is headed by a bureaucrat, not an expert in animal biology. Of course, Abhay Kumar, director of Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park, Patna, claims most of his staff is trained. \"Guards pitch in as keepers, on the basis of their experience,\" he says. But that doesn't cut much ice with anyone.Take Arignar Anna Zoological Park, Vandalur, Tamil Nadu. It's a large zoo with 1,400 inmates but is managed by just 220 staff. The staff shortage has resulted in non-utilization of at least 25 enclosures and loss of animals. Recently, a Burmese python escaped from an enclosure and three sand boas were stolen.According to Maneka Gandhi, chairperson, People For Animals, an NGO, such zoos keep goats and camels to fill up the enclosures of exotic animals which have died. She says zoos don't just have ill-trained and unskilled manpower, they are severely understaffed.As for medical facilities, the less said the better. Despite CZA guidelines which require a 'large' category zoo to have at least two veterinary doctors, a biologist, a pathology lab and a hospital, the Kanpur Zoo with 1,300 inmates has only one full-time veterinary doctor. Even the Ranchi zoo - with more than 1,000 animals and birds - is handicapped by an ill-equipped hospital, an unmanned pathological laboratory, one veterinary doctor and an attendant on daily wages. Patna Zoo's only veterinary doctor, Ajit Kumar, confesses, \"In case of an emergency, we do feel the need for an extra doctor.\"The problem stems from the root - veterinary colleges. Dr A K Pruthi, dean, College of Veterinary Sciences, Hisar, says, \"Only three to four students out of the 100 passing out opt for zoos.\" And this is telling on the animals: of the 2,910 deaths reported during 2011, Gujarat topped the list with 380, followed by Karnataka at 354 and Maharashtra 242.B S Bonal, member secretary, CZA, agrees that staff and budget are the two main issues plaguing zoos, but says, \"We cannot always blame zoo authorities for deaths as these, at times, occur for nobody's fault.\"But there are stray pockets of sunshine. The concept of a zoo is gradually changing from a mere entertainment centre meant for the preservation and protection of animals to conservation and breeding of endangered species, says Bonal. Darjeeling's Padmaja Naidu Himalayan Zoological Park is already breeding red pandas. He also says the current year's animal mortality rate - 6.5 % - is below the previous year's 7-8%.Perhaps there's still hope that future generations will enjoy the wild.With Abhinav Malhotra, Kanpur; Himanshu Kaushik, Ahmedabad; Jaideep Deogharia, Ranchi; Parul Pandey, Patna; Ashok Pradhan, Bhubaneswar; and D Madhavan, ChennaiMaking sense, making profitBerlin Zoo | Between 2007 and 2010, it made millions through media campaign and merchandise sales London Zoo | It cut expenses by involving volunteers. In 2007, they gave around 80,000 hours of services saving \u00a3 650,000 in salaries Singapore Zoo | Apart from admission ticket, it generates revenue from catering, transport sales of photographs and animal rides", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11493532", "title": "CBI seeks FBI\u2019s help for DNA test on Bhanwari\u2019s remains", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI is leaving no stone unturned to ascertain the identity of Bhanwari Devi (36), the slain auxiliary nurse-cum-midwife, whose body parts were found in Rajiv Gandhi link canal in Jodhpur last week.Agency officials said her teeth, broken bones and skulls are being sent to the Federal Bureau of Investigation in the US for DNA test. Though the FBI has not committed to any timeframe, the results are likely to come soon.\"It will establish whether the teeth and bones we have recovered are of Bhanwari Devi's or not,\" said a senior officer.The agency had recovered several items, including a gunny bag, wrist watch, toe ring, nose pin, broken pieces of jewellery (including a pendant), charred bone pieces, five teeth, wooden bat and two country-made pistols apart from some clothes (which reportedly belong to accused Kailash Jakhar), during a four-day search in the Rajiv Gandhi link canal.CBI believes that all these recoveries form an important body of evidence. CFSL, Delhi is also conducting examination on these items, but senior officials have contacted the FBI to be doubly sure.Besides recoveries, the agency has recorded the statement of Farooq (Bhanwari's driver), under Section 164 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC), which is an important evidence against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11493728", "title": "Roused, stirred by R-Day bands", "text": "NEW DELHI: By the time it's January 26, the President and those living in the vicinity of India Gate would have heard the parade at least a dozen times. In the days leading up to it, the participants undergo vigorous practice sessions, starting under the cover of darkness. And considering that the sound of drums and the crash of cymbals, though faint, reach even Lodhi Garden, you have to wonder how the President gets any sleep. For the proceedings begin right in front of her residence - at Vijay Chowk.Bus-loads of our uniformed men (and the odd woman) start arriving when it is still dark - the moon almost a perfect circle now and the pre-dawn hours bitterly cold. It's not even 5.30am-there is not a soul in sight, even the most committed morning walkers are yet to show up. But Vijay Chowk is buzzing with activity.Soldiers are not bundled up like civilians; they start with a trot, weapons and all, to warm up. The bands-there are several-however, hang around Vijay Chowk for the longest time, tuning their instruments and practising in groups. You can hear them for miles.\"We don't need alarms for the days leading to Republic Day,\" says Manu Sharma, a resident of Sangli Apartments on Copernicus Marg. \"It's actually a nuisance in the mornings, and a few days before the 26th, they play desh bhakti ke geet at the crack of dawn. Even my friends at Bharati Nagar, near Khan Market, can hear them. So, you can imagine our state right here at India Gate.\" The music and the marching don't bother guests staying at a five-star hotel in the vicinity - perhaps insulated from the noise - but the testing of the cannon a couple of times before the parade alarms them. \"The guests ask us what the problem is. We keep quiet as these are national celebrations,\" says an employee of the hotel.Bagpipes (Assam Rifles) and brass bands (Railways is one of many) work individually but simultaneously, the rising crescendo of the mix heard over the rap of heels on the roads...\"ek-do(one-two)\" and shouts.By six, they are ready to get into formation and march down Rajpath. There is also the first hint of daylight. On a clear morning, the sounds travel uninterrupted. Morning walkers, who are already up, can watch the spectacle of soldiers emerging from the fog, with the bands playing in the backdrop. Meanwhile, many residents around India Gate begin stirring in their beds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "11494964", "title": "School van operators to go on strike in Ambala", "text": "AMBALA: Adding troubles for thousands of parents, who are already worried about safe travelling of their kids to schools, operators of school vans and auto-rickshaws in Ambala have decided to go on strike against guidelines issued by the administration after the bus mishap which claimed lives of 13 kids recently.The operators have declared they would not return to work until the administration gives them relaxation in the instructions. Around 15,000 kids will be affected due to the ongoing tussle between the administration and operators.The School Van Ekta Union, Ambala, provides service of 350 small and large school vans in city and surrounding areas. Apart from this, around 1,000 auto-rickshaw owners involved in ferrying students have among announced to join hands for the strike. \"It's not practical to issue so many instructions to the operators. It will be a costly affair for us,\" said Sukhvinder Singh, president of the union.Meanwhile, Ambala deputy commissioner Shekar Vidyarthi said, \"I have conveyed to the van operators that the administration would find out some solution for their concerns in a meeting on Monday.\" On the other hand, a parent said, \"In this tussle, we are the ultimate sufferer.\"\"The strike would be a big headache for parents. My seven-year-old son's school is about 10 km from the home. How will I manage it?\" asked Avinash Sharma, a resident of Kanch Ghar, Ambala city. \"From the very first day when the administration started issuing guidelines after the mishap, neither school owners, now school van operators accepted them. Under these circumstances, how can the administration ensure safe travelling for children?\" he added.A resident of Mahesh Nagar in Ambala Cantt, Rajneesh Gupta, said, \"The administration should not change its stand again and again. It should come out with a permanent solution.\"What operators want?* 13 students should be allowed in 8-seater van and 16 students in 10-seater van.* Vans should be allowed to carry out other services after school duty* 2 months to complete documentation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11493316", "title": "MSEDCL justifies closure of Koradi units", "text": "NAGPUR: Managing director of Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Co. Ltd (MSEDCL) Ajoy Mehta has justified the closure of the two Koradi units saying the state was producing surplus power and consumers were unnecessarily bearing the burden. However, Kamptee MLA Chandrashekhar Bawankule and power unions have trashed this logic and alleged a conspiracy behind the move.Two units of Koradi plant having total capacity of 410 MW were suddenly shut down at zero hours of January 8 citing surplus generation. Unions have alleged that Mahagenco had taken a decision to shut down the third unit in March to favour private power producers.Mehta told TOI on Saturday that the state faced power shortage only between 8 am and 2 pm. \"For the remaining eighteen hours we are power surplus. So generation has to be reduced. The problem with thermal units is that you can not reduce the generation by 50% at night. At the most it can be brought down to 70% of peak level. Reducing generation is highly uneconomical. So closing two units was the best option,\" he said.The MD further said that the grid frequency was quite high due to the cold wave in northern India. \"When the frequency is 50 Hz or above you can overdraw for free. So why should MSEDCL pay Mahagenco under such circumstances. Contrary to claims by some people, MSEDCL is buying power from power exchanges for only six to seven hours per day. The rate is around Rs 3 per unit, which is quite low.\"On the other hand MLA Bawankule said that private plants were selling cheap power so that Mahagenco got an excuse to close down its units. \"Once they are scrapped, private players will form a ring and sell costly power to MSEDCL. Then the company will have no option but to buy it,\" said Bawankule.Maharashtra Veej Kamgar Mahasangh has alleged that the units were closed down so that they could be sold to private companies. Executive president Sham Deshmukh said that a private power company units no 1 to 4 of Koradi plant that were closed down in January 2011 had done a survey of these units and had evinced interest in running them on franchisee basis. \"Mahagenco officials have conspired to hand over all the plants to private companies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "11492592", "title": "MGNREGA officer got job on 'fake' papers", "text": "KISHANGANJ: An MGNREGA programme officer, currently posted at Bahadurganj in Kishanganj district, has landed in the soup following disclosure about his qualification under the Right To Information (RTI) Act.MGNREGA programme officer Ranjit Kumar Pramanik secured the job allegedly on the basis of a 'fake' MBA certificate, according to a response to the RTI. The officer had submitted MBA certificate claiming that he had obtained the MBA degree from L N Mishra Institute of Economic Development and Social Change, Patna. He was an alumnus of the institute in the 1998-2000 session and the marksheet he submitted bore his roll number as 032 and registration no 11532/98. Before he was posted at Bahadurganj, he worked at Terhagachh in Kishanganj for one-and-a-half years and in Araria district for nearly three years.However, registrar, L N Mishra Institute of Economic Development and Social Change, Shanker Jha maintained on January 11, 2012, to a January 6, 2011, query of one Sanjay Rai of Mahendrughat, Patna, that the above quoted roll and registration numbers did not belong to Ranjit Kumar Parmanik. The same numbers were rather allotted by the institute to Dhiraj Kumar, who took the examination at Danapur centre, the RTI response reveals.MGNREGA programme officer Ranjit Kumar Parmanik on Saturday said he had already met the district magistrate and submitted the related papers. \"The truth will soon come out,\" he said.Kishanganj DM Sandeep Kumar R Pudakalkatti on Saturday said he had received the photocopy of the information given under the RTI. \"Everything will be verified and necessary action initiated thereafter,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11507564", "title": "CCL: Mumbai Heroes win their first match", "text": "Sohail Khans - powered Mumbai Heroes delivered their first victory of Celebrity Cricket League season 2 by 23 runs over the mighty Chennai Rhinos.Cheered on by thousands of their fans in the Sharjah Cricket stadium on Saturday Mumbai Heroes were fully charged. After a nail-biting tie in the first game of the season this Friday at the same venue the team led by Suniel Shetty proved that they were not to be taken lightly this season.Mumbai Heroes skipper Suniel Shetty won the toss and opted to bat first on a pitch that promised a cracker a match for those present at the night in Stadium.After the festivities of Day 1 it was time for some serious cricket on day 2.Mumbai Heroes owner Sohail Khan who was still seething form their loss to Chennai Rhinos last season set the tone for the evening,At their home ground in Sharjah, the Mumbai lads turned the heat on the Chennai superstars and up a strong batting performance.Raja was the top scorer with a swashbuckling half-century. Raja was well-supported by 'Mast' star Aftab Shivdasani who made a valuable 26. The duo ensured that Mumbai Heroes set a stiff target of 148 for the team from Chennai Rhinos.When Mumbai Heroes came out to field they were different team from the one that dropped almost 4 catches in the previous game a day before. Their captain Suniel Shetty set the standard who made some scintillating diving saves despite nursing a painful groin injury.Friday night's villain in the filed Aftab Shivdasani took a difficult catch to make amends for his flip-flops in the earlier game where he dropped 4 catches.Chennai's batting suffered a major setback when Mumbai's Sunny dismissed their opener in the first over itself. There on it was downhill for Chennai as they were denied any easy opportunity to score runs.Salman Khan who had seen his team manage a heart-breaking tie just the last evening summed up his team's performance, \"We have been working really hard to make Mumbai Heroes a strong cricketing force this season and the results are showing on the field today\".Mumbai's support team that included Genelia D'souza, and Kangana Ranaut among other Bollywood hotties made sure that mercury level never dropped even on a chilly Sharjah night.When Mumbai Heroes finally won in the last over, after Chennai managed only 123 for 6 in their 20-overs, all the Bollywood starts travelling with Mumbai invaded the pitch.Soon all the Mumbai supporters from Bollywood were hugging each other and the players carried their skipper Suniel Shetty on their shoulders off the pitch.Mumbai captain Suniel Shetty said, \"I smelt victory right from the start and today I felt that cricket was a team game. Last season, we came as pure celebs, but this season we left acting behind and played a good game. We were missing some key players in the side due to injuries but we will keep fighting like we did today till we win this tournament\". My two strong players Apoorva and Ritesh could not play, Angad could not play well, though he is a very good player. We were very good in fielding today. We are a strong team, we hope to win and play well. It was the team spirit and we as a team played wellWe played well, feeling great, we opened the second season of CCL in Sharjah, though there was a draw yesterday, today we won, we beat Chennai Rhinos consistently, with great effort and team spirit. Also it was the team spirit that made it happen. We have seen our first victory and plan to play well in this season said, \" Sohail Khan\"Raja was awarded the man of the match for his quick fire 52 that ensured Mumbai's first win of the season.As a part of special presentation ceremony Salman Khan was presented with a special memorabilia. The memorabilia was a bat signed by Pakistan team that played the 200th ODI at Sharjah against Sri Lanka in November last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11497157", "title": "Geti wants to design clothes for Aishwarya", "text": "LUDHIANA: From travelling the world, meeting Sonia Gandhi to opening a restaurant, having famous celebrities wear clothes designed by her and writing an autobiography, 34-year-old Geti Khan Kidwai wants to do it all and more before the world comes to an end.The designer cum mother of two adorable kids Samar, 11, and Mehar, 7, Geti wants her designs to be popular among Bollywood celebs. \"As a designer, I wish that clothes designed by me reach Bollywood and are worn by popular actors like Katrina Kaif , Kareena Kapoor , Aishwarya Rai and other leading ladies in the industry. I also wish that my designed clothes reach France, America and European countries. That will surely give me lot of satisfaction and happiness as a professional,'' said Geti.Next on this 34-year-old's list is a wish to open up her own restaurant where people get to sample high quality non-vegetarian and vegetarian cuisines. \"The speciality of my restaurant would be mouth-watering kababs that melt right into one's mouth,'' said Geti. She adds, \"I also wish to open a saloon and make it a one-stop shop for looking beautiful.''Next on Geti's wishlist figures meeting the living legend Amitabh Bachchan. \"Amitabh has an amazing aura and I would love to meet him personally to experience it. I love his acting in all old and new movies, my favourite being, \"Baagbaan'', \"Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham'' and \"Silsila''. Another celebrity I would love to spend time and talk with with will be Sonia Gandhi. She is an inspiration for all women, and has displayed great strength in professional as well as personal front.''Wife of an income tax officer Saad Kidwai and resident of BRS Nagar, Geti also wishes to travel around the world before doomsday. Geti says, \"I would like to go on a world tour with my family. Though, I have been to almost all the major countries of the world, but I would love to visit Egypt , France, America and South Africa. I would also love to go on Kenyan Safari.''Last but not the least, Geti would love to write an autobiography. \"I would love to share my life experiences and write about my life, marriage, and children in my autobiography. I'm certain it would make an interesting read as I feel my life has been quite eventful,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11494482", "title": "Unveiled, mighty frames", "text": "Indians are known to hold money-related figures close to their chests. That is true of the art world, too. The upcoming fourth edition of the India Art Fair is being billed as an unprecedented event, four times bigger than the previous edition, but organisers are not ready to quote any figure. Unofficially, though, Rs 3,000 crore or thereabouts could be the value of art works displayed at the five-day fair beginning January 25 at the NSIC Grounds in New Delhi.In an event that will feature some blue chip names of international art, the figure is not far-fetched as some artists sell at record prices at auctions regularly. The cream of this list includes Salvador Dali , Pablo Picasso as also contemporary biggies like Marc Quinn, Anish Kapoor and Damien Hirst. Some might even make an appearance in person though nothing is confirmed yet by the organisers. Almost 3,500 art works by 1,000 artists will be showcased by 98 galleries of which 48 are from India.The heavy international presence points to a forward movement in the way the Indian market is shaping up. It was till now largely driven by Indians and the diaspora with prime focus being Indian art. But with a big number of foreign galleries coming, we might be ready to collect international art.Says Robert Bowman of the Londonbased Robert Bowman gallery that specialises in European sculpture: \"At the fair last year, we found a tremendous interest in the art that we sell. Many people explained that though they were not able to buy European art yet, they wanted to learn about it as they would be able to buy gradually with the growth of the economy.\" Bowman had showcased two Auguste Rodin sculptures last year.Other big galleries that are participating for the first time in the fair include London/ Zurich-based Hauser &amp; Wirth who represent top Indian artists Subodh Gupta and Bharti Kher internationally; London-based Other Criteria that represents Damien Hirst, Jeff Koons and Ed Ruscha, and Galleria Continua (based in Italy, France and China) that represents dissident Chinese artist Ai Weiwei, Anish Kapoor and Antony Gormley besides others. Neil Wenman, director of Hauser &amp; Wirth, says, \"We work closely with major Indian clients and are impressed by their serious approach to collecting. We hope to strengthen our relationships and introduce our artists' to a broad audience.\"Ai Weiwei's art, however, is not likely to be showcased though Neha Kirpal, director of the art fair, answers vaguely when asked about it: \"I'm not sure though there was a lot of back and forth on this issue.\" Weiwei was arrested by Chinese authorities in April last year, leading to a global outcry.The logistics involved in handling this heavy duty art are mind-boggling - all of it comes pre-insured, which is taken care of by the galleries, and 11 shipping companies were roped in to bring it to India. Naturally, security is of paramount importance; it is the third largest expense head, informs Kirpal. HP Kumar, chairman and managing director of the National Small Industries Corporation, also the man to whom the venue belongs, feels that this is one of the most elite events hosted by the NSIC as far as the likely number of high net worth individuals in attendance is concerned.Kirpal says the fair has been put together on a budget of Rs 7 crore. And the rough rental for five days works out to about Rs 45 lakh according to rates on the NSIC website. There's a lot at stake at the India Art Fair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11494256", "title": "Flesh trade ring busted in DLF II", "text": "GURGAON: The Gurgaon police have busted a gang allegedly running a flesh trade racket in a house in upmarket DLF Phase II under the guise of a guest house late on Friday night. A few girls, one of Russian origin, allegedly involved in the racket have been detained.The main accused, identified as 35-year-old Aryan who is believed to be the kingpin of this racket and the guest house owner Bhupendra Singh \"managed\" to escape and have been at large since then.Acting on a tip-off, a police team was constituted and one of the policeman got in touch with Aryan as a decoy customer and fixed a meeting.The high profile sex racket was being run from a guesthouse called Basant Residency at N block (N-3/17 as per FIR No. 12) area of DLF city phase II. Acting on information, a team was constituted by the police.When the deal was struck and the sum of money agreed upon, the decoy customer was shown the girls.After getting the confirmation about the ongoing business run from the guest house, the policeman posing as the customer signalled his team which immediately raided the premises.However, according to the police, the owner and the kingpin both managed to slip out of the guest house. According to police officials, the duo seemed to have got a hunch that the customer (policeman) was \"up to something\" and slipped out barely minutes before the police team arrived.\"The illicit flesh trade from the guest house was running for quite some months. A team has already being constituted to nab the absconding duo. The Russian girl had proper and valid papers,\" said SHO Kailash Chand of DLF Phase II police station.Sources have said that Russian girls came to India on tourist visa and used to charge customers Rs 10,000 for each hour.A case has been registered against five girls, the guest house owner and their pimp at the DLF Phase II police station. A medical examination of all the call girls was conducted after being produced at a city court which sent them to 14 days in judicial custody on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11485406", "title": "Ajay, Shah Rukh: Will the friendship last?", "text": "Ajay Devgn and Shah Rukh Khan had a bitter fallout before Rakesh Roshan's Karan Arjun. The film was originally meant to be made with these two actors. However rumours are that SRK favoured Salman and reportedly left Ajay out in the lurch.Post that these two actors weren't even cordial with each other. Of course Kajol , who is one of SRK's most favourite heroines and the wife of Ajay did ultimately get these two to become civil.In recent times even Gauri Khan reached out to Ajay and the differences between the two actors slowly dissolved.A source says, ``Both SRK and Ajay have a common weight trainer and they had started to enjoy a fairly healthy equation.''Now we hear that on January 7 when Rahul Rawail's son got engaged, several big guns were present.Even Yash Chopra, the Bollywood doyen came to wish the young Bharat Rawail who works for YRF and is Aditya Chopra's blue eyed boy.Sorry to digress; but the point is that at this ceremony one heard that certain people who are in Ajay's camp were overheard saying that Yash Chopra shouldn't release his SRK-Katrina Kaif movie on Diwali. Says an insider, ``One of the guys who is close to Ajay said--`Yashji shouldn't clash with Son of Sardar. Our film is a kick-ass entertainer and it is likely to squash the competition.''While neither Ajay nor SRK have made a direct comment on this famous Diwali clash as yet, such talks from their individual camps may fracture their new friendship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "11499719", "title": "No threat from China: Top Army officer", "text": "JAMMU: A top Army Commander on Sunday said he sees no threat from China and there is no reason for any alarm as the situation along the Sino-Indian border in Ladakh sector is calm.\"The situation remains calm (along the Line of Actual Control in Ladakh sector). There is no threat from China,\" General Officer Commanding-In-Chief, Northern Command, Lt Gen K T Parnaik, said.\"I do not see any reason for alarm,\" he told reporters on the sidelines of an Army Day function at Akhnoor, 35-km from here.On the occasion, the Northern Command Chief presented 71 awards to Army personnel at the Investiture ceremony.\"What we have on the LAC is transgressions. There are transgressions which have taken place in 2011, which have followed the routine pattern of previous years with some minor changes,\" Lt Gen Parnaik said.\"The confidence-building measures are in place. Hence, the situation is very much under control,\" he said adding Army and ITBP personnel were carrying out surveillance along the border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11493745", "title": "Dad held for raping girl repeatedly", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man has been arrested for allegedly repeatedly raping his daughter. The 37-year-old man, employed with a private company, was held after his wife, a primary school teacher, complained to cops. A medical examination of the 13-year-old girl, a resident of RK Puram, has confirmed rape, sources said.According to sources at the Sarojini Nagar police station, the victim's mother noticed something amiss with her daughter as the girl was avoiding the father and keeping to herself. Questioned, the girl said the father had been raping her for the past fortnight in the mother's absence.A rape case has been filed and cops are probing \"how long he had been carrying on with the physical abuse\", said the investigating officer.Last year's statistics show cases of rape and molestation have risen significantly compared to 2010. Commissioner B K Gupta has said almost 98% of the rape offenders are known the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11496372", "title": "Engleng likely to remain Karbi council CEM", "text": "GUWAHATI: Congress member Joy Ram Engleng is likely to hold on to his post of chief executive member (CEM) of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) this time too. Engleng beat Pator Phangcho, an Independent candidate backed by Peoples' Alliance for Peace Agreement (PAPA), a conglomerate of 53 political parties, in the prestigious Duar-Amla constituency.However, another faction of the party is forwarding the name of Bhubon Ch. Terang, who was the executive member and in-charge of the health, family welfare, town &amp; country planning, town committee affairs of the KAAC. Terang won the Socheng Dhenta seat this time. tnn\"Though Joy Ram Engleng has the maximum chances of becoming the next CEM, Bhubon Ch Terang also stands a chance. The rest is in the hand of party high command in Dispur and Delhi. However, the selection will be done in a democratic way after the consent of majority of the members of autonomous council,\" said a top party source.Though the selection of the chief executive member (CEM) was slated to be before the Bhogali Bihu celebration on Sunday, it will take a few more days to complete the procedure.The selection of the chairman for the KAAC is completed on Friday after Congress member Rupsing Teron was sworn-in the chairman of the 11th KAAC. Among the 26 winners, he was the only one who expressed the desire to become the chairman.Mukul Kathar, election officer, Karbi Anglong district, said, \"Except Rupsing Teron, no other MAC has registered any nomination for the coveted post.\" Teron was the vice-chairman of the council in the last council.The Congress, which has come to power for the third consecutive term, has 15 winners followed by eight from PAPA. The other three were Independent candidates, one backed by an alliance and two dissident Congress leaders - Pradip Singnar and Dhan Singh Kro.PAPA-backed United Peoples' Democratic Solidarity (UPDS) joint secretary Surjya Rangfer said, \"We got very little time for the election but we will continue our democratic struggle for the proposed territorial council. The conscious section of society voted for us. If we had time to make people aware about our peace pact with the Centre, we would have fared well.\"It was the first KAAC polls after the UPDS signed a peace pact with Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11493069", "title": "\u2018No-dues certificate\u2019 must for election aspirants", "text": "PUNE: Aspirants for the municipal elections will have to clear all their dues with the Pune Municipal Corporation ( PMC). The corporation has set up a special cell to provide a no-objection certificate (NOC) of \"no dues\", which will have to be attached to the nomination forms, said a statement issued by the civic body.Civic officials said that besides aspirants, even corporators will have to get the certificate if they wish to contest elections again. There are about 21 departments in the civic body which deal with financial matters. The civic body has set up a cell to provide these certificates.\"Some of the aspirants may owe some dues to these departments. There are some key departments, like the property, health, building and water departments, where the chances of outstanding dues are higher. NOCs from other departments, such as the school board and vehicle department, will also have to be taken. The cell will work as the facilitator between aspirants and these departments,\" the officials said.Some of the aspirants who have started their campaigns have demanded a single window system to get permission for rallies. There are nearly 20 permissions that are mandatory to conduct a rally, including police, traffic, speakers, stages, usage of two-wheelers, four-wheelers and other permissions. \"Many aspirants have to run from pillar to post to get these permissions, and some people tend to avoid taking them. So an easy system like a single window system should be introduced. Officials of the police department and the civic body can sit at the same place to give permissions,\" independent corporator Ujwal Keskar said while speaking with reporters on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11493564", "title": "Colva supermaket catches fire, goods worth 40L lost", "text": "MARGAO: A supermarket in Colva caught fire in the early hours of Saturday, resulting in loss of goods worth around 15 lakh.The owner of 'Sho-faz' supermarket, Franky Sequiera, however, has claimed a loss of 40 lakhs. Sequiera, is the vice-president of the South Goa district congress committee, and is also in the race for Congress ticket from Benaulim.Assistant divisional fire officer Nitin Raikar of the fire and emergency services (F&ES;), Margao, said that they received a call around 6 am alerting them about the fire at the supermarket.\"A fire tender was rushed to the spot and the blaze was brought under control in less than 30 minutes. However, 10 refrigerators, two air conditioners, one television set, electrical fixtures, besides goods stored in the supermarket perished in the fire,\" Raikar said, adding that a short circuit was the probable cause of the fire, though further investigations were on. A fruit and vegetable stall on the premises was also gutted in the fire.Sequeira, while speaking to reporters, voiced his suspicion that the fire could be an act of sabotage perpetrated by his political opponents. \"It is apparent that my supermarket was set on fire by somebody. However, I want to stress that nobody can demoralize me by committing such acts. I will definitely go ahead with my political plans,\" Sequeira said.Based on a complaint lodged by Sequeira, Colva police have registered an offence against unknown persons for causing mischief by fire and investigations are under way.In separate incidents, four other commercial units at different locations in Colva and Benaulim also caught fire around the same time, fuelling suspicion of sabotage due to political rivalry.Sources informed that four units-a tea shop-cum-telephone booth owned by Terezinha Fernandes near the Colva beach and a restaurant also run by her near the George Barreto junction, Benaulim, a bar near Maria Hall, Benaulim and a shop also at Benaulim-also caught fire at around the same time.There was also an attempt to set fire to some tourist cottages at Colva, sources said. Though Fernandes has lodged a compliant with the Colva police, the rest haven't. Fernandes, who is a member of the Colva civic and consumer forum has-in her police complaint-raised suspicion that the two units were deliberately set on fire. Police sources said that an inquiry into the complaint was under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11494316", "title": "No entry!", "text": "Reports by different global organisations predict that as the world gets richer, private car use will zoom ahead, especially among citizens of China and India. Beijing alone adds nearly 1,500 cars to its roads every day. Delhi is not far behind with 1,000 vehicles being added every day. Recent records of the ministry of road transport and highways show that last year, there were at least 1.7 crore private vehicles registered in India. What's more, in the first 12 days of this year alone, over 3.6 lakh vehicles were registered in the country. Almost 90% of these were private vehicles.If these kind of numbers continue, it's a no-brainer that the world would be staring at a big crisis in the next 8-10 years. With more pressure on roads, the incidents of accidents and deaths are also set to increase. K K Kapila, chairman of International Road Federation (IRF) says that if the present trend continues, people dying on roads \"could get doubled in the next 10 years.\"In this scenario, many countries are thinking of resorting to a vehicle freeze, that is putting a curb on the number of vehicles that can be purchased. But would such a concept work in India? Not really, say experts . \"We can't implement the vehicle freeze model like the west has done,\" says urban transport planner N Ranganathan . \"Western countries have started doing so after reaching a saturation point. India can very well manage 40 crore vehicles , that is four times the present number. But the challenge is to ensure that these numbers are uniformly distributed.\" As of now, 10% of the total fleet is concentrated in big cities. Experts say state and city governments should have a strategy in place, to distribute the vehicle usage in three ways. First, they have to provide a mode of transport that takes care of work and education, which is 70-80 % of the total number of passenger trips in any city. Secondly, peak period for traffic in mega cities needs to be staggered to eight hours. And finally, there is a need to provide road links in a manner that will discourage people to drive uni-directionally towards the central part of the cities.Incidentally, Punjab has taken an initiative to reduce the number of vehicles which are plying on roads for over 15 years. In November last year, the state government issued notices to owners of all vehicles which were registered before 15 years to bring them for inspection. \"Every product has an expiry date and so do the vehicles,\" says Kamaljit Singh Soi, vice chairman of Punjab State Road Safety Council . \"Old vehicles are invading our rural areas or are engaged in ferrying school children. They are like moving deaths on our roads. They should be converted to junk.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11496345", "title": "An evening of classical music in Kolkata", "text": "It was an evening to remember at a city art gallery on Friday as exponents of classical music mesmerized the audience when they rendered one soulful number after another.While Ehren Hanson enthralled all with his solo tabla recital, it was the jugalbandi of vocals and percussion, presented by Khalid and Marylene Ingremeau, which was really enjoyed by all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "11484766", "title": "Apple to launch iPad 3 in March: Sources", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Apple Inc's next iPad, expected to go on sale in March, will sport a high-definition screen, run a faster processor and work with next-generation wireless networks, according to three people familiar with the product.The company's manufacturing partners in Asia started ramping up production of the iPad 3 this month and plan to reach full volumes by February, said one of the people, who asked not to be named because the details aren't public. The tablet will use a quad-core chip, an enhancement that lets users jump more quickly between applications, two of the people said.Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook is counting on the new model to ward off mounting competition in a market that Apple pioneered two years ago. After its debut in 2010, the iPad emerged as the company's second-biggest source of revenue -- after the iPhone -- and inspired rival products from Amazon.com Inc and Samsung Electronics Co. Apple has sold more than 40 million iPads , generating at least $25.3 billion in sales.Natalie Kerris, a spokeswoman for Apple, said the company doesn't comment on rumor and speculation.The Cupertino, California-based company has been working on making the iPad compatible with a wireless standard called long- term evolution, or LTE, said one of the people. Carriers such as Verizon Wireless and ATT Inc are rolling out LTE networks to give users faster access to data.LTE networks Smartphone makers, including Samsung, Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc and Nokia Oyj, have already introduced smartphones that work on the faster networks. Apple is bringing LTE to the iPad before the iPhone because the tablet has a bigger battery and can better support the power requirements of the newer technology, said one of the people.The new display is capable of greater resolution than the current iPad, with more pixels on its screen than some high- definition televisions, the person said. The pixels are small enough to make the images look like printed material, according to the person. Videos begin playing almost instantly because of the additional graphics processing, the person said.The new iPad is being assembled by Apple's main manufacturing partner, Foxconn Technology Group . Like most technology companies, Apple contracts with companies in Asia for labor to assemble its devices. Foxconn, which also builds the iPhone and other Apple products, gets about 22 per cent of its sales from Apple, according to supply-chain data compiled by Bloomberg .Boosting production Mass production began at the start of this month, with factories running 24 hours a day in China, one of the people said. Manufacturing will halt over China's Lunar New Year holiday this month and then ramp back up to a peak in February, the person said.The introduction of the new iPad will be Apple's first major hardware release since the death of company co-founder Steve Jobs in October. The company is hosting an education event focused on electronic textbooks next week that won't include any hardware introductions, said a person familiar with the matter.Apple, the world's largest technology company by market value, was little changed yesterday in US trading at $419.81. The stock rose 26 percent in 2011, marking its third straight year of gains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11496619", "title": "Bunty chor in Bhopal police dragnet?", "text": "BHOPAL: In a major success, Bhopal police nabbed a person, who resembles notorious thief Devinder Singh alias \"Bunty Chor\". The infamous thief committed more than 500 burglaries in many states and managed to give the police the slip in the past.\"The way he is behaving confirm that he is Bunty Chor,\" a senior police official said. The MP Police have contacted their Delhi counterparts to ascertain whether he is Bunty chor, who escaped after dodging the police from Palwal a few days ago.On Friday evening, upon learning that a person resembling Bunty was seen in a private hotel in Chowk area of the city, the police team went there and picked him up.The police had a tough time as the state police did not have any record of the notorious thief. Though a passport and a driving licence were seized from his possession, the arrested person gave out nothing.MP Police have contacted their Delhi counterparts to ascertain whether he is Bunty chor, who escaped after dodging the police from Palwal a few days ago.police had a tough time as the state police did not have any record of the notorious thief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11493063", "title": "Hotelier thrown in lock-up 'without charge'", "text": "KOLKATA: No complaints, no charges, no violation of law. Yet, an elderly guest house owner had to spend an entire night in police lock-up on Friday. He had as company two of his relatives who dared to offer help. Tapas Saha, the guest house owner, believes he was picked up as he refused to pay the cops a \"monthly hafta\".Saha, a resident of 106 Bangur Avenue, owns a six-room guest house in Lake Town.\"Around 1.30am, two constables came to my guest house and asked me to show the guest register. When they found no fault with it, they spoke to a guest and verified his documents,\" said Tapan. The policemen then informed Rajib Dhar, inspector-in-charge of Lake Town police station, that nothing wrong was found at the guest house. But the constables were reportedly asked to pick up Saha.Saha, meanwhile, informed his brother-in-law Gyanbikash Banik and his son Soumyadip Banik, a national shooter. But before their arrival, cops dragged out Saha and took him to the police station. \"Without wasting time, we rushed to the police station along with my brother Souradeep and Gaurav, my uncle's son,\" said Soumyadip.Initially, the family members were not allowed to enter the police station and the duty officer called up IC Dhar. \"Dhar gave some instruction over the phone and they opened the door. Gaurav was talking over the phone some yards away. Soon after we got in, the cops locked the collapsible gate,\" said Soumyadip. Saha was found inside the lock-up.\"When we asked why they had put my uncle in the lock-up and what he was charged with, they refused to answer,\" alleged Gyanbikash. The duty officer, meanwhile, received another call from the IC and then asked the sentries to put us behind bars. They made us take off our shoes, shawls and took away our cell phones and watches,\" said Soumyadip.Souradeep, who was outside, suspected some thing was wrong and informed other relatives. They even called up Suresh Sharma, a senior Inspector General of Punjab known to Soumyadip. Sharma called up IC Dhar but he did not pick up his call. Saha's relatives then met local MLA Sujit Bose, who tried his best to contact the IC but he dared to ignore his calls. Finally, Bose had to call up senior officers who intervened and told officers to release all three.\"It was around 7am by then. My father and uncle were shocked. They are traumatized after spending five hours in the lock-up without any reason,\" said Soumyadip.When contacted on Saturday, Bose said, \"His family members met me. I spoke to senior officers to bring them out. Such an act of police will damage the image of the government.\" Soumyadip on Saturday met Bidhanagar subdivisional police officer Debasis Nandi and lodged a complaint. He even told Nandi that Dhar was applying pressure on Saha for the past few months for \"monthly\" bribe.\"I refused to pay. This led the officer to teach me a lesson,\" alleged Saha. Local Trinamool councillor Mriganka Bhattacharya admitted that the IC harassed the family without any reason. \"We will take up the matter with his superiors and ask them to take stringent action against the accused officer,\" he promised.Lake Town IC Rajib Dhar did not deny that his men picked up Saha. \"We found some irregularities with his guest house register and took him to the police station for interrogation,\" Dhar justified. But when asked how a police officer could put a person behind the bars without a specific case and why his men pushed two of Saha's relatives into the lock-up, the IC refused to comment. SP North 24 Paraganas Champak Bhattacharya, however, said he was not aware of such an incident. \"I will enquire into the matter,\" he said.Police allegedly put an elderly guest house owner and his two relatives behind bars for an entire night, without registering a case at Lake Town on Friday. The guest house owner has reasons to believe that he was picked up and had to face the ordeal because he refused to pay police a \"monthly\" bribe.Tapan Saha is a resident of 106 Bangur Avenue and owns a six room guest house in that posh locality in the city's northern fringes. Around 1.30 am on Saturday, two police constables landed at his guest house and called Saha. \"They asked me to show the guest register. I immediately gave it and the cops found no fault with the register. They even spoke to a guest who checked in late on Saturday and also verified his documents,\" said Tapan. But the matter did not end with the sudden check. The policemen informed Rajib Dhar, inspector-in-charge of Lake Town police station that nothing wrong was found at the guest house. But Dhar reportedly was not convinced and asked his men to pick up Saha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "11496127", "title": "Cold wave worsens in state", "text": "Berhampur: Cold wave condition in Odisha worsened further on Saturday as night temperature fell much below the normal at many places. Daringibadi in Kandhamal district recorded minus 2.5 degree Celsius. The temperature at Phulbani has dipped to 2.8 degree Celsius, the lowest in the state, met office sources said.\"We witnessed layers of snow at some places in the town in the wee hours of Saturday, when the minimum temperature recorded is minus 2.5 degree Celsius,\" said M K Swain, block development officer (BDO), Daringibadi. Snowfall was also witnessed in some villages near Daringibadi, the BDO said.The temperature in remote parts of the districts like Kotagarh, Bramhanigaon and Raikia is much less than the temperature in Phulabani. \"We cannot venture out during the morning and evening hours as severe cold condition prevails in the area,\" said Ladu Kishor Swain, a high school teacher of Daringibadi.While shops opened after 9 am and shut by 7 pm, morning buses were plying late due to the severe cold. The sudden fall in temperature resulted from the cold wave from the north-west, said Pratap Mohanty of marine sciences department, Berhampur University. Mohanty said the unseasonal rains were also responsible for the chill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11493430", "title": "Consumer Forum imposes Rs 50K fine on Agni builders", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur District Consumer Forum has penalized Agni Builders and Developers along with Vyankatesh Kunawar, Chandrakant Padmawar of Pushkar Builders on a complaint filed by the flat owners of a scheme built by them. The non-applicants allegedly failed to provide necessary services like fire safety equipment and also used substandard material that led to seepage of water in the entire Agnirath Sankul building located at Shyam Nagar, Somalwada in the city. The complaint was filed on December 6, 2010.The forum comprising chairman Vijaysingh Rane and members Jayashree Yende and Naresh Bansod, directed builder to pay Rs50,000 to the owners association for causing physical and mental harassment. The judges also asked them to set up emergency exits in the building along with the fire safety equipment and told him to provide 'occupation certificate' issued by the NMC and NIT to the flat owners. The builder will also get them a no-objection certificate (NOC) from the NMC fire department. He is asked to erect iron staircase connecting the emergency exits in each flat to the ground floor. The non-applicants were given a deadline of a month to comply with the forum's orders.According to the flat-owners, the seepage was being reported in their building from terrace to the ground floor right from first day of their possession. In fact, they had inked a pact with the builder that all the problems would be addressed by him within three years of taking possession. Even after numerous complaints, the builder allegedly failed to pay attention.The builder even failed to renew the temporary NOC granted by NMC given for the building. Moreover, he also failed to provide firefighting equipment and emergency exits in the building. After four years, the builder responded to the flat owners that he was no longer responsible for the any problems in the flat. After which the applicants moved to the consumer forum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11493033", "title": "Srinagar cricket team scores a point in city", "text": "KOLKATA: It was cricket with a capital K at Eden Gardens on Friday when the Srinagar Sherdils trounced a team from the city by 48 runs. Few may have heard of them here but in Kashmir, they are a force to reckon with. Comprising of several Ranji Trophy players from Jammu and Kashmir, this was the team that lifted the Kashmir Premier League (KPL) in 2011.Many would wonder what the KPL is all about. It is a tournament that was organized for the first time by the Army in Kashmir with support from the Jammu and Kashmir Cricket Association and state sports department.\"There is tremendous talent in Kashmir so far as cricket is concerned. We organized the KPL in which 192 teams from across the state participated. The Srinagar Sherdils were the winners. We have brought the team to Kolkata to give the cricketers the exposure that they need. They were thrilled while playing at Eden Gardens. After all, it is every cricketers dream to play at Eden Gardens at some time in his career.The trip was organized by the Chinar Corps and the Chinar Air Defence Brigade. The Rotary Club is providing a lot of support in Kolkata. On Friday, the Sherdils played a team from Rotary. In the next few days, they will play against the CC&FC; and a Cricket Association of Bengal (CAB) team in a day and night match at Eden Gardens,\" said Major Amit Singh , the officer who is in charge of the team here.Some of the cricketers in the team have played elsewhere in the country but even for them, the Eden Gardens was a different experience altogether.\"Eden Gardens and Kolkata was a great experience. In Kashmir, we don't lack talent but even basic infrastructure is missing. The KPL was organized in just two-and-a-half months between July and September and you can make out the enthusiasm by the large number of teams that participated. During those few months, cricket fever had engulfed Kashmir. Several matches were being played everyday and everybody was rooting for some team or the other. Unfortunately,We only have one stadium in Kashmir and three grounds with turf wickets.The Army has played a very important role in promoting cricket in Kashmir but what we really need is support from the corporate world Elsewhere, matches are played on mats,\" said Ranji player Majid Dar.Some of the players are now trying out for the Indian Premier League. Adil Rishi has just returned after trying out for the Mumbai Indians.According to Dar, there are several youngsters in Kashmir who wish to make cricket their career and play for the country. What they need is some support from corporates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11493747", "title": "Certificate scam unearthed", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hundreds of domicile, income and OBC certificates were fraudulently issued in Najafgarh tehsil during September-December 2011. The well-planned racket was allegedly stage-managed by a first grade Delhi Administration Subordinate Service officer. The revenue department has found that, of the 1,800-odd certificates under categories of domicile, income and OBC from the office of the Najafgarh tehsildar, more than 650 were illegally issued against fake applications or no applications at all.While tehsildar (Najafgarh) Ashok Kumar has been suspended, based on a hard hitting inquiry of the SDM (Najafgarh) the Delhi government's revenue department is preparing to lodge an FIR under criminal sections for forgery, cheating and tampering with government records. More heads may roll.This is just the tip of the iceberg and investigations into the racket are likely to unravel corruption that may not be limited to Najafgarh tehsil in Southwest district. While indicating disciplinary action, chief secretary PK Tripathi put Ashok Kumar under suspension on January 11 based on an inquiry into the issue of certificates in Palam tehsil of which Kumar held additional charge during December. An FIR for tampering with government records has already been registered against Kumar's private driver Joginder, who allegedly made bogus entries in Palam tehsil for seeking certificates. Before he took over charge of Najafgarh tehsil in September, Kumar was in charge of Punjabi Bagh tehsil, which is now under scrutiny.Preliminary investigations show Joginder allegedly made nearly 160 entries in the name of fake applicants in Palam tehsil. But later Kumar allegedly removed 80 entries. This made senior officials suspicious and a probe revealed the tampering with records.Taking the investigations forward after Kumar's suspension, the revenue department shifted focus to his tenure as tehsildar in Najafgarh district. In 654 cases, the application records were missing while counterfoils were missing in 422 cases. Approximately 70 application forms missing were common to both OBC and domicile certificates. In 11 cases, ground checks revealed that addresses of applicants who were issued certificates were fake. Also, there were many entries where certificates were issued in the same name.A report of the inquiry conducted by SDM (Najafgarh) Krishna Mohan Uppu has been sent by the deputy commissioner of Southwest district, DP Dwivedi, to divisional commissioner Vijay Dev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11492881", "title": "Sunrise marks onset of auspicious period", "text": "LUCKNOW: Thousands will take a holy dip in the Gomti river on the festival of Makar Sankranti, to be celebrated in the city on Sunday. But the Gomti banks are reeling under filthy conditions. Except for a few ghats where locals had pooled in money to ensure cleanliness, there is dirt and filth accumulated on most of the ghats.\"There is no one to give an ear to the problems. It is a ritual to take a dip in the holy water but nowadays, the purity is being compromised,'' complained a local man. Having got his side of the ghat cleaned, Lallu Guru said, \"It is believed that on this day, the Earth comes closer to the Sun. Hence, the day is marked by ritualistic festivities. It is an auspicious festival and authorities need to act to get the Gomti banks clean.''According to a legend, Makar Sankranti celebrations are held because this day represents end of negativities and beginning of an era filled with truth on this Earth. Besides, the festival also commemorates the beautiful relationship of a father with his children. And as per the scriptures, Sun god visits the house of his son Shani on Makar Sankranti. \"The father &amp; son usually do not get along nicely, but despite of the differences, Sun makes it a point to meet Shani on this day. He stays in the house of his son for a period of one month. During this period, the son honours his father with all he can,'' said Chandra Bhushan Pathak of Sanatam Ashram.Symbolically, children in Hindu families seek blessings from the elders. In turn, the families pray for their wellbeing. \"Parents bless their children to attain strength in order to fight against all odds, and carry forward this tradition,'' explained Shilpi Singh, a housewife. The festival also marks the onset of harvest season for the farmers. They pray to Sun god to bless them with a good harvest and usher good luck and happiness in everyone's life.At homes, 'khichri' is made from rice and 'urad daal'. With this, people consume 'papad', 'chutney' and 'achaar'. On this day, people give alms to the poor. The charity is done as per the pocket size of the person. People distribute 'daal', 'atta', or other household things like bedsheets, woollens etc. Women prepare sweets from til (sesame seeds), jaggery and groundnut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11492795", "title": "Jan 18 is Pooja's D-Day", "text": "BANGALORE: Sandalwood star Pooja Gandhi will officially join JD(S) on January 18. She went to the JD(S) office on Thursday but did not confirm her joining the party.On Saturday, she expressed her willingness to join the party on January 18 in the presence of its patriarch HD Deve Gowda .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11493743", "title": "Vestiges of the past find admirers among the young", "text": "Shortly after MTDC restarted its heritage tours of south Mumbai, the open-air buses found many takers in little children who wanted to explore Mumbai's old and historic sites. Local fun fairs like Kala Ghoda and Bandra festivals also receive considerable response for the heritage walks they organize through the heritage mile at DN Road or gaothans in the suburbs.Apart from the British-era buildings that are visible heritage locations, the city is home to a cluster of monuments, caves and forts that serve as eye-openers for children accustomed to air-conditioned classrooms and multi-storeyed buildings.Pallavi Sharma, who organizes the Kala Ghoda Festival, makes it a point to include heritage walks for children aged six to 12. \"We specifically prepare a different set of heritage tours each season to instil in young kids a sensitivity towards the city's architecture so that they will learn to preserve our monuments and respect our history,\" she says. \"The little ones turn out in large numbers, and their attendance is a measure of the success of any effort at preservation.\"Sharma points out that India's education system is geared towards professional achievement and fails to factor in subjects like Indian art and culture. Parents could do their bit as well, she says.In fact, commuters who travel to CST and Churchgate could simply take their kids along one day and introduce them to the heritage value of these places. The magnificent CST building, the headquarters of the Central Railway, is Mumbai's only Unesco World Heritage Site while the headquarters of the Western Railway, located opposite Churchgate station, is making a pitch for that status.Families with little children thronged the Gateway of India at New Year's Eve a few days ago. Parents could be seen reading out the inscription on the archway that was erected to welcome King George V to India.Historically, the city has had coves and niches that are visited largely by those who know where to look. Residents of IC Colony, Borivli, are familiar with the Mandapeshwar caves that are located directly below the IC Church. There is a Shiva temple inside the main cave and the area is now being beautified.Over in Andheri, the Mahakali Caves are perhaps the most protected and well-maintained of all caves in Mumbai. The local priest at the sixth century Jogeshwari Caves points out how this monument counts among the largest rock-cut cave temples in India. \"It was here that the Pandavas rested during their years of exile,\" he says to every outsider. A beautiful series of carvings at the forehead of the cave depicts the marriage of Lord Shiva with Parvati.The famous Kanheri caves are located inside the Sanjay Gandhi National Park in Borivli. Numbering over a hundred, these are believed to have been built between 1st century BC and 9th century AD. Chiselled out of volcanic rock, these were resting sites for Buddhist monks. Two seven-metre tall figures of the standing Buddha are located in the main cave that has a colonnade of 34 pillars and a stupa carved from basalt rock.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11497243", "title": "\u2018It\u2019s my most erotic work yet\u2019", "text": "...says writer Kunal Basu as he takes a walk with Priyanka Dasgupta to speak of his latest novel, two nights at a brothel, and 'discussing' philosophy with a former girlfriend... under police vigilance.Growing up with a publisher father and writer mother around the leafy lanes of what's known as the Lakes in Kolkata, Kunal Basu developed a romantic imagination. \"Back then, sexuality was largely a matter of fantasy. We lived under hard-wired conditions. If you were lucky to land a girlfriend, this is where you'd head to, and it'd take at least an hour for lips to get to meeting point. Unfortunately, the Kolkata Police was particularly vigilant around here,\" he says, unable to hide a smile as he speaks of a \"session\" intercepted by cops curious about what he was up to. \"I remember saying, 'We are discussing the philosophy of Kant!'Skirting a football field waiting for its players, Basu takes our question on why it is that Indian authors writing in English end up winning UK's annual Bad Sex in Fiction Award. \"Funny question, but a pertinent one,\" he says, especially in the context of his latest novel, The Yellow Emperor's Cure, which he admits is his most erotic yet.\"The discomfort experienced while dealing with sensuality in literary fiction - as opposed to commercial fiction - could stem from middle-class morality that prevents the full play of sensuality, and its brazen demonstration. There is a difference between pornography and erotica. Pornography is like Disneyworld. Everything is enacted right in front of you to enjoy. Erotic writing leaves enough cues for you to imagine it yourself. When the mind engages with the body, it results in erotica. Otherwise, it's porn.\"Set in Lisbon of 1898, his fourth and latest work is the story of Antonio Maria , a philandering surgeon who sets off to Peking to find the cure for a father dying of syphilis. The idea came to Basu while he was walking through the Museum of Traditional Chinese Medicines in Beijing . \"I thought of the story of a young European doctor who travels all the way to China in search of a cure for this little-discussed sexually transmitted disease. I could see him - young, handsome and virile, standing naked before his Chinese teacher as she used her forefinger to trace the 12 energy channels across his body.\"That single image, says the writer, compelled him to create Maria, a man for whom love is a conquest until he meets the independent Fumi, and must decide whether to flee or stay in a land ravaged by rebellion.The novel seems to have excited the West even before its India launch. A Hollywood producer, intrigued by its flaming sensuality, has approached Basu's agent for film rights. And the author is far from apologetic about the draw. That's not unexpected when you hear him speak of spending two consecutive nights at a Khidderpore brothel, where he took shelter as a political activist during the Emergency.\"They fed me well and I had a room to myself. But all through the night, I heard voices from this theatre of physicality. No one was there to make love. They wanted sex. It was a different sort of physicality - brutal, not sensual. It held no attraction for me.\"The overt obviously finds no favour with a man who admits he is aroused by mystery. \"Strangers and anonymity arouse me.\" And it's this fascination that's now prompting him to dig into secrets that lie within closed doors of unknown addresses in contemporary Kolkata, to feature in his next novel.priyanka.dasgupta@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11498439", "title": "Ijaz to testify before Pak SC in memo scandal", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Controversial Pakistani-American businessman Mansoor Ijaz could fly into a military airbase in Rawalpindi and granted a visa on arrival so that he can testify tomorrow before a judicial commission probing the memo scandal, according to a media report today.Ijaz's lawyer has said he will testify before the Supreme Court-appointed commission that is investigating the memo scandal tomorrow.\"Arrangements have been finalised for his chartered flight (at Chaklala airbase),\" an official source was quoted as saying by The Express Tribune.Since Pakistan joined the US-led war on terror, authorities have been issuing visas to US nationals, mainly military personnel, at the port of entry under a secret arrangement, sources told the daily.Ijaz might be offered the same facility if he had not yet applied for a Pakistani visa, an unnamed official told the newspaper.\"In special circumstances, US businessmen can avail this facility,\" the official said.Some of Ijaz's close associates will accompany him and the team will be flown in a helicopter from Chaklala airbase to the venue where the commission is holding its hearings, the report said.Military authorities would look after Ijaz's security arrangements, it added.Ijaz created a storm in Pakistan's political circles and triggered a standoff between the civilian government and the military by making public the mysterious memo that sought US help to stave off a possible military coup after the killing of Osama bin Laden in May last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11494096", "title": "House logjam is Congress' own making: Yashwant Sinha", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former finance minister and BJP leader Yashwant Sinha has hit back at the government's claim that a logjam in Parliament had stalled key legislations saying most of the hurdles were of the Congress's making as it had sought to score political brownie points.Responding to home minister P Chidambaram's statement that Parliament has not been able to pass some 20-odd legislations, Sinha said he had previously pointed out that BJP alone could not be singled out. \"Some corporates had said opposition should be above politics. I would say the same should apply to the government,\" he said.Sinha said the government's failure to steer the Lokpal Bill through Parliament should drive home the short-sightedness of the Congress tactics. \"The government agreed to drop the minority clause in the Lokpal. Then, reintroduced it to isolate BJP. Certain small parties played to the Congress tune. But the Bill failed to go through,\" he said.BJP, he said, was willing to cooperate with the government but the ruling coalition needed to seek the Opposition's assistance. \"We are the Opposition and will not go to the government's doorstep to offer help. The government must approach us if it feels the need to do so,\" he said, pointing out that \"UPA needs to sort out problems with its allies\".\"The government has to tell us that it needs our support. This is certainly the case in Rajya Sabha. But we cannot imagine what the government wants from us,\" he said, pointing that the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority Bill could not have been introduced in the Lok Sabha without BJP's support.\"On the Bill to reform pensions, we had a discussion with the government which accepted some of our suggestions. But it seems the Trinamool Congress has objections that need to be sorted out. So who is creating the hurdles?\" asked Sinha.He also pointed out that BJP would welcome dialogue on legislation and policy where a meeting point is possible. \"The NDA did so on insurance reform when I met Congress leader Murli Deora who headed the finance standing committee. We don't want to block bills for the sake of it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "11498305", "title": "PCB not worried with IPL snub", "text": "LAHORE: The PCB says it is not concerned with the continued ouster of Pakistani players from the lucrative Indian Premier League.\"We are not going to talk to anyone or convince anyone to take our players in the IPL. We, in fact, plan to start our own T20 Pakistan Premier League. So we are not concerned about the IPL,\" PCB chief Zaka Ashraf told a newspaper.The IPL governing board and franchises have not selected or bid for any Pakistani player from the second edition onwards.The fourth edition of the IPL is due to be held in April and so far the organisers have not bid for any Pakistani players.\"We have the capability of holding our own premier league and we have already spoken to major business houses and corporations to support us in this bid,\" Ashraf said.\"We also plan to get some foreign players to appear in the premier league because once the league gets rolling things will only get better as far as participation of foreigners is concerned,\" he added.Ashraf also said that by launching its own premier league, Pakistan could not only raise the profile of the sport in the country and ensure financial rewards for the players.At present most of the Test playing nations including Australia, England, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka are holding major T20 leagues.Players like Shahid Afridi and Abdul Razzaq are presently playing in the Australian Big Bash event and have also signed up for South Africa's domestic T20 event.The PCB is also due to take a decision on whether to allow its players to sign up for franchises in the Bangladesh premier league that will be held in March.Ashraf also said that Pakistan had no concern with India's stance on the umpires decision review system.\"We will continue to support this system because we believe it has helped cricket and helps the umpires reduce errors in a match,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "11495919", "title": "Candidates submit asset details", "text": "BAHRAICH: The affidavit submitted by candidates belonging to different political parties gives an indication not only about their movable and immovable assets, but also about their choice. Bahujan Samaj Party MLA from Nanpara Waris Ali is mad about SUVs, while others love to invest in gold. According to information submitted by Ali, he owns a car, 2 SUVs, three tractors, a rifle and a revolver.The BSP MLA also possesses 6.521 acres of agriculture land at Mihipurwa, Kudwa, Lalbojhi and Batehta. He also has a flat in Gomti Nagar, Lucknow; a plot at Bapudham in Madhuban and another plot worth Rs 2.16 lakh at Bhaggapurwa. tnnSO, far he has spent Rs 45,12,560 in constructing a house. An investment of Rs 1.85 crore has been shown by him on lands.Another BSP MLA Krishna Kumar Ojha has purchased plots at Bapudham in Madhuban, Naubasta Kala, Dhapalipurwa and Nazirpura. Former MLC and BJP candidate Subhash Tripathi has shown agriculture lands at Chandamau and Udarna Thakurain. He has another plot also in the state capital. The former MLC also has revolver and rifle.Izhar Ahmad Shah, the BSP candidate from Matera assembly area owns residential apartments at Vikas Nagar, plot and a house at Qazipura area of the city. Another BSP candidate from Kaiserganj Khalid Khan is fond of jewelleries, and has ornaments worth Rs 2 lakh. He has inherited agriculture and non-agriculture lands. The plots are located at Tapesipah, Jhokia and Adampur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11494502", "title": "Superpower? 230 million Indians go hungry daily", "text": "With 21% of its population undernourished, nearly 44% of under-5 children underweight and 7% of them dying before they reach five years, India is firmly established among the world's most hunger-ridden countries. The situation is better than only Congo, Chad, Ethiopia or Burundi , but it is worse than Sudan , North Korea, Pakistan or Nepal .This is according to the International Food Policy Research Institute (IFPRI) which combines the above three indicators to give us a Global Hunger Index (GHI) according to which India is 67th among the worst 80 countries in terms of malnourishment.That's not all. Data collected by GHI researchers shows that while there has been some improvement in children's malnutrition and early deaths since 1990, the proportion of hungry in the population has actually gone up.Today India has 213 million hungry and malnourished people by GHI estimates although the UN agency Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) puts the figure at around 230 million. The difference is because FAO uses only the standard calorie intake formula for measuring sufficiency of food while the Hunger Index is based on broader criteria.Nutrition schemes need to be expandedWhichever way you slice it and dice it, the shameful reality is inescapable - India is home to the largest number of hungry people, about a quarter of the estimated 820 million in the whole world.The National Family and Health Survey (NFHS), last carried out in 2004-05, had shown that 23% of married men, 52% of married women and a chilling 72% of infants were anemic - a sure sign that a shockingly large number of families were caught in a downward spiral of slow starvation.Global research has now firmly established that depriving the fetus of essential nutrients - as will happen in an under-nourished pregnant woman - seals the fate of the baby once it is born. It is likely to suffer from susceptibility to diseases and physical retardation, as also to mental faculties getting compromised.So, continuing to allow people to go hungry and malnourished, is not just more misery for them: it is the fate of future generations of Indians in balance.What can be done to fix this unending tragedy? The government already runs two of world's biggest nutrition programmes: the midday meal scheme for students up to class 12 and the anganwadi programme under which infants and children up to 6 are given \"hot cooked\" meals.These need to be spread further and more resources pumped in to tackle weaknesses. For instance, a report by the anganwadi workers' federation revealed that as many as 73,375 posts of anganwadi workers and 16,251 posts of supervisors are lying vacant. But the biggest contribution to fighting hunger would be providing universal coverage of the PDS with adequate amounts of grain, pulses and edible oils included.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "11493472", "title": "Reservations for 14 panchayat samitis declared", "text": "AMRAVATI: The reservation for Panchyat Samiti declared on Saturday evoked mixed reaction among candidates. Women have reason to cheer as more than 50% seats were reserved for themOn Saturday, district collector declared the reservation of 14 panchayat samitis. The reservation was declared by draw of lots. Out of 14 panchayat samitis, eight were reserved for women. These include Chandur Bazar (OBC), Chandur Railway (SC), Dhamangoan (open), Bhatkuli (open), Achalpur (SC), Chikhaldara (ST), Amravati (Open). Morshi, Warud and Daryapur samitis are reserved for open category candidates while Teosa circle is reserved for OBC candidate and Dharni and Nandgoan Khandeshwar circles have been reserved for ST candidates. Though reservation for 14 panachayat samitis was declared on Saturday, election of Dharni, Teosa, Chandur Railway and Dhamangoan would not be held now.Meanwhile, district collector Rahul Mahiwal conducted a meeting of police and revenue officials. He instructed officials to work with co-ordination and check instances of model code of conduct violations. He also instructed officials to check vehicles on city limits to curb illegal transportation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11493844", "title": "Games stink grows, CBI to file 2 new FIRs", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what could spell more trouble for former Organising Committee chairman Suresh Kalmadi , the Central Bureau of Investigation is ready to file two fresh FIRs in connection with two projects undertaken during Commonwealth Games 2010. The two regular cases, sources say, would be registered for irregularities in \"recruitment of officials to the Organising Committee\" and \"projects related to construction of athletic track, fitness centre, swimming pool and two indoor halls at CWG village\".The source added that preliminary enquiries in these projects have been completed and regular cases (FIRs) would be registered in the next 10 days. CBI had registered these two preliminary enquiries in July and September last year and had collected documents related to both from the OC's office. The agency had also reportedly questioned several persons, including OC officials and some DDA officials. Kalmadi has been in Tihar Jail since April 25, 2011, for several other CWG-related cases. The first matter, in which CBI will register FIR, relates to appointment of officials to the OC. \"The investigation was about Kalmadi crowding the OC with his cronies, particularly those who have Pune as their residential address,\" said a CBI source.There were complaints that Kalmadi had ignored the selection procedures and recruited several people, who had no other qualification, besides being his associates or belonging to his constituency - Pune. CBI investigated and found that not only were these employees recruited improperly, but they were also paid exorbitant salaries. For instance, Sangeeta Welingkar ADG (Look and Image) was withdrawing a salary of Rs 1,08,250, R K Sacheti ADG (Coordination) drew a salary of Rs 1.44 lakh per month, Priya Paul Singh (JDG Look and Image) was taking a salary of Rs 1,63,500 every month, among many others. Kalmadi is likely to be named by CBI in this case.The second matter, in which CBI has completed the enquiry, is of alleged irregularities in construction of the athletic track, swimming pool, fitness centre and two indoor halls at CWG village by DDA. The agency had booked several DDA officials for irregularities. The estimated cost of the project was Rs 45 crore and the project was given to a consortium of four private companies. Later it was found that only one company was executing the project and the cost of project had been escalated from Rs 45 crore to Rs 63 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11495942", "title": "'Scinece helps in quick disposal of cases'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: \"Science and technology are useful tools for the judiciary also as they help in quick disposal of cases,\" said Justice Altamas Kabir of the Supreme Court while addressing the judges, lawyers and other members connected with legal fraternity at the Kanhaiya Lal Mishra Memorial Lecture here on Friday.Addressing the gathering, Justice Kabir said that earlier service of notice on the parties to the litigation was a difficult task and was one of the reasons for delay in disposal of cases, but now a days because of fax facility, service upon the parties has become very easy. He said that time is coming when lawyers will file cases in the courts through electronic system.Justice Kabir was speaking as chief guest at a symposium on \"Impact of growth of science and technology on legal and judicial system with declining morality and ethics\". The symposium was organised by Pt Kanhaiya Lal Mishra Memorial Committee.Union minister for HRD and science and technology Kapil Sibal said the development of science and technology is not only helpful to the other wings of the society but also equally beneficial for the judiciary and its system. He said: \"All the gram panchayats in the country will soon be connected with science and technology.\"Chief Justice of the Allahabad High Court, Justice S R Alam, elaborated upon the use and misuse of the development of science and technology.The function was conducted by advocate Rakesh Pandey. Senior judge of the high court, Justice Amitava Lala, former Chief Justice V K Khanna, senior advocates N C Rajvanshi, Bharat Ji Agarwal and sitting high court judges and also the lawyers of the high court were present on the occasion. Convenor S K Tripathi offered the vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11492028", "title": "Wife accuses husband of making sex videos", "text": "COIMBATORE: A woman lodged a complaint against her husband at the all women police station here on Friday accusing him of shooting obscene footage after drugging her. According to the complainant, the husband also threatened her that he would upload the content on internet unless she gave him 10 sovereigns of gold and Rs 1 lakh. Police have sent a special team to Bangalore to nab the accused.H Shemeena, 20, of Ooty in Nilgiris district had married Mohammed Bayas, 25, of RK Nagar of Bangalore on December 5, 2010. Shemeena's parents had given seven sovereigns of gold ornaments and one lakh rupees as dowry to the groom. Later, the couple went to Bangalore.However, Mohammed Bayas did not have a job and sold off the jewels. Recently, Shemeena fell ill and when she complained of headache, Bayas gave her two tablets. She fell unconscious after taking the tablets and he shot a video of her. According to the FIR, he compelled her to have sexual intercourse with his friends. He threatened her that he would upload the videos on the internet, if she resisted. But Shemeena refused and he harassed her. Whenever, he went out, he would lock her inside the house.Eventually, Shemeena escaped his custody and came to her brother's house at Nehru Nagar at Kalapatti. Bayas visited her here as well and threatened her. He demanded 10 sovereigns of gold and one lakh rupees from her family and threatened to upload the video on internet if they failed to accede to his demand.Immediately, Shemeena complained at the all women police station at Ramanathapuram. Munira Begum, inspector at the station, said a special team has been formed to nab Bayas. \"We have formed a special team and they have gone to Bangalore to nab the culprit,\" she said. The police registered a criminal case under sections 498(a)(husband or relative of a husband subjecting her to cruelty), 406 (criminal breach of trust), intimidation, 506(i) (criminal intimidation) and Tamil Women Harassment Prevention Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11495032", "title": "EC instructions make Maghi Mela purely religious", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It's no coincidence that announcement by political parties to do away with their conferences during Maghi Mela celebrations on January 14 came close on the heels of a set of instructions sent by the Election Commission .Though EC did not ban the political conferences at the mela, office of chief electoral officer (CEO), Punjab, had instructed all parties that they would not be allowed to mix religion with politics and that their conferences at the mela would be videographed.\"Political parties were clearly told that they would not indulge in politicking till the time they had the 'prakash' of Guru Granth Sahib on their stage. They were also told that if they served langar at the conference site, it would be counted towards their election expenses,\" a senior EC official told TOI.Reportedly, political parties confronted the EC saying this was \"undue interference in the religious affairs\", and that langar had always been part of the religious and cultural history of the state. \"They were clearly told that langar was allowed only inside the gurdwara building and was to be funded only by the community in case of a gathering like a mela, or gurpurb. But, if a religious party or a candidate hosted any community kitchen outside the religious place, it would be counted towards their election expenses,\" the official added.No sooner were the instructions passed, political parties announced that they were cancelling their conferences - Shiromani Akali Dal did not give any reason but Congress said its candidates were tied up with campaigning due to a short deadline and Punjab People's Party said it had no intention of holding any political gathering at a religious site.Earlier, in December, before the announcement of elections, EC had clarified that instructions to add cost of conducting community kitchens in a candidate's expense did not apply to any community organizing such an event within their religious buildings.A letter sent by EC secretary S K Rudola on December 15 had clarified that if any candidate attended a langar either organized by him or by any other person to entertain electors, the cost would be added to his or her poll expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11493913", "title": "'VVS Laxman should retire on his own'", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Indian team failing to put up a fight Down Under, the senior batsmen have been under extreme pressure to perform, and the axe, it seems, will fall on VVS Laxman first.\"If he doesn't retire on his own, he will be dropped to make way for a youngster,\" said a BCCI insider.Laxman himself had targeted one more home series before deciding on his future.\"He is a great player and his contribution is immense, but you have to walk away some time. The consensus in the BCCI is that the seniors need to be eased out gradually and VVS will be the first to go,\" said the source.For 'Very Very Special' Laxman, 2009 and 2010 were phenomenal years in which he averaged above 67, but the tap of elegant strokes seems to have gradually run dry.Despite the poor run in England, he averaged a respectable 40.68 in 2011 with one century.But clearly, the signs were clear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11497127", "title": "Mayawati releases list of BSP candidates on her birthday", "text": "LUCKNOW: With the ruling BSP bracing up for the forthcoming polls, chief minister Mayawati on her 56th birthday released a list of all 403 BSP candidates for UP Assembly elections.BSP gave tickets to 88 SC candidates, 113 OBCs, 85 minorities, including Muslims and 117 upper castes including 74 Brahmins, among others.While addressing party workers Mayawati said \"The party has not organised any celebrations on my birthday this year as it could violate the model code of conduct. The party workers will be celebrating with their families,\" she said.She also said that Election Commission (EC) should take decision on Congres symbol that is displayed in a Chandigarh park and RLD's symbol that has been put up with govt funds.A programme was held at the party office in which workers and office bearers took part.Hitting back at the Election Commission, Mayawati said that the poll panel's decision to cover her statues was one-sided and biased. She said, \"The elephant statues were not erected in parks as party symbols. They were erected as part of party ideologue Babu Kanshi Ram's will.\"The poll panel had ordered that Mayawati's statues and the BSP party symbol, the elephant, be covered till the staggered elections from Feb 8 to March 4 are over.Mayawati's birthday celebrations in the past have been extravagant often courting controversy over the expenses incurred, active participation of bureaucrats and observance of the day as 'arthik sahyog diwas\".Last year, she had announced around 600 new projects on the occasion.Mayawati is expected to start campaign in Uttaranchal on January 16 and later in Punjab.In Uttar Pradesh , she will begin her electioneering later this month for the 55 constituencies going to polls in the first phase on February 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11500230", "title": "Nuclear-capable Agni-V launch soon: DRDO", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Agni-V, the 5,000-km version of the nuclear capable missile, is in the final phase of testing and is soon set for launch, a senior DRDO official said today.\"Agni-V is in the final phase of testing. I cannot predict the exact date of its launch, but it will be launched shortly,\" chief controller R and D (Missiles and Strategic Systems) at DRDO, Avinash Chander, said.He was addressing a press conference at the Terminal Ballistics Research Laboratory to mark the conclusion of its year-long golden jubilee celebrations.Agni-V, touted as India's most ambitious strategic missile, will follow last year's test of the country's most advanced surface-to-surface missile Agni-IV.The three-stage Agni-V and the two-stage Agni-IV are poised to add credible deterrence against countries which have missiles like the 11,200-km Dong Feng-31A, Chander said.Agni-V will feature Multiple Independently-Targeted Re-entry Vehicles (MIRVs) with each missile being capable of carrying 3-10 separate warheads.To a question, Chander said \"we have Rs 20,000 crore worth production orders for Akash missile.\"\"By 2020, India will be among the leading countries in the missile development,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11492778", "title": "Prayers mark feast", "text": "BANGALORE: Everyone who asks will receive - with that belief in their hearts, people congregated for the 41st Infant Jesus Annual Feast held at the Infant Jesus Church on Saturday in Viveknagar.Celebration began on January 4 with several mass offerings and prayers that were recited in the church every day. The market outside the church was abuzz with activity. The finale of the ceremony closed with a car procession and an idol of Infant Jesus taken around the area. The procession began at 6.30pm followed by taking down the flag to mark the end of the carnival. People of all ages gathered, the premises a hub of energy and enthusiasm from since day 1. Students from Balayeshu Vidyalaya rolled the drums with excitement as the chief guests arrived. \"Miracles happen, everytime\" says Cormel Collin Sheela, who is a regular at the church. Sacrament blessings were given to everyone present as a symbol of hope to start lives anew.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "11500302", "title": "Pakistan: 20 killed, many injured in powerful blast at Shia procession", "text": "LAHORE: A powerful blast ripped through a Shia procession in Pakistan's Punjab province on Sunday, killing at least 20 devotees and injuring more than 30 others, witnesses said.The explosion targeted the procession marking the 'Chehlum' of Prophet Mohammad's grandson Hazrat Imam Husain in Khanpur, 350 km from Lahore , this afternoon.Witnesses said people ran helter-skelter when the blast went off as the procession was making its way to the Darbar Husain 'imambargah' or prayer hall in the centre of the town.A journalist at the site of the blast told PTI that he had seen 15 bodies being brought to a hospital.Officials said another five persons succumbed to their injuries at the same hospital.Over 30 injured people were taken to hospitals in Khanpur and nearby Rahim Yar Khan, officials said.\"I was present some 300 metres from the site of explosion, which appeared to have been caused by a planted device,\" a witness named Abbas Raza said.The impact of the blast was so powerful that he was thrown to the ground and could not recover his senses for several minutes, he said.\"Several people were lying in a pool of blood,\" Raza said. Local residents took the injured to a nearby hospital before rescue teams reached the site, he said.Geo News channel beamed dramatic footage that showed the blast going off as the procession made its way along a narrow street with residential buildings on both sides.Men, women and children ran in panic as the explosion threw up a dense cloud of dust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11493535", "title": "For a first, kite festival to be part of desert fest in Jaisalmer", "text": "JAISALMER: For the first time, an International Kite Festival will be organised during the world famous Desert Festival to be held in Jaisalmer between February 5 and 7. Apart from this, camel race, camel polo, turban-tying competition and adventure competitions will also be organised for tourists.The kite festival will be organised for all the three days and a tender process is on for this. It is expected that many famous kite flyers from foreign countries will participate. Talks are on to organise BSF's camel mounted band and camel tattoo show. BSF camels will return to Jaisalmer by then after participating in the Republic Day parade in New Delhi.Tourism department deputy director Ajit Singh said the desert festival will be inaugurated with a grand rally on February 5. The centre of attraction will be men sitting on camels wearing traditional attire for Mr Desert competition. Apart from this, a tableau of Moomal Mahendra will portray desert life.On the first day, after the procession reaches Poonam Stadium, there will be ghoomar dance, turban-tying competition for domestic and international tourists, Moomal Mahendra competition, Mr Desert Competition, Miss Moomal competition, Mushyak Competition etc. In the evening, cultural programme based on folk dances will be presented.Next day, camel race, camel decoration, Shaan-e-Marudhar competition, camel polo, tug of war, matka race etc will be organised and in the night, cultural events will be organised. The desert festival will conclude on February 7 at Sam desert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "11493236", "title": "Bird count drops in Santragachhi Jheel", "text": "HOWRAH: All the effort to clean up water hyacinth from Santragachhi Jheel has yielded prolific results, perhaps more than what all had expected. After five seasons, nature lovers, enthusiasts and forest department officials who took part in a census at the waterbody on Saturday spotted a colourful visitor - Baikal Teal. Also known as the Bimaculate Duck or Squawk Duck, this resident of Siberia was last spotted in Santragachhi around 2004-05.The birdwatchers succeeded in identifying 13-14 species of migratory birds. Till afternoon, the count stood at 6,715 birds. Of these, nearly 6,500 were the Lesser Whistling Duck. Though this variety is found in the Terai region in India and Nepal , some of them could even have crossed over from China where winter is more severe. Of the Trans-Himalayan migratory birds spotted were the Northern Pintail, Common Teal, Garganey, Gadwall, Combduck, Purple Heron and Snipe.\"We conducted the census with help from the forest department and also organized an awareness camp for students. Several people with interest in the subject also turned up at the venue. The census operations went on from early in the morning till afternoon. Counting of the birds is important as this is the only way to find out whether something is wrong. This year, we counted 6,715 birds. In 2011, the number was over 10,000,\" said Kushal Mukherjee, secretary, Prakiti Samsad.The forest department is not too concerned with the fall in numbers this year. Officials pointed out that the number of birds visiting Santragachhi in 2010 was about 5,000. \"The number fluctuates. We are trying to find out whether cleaning of the waterbody has had its effect. We have planned awareness programmes for places like Uluberia and Amta where these birds feed. These programmes will be organized with the help of NGOs. We will also look towards building better infrastructure at Santragachhi. We were also part of the census on Saturday,\" said divisional forest officer Gautam Chakraborty.According to experts, several issues play a role in the migratory pattern of birds. The number of migratory birds fell when there was escalation of violence in Afghanistan. It then came to light that the tribal fighters in Afghanistan would take potshots at the overflying birds in a bid to bag some protein. Climate change also has a role to play in the migratory patterns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11497836", "title": "Sohail thrilled with victory", "text": "Khan is happy with his teams performance in CCLSohail Khan who heads the Mumbai Heroes team is happy with his teams performance. Even though they tied the first match the team won the second match with a good margin. There was celebration in the teams camp as players morale was high.Talking about the performance Sohail says, \"We played well, feeling great, we opened the second season of CCL in Sharjah, though there was a draw at first match on Saturday we won, we beat Chennai Rhinos consistently, with great effort and team spirit. Also it was the team spirit that made it happen. We have seen our first victory and plan to play well in this season.\"Buzz is that Sohail plans to personally reward players who delivered consistently and showed exemplary performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11495077", "title": "Vintage beauty back on track, chugs on steam", "text": "His grandfather was the loco-pilot for Winston Churchill , whenever he visited South Wales . His son though has never boarded a steam engine-run train, the photos of which adorn his living room back in the UK. Meet Marc Bevan, who has coaxed 11 people, including family members and friends , into buying tickets for the first commercial run of a heavy steam engine by the railways after a gap of 16 years.If Bevan could finally live his dream of seeing the black beauties chug out of the station, 85-year-old Patram could barely hold back his tears. The senior technician who once maintained steam engines at the Rewari loco shed (now a full-fledged museum ) retired 25 years ago, sulking at the government's decision to phase out steam locomotives. On Saturday, he was given the honour of flagging off the maiden commercial run of Steam Express from the Delhi Cantonment station to Alwar. \"I feel so nostalgic, as if I was reborn today,\" said the man waving the green flag zealously.Forty such men, women and children undertook the journey in the vintage steam-run on Saturday at 9.15am. Not surprisingly, 32 of them were foreigners-tourists and expatriates-each with their own reason for being on the train. The engine for the run, too, was chosen after much deliberation. \"It is a 1965-make WP class engine manufactured by Chittaranjan locomotives and decommissioned even before the Saharanpur loco shed shut down in 1987. A Pacific class model with a 4-6-2 wheel formation, it has 1,460 horsepower. It can touch 110kmph and was used to haul the fastest Express trains during its heyday,\" said Vikas Arya, senior divisional mechanical engineer (power), Northern Railway, the man behind the entire show.Arya said the heritage run will take place \"at least\" twice a month for the next two months. \"We will gauge the response before taking the run forward. At present, we are charging Rs 10, 200 per passenger for two days and one night that includes a return journey to Alwar, a stay at Hotel Tiger Den run by the Rajasthan Tourism Development Corporation, a Safari at Sariska, and sightseeing,\" said Arya.For UK national Mac Bean, whose father served in the British Army and drove trains at Berlin , or David Colenutt-he has been to India five times and taken a ride on almost all famous rail routes in the countrythe trip is not so much for its novelty but getting in touch with their roots. \"We are a team of rail enthusiasts from the UK, Australia, the US, and of course, India, who love train journeys and discovering the country . We have formed ourselves into the Darjeeling Tours and keep seeing each other when we come here,\" said Colenutt.For the children though it's the sheer grandeur of the engine that has captured their imagination. Tenyear-old Zoe could hardly take his eyes off the steam being spewed by the engine. \"It's my first journey on a steam engine-run train. I had heard a great deal about them, but will now ride one,\" she said. For couple Andrew Cartwright and Saowamas, who arrived at the station almost 70 minutes ahead of departure-even before the railway officials showed upthe trip was to relive the \"romance they had experienced while taking a similar heritage trip in Scotland five years ago\" .It was not just the foreigners who soaked in the carnival mood at the Delhi Cantonment railway station. The doctor couple, Amartya Chowdhury and Saurabhi Das Chowdhury, said it was the \"uniqueness\" of the occasion that spurred them to spend thousands. \"We hope it's a weekend we will always remember,\" said Amartya. The railways, too, hope such rides will become a permanent feature of their calendar. \"You can now book the entire train for Rs 4 lakh. We hope the Rewari Steam Locomotive Shed &amp; Rail Museum gets a good response through such runs,\" added Arya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11500453", "title": "FUTAB opposes order withdrawal", "text": "PATNA: The Federation of University Teachers' Associations of Bihar (Futab) has expressed its serious concern over the recent government move to withdraw its order of June, 2006, with retrospective effect, depriving the re-designated demonstrators from the benefits extended to them by the Patna high court and the Supreme Court.Futab working president Kanhaiya Bahadur Sinha and general secretary Sanjay Kumar Singh pointed out that this government order was issued on the advice of the advocate general and the decision of the state cabinet. By this notification, all graduate laboratory assistants, laboratory technicians/laboratory in-charge were re-designated as demonstrators with all consequential benefits as teachers from the date of their appointment.Unfortunately, the state HRD department issued orders on December 18, 2008, and September 3, 2009, denying the re-designated demonstrators of their status as teachers, though under the provisions of the University Act, the demonstrators are teachers. This resulted in a large number of cases being filed in the Patna high court. The court in all cases ruled the government could not go back from the decision communicated through its order dated June 14, 2006, the Futab leaders said.They further said that going back on its promises, the government has filed an SLP in the Supreme Court. The government is also trying to withdraw its previous order to win the case and deprive the designated demonstrators from their legitimate benefits. Interestingly, it was present education minister P K Sahi, who in the capacity of the then advocate general, had recommended implementation of the apex court order, declaring it to be mandatory.Futab leaders have demanded that such attempts should be immediately stopped, otherwise the government may be put in an embarrassing position in the high court, where contempt proceedings are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11494648", "title": "Some smile, some choke on Bhogi", "text": "CHENNAI: Some neighbourhoods in the city celebrated Bhogi responsibly, keeping pollution levels low, while some others threw awareness messages to the air and burned discarded materials, contributing to the smog cover.Residents of Adyar and Royapuram saw a decrease in air pollution compared to last Bhogi, but in places like Perungudi andAnna Nagar,the respirable suspended particulate matter (RSPM) was double the permissible limit of 100 microgram/ cubic metre. The average RSPM level in the city during the 24-hour period on Saturday was 142 against 129 last year and 128 in 2010.Three international flights coming in to land at Meenambakkam airport had to be diverted to other airports due to low visibility. Bhogi smoke reduced visibility to about 500 metres at the airport. \"Runway visibility remained between 500 metres and700 metresfor an hour,\" said airport metdirector R Suresh. Visibility remained low on roads and railway lines butdidn't affect vehicle traffic.Perungudi, where one of the two big dumpyards is located, RSPM count touched 232 on Saturday against 48 on Friday. Tondiarpet and Kilpauk registered RSPM counts of 246 and 228 on Saturday, but they were only about 20 counts above that of the previous day. The pollution control board said pollution levels have remained high in these partseven beforeBhogi because of metro rail and bridge works. Madhavaram, T Nagar andVirugambakkam also registeredhigh pollution levels. Adyar registered lowest RSPM level (61), followed by Thiruvotriyur (69) and Sholinganallur (80).A senior officialwiththe regional meteorological department said the below average minimum temperature added to the smog. The overall status of gaseous pollutants like sulphur-dioxide (SO2) and oxides of nitrogen (NOx)werefoundto be within permissible limits. TNPCB checked ambient air quality at 15 locations before and after Bhogi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11493534", "title": "Pillion rider dies in Pernem bike collision", "text": "MARGAO: Amit Shetkar, 31, a pillion rider, died on the spot and rider Sanjay Rane suffered injuries when their two-wheeler was involved in a collision with a tipper truck at Torxem, in Pernem taluka, on National Highway 17 on Friday afternoon.The deceased Shetkar, a resident of Banda in Maharashtra, and Rane were proceeding from Pernem to Babda on a Hero Honda motorcycle.Witnesses said that it was a hit and run accident. Amit succumbed to head injuries he sustained while Sanjay has been admitted to Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim and his condition is serious.The driver of the another truck, who was behind the motorcycle, lost control of his vehicle on seeing the accident, went off the road and fell into a ditch. The truck driver Surendra Pratapsing suffered injuries and is admitted to the district hospital at Mapusa. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11492637", "title": "Woman in suicide bid off ventilator", "text": "MUMBAI: The woman who attempted suicide in the same manner in which her boyfriend ended his life earlier this week was taken off the ventilator on Saturday.The police said her condition is critical and she is not in a position to give statement.The woman jumped from the fourth-floor flat of her parents at Versova on Wednesday and was admitted into a private hospital. She was operated on Thursday and was put on ventilator.The woman was married but was living separately from her husband. She was in a relationship with Vishal Gambhir, an executive in a private bank, who had committed suicide on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11492695", "title": "CCTV cover helps nab repeat offenders who visit Shirdi shrine", "text": "MUMBAI: The Saibaba Sansthan Trust in Shirdi, headed by senior Congress leader Jayant Sasane, has installed a state-of-the-art CCTV camera network, fortified with a face recognition software, on the temple premises to keep crooks at bay. And the Rs 5-crore system has already been yielding results.\"We have installed 110 CCTV cameras on the temple premises. This has helped us put an end to petty thefts on the premises and nab culprits. Ever since we installed the CCTV cameras in October last year, we have been able to nab 82 culprits. We handed them over to the local police,\" Sasane told ToI.Pramod Verma of Noida-based Vantage Integrated Security Solutions that has installed CCTVs at Shirdi said, \"It's a unique face recognition software to nab culprits. We had several rounds of meetings with local police officers to obtain information on and photographs of repeat offenders, bag lifters, chain snatchers and pickpockets. All the photographs have been fed into the software. As a result, the moment a person whose photograph and details have been fed comes in front of a CCTV camera, a continuous beep goes off and an alarm is raised in the monitoring room. Of course, the culprit is unaware of the beep system and alarm,\" Verma said.Sasane said the trust had been planning to instal CCTV cameras on the temple premises, especially in view of frequent terror threats and alerts from intelligence agencies.\"We were looking fora different kind of CCTV network. We felt that a CCTV network should be able to help us to prevent crimes on the temple premises. Fortunately, we found a CCTV network with a face recognition software and installed it immediately,\" Sasane said.A temple trustee said out of the 110 cameras, eight have been installed at entry and exit points. \"We have a security force of 800 persons. In addition, we have more than a dozen IT experts, who are monitoring and analysing the data from the CCTV network. We have set up a round-the-clock monitoring system to ensure safety,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11492302", "title": "Realty broker held for cheating", "text": "MUMBAI: The police on Thursday arrested three men who allegedly duped people by making false promises of getting a flat in the Maharashtra Housing Area Development Authority (Mhada) housing lottery scheme.According to the police, Rajkumar Verma alias Gaikwad (35), Harshavardhan Padghamol (37) and a realty broker Jeetendra Gupta (30) collected money from people and issued fake Mhada flat allotment letters. \"The documents stated that the allotment was authorized by a senior official in the state forest department. However, the official was unaware that someone was misusing his name,\" said SN Bhandge, assistant inspector of the Powai police station.The racket came to light when Annapurna Vhanne (27), a homemaker from Powai, approached Gupta enquiring for a house under the Mhada scheme. Vhanne, in her complaint, said, \"Gupta assured me getting a Mhada flat in Powai for which he demanded Rs 5 lakh. As soon as he received the payment he switched off his mobile.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11493399", "title": "Burnt forests on Kadamba plateau spark concern", "text": "PANAJI: A burnt and devastated landscape on the verdant and historic Kadamba plateau, comprising parts of several villages around its rim, has raised concern among residents of adjacent villages and social activists.Vast stretches of greenery on the scenic plateau covered with thick and green forests, some partly degraded stretches and also some orchard land, have been reduced to a charred landscape due to a series of fires recently.\"Villagers are in the dark about the cause of the fires, but it appears to be the handiwork of some vested interests,\" Cruzinho Pereira, a panch of Batim village panchayat, alleged. The huge Kadamba plateau stretches start from Talaulim, Bainguinim, Old Goa and Carambolim in the north down to Azossim-Mandur, Neura, Batim and Goalim-Moula towards the south.The plateau is largely a deserted expanse with only tenants in cashew plantations and workers active in an illegal quarry seen around. \"Now laying of roads and development of some projects has commenced here,\" a villager said. But no boards displaying approvals can be seen at either of the sites in Carambolim and Gancim.A series of mysterious fires in recent weeks has only sparked off more anxiety and concern among villagers, especially cashew farmers. \"A major part of my cashew plantation in Gancim, Batim was destroyed in a fire last Monday,\" says Damu R Naik, a resident of Dongorim, Mandur.More than 60 teak, cashew and other trees have been burnt in the fire. \"Most of the cashew crop for this season and my only source of livelihood has been destroyed,\" bemoaned Naik. The Naik family had sustained itself on the cashew farm for several decades.In a separate incident on the same day, a patch of cashew plantation and a storage hut belonging to Bhanudas Mashelkar was gutted in a blaze. In nearby Carambolim, fires in the past reduced forest areas to ashes. \"Small patches of forest areas were burnt in Azossim and Carambolim two years ago,\" Henrique D'Souza, an Azossim resident, said.Vistas of burnt patches of land is a common sight along the dusty road from Old Goa to the core areas of the plateau. \"Properties of those who have not sold their land are being burnt,\" Bismarque Dias, who accompanied mediapersons and some Batim villagers, said.But villagers are sensing that it is a well-planned strategy due to a familiar pattern. \"The fire on Monday occurred any time after 4pm when I went home from my plantation,\" Naik said. After he returned at 10am on Tuesday, the fire had covered only part of the area and died out.\"If the fire had occurred during the day, the dry grass would have spread due to the cinder dry grass,\" Pereira said. It has somehow died out due to moisture, perhaps the night dew, Naik added. The other cashew plantation which is some distance apart from Naik's property also caught the fire on the same day.Forest department sources said the area does not come under their purview as it is largely privately-owned land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11492717", "title": "PUTA elections on March 17", "text": "PATNA: Patna University Teachers' Association (PUTA), the oldest association of university teachers in Bihar, will hold its next general elections on March 17. A decision to this effect was taken at a meeting of the PUTA executive committee here on Friday.PUTA general secretary Randhir Kumar Singh said the election to the seven posts, including president, vice-presidents (two), general secretary, joint secretaries (two) and treasurer, besides the election of executive committee members from different constituencies would be held through secret ballots on March 17. The last PUTA elections were held on February 18, 2009.Even as PUTA has always been fighting for the cause of teachers and winning several battles in their favour, all was not well with it in recent times. Both the president and the general secretary openly opposed each other on different issues, causing confusion among the teachers.Singh said all the formalities of publishing the electoral rolls, filing nominations, scrutiny and withdrawal of nominations would be completed before March 8. Singh would not contest election this time as he has already served as general secretary of PUTA twice. As per the revised regulations of PUTA, no teacher can contest the elections for more than two terms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11493619", "title": "India, its languages and culture to be USP at Literature Fest", "text": "JAIPUR: Iconic names like Javed Akhtar , Prasoon Joshi, Gulzar, Ashok Vajpeyi, Asghar Wajahat, Atul Kanakk, Om Thanvi and several others will be showcasing Indian writing during various sessions at the fifth DSC Jaipur Literature Festival that begins from January 20 here.Bhakti poetry will be a major theme at the festival this year. In the keynote address, 'Bhakti Poetry: The Living Legacy,' Purushottam Agarwal and Arvind Krishna Mehrotra will invoke Bhakti poets and their enduring legacy.On Day 2, Yatindra Mishra, Kiran Nagarkar, Mahendra Bhanawat and Suman Keshari will discuss the lives Meera Bai and Akka Mahadevi with HS Shivaprakash. Another panel will focus on the works and lives of Kabir and Dadu Dayal.Writers Vijay Shankar Vyas, CP Deval, Hariram Meena and Rima Hooja will set out on a rediscovery of the unique, artistic and cultural heritage of the colourful and vibrant state of Rajasthan in the session: 'Rajasthan Ek Khoj'. Rajasthani dialogue and storytelling will be further explored by writers Om Prakash Bhatia, Rameshwar Godara and Shyam Jahangid and Lata Sharma in the session 'Hunkare Baat Aachhi Lage'.'Rajasthan in cinema' will be another interesting subject this year. Govind Nihalani and Ila Arun will discuss the real and fictional stories of Rajasthan in cinema with Bhaichand Patel.To discover whether Hindi is keeping pace with the changing times, or is there a vital disconnect between popular and literary usage, Om Thanvi, Prasoon Joshi and Manisha Kulshreshta discuss the future of the language with S Nirupam in the session 'Sahitya, Samaaj, Samay: Hindi Ki Kadamtaal'.This year an hour of readings from prose and poetry will take place everyday.The festival will also offer the delectable flavor of Bangla with Radha Chakravarthy, Fakrul Alam and Anita Agnihotri exploring shared heritage and examining new trends with Malashri Lal in the session 'Amaar Bangla'.Writers Gulzar, Navdeep Suri, Madan Gopal Singh and Mohammed Hanif will discuss Punjabi literature through songs, ballads and fiction with Nirupama Dutt in the session 'Raavi Paar: Readings from Punjab'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11498458", "title": "Judges to get retirement benefits despite premature quitting", "text": "NEW DELHI: Justices (retd) P D Dinakaran and Soumitra Sen would keep getting their post-retirement benefits, even though they resigned ahead of impeachment proceedings against them, as there are no Constitutional or statutory provisions restricting their entitlements in such a scenario.Department of Justice in an RTI reply has said Article 221 of the Constitution of India provides for entitlement and rights of Judges to salary, allowances and such rights in respect of leave of absence and pension from time to time determined by law made by Parliament.\"There is no Constitutional or Statutory provision restricting the Judges of High Courts from their entitlement to post-retirement benefits even in the case of Judges resigning pre-matured from their posts to avoid contempt proceedings,\" the department said in its reply.Activist Subhash Agrawal had sought to know from the department whether judges of Supreme Court and High Courts resigning prematurely from their posts, as follow-up of Parliamentary committees starting process to probe or initiating contempt proceedings against them, are eligible for normal post-retirement benefits.Justice Soumitra Sen of the Calcutta High Court had resigned on September 1 last year, five days before his impeachment motion was to be taken up in the Lok Sabha.The Rajya Sabha had on August 18 overwhelmingly approved the impeachment motion against Justice Sen who had been held guilty of misappropriating Rs. 33.23 lakh in a 1983 case.The then Chief Justice of Sikkim High Court P D Dinakaran had resigned on July 29 last year, a day ahead of the hearing of the three-member inquiry committee appointed by the Rajya Sabha Chairman to probe charges of land grabbing and acquiring of assets disproportionate to his known sources of income.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "11496178", "title": "Ravenshaw urges students to kick the butt", "text": "CUTTACK: Aiming for a tobacco-free campus, Ravenshaw University started a sensitization programme on Thursday, on the occasion of the birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda.\"With the youth becoming more susceptible to tobacco consumption, we have planned to make the varsity campus a tobacco free zone. Swami Vivekananda always believed in the power of youth.So we thought that it would be apt to launch the programme on the birth anniversary of the great visionary,\" said Partha Sarathi Mishra, dean of students welfare department of the varsity. \"In the first phase, we have started the sensitization programme to make students aware of the harmful impact of tobacco consumption and also urging them to leave the evil habit. In the next phase of the programme, we will impose a complete ban on the use of tobacco on the campus,\" he said.Posters illustrating the harmful effects of tobacco use were put up around the campus and supporting educational material and literature was distributed among students. This apart, regular motivational programmes will also be organized on the campus to not only inform students about the dangers of tobacco use but also educate them about ways to quit smoking, Mishra said.Arrangements have also been made at the university dispensary to provide expert counseling, tips and advice, consultation with doctors to students who want to quit smoking and tobacco chewing. Varsity officials said if a student requires medication or any kind of replacement therapy to leave the habit, help will be provided to them free of cost. \"We have discussed our plans with the chief district medical officer, Cuttack, and SCB hospital authorities, who have agreed to help us in providing free medication and therapies to students,\" Mishra informed. The varsity will conduct a survey of all colleges to ascertain the smoking pattern among students and the effect of the campaign, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "11493588", "title": "Ponda police raid massage parlours", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police raided two massage parlours in Ponda on Saturday to check if any sex trade was going on. While one parlour was found closed, the other was operating without a valid license, a police source said. The police source informed that the raids were conducted following advertisements that appeared in a local newspaper offering body massages. \"The raids were attempts to check any illegal flesh trade going on in the guise of massage parlours and to curb it if found,\" a senior police officer said. \"The police found several mobile numbers of prominent personalities from Ponda and Margao who were regular customers at the parlour. The police will summon them to ascertain what services exactly they sought from these parlours,\" the officer revealed. A source said that the matter has been reported to the deputy collector in Ponda since one of the parlours was found offering services sans a valid license, thus violating its trade license. The massage parlour had a permit to operate only as a hair-cutting salon. The source said that the police sent two persons to the parlours, who posed as customers. The police detained the five women. No arrests were made in the case and all the girls were released soon after interrogation, the source said.'SVM not part of JGE': SEZ Virodhi Manch (SVM) has in a statement said that it is not part of the 'Jagrut Goenkarancho Ekvott' which announced fielding candidates, including a priest, for the forthcoming elections. 'The SEZ Virodhi Manch has not heard of this organization nor was it consulted on the fielding of candidates. While SVM supports clean candidates and wants Goa to be rid of corruption, it is unfortunate that JGE chose to assume that the SEZ Virodhi Manch was supporting them,' stated convenor Charles Fernandes referring to JGE leaders naming SVM to be part of the organization.Meet condoles William de Curtorim's death: A condolence meet was organized to laud the contributions made by late William de Curtorim in the field of tiatr. C D D'Silva narrated his experiences with William and disclosed that the late tiatrist had to undergo numerous hardships in order to create a special niche for himself in the realm of tiatr. Piety Fernandes expressed his grief at the sudden death of William and informed the audience that William could sing fast songs and hence he was called the 'Jetspeed singer of Konkani stage'. Others who spoke on the occasion were Manuel Almeida and Anthony Cardozo. Numerous artistes from the tiatr fraternity including Prince Jacob, Star of Curtorim, Patrick Dourado, Premanand Lotlikar, etc attended the condolence meet.Carmel college holds course for unemployed women: The department of zoology, Carmel college, Nuvem, in collaboration with micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) has organized a 'six week certificate' course in bakery products, fruits and vegetables for the unemployed women of Nuvem and neighbouring villages. The course began on January 10 and will aid the participants in enhancing their knowledge and skills. The course includes professional teaching, financial backups, motivational talks, theoretical classes and practical demonstration.Career guidance workshop at Goa Velha: A one-day workshop on career guidance for arts, commerce and science students was held on January 8 at the multipurpose hall, Batim, Goa Velha. Daryl Gonsalves, the coordinator of the workshop in his welcome address, stated that his motivation in organizing this workshop was the lack of awareness about the career options available and the necessity of making the right choices for success in life.ClarificationThe comment attributed to Asavari Kulkarni, which was featured in the 'Short Takes' column of Times of India dated January 14, 2012, was not made by her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11495033", "title": "Three more arrested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The forest department late on Thursday night arrested three more persons from the fishing community. With this, a total of nine persons have been arrested in the poaching of 64 lesser flamingos in Venasar village in Maliya Miyana taluka.Of the nine arrested, six were produced in the court and were remanded in custody of the forest department till Monday. Officials said that the nine arrested so far have been maintaining that it was for the first time that they had been involved in a poaching incident.On Friday, the six persons arrested on Thursday were produced in the magistrate court in Morbi and after hearing the arguments at length, the magistrate granted their two day remand till Monday. The forest department had sought remand for seven days.The forest department in the arguments submitted that there were still more accused to be arrested and the investigating team wanted to recover the knife and other weapons and nets that have been used for the poaching of the 64 flamingos.Officials said that now that the remand has been granted, the forest department will on Saturday carry out reconstruction of the incident.The forest department will now inquire as to where these accused were selling the flamingo meat and where was it sold and for what purpose. So far one of the accused has even confessed during interrogation that they had even used the meat in one of the parties in a village in Morbi Taluka for the celebrations after the gram panchayat elections.The gram panchayat elections were held on December 29 while the counting took place on December 31. Officials said they are now probing the fresh angle of gram panchayat elections also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11501408", "title": "Nitish Kumar may stump in UP for JD (U)", "text": "PATNA: All the top bureaucrats will board Volvo buses on January 21 and go to Biharsharif for attending the review meeting to be chaired by CM Nitish Kumar . Only the chief secretary, DGP and development commissioner will travel by their official vehicles.On the same day, Nitish said, review of Patna district will be held here, and the officials will be back by afternoon to attend the meeting. \"The first phase of my Seva Yatra will be completed on January 21,\" he said on Sunday.Regarding UP assembly elections, Nitish said his party, JD (U), is contesting there on its own. \"If the party desires, I will stump there,\" he said, adding so far no such programme has been finalized. The CM left on Sunday for Madhubani, from where he will return on January 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11494993", "title": "CBI takes charge of Ishrat case probe", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of 12 CBI officials, headed by joint director V V Laxminarayana, formally took over the Ishrat Jahan fake encounter case on Friday.Laxminarayana, along with deputy inspector general of CBI Pravin Salunke, SP Sandip Tamgade and chief investigator DSP Kalai Mani and three inspectors, visited two encounter sites. Ishrat Jahan was killed near Kotarpur Water Works in 2004 and Sadiq Jamal Mehtar was gunned down in Naroda by a team of crime branch officials in 2003.On Friday, the CBI team met the Gujarat high court-appointed Special Investigation Team (SIT) chairman R R Verma and other members and took case documents from them along with basic information about the probe.The role that Laxminarayana will play is critical since he is in-charge of all four fake encounter case probes - Ishrat, Sadiq, Sohrabuddin Sheikh and Tulsiram Prajapati - which have been handed over to the CBI.The 1990-batch IPS officer of Maharashtra cadre who hails from Tamil Nadu may have to focus on the Hyderabad module of the Sohrabuddin conspiracy which is yet to be probed by any investigating agency.In 2005, the Gujarat Anti-Terrorist Squad officials conducted a clandestine operation in which Sohrabuddin and his wife Kauserbi along with Tulsiram were illegally detained from a bus in Hyderabad with help of Andhra Pradesh police. This aspect of the controversial twin encounters of Sohrabuddin and Tulsiram has remained uninvestigated till date.Laxminarayana is already quite well known down south. Largely owing to his investigation into Jagan assets and the APIICEmaar scam cases involving former chief minister of Andhra Pradesh Jaganmohan Reddy. Before being deputed to CBI, Laxminarayan had headed the Anti-Terrorist Squad of Maharashtra. After he joined CBI in 2006, he was posted in Hyderabad and is known for being a \"low-key man who means business.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "11492006", "title": "Four-month-old killed in Palm Beach Road mishap", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A four-month-old boy was killed in a car crash on the six-lane Palm Beach Road on Saturday afternoon.The toddler, Ayush Nimkar, was in the car with his parents, Vikrant (31) and Gouri (28), both of whom sustained injuries in the accident. The Nimkars were on their way to Belapur from Vashi in their red Chevrolet Spark when the accident took place.The parents are in a state of shock and haven't been able to tell the police what exactly had happened.\"So far, we have learnt that the car was being driven by Vikrant and his wife was sitting next to him with the baby,\" said an officer from the Nerul police station. \"Vikrant lost control of the car which was moving at a high speed, leading to the fatality,'' the officer added.A traffic police official hinted that a rashly-driven vehicle had dashed into the Nimkars's car, thereby causing the accident.\"A profusely bleeding Vikrant and his wife had to struggle to get out of the car with the baby,\" said a traffic official. \"The baby was rushed to Manak Health Care Hospital in Nerul, where he died of injuries.\"The Nimkars reside in Sector 6 at Kharghar. Vikrant is reportedly employed with a private firm in Vikhroli.The accident, which comes in the wake of a much-publicized and ongoing Road Safety Awareness Programme, has once again raised the issue of how to minimize mishaps on the 9-km \"killer stretch\".Considering the high rate of fatal accidents on the Palm Beach Road, a police officer has suggested a dedicated ambulance service from Vashi to Belapur.\"There are several hospitals and smaller clinics near the Palm Beach Road. But, there is no dedicated ambulance service to rush the injured to hospitals in time,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11494412", "title": "Net addicts' brains like cocaine users", "text": "Most are gamers who get so involved they go without food and water for extended periodsInternet addiction has for the first time been linked with changes in the brain similar to those seen in people addicted to alcohol, cocaine and cannabis. In a groundbreaking study, researchers used MRI scanners to reveal abnormalities in the brains of adolescents who spent many hours on the internet, to the detriment of their social and personal lives. The finding could throw light on other behavioural problems and lead to the development of new approaches to treatment, researchers said.An estimated 5 to 10 per cent of internet users are thought to be addicted - meaning they are unable to control their use. The majority are games players who become so absorbed in the activity they go without food or drink for long periods and their education, work and relationships suffer.Henrietta Bowden Jones, consultant psychiatrist at Imperial College, London , who runs Britain's only NHS clinic for internet addicts and problem gamblers, said: \"The majority of people we see with serious internet addiction are gamers - people who spend long hours in roles in various games that cause them to disregard their obligations. I have seen people who stopped attending university lectures, failed their degrees or their marriages broke down because they were unable to emotionally connect with anything outside the game.\"Although most of the population was spending longer online, that was not evidence of addiction, she said. \"It is different. We are doing it because modern life requires us to link up over the net in regard to jobs, professional and social connections - but not in an obsessive way. When someone comes to you and says they did not sleep last night because they spent 14 hours playing games, and it was the same the previous night, and they tried to stop but they couldn't - you know they have a problem. It does tend to be the gaming that catches people out.\"Researchers in China scanned the brains of 17 adolescents diagnosed with \"internet addiction disorder\" who had been referred to the Shanghai Mental Health Centre, and compared the results with scans from 16 of their peers.The results showed impairment of white matter fibres in the brain connecting regions involved in emotional processing, attention, decision making and cognitive control. Similar changes to the white matter have been observed in other forms of addiction to substances such as alcohol and cocaine.THE INDEPENDENTCaught in that webToddler starves to death as mother plays onlineA mother was jailed for 25 years after her daughter starved to death while she played an online game for hours at a time. Rebecca Colleen Christie, 28, from New Mexico in the US, played the fantasy game World of Warcraft while her three-year-old daughter, Brandi, starved. The toddler weighed 23lbs when she was finally rushed to hospital.Xbox addict killed by blood clot after 12-hour sessionsChris Staniforth, 20, died of a blood clot after spending up to 12 hours at a time playing on his Xbox. Despite no history of ill health, he developed deep vein thrombosis - associated with long-haul flight passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11494272", "title": "MCG's pension camp to begin from tomorrow", "text": "GURGAON: The Muncipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) will be organizing a special camp to distribute pension at various locations starting Monday. There are roughly around 8,000 pensioners within the corporation limit. And to ensure that only genuine claimants receive the benefits, a team of doctors will be accompany the zonal taxation officials at these camps. New applications will also be received at these camps. \"This camp will be organized between January 16-30 in accordance with the directions given by the high court to streamline the process of giving pension and to make sure that only eligible claimants get it.There have been instances in the past when people have tried to claim it even though they are not entitled to it. Therefore a team of doctors will be assisting other officials to ascertain the age and other factors,\" said an official. In the last House meeting, many councillors demanded that they be allowed to distribute pensions in their respective wards, claiming that MCG officials were not carrying out this work in a proper way. \"The least we can offer our senior citizens is an uncomplicated way to get their pension and we want to be able to organize it at a convenient location in all our wards,\" said a councillor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11499864", "title": "Pipili gang rape case: Prime accused arrested", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: In a major breakthrough in the Pipili gang rape case in Odisha, police today arrested the prime accused from Jatani area near here, while search was on to nab three others believed to have been involved in the crime.Prime accused Prashant Pradhan alias Pasei was arrested by a special squad from Jatani, about 22 km from here, Crime Branch SP, R C Behera told reporters here.The arrest was made a day after the CID-Crime Branch of police released the photographs of Pradhan and three other accused named in the November 28 rape case of the Dalit girl, he said.Crime Branch Police had formed four squads which raided different locations as part of efforts to nab the accused in the rape case, Behera said, adding the arrest of Pradhan was a \"major success\".Now the process is on to nab three other accused-- Sukant Pradhan, Purna Chandra Swain and Premananda Nayak -- whose photographs have already been released to enable people to furnish information about their whereabouts, he said.Meanwhile, follow-up steps are being taken a day after a specialist committee of doctors decided to shift the rape victim to AIIMS, Delhi, for better treatment.\"The girl's condition has improved from coma to semi-comatose state. The specialist committee monitoring her health has decided to shift her to AIIMS for better treatment,\" Sanjita Das, Administrative Officer of SCB Medical College Hospital, Cuttack said.The 19-year-old girl was shifted to SCB Medical College Hospital from the Capital Hospital here following an order from Orissa High Court, which would be informed about the committee's decision shortly, hospital sources said.Though the girl was allegedly raped by four persons on November 28, 2011, police registered an FIR on January 9, 2012 after the State Human Rights Commission intervened.Pipili rape case: Prime accused arrested, hunt on for othersBhubaneswar, Jan 15 (PTI) In a major breakthrough in the Pipili gang rape case in Odisha, police today arrested the prime accused from Jatani area near here, while search was on to nab three others believed to have been involved in the crime.Prime accused Prashant Pradhan alias Pasei was arrested by a special squad from Jatani, about 22 km from here, Crime Branch SP, R C Behera told reporters here.The arrest was made a day after the CID-Crime Branch of police released the photographs of Pradhan and three other accused named in the November 28 rape case of the Dalit girl, he said.Crime Branch Police had formed four squads which raided different locations as part of efforts to nab the accused in the rape case, Behera said, adding the arrest of Pradhan was a \"major success\".Now the process is on to nab three other accused-- Sukant Pradhan, Purna Chandra Swain and Premananda Nayak -- whose photographs have already been released to enable people to furnish information about their whereabouts, he said.Meanwhile, follow-up steps are being taken a day after a specialist committee of doctors decided to shift the rape victim to AIIMS, Delhi, for better treatment.\"The girl's condition has improved from coma to semi-comatose state. The specialist committee monitoring her health has decided to shift her to AIIMS for better treatment,\" Sanjita Das, Administrative Officer of SCB Medical College Hospital, Cuttack said.The 19-year-old girl was shifted to SCB Medical College Hospital from the Capital Hospital here following an order from Orissa High Court, which would be informed about the committee's decision shortly, hospital sources said.Though the girl was allegedly raped by four persons on November 28, 2011, police registered an FIR on January 9, 2012 after the State Human Rights Commission intervened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "authors create characters with soul for readers who imagine them. directors interpret them for viewers. actors give them body and voice. who is the hero and who the villain, in this love triangle? tridhara", "code": "11492964", "title": "Who's the real hero: author, director or actor?", "text": "Authors create characters with soul for readers who imagine them. Directors interpret them for viewers. Actors give them body and voice. Who is the hero and who the villain, in this love triangle? Tridhara: Charitra O Bhumika tried to unravel just this, on the fourth day of the Apeejay Kolkata Literary Festival 2012, at Star Theatre.Does an author think of a character first and then place him in a social milieu, or is it the other way around? When Nabarun Bhattacharya wrote Faltu, it was the character that came to him first, the background was woven to fit the protagonist in \"since all of us exist in some social context.\" That, however, means the social reality changes, and with that the characters change too, when a literary work is adapted on screen. \"Dialogue, environment, shades of emotion are all stuff that go into etching a character. When these change, I get distanced from my own creation, but I have little to do with it then.\"A director like Ashoke Viswanathan reads a book for the pleasure. \"I keep the director part of me under control and respond as any other reader. However, if a literary work leaves a deep resonance somewhere within me, I think of transcreating it on screen.\" It isn't as if one is drawn by strong characters, or a strong message, or dramatic emotional conflicts. \"Often it is the grand design of the milieu and characters that draws a filmmaker,\" he shared.An actor has to put in greater effort to prepare for a character that is rooted in its time. Tota Roy Chowdhury, preparing to play Behari in Chokher Bali, was told by director Rituparno Ghosh not to read the novel too many times but \"I read the script over and over to understand the character, his social context, and his relationship with the other characters.\" This, \"because a film is a director's medium, and we actors are tools in his hand. Ultimately his vision must prevail,\" Tota was seconded by Saheb Chatterjee and Paoli Dam.A director then must also take the blame when things go wrong. And things can go wrong, say, if a beggar is seen in new clothes. A director like Bimal Roy bought clothes from Chor Bazar for the cast of Do Bigha Zamin because \"new clothes, even when washed, don't look old,\" he'd said.An actor prepares not just in physical terms but in psychological terms too. Saheb had gone without a bath for nearly two weeks. \"I was stinking and still went on for a role where the character pretends to be out of his mind in order to evade a murder conviction.\"Who's to blame when so much commitment is wasted? If the film doesn't find a release or is a washout? Directors often are the villain, then, for the actors - and they're so for the authors too.The casting can also go wrong, to the horror of an author. A right face is half the battle won, as Suman Mukherjee realised with Subhashish Mukherjee in Faltu. \"But everyone thought it was wrong since he was known as a comedian.\" However, often the wrong casting is the result of a market calculation: \"Some names are considered saleable, but no one knows what will sell and what won't.\"On the other side of midnight, there's the danger of being typecast. Paoli Dam was so successful as Madhabi Lata in Goutam Ghose's Kaal Bela \"that everyone expected me to keep playing the typical Bengali housewife.\" So, with Bappaditya Bandopadhyay's Kagajer Bou, \"I decisively broke away from sari-khopa-tip and dressed in bikini,\" she said.A writer in his early years \"feels elated\" at the prospect of his work being turned into a film. But after a few 'misadventures' litterateurs become wary of seeing their creations on screen. Bani Basu has no complaints about Shwet Patharer Thala, though. \"The message of the film set in 1950s was important to me. There may be bits wanting in what I expected, but on the whole the message got conveyed to the viewers.\" Perhaps that's why it also got the National Award. Another reward is noticed in Hollywood where the sales of the book jumps up whenever a film is announced. In Bengal too, this does happen, Bani Basu said. \"For Shwet Patharer Thala, director Prabhat Roy had offered a very nominal amount. Then, in a conciliatory tone, he had assured that the hike in sales would make up for the pittance,\" she smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11494397", "title": "Have you had your greens?", "text": "Asimple test to check whether patients are eating their recommended five portions of fruit and vegetables a day could be introduced in Britain within five years.Scientists have developed a prototype test which tells them what people have been eating over the past week. They believe it will be an invaluable weapon in the battle against obesity and in aiding research into cancer , heart attacks and diabetes. The test, developed by researchers at the universities of Aberystwyth and Newcastle with Food Standards Agency funding, relies on the identification of the chemical fingerprints of s u b s t a n c e s found in urine that have been created by different foods as they pass through the body. Chemical signatures for r a s p b e r r i e s, broccoli, orange juice and salmon have already been successfully profiled. The team is confident that, in time, virtually every food ingredient will be identifiable.The urine sample currently has to be sent to a laboratory for examination but Professor John Draper, who led the work at Aberystwyth University, believes that the first commercial dip-stick tests could be available within five years.He said it could be an important tool for nutrition experts and medical staff trying to monitor the eating habits of obese patients trying to lose weight. But even more important, he believes, are the potential applications for scientists trying to establish links between diet and diseases.Thousands of research papers published every year point to links between food and disease, yet in only a handful of cases can scientists say connections are proven, because of doubts about the reliability of records of patients' diets.THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11492633", "title": "Statements of parents of teen who fell recorded", "text": "MUMBAI: The Powai police have recorded the statements of the parents of the 18-year-old college boy who had a miraculous escape from death. The statement of the security guard at Galaxy Cooperative Housing Society in Srishti Complex in Powai has also been recorded.In his statement, the boy said he was standing close to edge of the 13th floor terrace and exercising when he lost balance and fell down on Wednesday.Police officials said they have registered a case of accidental fall as they did not find anything suspicious.The boy is being treated at Hiranandani Hospital in Powai for a fracture in his right leg. \"In their statements, the boy's parents said their son left their 11th-floor flat around 8.30am and met with the accident minutes later. They said they learnt about the incident only when the building guard called them on the intercom,\" said an investigating officer from the Powai police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11492574", "title": "Pele, Cafu not coming to India", "text": "KOLKATA: The legendary Pele and Brazil's 2002 World Cup-winning captain Cafu are unlikely to make the proposed trip to India for the Super Soccer event at the Salt Lake stadium on January 23.According to sources close to the Brazilian greats, neither has any plan to visit Kolkata this month, leaving many to question whether the event will materialise at all. JPR Events, organisers of the event, had claimed that Pele would be in Kolkata as ambassador of the world stars outfit, of which Cafu was named as captain.When contacted, JPR Events CEO Sunil Hamal - who chaired the January 6 press conference to announce the Super Soccer match between Superstars XI and a Baichung Bhutia-led Indian XI - refused to make any comment and, instead, sought \"24 hours\" time to clear doubts over the proposed match and the star cast.It has been learnt that Sport 10, which owns commercial rights to Pele's image and intellectual property worldwide, was taken aback by the report of the legend being associated with the Kolkata match. Sport 10, through its US counsel Arent Fox, has reportedly sent a 'Cease and Desist' letter to JPR Events requesting that it immediately cease all unauthorized use of his name or image with the exhibition match.\"Marcos Evangelista de Moraes (better known as Cafu) is hundred per cent not going to India,\" said somebody close to the player, in a reply to a query from TOI.French star and Arsenal legend Robert Peres will be another absentee from the list announced by the organisers.The exhibition match - which, according to JPR Events, is part of the world stars outfit's marathon tour of 20 countries - is supposed to be held as a fund-raiser for the Football Players' Association of India, of which Baichung is the president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11493555", "title": "Army man kills 1 on highway while training", "text": "VASCO: In a fatal accident, a 30-year-old man was hit by Gagan Deep Singh, 25, who was training as a military driver. Singh hit Ravesh Utturkar, a New Vaddem resident, at Consua junction in Cortalim.At about 1.45pm on Saturday afternoon, Utturkar was riding his bike near the Consua junction, when he was hit by the military truck from behind. Utturkar was grievously injured in the accident and was immediately shifted to Goa Medical College and Hospital at Bambolim. He breathed his last there.Locals were irked at the military who train their drivers on National Highway-17B. A source claimed that Singh lost control of the truck as he was under training. The formalities to arrest Singh were ongoing till late Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11495104", "title": "Azhar at fest finale", "text": "NASHIK: Former Indian skipper Mohammed Azharuddin, several film personalities and Union minister for tourism Subodhkant Sahay would attend the Nashik Festival on Sunday.According to the organisers, Bhujbal Foundation, those who would grace the occasion of the Grand Finale of the festival on the Golf Club grounds would include Sanjay Dutt , Anil Kapoor , Irfan Khan , Shaan , Isha Koppikar , Amisha Patel , Manasi Naik and Sameera Reddy .A 150 feet wide and 50 feet high platform has been created for the occasion and six LED screens of 12 x 20 feet each would be provided for the audience to get a clear picture of the event.The Nashik Festival is an annual event organised by the Bhujbal Foundation and it had started on January 2. The fortnight long festival that was organised at various places in the city and some places in the district, included events like food festivals, musical concerts, competitions for students, bhajan mandalis, apart from sports activities.Since one of the sponsors of the show is Indiabulls, opposition leaders had accused the Bhujbal Foundation of offering a quid pro quo to the company that is also a government contractor. However, Bhujbal had, subsequently, clarified that the sponsorship for the event and the grant of contracts to the company were not linked in any manner.Despite the controversy over the sponsorship by Indiabulls before the Nashik Festival was announced this year, Bhujbal had gone ahead with accepting the sponsorship of the company for this year's event as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "11493097", "title": "Top rail officials sent on leave after mishap", "text": "MALDA: The railways ministry has wasted little time in fixing responsibility for Wednesday's accident where Delhi-bound Brahmaputra Mail collided with a goods train at Karanpurato station. On Saturday, Malda Division's divisional railway manager (DRM) Harsh Kumar and divisional operations manager (DOM) A K Mishra were sent on leave till further orders. Malda Railway Hospital's superintendent P K Sanki was also asked to go on leave.On Thursday, six railway employees, including the driver, guard and station manager of Karunpurato were suspended on charges of dereliction of duty.Early on Wednesday, a goods train that was stranded in the loop line rolled backward and smashed into the S-9 coach of Brahmaputra Mail. Several coaches of the passenger train were derailed and five passengers lost their lives. The important railway track got blocked for the entire day as a result of the accident.Preliminary inquiry revealed human error caused the accident. The driver and the guard had left the goods train unattended though it was 'parked' on a slope. The brakes gave away to the weight of the wagons and the whole train started moving backward.On Friday, commissioner of railway safety (North East) Dalbir Singh conducted a hearing in Malda. After going through the accounts of 21 witnesses, orders were passed against the DRM, DOM and medical superintendent. J S Chouhan, who was the additional DRM of Malda earlier, will be in charge of the division for the time being. An Eastern Railway official said R Gupta will replace Chouhan in the next seven days.Sources revealed action was taken against Sanki since the ambulance from the hospital reached the site late. Harsh Kumar took over as DRM, Malda, seven months ago. During his stint, there was a collision between two trains at Jamirghata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "mehalkalan", "code": "11500032", "title": "Amarinder promises one rank, one pension to ex-servicemen", "text": "MEHALKALAN: With Punjab going to polls on January 30, state Congress President Amarinder Singh on Sunday promised to ex-servicemen that he will ensure that the one rank one pension scheme was introduced.He said, he had already taken up the matter with the Central Government and hoped it will be implemented soon.Addressing a function organised by the Punjab Chapter of the Indian Ex-Service League here, Amarinder, himself an ex-army man, regretted that \"some bureaucrats sitting in Delhi who had no idea as what it meant to be a soldier were trying to put hurdles in the implementation.\"He appealed to the ex-servicemen to help and support the Congress in the forthcoming assembly elections in Punjab.He said, ex-servicemen are pride of Punjab but unfortunately they have not received their due after retirement or leaving the services of the armed forces.\"An important step in this direction has already been taken with the Rajya Sabha Committee on Petitions having recommended one rank one pension scheme,\" he said, while adding, Congress was committed that the rights of ex-servicemen are protected.He said, the party will pursue with the Central Government for 100 per cent implementation of One Rank One Pension scheme which will benefit 8 lakh ex-servicemen of Punjab.Among other things he promised included that ex-servicemen would be exempted from paying toll-tax on the state highways to be constructed on Public Private Partnerships basis, every effort shall be made to remove anomalies of the 6th Pay Commission for Defence Personnel and VAT on all CSD items will be exempted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11492820", "title": "KSRP cop in debt commits suicide", "text": "BANGALORE: Reportedly depressed over mounting debts, a 35-year-old constable with the Karnataka State Reserve Police (KSRP) allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself from an obstacle pole at KSRP ground in Madiwala on Friday night. The deceased, Veerupaksha Nayak, a native of Chitradurga, was serving as a constable in KSRP's 3rd battalion. He is survived by wife and two children. No suicide note was found. KSRP policemen found the body on Saturday.Investigations revealed he had borrowed money for household expenses. In another incident, a 36-year-old daily wage worker from Chhattisgarh was found hanging inside a shed in Chikkajala, around 5 km from BIA. Police said Bishon Raghunath had come to Bangalore on Friday and was to join work on Saturday. \"Bishon and his cousin Sabu Mann, natives of Chhattisgarh, came on Friday and were residing in a shed located in Vidyanagar. Both were labourers,\" police said. He was reportedly depressed and had left behind his wife and two sons in his village. According to Sabu Mann, Bishon was not willing to work in Bangalore, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11492667", "title": "Elgin theatre enters the pages of Bangalore's history", "text": "BANGALORE: Once known for showcasing the best of Hindi movies, Elgin now wears a deserted look, as the theatre tucked in a corner of Shivaji Nagar circle is a thing of history.The theatre will be razed down and a convention hall might replace it.Elgin was shut down 10 days ago. Established way back in 1896, the theatre stands as an epitome of the city's old world charm. It was then known for releasing the best of hindi movies featuring Amitabh Bacchan, Dev Anand , Dilip Kumar , Jitendra, Rekha , Wahida Rehman and other Bollywood stars.From 27 paise to Rs 25The single-screen theatre, which screened movies through old projector reels, was known for its affordable tickets. \"During 1960s, the price used to be 45 paise per ticket and before that it used to be 27 paise. When the theatre shut down recently, the ticket price was Rs 25. I have seen the rise and fall of this theatre. The customers for my tea shop were largely those who used to watch movies here,\" 65-year-old M M Khan, whose tea stall is situated just opposite to Elgin told STOI.He recalled the days when he used to carry bed bugs home after watching movies at the theatre. The wooden benches at Elgin were filled with bed bugs. Later the theatre owner replaced them with plastic chairs.Elgin still bears posters of movies from 1990s like Elaan starring Akshay Kumar , Madhu and Amrish Puri. Another last film for the theatre was Jeet, starring Sunny Deol , Salman Khan and Karisma Kapoor.Saleem Pasha, running a shop in the theatre building, said there were hardly any movie-goers visiting the theatre. \"The theatre became known for re-running old films. The last shows were of Hindi films released in 1990s. I have not seen any Kannada movie released here,\" he said. Tamil and Malayalam movies were screened as afternoon shows but in the past 10 years, there were no new film screenings here, said Pasha.Along with the closure of the theatre, his automobile shop has also been closed. Whether the theatre owner made money or not, I am not too sure, but I used to do good business, \" he said.The theatre had separate seating arrangements for the women folk. There used to be a curtain that divided the male and female audience. According to Syed Ghouse, who has a pharmacy near the theatre, the building owner has plans to construct a convention centre in the place of the theatre. The theatre owner was not available for comment.Theatres that were shut in recent pastKino, Alankar, Prabhat, Blumoon, Blue Diamond, Lido, Plaza, Galaxy, Swagath, Shree and Nanda were the other single-screen theatres that were shut down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11494311", "title": "CM to meet highways minister to discuss underpasses on NH-8", "text": "GURGAON: To expedite construction of flyovers and underpasses in NH-8 bottlenecks including Hero Honda Chowk, chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda is likely to meet C P Joshi, Union minister for road transport and highways, next week. In a recent meeting held in Chandigarh, Hooda discussed the reasons behind repeated delays in the crucial infrastructure project. Despite daily traffic jams on Hero Honda Chowk, the underpass project hasn't seen the light of day as the state government and National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) have failed to work out a cost-sharing mechanism.There are four such flyovers or underpasses proposed on NH-8 between Rajiv Chowk and Manesar: Hero Honda Chowk, Narsingpur, Anaz Mandi and Kherki Dhaula. While the state government claims that it is keen to build flyovers and underpasses on equal contribution basis with the NHAI and the central government, the project cost is likely to escalate to more than Rs 305 crore as estimated in 2009. \"This project is crucial for the state because the poor connectivity is leading to lack of investors' interest in the Gurgaon-Manesar region.We are hoping that some formula on cost sharing will be worked out in the meeting between the CM and the union minister,\" said a state government official. According to city traffic police, Hero Honda Chowk is not only a bottleneck for smooth flow of traffic, but it also records a large number of accidents. Last year as many as 105 accidents were recorded at the crossing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11492487", "title": "Citizen candidates to get soft skills training", "text": "MUMBAI: After a comprehensive round of interviews conducted by the human resource expert panel of Mumbai 227, the chosen citizen candidates will participate in a six-hour training session in soft skills. The training will be conducted at a retail store opposite the Mumbai police headquarters on Sunday.The training is mainly aimed at improving communication skills and body language. The citizen candidates selected are mainly social activists who do not know how to approach voters.\"We will teach the candidates to express - in 3-5 minutes - what to say about Mumbai 227, their candidature, objective and how to win the confidence of voters,\" said Mehul Kuwadia of HRD training firm Grey Cells.\"The candidates do not have a clue as to how to interact with voters and don't have good canvassing skills either. The political candidates are used to giving speeches. Each one will do a role play, where they will practise how to talk to voters, influence them and how to handle questions, including hostile ones,\" said Kuwadia. \"They will be given a standard script so that all citizen candidates across Mumbai speak the same language in the same manner,\" he said.Mumbai 227 has declared its list of 23 candidates in 227 civic wards. The list comprises people from all walks of life.Anand Sawant (55) from ward 218 in Thakurdwar runs a catering business and has been involved in anti-honking and zero-plastic drives in his ward.Rajesh Gala (39), a real estate agent from ward 118 in Ghatkopar (W), wants to build a municipal hospital and a school.Ward 139 in Govandi will have Mahendra Bhingardive, a law student, contesting as its citizen candidate. He wants to help skilled unemployed youth in his area find jobs. After running science tutorial classes, Nilesh Kataria (37) from ward 16 in Borivli (W) wants to improve the quality of municipal schools and hospitals and also help pavement-dwellers integrate with society without encroaching on public space.Writer-lyricist Varsha Jain (38) from ward 75 in Goregaon (E) wants to get rid of encroachments, repair and widen roads, improve waste management by encouraging segregation of garbage.Neelima Thakkar (48) from ward 97 in Bandra (W) has been associated with social work and NGOs in her area and works towards easing traffic congestion in Bandra Reclamation.The Chosen OnesThe 10 candidates who were selected on Friday include Ashwini Kadam (54, social worker, ward 195 in Parel); Mukesh Jain (41, medical professional, ward 206 in Mazgaon); Deepak Mirke (44, social worker, ward 208 in Mazgaon); Vishwajeet Sangle (35, HR professional, ward 210 in Grant Road); Vijat Shivdasani (69, ex-naval officer, ward 227 in Colaba); Mananath Gade (28, TV serial director, ward 119 in Ghatkopar west); Shirish Goticha (55, shop owner, ward 31 in Malad); Ujwala Lalge (42, marketing professional, ward 17 in Borivli west); Harishchandra Pandey (51, civic activist, ward 1 in Dahisar); Dr Abhishek Rai (31, dentist, Chandivli village in ward 151).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11493267", "title": "UGC mulls major hike in MPhil, PhD fellowships", "text": "PUNE: Officiating chairman of University Grants Commission (UGC) Ved Prakash on Saturday said the commission is contemplating a substantial increase in numbers as well as amount of fellowships at the MPhil/PhD levels to ensure more and more young talent is attracted to teaching in higher education.\"The issue of demand-supply gap for good teachers in higher education institutions cannot be overcome overnight, but it will gradually stabilise,\" Prakash told TOI on the sidelines of the 13th convocation of the Bharati Vidyapeeth here on Saturday.Prakash said, \"The situation is changing as the number of students appearing for the National Eligibility Test (NET) has gone up from 70,000, a few years ago, to nearly 2.5 lakh now.\" The NET is the qualifying exam for appointment as teacher at universities and colleges recognised by the UGC.\"The success rate in the NET too has gone up, which shows that a greater number of students are getting attracted to a career in teaching. This also provides a ray of hope, but we need to consolidate on the changing situation by increasing our fellowships, both in terms of numbers and amount, at the MPhil/PhD levels and make our scholarships more effective,\" said Prakash.On the quantum of hike in the fellowship grant under consideration, Prakash said, \"We have asked the universities to give us two different scenarios of what could be the situation in the event of a three-fold or a five-fold increase from present level.\"\"Depending on these scenarios and the resources we will receive from the Planning Commission under the 12th Five Year Plan, we will put to effect the fellowship and scholarship plan,\" Prakash said adding \"the whole idea is to ensure that students, who think of teaching career, do not go elsewhere. Prakash sounded optimistic about the UGC getting a lot of money under the 12th plan.\"The (Union) government has committed enormous resources and created a huge network of higher education institutions under the 11th Five Year Plan. This includes new IITs, IIMs, NITs, IIITs, central universities, 374 model colleges in economically backward districts of the country, 1,000 polytechnics, a school of planning and architecture and the Indian Institutes of Science Education and Research, among others,\" said Prakash.The emphasis, as such, under the 12th plan will be on excellence coupled with equality; access; quality; and upgradation of infrastructure, he said. \"There is no point in delivering sub-standard education after creating a huge network of institutions,\" he added.\"Our (UGC) goal is to see that each district becomes an education development hub by have at least one excellent college, which will be trend-setting in terms of infrastructure and allied support system.\"Prakash said, \"Quality cannot be seen in isolation. It will come from the large pool of talent from those sections, who are denied access to higher education. If you give them the chance, new ideas will emerge from their minds.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11492597", "title": "Govt nod for conventioncentre soon, says CM", "text": "PATNA: The wait for a world-class international convention centre with a sitting capacity of 5000, which is to be constructed near Gandhi Maidan here, is now almost over.CM Nitish Kumar on Saturday announced that government would give administrative approval for construction of the convention centre within a week or two. He was speaking after formally dedicating the renovated indoor auditorium, Premchand Rangshala, to people.\"The government has already given its in-principle approval to the project, which is aimed to provide world-class venue for recreational, cultural and other activities in the city. Things have been almost finalized now,\" Kumar told a packed audience, eliciting thunderous appreciation.Along with the convention centre, the chief minister said, a Sabhyata Dwar (Civilization Gate) will be constructed near Gandhi Museum. \"I have planned the Sabhyata Dwar because it will give people an unparalleled cultural delight. It will be situated just on the bank of the Ganga. The Ganga walkway, which is also planned, will add charm to it,\" the CM further announced.\"Patna has no crowd-free and spacious eating joint. At this Sabhyata Dwar, we will also construct a food court,\" he said.Expressing his happiness over the opening of Premchand Rangshala, Nitish said: \"The auditorium will be given to artistes at a reduced rate. The government will also give budgetary support to Premchand Rangshala.\"Announcing a slew of other development plans, Kumar said the government was planning to open a large Science Centre near Premchand Rangshala.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi also talked about various upcoming government projects of development. \"The auditorium has been renovated as per national standards which were recommended by officials of National Drama Academy. Renovation of Premchand Rangshala is a small part of the larger process to give artistes greater space,\" Modi said.The Rangshala has been given facelift at a cost of Rs 5.91 crore. The centrally air-conditioned auditorium with state-of-the-art lighting and sound systems can accommodate around 600 persons. Artistes later presented a play 'Kahan Gaye Mere Ugna'. It was watched by, among others, Nitish Kumar, Sushil Kumar Modi, art and culture minister Sukhda Pandey, building construction minister Damodar Raut and other officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "11493414", "title": "Cops foil bid to sell 4 girls", "text": "AKOLA: City police foiled an attempt to sell four girls out of state and arrested four persons, including a woman, on Friday.Shabbir Amin Kazi, Mohd Abbas Shahabuddin Mohd, Latif Shahabuddin, all from Chiru district in Rajasthan and Hanifabi from Akola were arrested.The cops got information that girls were being lured to marry persons living in the neighbouring state. Kotwali police raided the place on Friday where such deal was on. However, the girls made their good escape from the clutches of police.In earlier incidents, the cops had gone to other states to trace the girls sold there, but their whereabouts could not be ascertained. Such girls are being forced to prostitution, police said.2,200 voters' names not printedAs many as 2,200 names of voters were not printed in the list of Akola west assembly constituency the work for which was given to a company from Bhopal in Madhya Pradesh.UU Rajput, deputy collector (election), said that Infotech, Bhopal will be asked to explain why names were not printed in the voters list. A notice will be issued and an inquiry ordered, he added.The work on assembly constituency wise voters list re-verification was completed between October 1 and November 1 last. Of them, 1,098 applications were rejected. 69 applications were received for deleting names from the voters list. Of them, 7 applications were rejected. 680 applications were received for correction and 94 applications were set aside.10,771 applications for inclusion of names were received for Akola east assembly constituency of which 204 were rejected. 644 were received for deleting names of which 123 applications were rejected. 613 were received for correction of which 44 were rejected. 441 were received for changing the residential address of which 39 were rejected.2,200 names were found missing from the voters lists from Akola east and west assembly constituencies.ZP school in-charge suspendedDnyaneshwar Mandekar, centre in-charge of zilla parishad school at village Pati under Akola panchayat samiti, has been suspended from service. The order to this effect was issued by E Ravindran, chief executive officer of Akola zilla parishad on Friday.The suspended employee failed to obey the orders of superiors. He was charged with dereliction of duty. Moreover, he allegedly misled seniors, official sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11493798", "title": "RSS stage-managed ink attack on Ramdev: Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress dubbed the ink attack on Baba Ramdev as stage-managed by RSS to revive the \"exposed\" yoga guru ahead of UP and Uttarakhand polls.Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh demanded a probe on the funds that accused Kamran Siddiqui, who runs NGO Real Cause in Okhla, received during the NDA regime.The dubbing of Ramdev attack as fake contrasted with the all-round condemnation of the incident, highlighting the continuing bitterness between the yoga guru and Congress. Ramdev's conversion of a yoga camp in Ramlila Maidan into a protest venue against UPA resulted in a bitter stand-off which culminated in midnight police lathi charge on the gathering last year.Congress has since maintained that Ramdev and Anna Hazare were part of RSS plan against UPA, treating their anti-graft protests as a challenge to the Centre.Ramdev's sudden return to centrestage with the Saturday ink-attack raised concerns in Congress that it could be the rival's attempt to resurrect him ahead of crucial polls in Uttarakhand and UP, where he can be used to campaign against the party among his followers.The manner in which BJP took up his cause amid intense media coverage only deepened the suspicion in AICC, with Singh claiming that Ramdev was an RSS prop like Anna Hazare. \"It is an attempt to revive Ramdev to create a Hindu-Muslim divide,\" he said.Singh said that visuals of the attack showed strange ease with which Siddiqui came to the press conference and threw ink on Ramdev. He said the accused runs an NGO in Okhla and is known for his anti-Congress politics. \"You can still find Siddiqui's posters in Okhla targeting Sonia Gandhi ,\" he said, adding he was a member of Team Anna.The AICC in-charge of UP affairs said he stood by what he said about Anna and Ramdev, reiterating that their crowds were mobilized by RSS. He claimed that Congress was not bothered about Team Anna touring UP during elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11495097", "title": "Liquor recovered during raids in areas bordering Punjab", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: In view of elections in neighboring Punjab, the Kangra police on Saturday carried out raids in areas bordering Punjab and recovered around 55,000 ml of illegal liquor. SP Kangra Diljeet Singh said that raids were conducted as per the guidelines of the Election Commission of India to keep a sharp check on illegal transportation of weapons and liquor during election times in neighboring states.\"We have started a special drive in view of elections in Punjab and a team was constituted under ASP Nihal Chand, which recovered liquor from Nurpur and Chani areas bordering Punjab. A case has been registered against the nine different persons,\" he said.Nurpur lies on the border of Punjab, adjacent to Pathankot, and there are many areas surrounding this town which are infamous for making local liquor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11492289", "title": "Komaram statue to come up on Tank Bund", "text": "HYDERABAD: The statue of tribal (adivasi) leader Komaram Bheem, who fought against the erstwhile Asaf Jahi rulers, will be unveiled on Tank Bund on February 2. Civic works for building a pedestal to install the statue were started on Friday amid police security.Responding to many representations from tribal leaders, the government had announced the installation of the statue on Tank Bund in 2009.\"A few days ago, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) gave permission and allotted a site near Rani Rudrama Devi statue on Tank Bund to install the Komaram Bheem statue. The government has spent Rs eight lakh on the nine-foot bronze statue. It will be unveiled on February 2,\" deputy director, department of culture, Vasantha Rao, told TOI.This would be the second statue of Komaram Bheem (a cement one was unveiled in Adilabad) in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11493926", "title": "Seventh sense: Night Shyamalan is from Africa", "text": "CHENNAI: When Manoj Night Shyamalan's 1999 film \"The Sixth Sense\" made waves in Hollywood, many asked: \"Where is this young man from?\" His father Dr N C Shyamalan seems to have taken the question too seriously.Thirteen years later, 74-year-old Dr Shyamalan is all set to publish a book that traces his roots to a group that migrated from Africa 30,000 years ago to Krygystan in central Asia and later a subgroup that moved to north Malabar in Kerala, where they are now called 'Thiyas'.Dr Shyamalan, a Fellow of the American College of Physicians and Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians of Canada, says he relied on \"collaborative proof \" based on historical evidence and archaeological findings to which he compared his DNA profile to confirm the ancestry.Based on genetic makeup, humans are classified into groups labelled 'A' to 'R'. Shyamalan, who was born in Mahe in north Malabar, says he got his DNA tested.\"I found that I belong to group 'K' and subgroup 'L'. Further studies showed that the 'K' group had migrated from North Africa to central Asia. It inhabited the valley of Tien Shan. From this comes the word 'Thiya'. A section of them ('L' group) then moved to north Malabar, Coorg and the Nilgiris via Pakistan and Rajasthan,\" he says.Another part of this group called Sekon went south-west to Indus Valley to Punjab and another called Sekovar to Rajasthan. 'Chekavars', the 16th century warrior caste of Kerala, are descendents of Sekovars, says Dr Shyamalan, who challenges the popular belief that Thiyas are the same as Ezhavas of Kerala. \"Thiyas are not Ezhavas, but that's a different story,\" he says.So, how does Manoj Shyamalan see the findings? \"He found them interesting, but you know he is not interested in caste or creed,\" says the proud father who is planning to organise Thiyas in Kerala to open a museum to display their ancestry and heritage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "11495059", "title": "Toll plaza employee attacked", "text": "AMBALA: Some miscreants travelling in a car on Friday night attacked an employee of a toll plaza on National Highway Number-1at Shambhu village, which falls in Punjab, when the employee did not let them go without paying the fee.The injured employee, Ajit Singh, said that there were four to five persons in a car and they refused to pay the toll fee. \"When I insisted, one of them attacked me with a sharp-edged weapon,\" he said. Later, the miscreants fled from the spot. Suresh Yadav, in-charge of the toll plaza, said CCTV cameras installed at the place recorded the incident.Police started search for the assailants but no one could be arrested till the filing of this report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11492275", "title": "GHMC officials dig in after transfer", "text": "HYDERABAD: Though nearly a fortnight ago some additional commissioners and deputy municipal commissioners of the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) were transferred, some of them are reluctant to take charge, while others are making efforts to cling to their current posts.GHMC sources said one of the officials was reluctant to join as additional commissioner (health and sanitation), while another, a zonal commissioner, was making efforts to continue in his current post reportedly with the help of home minister P Sabita Indra Reddy and city MLAs. As a result, the transfers have been put on hold unofficially.GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu had shifted additional commissioner (health and sanitation) S Aleem Basha and posted him as west zone commissioner on health grounds. The present commissioner of West Zone, who is facing allegations of allowing illegal constructions in Ayyappa Society in Madhapur, was posted as additional commissioner (electricals), considered to be a 'loopline' post.Deputy municipal commissioner (DMC), Kukatpally, N Ravi Kiran, has been posted as additional commissioner (health and sanitation) and DMC of Serlingampally-1 (circle 11) G Krishnaiah was moved to Kukatpally. DMC of Serilingampally-2 (circle 12) was given full charge of circle 11 till further orders.Incidentally, these transfers were done on January 2, 2012, a day before the election of the new mayor and the transfer orders were served on the respective officials the next day. However, the commissioner had instructed the deputy municipal commissioners to take charge only after January 5 as revision of electoral rolls was going on. Even after a week, the officials have neither reported at their new postings nor have they been relieved from their present postings.The sources said some officers were reluctant to accept the additional commissioner (H&S;) post, considered to be the second most important one after AC (Planning). The sanitation and health wings, which oversee lifting garbage, trade licences and transport wing, are handled by the additional commissioner, and the icing on the cake is, the wing has a budget of Rs 400 crore at its disposal.However, the wing reeks of corruption and several inquiries have been ordered by the municipal administration and urban development department. Former additional commissioner (H&S;) R Rammohan Rao's request for voluntary retirement was rejected by the MA&UD; in view of corruption allegations in the transport wing. The vigilance and enforcement (V&E;) department has been probing allegations in the transport wing for the past few months.Recently, a scam in sweeping units surfaced in circle 7 (Abids) during inspections by special commissioner Navin Mittal and the GHMC commissioner has decided to crack the whip.As if all this was not enough, governor Narasimhan pulled up GHMC health officials over an overflowing garbage bin at Khairatabad. Facing heat from him, both the additional commissioner and commissioner took care in maintaining cleanliness in the entire area.\"The additional commissioner (H&S;) has to be on toes round-the-clock. The official is supposed to start his duties at 4 am and monitor sanitation works. It is a stressful job,\" an official said. Sources said Ravi Kiran initially hesitated to take charge of additional commissioner, but later accepted it after the commissioner's insistence. Before consulting Ravi Kiran, some zonal officials and additional commissioners were also consulted by the commissioner, but they too were reluctant to take the post. The post was then offered to Ravi, a relatively junior official who has been working as deputy municipal commissioner, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11494293", "title": "Sector 12 slum dwellers to be relocated to EWS flats", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has decided to allot its low-cost houses built for economically weaker sections (EWS) in Sector 47 to slum dwellers of Sector 12. HUDA has sought residential proof and identity details of those living in slums near the telephone exchange. \"Before starting the allotment process, we have sought details of slum dwellers living in the area from the district food and civil supplies department.The details would be made available shortly after which the process of allotment would begin,\" said administrator Praveen Kumar . Only those who have been living here since 2003 or before will be eligible to apply for the EWS flats. More than 200 slums have come up in the area over the decade. Among the documents mandatory for the eligibility are ration card or voter identify card. HUDA officials will set up a camp to cross-check the details of all the applicants. Sector 12 is one of the upscale localities and HUDA officials see commercial benefits in making the land slum-free. \"Earlier, there used to be a small water body here.But as slums mushroomed, the pond driedup. Once the land is cleared from encroachments, the authority can develop a commercial complex here,\" said a HUDA official. The decision to rehabilitate the slum dwellers was taken in a recent meeting. \"As per the Ashiana scheme, affordable housing is provided to the economically weaker sections of society. It was decided in the meeting to allot newly built flats in Sector 47 to these slum dwellers,\" added the official. HUDA had shelled out Rs 20 crore to develop the housing project. Earlier, allotment of these flats had been put on hold due to reluctance of the civic agency. The first preference was to be given to those evicted for various developmental projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11493071", "title": "Deshprabhu to join Cong on Monday", "text": "PANAJI: After camping in Delhi for the last few days and meeting Congress leaders, former Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) national secretary Jintendra Deshprabhu has cleared the way for himself to join the Congress party fold.Speaking to STOI, Goa Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) president Subhash Shirodkar confirmed this saying, \"Deshprabhu will officially be inducted into the Congress party on Monday. \"Sources within the party said that All India Congress Committee president Sonia Gandhi has also given the green signal for Deshprabhu to join the Congress. \"The high command has cleared Deshprabhu's entry into the party, but his candidature from Porvorim is yet to be finalized,\" said Congress party sources.TOI had reported that Deshprabhu was aiming for a Congress ticket to contest from Porvorim. Sources, however, said that the Porvorim seat may be given to the NCP if the Congress-NCP alliance is formed.Deshprabhu joined the Congress party in 1968. He contested his first election on a Congress ticket from Pernem in 1999 and won. In 2002, he contested from Pernem on the Congress ticket and won again but lost the Pernem seat in 2007. In 2009, he joined the NCP and contested the parliamentary election where he lost to Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) candidate Shripad Naik.Recently, he was sacked as the NCP national secretary after he was arrested for illegal mining in Korgao, Pernem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11497485", "title": "Balbir Krishan loves Balbir Krishan", "text": "A gay artist from UP and his Delhi-based actor lover dropped one half of their birth names, replacing it with each other's first names, to take on identical titles.In Kolkata, producer Biswajit Baruah is now Hochi Minh. Purba Dutt investigates the curious case of the adult Indian name change.Balbir Krishan is 38. He teaches at a government school in Bijrol, a village in Baghpat district of Uttar Pradesh that's home to a farming population of Jats, Brahmins and Muslims. But he is happiest when he paints. Or when he is with his partner.Balbir Krishan is 33. A government school teacher from UP, he is now a resident of Delhi, and a student of the National School of Drama. He is happiest when up on stage. Or when he is with his partner. Clones? No, just lovers.In an innovative, if not desperate attempt to establish a combined identity while telling the world of his sexual orientation, gay artist Balbir Singh dropped his last name, and took on his partner, Krishan Pal Tomar's first name, in 2004. Tomar did the same. \"We share the same name and the same signature across our ID cards, passports and bank accounts,\" says Krishan while on a visit to Delhi where he is exhibiting a collection of male nudes at the Triveni Kala Sangam.\"Our families thought we were mad. I couldn't go around telling everyone we were together. This was a way to let people know, and help them understand easily.\" For a same-sex couple in India, marriage is far from possible. This way, their relationship was 'solemnised', reasons Krishan, whose explicit art led Bijrol's villagers to excommunicate him. Relatives and elders refused to accept pranam from him. \"I hid some of my paintings, ripped the rest. Choosing to be an artist was as much a sin as being homosexual.\"The professional name changers When Nottingham-based beauty therapist Charlotte Price made it to the papers last fortnight for taking her infatuation for the colour pink seriously enough to change her name to Pink Sparkly and All Things Nice, we thought she was going a bit far. The mother of three was candid enough to tell a London reporter, it was done for 'a bit of promotion' for her business.Mumbai-based counselling psychologist Deepak Kashyap doesn't quite see it as a marketing gimmick, though. \"Our names are our identity. They signify who we are. Human need for approval is unending, and so, passing a value judgment on those who decide to change their names, is far from fair. As for Price, the decision was based on achieving a goal, not seeking approval. It's not indicative of low self-esteem. It's a sign of adapting.\"Stars do it all the time. Instances of celebrities changing their names at the onset of their careers to get a foot in the door are plenty. Would a Krishna Pandit Bhanji have had a shot at playing Gandhi with Richard Attenborough if it weren't for the Ben Kingsley he had become by then, is a matter of debate, but the Oscar-winning actor has admitted to having changed his name after being noticed on stage, fearing that a foreign name might hamper his career.And while JK Rowling writes about luck and magical spells, the British writer behind the Harry Potter series wasn't taking any chances when she decided to forego her first name for the initials 'JK' since she thought boys would turn up their noses at a book written by a lady.\"Sometimes, it just has to be done, you know. I could live with women pulling my leg but when the men got on to it, it was embarrassing,\" says Hardik Vithalani. The Mumbai-based DJ was only 20 when he visited Manchester in 2000, and was ribbed for the connotation his first name held. He decided he'd call himself DJ Notorious, inspired by his favourite American rapper The Notorious B.I.G. \"I am a zero-notoriety guy, sweet and simple. But believe me, the name has gone down well with the music fraternity. I doubt I would've achieved half as much if I were DJ Hardik!\"Calling names! An identity is about uniqueness as much as it's about fitting in, being part of a clan. Kashyap says Vithalani's decision was a sound one. \"If the uppermost feeling in your head is that you aren't one of them, it's best to opt for a change. A boost for self-esteem and a shot at better adjustment is always good.\"Mathew Irene would agree. \"I was Irene Mathew T Abraham,\" says the Thiruvananthapuram-based software professional grandiosely. Predictably, he was ragged for carrying a girl's name. \"I was immature then to see the beauty of my name. I just wanted to get rid of it, replace it with something manly. I dropped the 'Irene', legally.\" His happiness though, was short-lived when he realised that it was as Irene that he was known in professional circles, and among friends. \"And, so, unofficially, I began introducing myself as Mathew Irene.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11494378", "title": "'Get people into your museums'", "text": "Indian museums badly need overhauling and who better than the director of British Museum, Neil MacGregor , to help do it. In Delhi recently on an ambitious project in collaboration with the ministry of culture to train Indian professionals, he tells Archana Khare Ghose that exchange between all parts of the world has to go up.Your team will be training Indian museum professionals. What do you think are the disadvantages that Indian museums suffer from but could improve upon? Fortunately for India, it has two of the hardest things to acquire in a museum - scholarship and great collections. All you need now is to get people into the museums. I think Indian museums are right now focused on their collections but it would be of immense interest for the public if they were to get opportunities to see collections from say, Mexico, China, Iran , etc., in their own museums through loaned exhibitions. The collection of the British Museum is available to see for free to all those who are \"curious or studious, native or foreign\" and we could loan them for exhibitions.When you took over as director of the British Museum, it was reportedly under financial deficit. What has changed in the museum since then? The British Museum turned 250 years old in 2003 and that's when we went back to the original purpose with which the museum was set up. It was set up to build a resource for understanding the whole world and why our present is the way it is. What we've tried to change is to use the extraordinary treasure of the museum to understand all the corners of the world, to make sense of the world through our collection. We've taken quite a few exhibitions of our important treasures to the places that they came from - like the exhibition of ancient Persian artefacts to Tehran - and brought interesting ones to the British Museum, like The First Emperor, which included Chinese terracotta warriors too. The idea is to increase exchange between all parts of the world.The Elgin Marbles - classical Greek sculptures in the British Museum removed from the Acropolis of Athens by Thomas Bruce, 7th Earl of Elgin, the British ambassador to the Ottoman Empire from 1799 to 1803 - have remained in contention with Greece demanding the sculptures back. The British Museum has treasures from all over the world, including India. How do you deal with demands for return of treasures? These were acquired in a different set of circumstances and in many cases would have been totally lost to the world had they not been preserved by the British Museum. Housed in the museum, they have become accessible to visitors from all over the world. We have offered to loan these sculptures to Greece for an exhibition but they refused saying they would either take it back as owners or not at all.Your radio series-turned-book, A History of the World in 100 Objects, is a novel way of looking at the world through objects from various civilizations and how these have shaped up the world we live in. How does it help in understanding history better? The way we study history right now is ludicrous. We need a new history for the entire world, to take argument out of the European tradition and understand histories of people before they were 'discovered' by the Europeans. For instance, we don't know anything about emperor Ashok though he is so vital to understanding why an Indian thinks the way he does - Gandhi, Nehru and many other thinkers from India can trace the origin of their thoughts to Ashok. That's why Ashoka's pillar is one of the 100 objects in the book. This book is based on a BBC Radio 4 series and is an exhaustive introduction to the world that we don't know about. I hope it will lend new meaning to world history.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11492926", "title": "No leads in baby theft case", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after a two-day-old baby went missing from Chittaranjan National Medical College and Hospital, police are yet to nab the woman who had allegedly sneaked into the ward and taken away the baby. On Saturday, police made a sketch of the woman, but none of the hospital authorities could identify her.Hospital authorities also submitted a report regarding the caseto senior health department officials on Saturday. The state health department asked all the hospitals to review their security system.On Friday evening, Taniz Fatema admitted to the labour department of the hospital,claimed that her two-day-old baby was missing. The family had also lodged a complaint with Beniapukur police station. following which police had initiated a probe.Pobe revealed that a burqa-clad woman took away the baby from the ward late on Friday afternoon, shortly before arrival of her husband. Late on Friday, the family lodged a comoplaint with Beniapkur police station. Investigators said that video footage from CCTVs installed on the ground floorshowed two women were spotted. Both wereloitering suspiciously in the hospital.While earlier it was suspected that the woman had allegedly druggedTaniz told police that she had slept off after taking medicine and when she woke up she found the burqa-clad woman, seen in the CCTV footage, beside her bed., Taniz claimed on Saturday.The ayahs in the ward also said that it was the same woman., claiming herself to be a relative of the patient.The woman took the baby on her lap and played with it for some time, said an ayah.Police suspect that the woman is a member of a child theft racket and has links with a section of hospital employees.The local police station and the detective department are probing the case.Day after the theft of a new born baby from Chittaranjan National Medical College and Hospital, police could not make any headway in the case. On Friday evening Tanij Fatima, a woman admitted in the labour department of the hospital claimed that her two day old baby went missing.Probe revealed that a burqua clad woman took away the baby from the ward in the late afternoon, shortly before arrival of her husband. Late on Friday, the family lodged a comoplaint with Beniapkur police station. The investigators said, from the footages found from the CCTVs installed on the ground floor, two suspected woman were spotted. Both were loitering suspiciously.Tanij told police that she was suffering from pain and after having a medicine she slept. Sometime later she wake up with and found an woman beside her bed. On Saturday Tanij claimed that the burqua clad woman who was spotted by the CCTV was beside her bed. The ayahs in the ward also claimed that the same woman was sitting beside Tanij's bed who claimed herself as a relative of the patient. Even the woman took the baby on her lap and played with the baby for quite long, said an ayah.On Saturday police made a sketch of the suspected woman but none of the hospital could identify the woman. Police have reasons to believe that the woman was a member of a child theft racket and definitely she has links with a section of the the hospital employee. \" The woman entered inside with a green card which are meant for the relatives of the patient,\" said an officer. With the local police station, detective department is also probing the case. On Saturday evening the hospital authority submitted a report to senior health department officials. The state health department asked all the hospitals to review the security arrangement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11493477", "title": "Three of family brutally killed at Bilara farmhouse", "text": "JODHPUR: In a gruesome bloodbath, three persons of a family were killed and two others injured when some unidentified assailants attacked a family at a farmhouse in Bilara near Jodhpur on Friday night. The injured have been referred to MDM hospital here. The condition of one is reported to be serious. Five members of a family were sleeping in their farmhouse when some motorcycle-borne assailants broke into the house around midnight and attacked them with sharp-edged weapons.Ratna Ram (80), wife Dakhu Devi (75) and grand daughter Sangeeta (18) were killed on the spot. The other two members were seriously injured, sources said. The assailants later looted the house and decamped with the booty in a Bolero parked at the residence, leaving the bike behind.Bike used by assailants was stolenJODHPUR: On Saturday morning, when a boy came to cut a tree near the farm, he heard someone crying for help inside the house. On entering the house, he saw the bodies lying in a pool of blood, and informed the villagers.The injured were rushed to a nearby hospital, from where they were referred to MDM Hospital. According to police reports, the bike used by the assailants was stolen from Beawar. After inspecting the crime scene, the cops concluded there were three attackers.Villagers protesting against the incident, demanded immediate arrest of the killers and blocked the highway for about three hours. They cleared the way only after senior police officials reached the spot and assured them of action against the culprits. Police have launched a search for the Bolero and are waiting for Ratna Ram's son to return from Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11495123", "title": "Fake CBI officer nabbed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A youth was arrested for posing as a CBI cop from near Navgujarat College on Friday. Police identified the impersonator as Vivek Gupta.According to Naranpura police officials, Gupta was caught by students of Navgujarat College after he started asking their identity cards, posing as an assistant superintendent of police with CBI. When Gupta told the youths that he suspected them to be drug peddlers, one of them called up his uncle working in a security agency.\"When the youth's uncle arrived he asked for Gupta's ID card. Suspecting him to be fake, the youths dragged him to the police station where he broke down and confessed to the fraud and said he wanted to dupe students. He said he worked as a bank official in Mumbai,\" said a Naranpura police official.\"Gupta has the ID card of branch manager of Oriental Bank of Commerce in Mumbai, which we suspect to be a fake one. We've intimated the bank to cross check this,\" the official added.Gupta broke down before cops and said he wanted to dupe the students by posing as a CBI official", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11494970", "title": "Horticulture association to organize city garden competition", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Horticulture Association is organizing a garden competition of Ahmedabad city gardens on January 23. The Gujarat Horticulture Association nursery at Panchavati Road, Near Law Garden, Ahmedabad will hand out the forms for taking part in this competition for which there will be no entry fee.The participants will have to submit the forms to the association on or before January 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11492891", "title": "B'lore school aims at the soccer sky", "text": "BANGALORE: In a move that could pitch the game higher in India, KNVB, the Royal Dutch Football Association, will provide tactical and technical expertise for a 24/7 football school for Bangalore's underprivileged children.The Ozonegroup Football Academy will be located in Whitefield. A five-acre campus will have a state-of-the-art training facility and a residential layout that will house children in the under-12 age group. They will be inducted every year in batches of 60.KNVB's world coaches, one of whom is Nico Labohum, will be based in Bangalore. Another, Garard Nijkamp, will travel back and forth from the Netherlands. The Dutch will be assisted by 8 Indian coaches, who will be trained by Labohum and Nijkamp. The first of the coaching initiatives, a three-day level 1 course, will begin on January 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11493819", "title": "Warm weather to greet runners: Met", "text": "Along with the high enthusiasm in the air, the runners and onlookers at the Standard Chartered Mumbai Marathon 2012, in which the Times of India is the print partner, can expect warm weather today. The weather bureau has predicted a moderately high daytime temperature of around 28 degrees Celsius at CST, the full marathon's start and end point.The bureau said the general trend of Sunday's temperatures should be like Saturday's. The minimum recorded in Santa Cruz early on Saturday morning was 15 degrees Celsius, while at Colaba it was 19 degrees Celsius. The maximum for Colaba and Santa Cruz were 33.4 and 33.8, respectively.\"We are not expecting any drastic change in the weather on Sunday,\" said V K Rajeev, director of weather forecasts at the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), Mumbai. \"Since the cold wave has reduced in the north of India, the temperatures in Mumbai have increased slightly. For the next few days, similar weather can be expected,\" he said.The weather bureau is also predicting low humidity, which will make running easier. For the last few days, not only the evening humidity, but morning humidity has been low too. On Saturday, for example, Santa Cruz saw 45% humidity, whereas Colaba saw 54% at 8.30 am. While Sunday's humidity is expected to be similar, the weather bureau said the percentage could increase as the sun rises higher. \"By 10 am, the humidity may be 60 to 65% in Colaba,\" said a weather official.Experts advised that runners keep drinking water even if humidity is moderate.WEATHER FORECAST(For Sunday at CST) Minimum: Approximately 19 degrees Celsius Around 10 am: Approximately 28 degrees Relative humidity: 55 to 65%", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11494234", "title": "Use school buses for public transport: Kumar", "text": "GURGAON: In a bid to control the traffic congestion caused by school buses in the city, the HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar , has come up with a new solution: Either start plying the buses as public transport or park them inside school premises to avoid strict action.The HUDA office has received a lot complaints from the residents about the traffic chaos caused by school buses parked on the roads in nearby colonies. To resolve the issue the HUDA officials held a meeting with private school authorities on Friday.\"The school authorities were instructed that they must park their buses inside the school premises so that there is no traffic congestion on the nearby roads,\" said Kumar.At the meeting the traffic problem faced in Sector 40 due to illegal parking of school buses was discussed at length.On the traffic congestion because of the illegal parking of the school buses, the administrator said the buses could be allowed to ply in the city as public transport buses.\"This is one option which I have asked the school authorities to consider,\" said Kumar. The combined fleet of the school buses in the city is roughly more than 200.\"If this fleet is made available for public transport then it would substantially improve connectivity within the city. The routes for the fleet connecting all the Metro stations and other localities can be worked out,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11502006", "title": "Stray animals create nuisance on roads, railway station", "text": "KANPUR: Stray animals hinder traffic on all roads in the city and create nuisance at Kanpur Central railway station as well. Cows and bulls freely roam on the platforms and cause obstacles in the movement of passengers.It is a common sight to see stray animals loitering around and even occupying the middle of the road. This disrupts traffic flow and often leads to jams. Many times, bulls lock horns on the roads and pose threat to the lives of the passersby. The municipal corporation has paid no heed to the nuisance.At the railway station, the railway authorities had launched stray animals catching drive. The number of stray animals had reduced. Such drives are needed frequently to get rid of the problem.Recently, a stray cow had knocked down a woman in Govind Nagar sabzi mandi when she was buying vegetables. In a similar incident, a 45 year old man received injuries when a bull knocked him down. Two bulls recently locked horns on platform No 8 of the Kanpur Central at platform. Simian attack on passengers have also occurred several times in the past. Such sights have become common. Thus, there is a need to flush out stray animals from the station.Javed, a passenger, said: \"Stray animals like cows, bulls and dogs hinder the movement of passengers on platforms and also make the place dirty. At times, bulls lock horns and it becomes very risky. Daily commuters like had become used to such scenes.\"Another daily passenger, Amitesh, quipped: \"The KNN must ensure that the stray animals removed from the city roads as well as platforms.\"Areas like Mall road, Bada Chauraha, P Road and Chunniganj should be made free from stray cattle menace.Prateek, another daily passenger, asserted that the railway authorities should adopt measures to prevent the entry of the stray animals like dogs and cows on the railway station.Deputy chief traffic manager Shivendra Shukla said that a drive against stray cattle would be initiated soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11494376", "title": "What's riding on cars? A lot", "text": "As a car enthusiast who knows his MacPherson struts from Elle MacPherson's struts, I've had the creative license of being in the advertising cockpit . Joystick and all. I cut my copy teeth on the writing genius of a gentleman called Paul Wolfe. Who according to me wrote the BMW brand to life. Every ad was brilliant, compelling , and inviting. He single handedly orchestrated BMW's print advertising into the most elegant protest against mediocre engineering. This was in the late 80s when Indian car advertising was a crinkly foetus, and Indian cars were but wiggly tadpoles. Most of us writers, fattened on One Shows, GQs, Esquires, had enough arsenal in our pens, with little chance to unleash our testosterone.But as time flipped pages, sometime around late 90s, the Indian middle class bloated , and creative opportunities for automobile advertising started immigrating to our offices. For creative people in advertising, nothing quite pumps out our goosebumps than an automotive client. It does multiple things to our CEOs' salivary glands.Considering that the automobile category is the top spender in the world, with billions of dollars at play, Indian auto makers probably spent between Rs 1000-1200 crore last year on mass media. With an equal amount spent on dealer promos, digital displays, retail, activations , events, exhibitions, etc. But more than these grotesque media budgets, lush budgets to produce commercials, great travel experiences , and original landscapes, this is unfettered mind space to go lateral. To be poised on strategy, yet slippery enough to help us slide far to haul in creative ideas that would drop jaws and open wallets. When fighting for space in a crowded category in a gaudy market, ideas will have to be bolder and braver. All directly involving massive monies to manufacture the advertising , and also to bring in, as the case maybe, expensive celebrities. However, I am not going to talk about specifics here. I have no fave celebs, and no fave brands. While smaller cars and smaller brands might need the shoulders of a celeb to prop up their egos, and effectively so at that, this isn't an area for marquee brands to consider. Personally, celebs for pushing top end brands make yucky business sense. You really don't want a buffed up Bollywood star to endorse a car placed higher on the esteem scale. Celebs only work when the brand is way below the celeb in the audience's mind. To me, great auto brands are celebs themselves. And they are dust clouds above most Indian celebs.Using our celebs for global marquee brands will only bring down aspiration levels for most super cars. And that isn't something any CEO will want for their cream audience who knows their Italian from their German. And for people like us, who geek and drool over what we cannot afford, we would atleast aspire to own a car that seared endless through a Bond movie , or one in which a Hollywood couple spent interesting intimate time preferably on the back of a flying 787.All expensive badges can stand for themselves. They have history. The weaker ones may need celebs and television reviews. The world of cars and their advertising will only growl ahead. They will continue to fire our cylinders. And our keyboards will continue to make adrenaline.For us, this is an extra marital affair in an unadulterated fantasyland. And we are soaked in inflammable lust. All it needs is the prance of a red horse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11492688", "title": "Lights, camera, flash mobs", "text": "The problem with 'Kolaveri' was that everyone wanted to ask the same question in their own way. Soon after the success of Dhanush's whacky ditty, Youtube was flooded with a host of knock-offs from toddler crooners to men in shiny bandanas subjecting Mataji to a devotional version. One copy even cleverly incorporated Harvinder Singh's memorable slap on a politician's face so that it was followed by the approving lyrics, 'Rhythm correct'. However, none of the spin-offs came close to the insanity of the original.Something similar is happening with last year's much-talked-about CST flash mob. Technically, a flash mob is a group of people, who mostly do not know one another, summoned (by e-mail or text message) to a designated location at a specified time to perform an indicated action before dispersing. However, ever since the authentic flash mob that saw around 200 participants break into a jig at CST last year, Indians, for some reason, are now tempted to call almost any gathering of more than five people a 'flash mob'. A recent Youtube video even had a 'flash mob proposal' in which a group of friends performed a dance routine at a cafe, after which a youngster went down on one knee to propose to his girlfriend.\"The term flash mob is starting to be used loosely,\" agrees 23-year-old Shonan Kothari, who organized the CST flash mob by forwarding emails to 20 friends, requesting them to enlist others \"without publicizing it on social networking sites\". In the official video of this flash mob, the element of surprise-usually the ideal end result of most flash mobs-is apparent on the faces of onlookers. Predictably, Kothari is now being approached by all sorts who want her to pull off something similar for them. And while she welcomes some requests, she politely refuses offers like the one where someone suggested having a buffet after the flash mob.Though flash mobs are generally supposed to be pointless, there are a fair share backed by commercial enterprises which usually go by the name of 'smart mobs'-a genre favoured by Bollywood and corporates as an unconventional means of marketing. Indeed, many popular overseas flash mobs are sponsored such as the recent Michael Jackson Beat It Tribute in Sweden. \"It's good brand recall after all,\" says Parinaz Vakil, a lawyer who participated in the CST flash mob along with her house help. Anna Bredmeyer, vice-president, marketing, of a Parel mall which organized its first flash mob in association with Warner Bros to promote Happy Feet-2, agrees. \"The average Indian is exposed to thousands of advertising messages a day,\" she says. \"If you really want to get your point across, you absolutely have to break through in an unconventional way.\"However, an inevitable consequence of commercial flash mobs is that what would previously have been termed \"promotional dance performances in a mall\" are now being pitched as flash mobs. And funnily enough, a big part of the crowd being \"summoned by email communication\" here includes the media. Akash Chawla, marketing head of Zee TV which held a 'dance mob' in December to promote its talent show Dance India Dance, points out that any media hype should only be \"the post-effect of a flash mob\". \"A flash mob has to be spontaneous and must surprise you to the core,\" he says. Which is what he claims his promotional mob did-here, 50 to 100 people dressed as collegians, shopkeepers and coolies appeared from nowhere, shook a leg to Bollywood chartbusters in cinema halls and surprised movie-goers during interval breaks. Shonan Kothari too reiterates that flash mobs that advertised in advance go against the spirit of the genre.However, such pre-event hype was a trade-off that six students of Wilson College recently allowed in order to be able to organize a flash mob called 'Bachpan after Pachpan'. \"As part of our campaign highlighting the need for inter-generational bonding, we wanted to organize a flash mob of senior citizens. When we approached a South Bombay mall, they agreed to let us use their premises but wanted to publicize the event. We were happy to go along, as they were kind enough to give us space,\" says Shaaz Rizvi, one of the organizers. The event saw around 40 seniors from Harmony India dancing to 'Chhammak chhallo', 'Dhinka chika' and 'Chikni Chameli'. Yes, there were a fair number of flashguns at this 'flash mob', which ended with some seniors turning to the TV cameras and cheerily announcing, \"Hi, I am Chhammak chhallo\" and \"I am Chikni Chameli\". But at least it wasn't followed by a buffet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11493274", "title": "Minorities are now picking BJP over 'corrupt' Cong, says Parsekar", "text": "PANAJI: Thanks to the mis-governance and rampant corruption of the Congress-led government, the minority communities in Goa, which preferred to stay away from the BJP five years ago, are now willingly coming to join us, BJP president Laxmikant Parsekar claimed on Saturday.Having inducted three prominent Christian leaders from South Goa - Carlos Almeida (Mormugao), Joaquim D'Souza (Nuvem) and most notably, Matanhy Saldanha within a space of two days---Parsekar said that the BJP will strive to have a \"considerable number of minority candidates including Muslims\" in the upcoming March assembly election in Goa.Parsekar denied having a \"focused campaign\" to woo minorities but said that the minority communities have now become wise to the false propaganda of the Congress painting the BJP as a communal party. \"The minorities tested the Congress in the last five years and found that the BJP is the only viable alternative to save Goa from ruin and loot. Five years ago, when we approached minority candidates to contest on our symbol, they were very reluctant saying they would contest as independents with our support. Now things have changed so much that in some constituencies, we have even three minority persons vying to be our candidates,\" Parsekar said.Will the BJP cadres not be alienated with the BJP importing new people as likely candidates when long-time workers are already there? Parsekar said, \"I sincerely feel that our base has to become wider. We cannot restrict ourselves to one particular locality or community. Christians and Muslims are also residents of this state. That is why, in our organization as well as in the legislature, proportional representation must be given to all communities.\"But till now, probably as a matter of strategy, the list of final BJP candidates remains under wraps just like the name of the BJP's chief ministerial candidate. Where in the past elections, the BJP had declared Manohar Parrikar as their chief minister, this time the BJP is reluctant to make such an announcement.When probed on this, Parsekar said that the BJP's legislative group which will be elected will select a leader under the guidance of the party high command. When asked if there was an alternative to Parrikar, Parsekar replied in the negative. Asked why the BJP was not projecting Parrikar as their next chief minister, Parsekar said that the \"people are well aware of the fact\".Parsekar also spoke of the BJP's election campaign. From December 1 till 18, BJP workers engaged on an unpublicized booth strengthening exercise all over Goa covering 1,250 booths, rejuvenating existing teams and adding new teams. In contrast, the upcoming \" Jan Sampark Abhiyan\", to be launched on January 16, will be a massive mass contact programme that will bring about a drastic \"parivartan\" (change) in the BJP's electoral fortune in Goa, Parsekar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11495016", "title": "HC extends stay on slum demolition", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday extended the stay on Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation's bid to demolish slums near a society in Shivranjani.Justice C L Soni's order stopped AMC's demolition drive as soon as it began on Wednesday. The residents of nearly 201 households told HC that the civic body began demolition without any prior intimation. However, town development officer (TDO) for west zone H R Shah claimed that notices were issued four months ago.The residents of this place were allotted alternate place at Piplaj a couple of years ago, but finding the place lacking civic amenities, they did not shift and returned to the old place known as Rabariwas near Vimanagar colony. When the issue of evacuation arose again, the residents met civic authorities and sought alternate shelter before shifting. However, AMC began its demolition drive all of a sudden, the petition filed by the residents claimed.HC felt that alternate accommodation should be providing to those living in the slums from or before 1995. With this observation, HC extended its stay on demolition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11494579", "title": "When Salman teaches maths", "text": "Even in the Big Apple, there are some who put people above profit. Salman Khan , a Bangladeshi-American and former hedge fund analyst, is one. In 2004, Khan, an alumni of MIT and Harvard , started Khan Academy, a free online platform with home-made video tutorials in maths and science. This sparked a revolution in education in the US with even Bill Gates, who calls Khan a \"pioneer\", using the videos to teach his children. Indian students, too, have used his videos to untangle IIT JEE problems.Khan began these informal tutorials to teach maths to a cousin. He first used just a Yahoo Doodle notepad for scribbling equations over which he recorded his explanations. These easy-to-understand, conversational videos were uploaded on YouTube and quickly became an internet rage. Soon, students were writing in asking for more tutorials on topics like calculus and trigonometry. Adults who need refresher lessons in maths followed suit.For Khan, this is a kind of catharsis. He says, \"I had worked in companies where no one told me they found my work useful. That is when I thought that this could be something I could do full-time.\" The turning point came in 2009 when traffic to his website became impossible to ignore. He quit his job to work on his tutorials full time, carving out office space in his walk-in closet. And the Khan Academy was born.Since then, he has worked hard to build an extensive library of more than 3,000 video tutorials, over 240 exercises and a data-rich interactive dashboard platform for teachers and students. Big names began taking notice. Gates mentioned him at the Aspen Ideas Fest and gave him $5m. Another $2m came from Google.In November, the website recorded 3.7m visitors and 42m page views. Khan's approach is a radical shift in education. He has 'flipped' the classroom model by allowing students to watch the video at home and doing exercises in the class, effectively overturning the idea of 'homework.' Students then tutor their peers as do teachers. Another innovation is helping teachers use performance data to precisely assess students' understanding of topics.Khan says, \"I imagine the school of the future being one, two or three classrooms with mixed age groups working at their own pace, tutoring each other and with teachers mentoring them.\" He insists this is not radical. \"In real life, that is how people learn. The teachers and students are on the same side, not on different sides of the equation.\"However, critics say he does not have any teaching credentials and that his chatty videos may undermine a teacher's expertise. \"That's like me telling Bill Gates he shouldn't do business because he doesn't have an MBA,\" says Khan. \"Our primary goal is to create resources that make education more engaging.\"He also has gurus on art, finance and medicine and art talking about the subjects they love. Topics discussed are as diverse as the French Revolution and the economics of a cupcake factory.All this content is free. \"Every day I feel better about it. For one, we wouldn't have got the traction and the goodwill if we were running for profit. Today, it's clear to everyone what the intention is - not to get rich but teach your child. And that's why we have support,\" says Khan. \"I am happy because I make a living out of my life's passion.\"Of course, sharing the same name as the Bollywood superstar has its advantages. He says tonguein-cheek, \"Frankly I wouldn't underestimate how many young South Asian girls did a web search for 'Salman Khan' and inadvertently ended up learning maths.\"Advantage Salman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "lambi", "code": "11494769", "title": "Behind the iron gates, a peek into Punjab's first family", "text": "LAMBI: Forbidding iron gates open to the seat of Punjab's first family - a three-acre sprawl of landscaped gardens, walkways, courtyards, musical fountains, giant meeting rooms and rows of suites.A large part of Punjab's power elite converges here in the evenings. At 6.45pm, frisked, sized-up and identity checked, men and women stand haphazardly under a patio. It's peak time. CM Parkash Singh Badal has just returned from campaigning.\"We spotted antagonism among supporters at Mithri, Khudiya and Lalbhai. Most dalits are in these villages - Prajapatis, Bazigars and Marasis. Pehla unha noo dekh lao (first take care of them),\" a strategist whispers to another. He's one of the brass-tacks men defending boss man Parkash Singh Badal's turf. The supplies of fruit juice, cups of tea and biscuits are endless. The CM, despite a long day, isn't retiring yet. \"Bula lao, koi nahi gal kar lene ha (doesn't matter, call them in),\" he instructs two aides.Inside the chief minsiter's office, a giant black-and-white portrait hangs bearing the inscription: Badal Family 1970. A white phone handset lies on a table amid an array of mementos.Past 6.45pm, Badal's face is drawn, the strain shows. But his gaze remains sharp. He wheezes and speaks in whispers. With the air of a man used to power, he speaks little, listens a lot and much of what he conveys is through gesticulations.Sipping milk and picking on fruits, he asks for inputs: \"Talwandi Sabo, Bathinda te Moga ch kistra aa... Sandhu kyon nahi aa raya naal saade?\" Three men jump to respond, their answers lengthy and rich in detail.\"Badalsaab rules with quiet persuasion, asks those who ask favours from him for their loyalty and deals with caution with those who anger him,\" whispers one of his camp followers. Enter: Bahu of the house, deputy CM Sukhbir Badal's wife Harsimrat. She too is back from the campaign trail.She heads for the meeting room, where Badal is in conversation. \"Badalsaab, I visited those villages where dissidence is growing and I held nukkad meeting,\" she informs. The CM sits up. He wants to be filled in on ground reports from areas where his estranged brother Gurdas, PPP leader Manpreet Badal's father, has been stoking dissidence. Harsimrat rattles off names of trouble spots. The discussion veers to Lambi's dalits. It is important with Congress playing the dalit card.\"Which dalit villages did Gurdas visit and ask our supporters not to vote for SAD?\" Badal wants to know. Harsimrat's phone rings. It's a call from Delhi, informing her of Sukhbir's interview on a national channel. \"Kakaji TV par interview de rahe hain,\" an aide informs Badal. Conversation stops. Everyone listens to Sukhbir.Harsimrat's phone rings again. This time, it's her children. Sukhbir too calls from Delhi, asking if her campaign helicopter had been arranged.At 8:15pm, the CM walks out of his meeting room along a path that snakes past orchards and two guestrooms. Soon, he returns to the nerve centre. Turbaned Sikh youngsters troop into an adjacent glass room where a Punjabi news channel is running a story on Bathinda's Saroop Singh Singhla filing his nomination.Minutes later, Harsimrat walks into another meeting room where a police team and some local supporters are waiting. She means business. \"First, decide on tomorrow's street-corner meetings,\" she instructs as she studies lists of constituencies.Dinner is served at 8:30pm. It's put on the table only after Dr Parminder Padda, physiotherapist and diet expert from Canada , has checked it. The CM tucks into a protein-rich vegetarian fare. Conversation at the dining table is limited. The CM asks for the next day's engagements and retires. Quiet descends. But only for six hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11493767", "title": "Police catch up with 'Lucky' Bunty in Bhopal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The law has once again caught up with Davinder alias Bunty Chor. More than one-and-a-half-year after coming out of Tihar Jail, he was on Saturday detained by police at Bhopal.Police sources said he was picked up from a hotel and jewellery and cash was recovered from his possession.Bunty, who hit the headlines for reasons ranging from innumerable thefts to Bollywood making a film on him (Oye Lucky...) and his entry into Big Boss season 4, had reportedly again taken to crime in the last few months, the sources said.They said he was involved in at least three thefts - at Safdarjung Enclave in Delhi, Faridabad and Chandigarh. A senior officer, who had earlier investigated cases related to him, said, \"With no money to fend for himself and his family having thrown him out, he took to the path of crime, committing thefts to sustain himself. In fact, he now has no home to return to.\"Bhopal police was tipped-off by a hotel employee that a person bearing resemblance with Bunty had checked-in, the sources said. The police raided the place and detained him besides recovering cash and jewellery from his possession, they said.However, the police are yet to arrest him as the person detained is claiming he is not Bunty, the sources said. He has told the police that he is a Nepali citizen and was employed with the army, the police sources said. In a bid to hoodwink the police, he is speaking with an accent , the sources said.A Delhi Police team is expected to reach Bhopal with his fingerprints to confirm his identity after which he may be placed under arrest, the sources said.Upon release from Tihar, he was turned out of home by his brother. With no way out, he approached inspector R S Dahiya, who had first arrested him and appealed to him for help, the sources said.The police officer gave him some money and advised him to start life afresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11493836", "title": "Executive order for food plan rollout likely", "text": "NEW DELHI: With its politically crucial food security agenda facing time-consuming scrutiny by a parliamentary panel, the government is considering the option of rolling out key elements of the programme through an executive decision that can be later subsumed by an act of Parliament.Concerned the bill that negotiated divides within the government and involved discussions with the Sonia Gandhi-headed National Advisory Council might be delayed till later this year, the Centre could kick start an ambitious recast of the public distribution system soon after the five-state polls get over in early March.An expansion of the number of beneficiaries in accordance to the Tendulkar poverty formula and the pricing and quantity of foodgrains can be notified by an executive order may also require Cabinet approval but need not await the report of the standing committee on food, consumer affairs and PDS.Sources said government can alter the contours of the current PDS programme by incorporating the food security Bill's pledge of seven kg of foodgrain per person with rice, wheat and coarse grains at Rs 3, Rs 2 and Re 1 a kg, respectively. The scheme would be rolled out in phases, without trying to reach all intended beneficiaries at one go.The task of increasing food productivity and procurement will go hand in hand with the agriculture ministry working at specific initiatives in this regard. The food and consumer affairs ministry is also pushing an upgrade of storage capacities and procurement.The move would not seek to undercut the committee headed by Congress MP Vilas Muttemwar, but will rollout \"core elements\" of the bill that aims to cover 67% of the population. The standing committee's views on contentious issues like beneficiary criteria and autonomy of states in determining scope of PDS could be incorporated later.The food security programme can draw lessons from the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority Bill that has been in the works since 2005, although the scheme became functional in 2003. The bill was stalled by the Left in UPA-I and recent efforts to resuscitate it fell afoul of Congress ally Trinamool Congress.With food security seen as UPA-II's big idea on the lines of rural employment guarantee and Right to Information, legislative backing for the massive support programme is essential to enshrine it as an entitlement. But waiting for Parliament's nod first can mean the programme will begin to materialize on the ground only in 2013, despite food security being the highlight of UPA-II's first presidential joint address to Parliament in 2009.By the government's admission, some 20-odd bills spanning welfare, health, education and economic reforms are stuck in Parliament and there is a growing feeling that unless the Centre opts for executive action, its agenda will remain stalled in a legislative mill.Even if standing committees were to deliver reports on legislation ranging from the companies bill to minor additions to the tribal lists, forging consensus amid an increasingly distracted Parliament will be an uphill task.The below poverty line census being conducted by the government is expected to be over by middle of this year, and is to help identify food security beneficiaries with a sharply delineated cut-offs. But this exercise is not likely to be entirely smooth with states demanding their lists of the beneficiaries be included in the central list for the PDS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11495048", "title": "Iskcon flyover mishap: Car driver surrenders", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Driver of the Chevrolet Optra car that met with a freak accident on Thursday afternoon surrendered to Vastrapur police on Friday. He revealed that as another youth sitting in the car with him was injured in the accident, he took him to the hospital, and thus, he had been away from the spot when police started investigation.Vastrapur police officials said the accident had taken place near Iskcon flyover at 5 pm on Thursday when the car hit the divider and then hit a lamppost. The speeding car had turned into a metal mesh after the collision. Eyewitnesses told police that there were three men riding in the car. \"Vasu Rawal, a native of Kadi in Mehsana, was driving the Optra when the incident took place.At that time, he was driving Kiran Gajjar, son of Ramesh Gajjar, owner of the car. The duo was going towards Thaltej to meet one of Kiran's relatives when the incident took place. As per his statement, he was in speed when he saw a biker crossing the divider illegally. To avert the possible collision, he applied brakes due to which the car turned a full circle and hit the divider and the lamppost. Kiran was injured in the incident,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11493281", "title": "Chill no deterrence to Mythbusters' spirit", "text": "NAGPUR: Excitement was in evidence for the third task at Mythbusters organized by Jhulelal Institute of Technology (JIT) as students had some really tough discipline and fitness tests at Bhonsala Military School on a cold Saturday morning.The early morning blow was the 3km cross-country that left everyone puzzled. The get-set-go whistle made the teams rush through as they had to cover the required distance in just 23 minutes. The rule was strict. Even if one member of the team reaches after the stipulated time, the team would be disqualified. Leaving the cold behind, a participant reached the finishing line in just 13 minutes and 10 seconds.The judgment for all the tasks was left to the Bhonsala Military cadets to decide. They took the timings and gave marks on the basis of which the teams were qualified. Air commandant and chief of Bhonsala Military School DD Mandpe headed the tasks and instructed the participants.This task warmed up everyone. The time slots were divided in such a way that the participants reaching early were put into excellent category which earned them more points than others who reached late.Mythbusters still had a lot in store for the teams to go through to reach the semi-finals. To judge their adventurous skills, events like archery, shooting and obstacles were also organized. Trying hands at obstacles and firing was certainly not a cake walk for anyone. Apart from physical strength, a lot of mental courage was required to crawl on the ground, jump from a certain height, swing across through the ropes and overcome elevated hurdles.Despite facing such tasks for the first time, the teams managed to put up a good show. Out of the 40 teams that took up the challenge, 10 which completed in the race and the other three tasks in minimum time were selected for the semi-finals. Mayur Dangre and his team were the first of the ten teams to qualify for the semi-finals.Even for the fairer sex, obstacles did not seem to be an obstruction. \"It was an interesting experience. We have new things to learn and the secretive aspect of the event and the sudden disclosure of tasks astonished us,\" said Rupal Purushwani.JIT's campus will be the final destination for the participants on Sunday. The task of the semi-finals is an unimaginable thing to do. The ten teams would be dropped 70km away from JIT campus, blind-folded and their hands tied back. Their cellphones and wallets would be taken away and the first five teams reporting at JIT campus would be the finalist teams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11494747", "title": "'Intellectuals' jump in UP battlefield", "text": "KANPUR: Armed with MTech, CA, medical and law degrees, this small team of professionals aims at rooting out corruption through the power of the ballot. They have turned down lucrative job offers and floated the Janraajya Party (JANPA) - to free UP of corrupt politicians, criminal elements and poor governance.They use 'Bharat with their names and don't reveal their caste. One of them, Omendra Bharat, is a BTech (electronics) and MTech (material sciences) from IIT-Kanpur. He is the chief national general secretary of the party, which they claim is a \"party of intellectuals, launched by intellectuals\" and inspired by people such as Swami Vivekanand. Omendra is contesting from UP's Kidwai Nagar constituency.Till now, JANPA has announced eight candidates, including a cancer specialist and an IIT-Roorkee alumni. \"Our action shouldn't be seen as a token of protest. It is rather a beginning for real change. In the last assembly and Lok Sabha polls, we had contested as Bharat Punarnirman Dal, initially started by IITians in December 2006. We have now floated the Janraajya Party,\" Omendra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11492850", "title": "Netas wary of opening mortuary", "text": "BANGALORE: Who wants to cut the tape to inaugurate a mortuary? Scared at the very idea, Karnataka ministers have slunk away from the responsibility. The result: upgraded facilities of the Victoria Hospital mortuary that include scores of freezers and a forensic laboratory are awaiting formal inauguration for more than a year now.The absence of a formal opening has also resulted in most of the 48 freezers lying unused as citizens for whom the facility has been put up are in the dark.The 111-year-old hospital mortuary had been managing with just half-a-dozen freezers and a few ramshackle tables on which the dead await their turn for autopsy.Following the realization that healthcare in Karnataka didn't have much room for the dead, a Rs 50-lakh modernization project was taken up two years ago. Work finished in a year but there were problems galore. No minister was ready to inaugurate the facility as they were either superstitious or scared to be associated with the dead in any which way, mortuary sources said.\"Forty-eight freezers have been installed. Citizens generally face the problem of space when it comes to keeping a body waiting for their near and dear ones. The proposal is to rent out a freezer for a nominal sum of Rs 500 for a day. But no inauguration has meant that people are in the dark about this facility,\" sources said. But medical education minister SA Ramdas denied superstition or any kind of scare delaying the inauguration. \"We are awaiting the cabinet's nod for another big event at Victoria Hospital. The hospital, as well as other government ones in the state, will have stores to supply generic medicines at half the price at what are sold in the market under trade names. We want to hold both the events together,\" Ramdas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11493394", "title": "BJP's 'Jan Sampark Abhiyan' from Jan 16", "text": "PANAJI: Senior BJP leader Arun Jaitley will launch the Goa BJP's 16-day 'Jan Sampark Abhiyan' after a brief function at the martyrs' memorial, Azad maidan, Panaji, on Monday morning.Addressing the media, state BJP president Laxmikant Parsekar said that the 'Abhiyan' will be a massive daily mass contact programme with the people. The BJP leadership along with its office bearers and workers will set out on a daily voyage in vehicles from 9.30am to 9.30pm. The aim of the Abhiyan is to expose the corrupt governance of the Congress-led government and to inform people of the BJP's vision and policies. The Abhiyan will conclude on January 30, Parsekar said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11494319", "title": "Going bust", "text": "In 1962, a 30-year-old mother of six in Texas, Timmie Jean Lindsay was persuaded to join a human trial for breast augmentation with silicone prostheses. She had no idea of its implications, least of all that she would be known for ever as the woman with the first breast implants.Now celebrating its 50th year, the device that is implanted under the breast tissue or chest muscle, generally to increase bust size, has become unimaginably successful - in 2010, there were 1.5 million such surgeries worldwide - but it has never been able to keep controversies away, with allegations being made, off and on, about its link to health problems. Well, the issue is back in the headlines now ever since reports emerged that one of its largest manufacturers, French company PIP, had been using illegally obtained low-cost gel which was never tested on humans to make it.As fears spread that those women with PIP implants are at risk of rupturing in the body and leaking a questionable type of gel, experts say that Indian women who have gone under the knife probably need not worry because there are no dealers of PIP implants in the country. Dr Rashmi Taneja, head of department of plastic and cosmetic surgery at Fortis Healthcare , Delhi, says, \"Breast implants are not manufactured in India. All are imported from the US, Europe or the Far East. Reputed hospitals use American ones because FDA has higher norms of checking than even those of European countries.\"The latest crisis is troubling but is unlikely to bust the growing Indian market. \"Implants are becoming extremely popular here. Exposure to literature and media, rising aspirations and money are making it a mega market,\" says Dr Vipul Nanda, head of cosmetic and reconstructive surgery at Artemis Health Institute in Gurgaon. A growing middle class that is exposed to celeb lifestyles, wooed by the cosmetic industry and influenced heavily by the marriage market, thinks nothing of shelling out a lakh or two for a perkier body shape.As women, young and middle-aged, queue up outside flourishing clinics, a survey by the International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ISAPS) points out that there were 51,000 breast augmentation surgeries in India in 2010, the seventh highest in the world. The cost of implanting a pair of silicone gel cups in India could go up to Rs 1.3 lakh, depending on the hospital and surgeon involved and the quality of the product. The ISAPS survey adds that while the average surgeon's fee for breast implants is $3,629 in the US, in India it's a competitive $2,405.A majority of Indian women who choose implants want to enhance shape and volume, says Taneja. A smaller number wants to restore a breast that has been disfigured or lost to cancer. Silicone is preferred over saline implants because it has a more natural feel.However, double-Ds don't fit all. Three factors decide the final cup size, says Nanda. \"They are the patient's aspirations, the structure of her body and the aesthetic sense of the surgeon.\" It's preferred that the patients are at least 18 years old and have completed their physical growth. They are advised about the risks involved, which could include rupture, infection, scarring, asymmetry and bleeding. But these occur in less than 5% of cases. There's no cancer risk, assert doctors. At the same time, they say Indian women need to be aware about the procedure and get more involved in making the decision.But director of Centre for Social Research Ranjana Kumari finds the trend \"silly\". She says, \"It's an image imposed by patriarchy about what the female body should look like to please men. These women are not doing this to please other women. Indian women are naturally curvy and busty. They should appreciate themselves for who they are and believe in themselves.\" That would be another op altogether.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11494235", "title": "Response plan to combat drug-resistant TB to be rolled out", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has prepared a response plan to control the deadly Totally Drug-Resistant TB (TDR-TB) that will be discussed and rolled out on Wednesday after a meeting in Mumbai.The meeting, which will be attended by drug controller general of Maharashtra, director general of TB control programme, representatives from FIND, chest specialists, members from the Indian Medical Association and the Association of Physicians in India, will discus the containment plan before rolling it out.On Monday, a three-member team that includes a chest specialist, a World Health Organization official and a scientist from the central TB division will leave for Mumbai to gauge the menace of TDR TB.India has put in place a response plan to combat multi-drug resistant TB (MDR TB) and extremely drug-resistant TB (XDR TB).\"We will share the guidelines with all the states in order to better diagnose and contain TDR TB. As far as Mumbai is concerned, we have asked the state government to first trace the 12 patients with TDR TB and then formulate a strategy to curtail the infection spreading to others,\" a Union health ministry official said.The country's central TB division has asked the Maharashtra government to collect data for the last six months from all other labs in the state dealing with TB.\"We need to know the magnitude of the problem and when it started. We also need to know if the strain has been isolated in other states too,\" the official said.At present, less than 3% of all new cases of TB are MDR, while nearly 17% of re-treatment cases are also drug resistant. Around 3%-5% of MDR TB cases are XDR TB.The Central team will also look at the state's laboratory capacity to test samples for TDR TB. \"Now, Hinduja Hospital and JJ Hospital has the capacity to test TDR TB. We will look at the lab capacity and may join hands with private labs if they have the capacity to test. Samples might also be taken to labs of neighboring states,\" an official added.TB kills around 1,000 people a day in India.While Iran first reported TDR TB cases three years ago, India seems to be only the second country to report this deadly form of the disease. As the full form of TDR-TB suggests, none of the known TB combination drugs work on the patient.MDR TB is a serious menace in India. The nation has plans to put in place 43 labs to diagnose MDR TB. So far, 31 labs have been accredited to conduct MDR TB detection tests. The rest are expected to be in place by end of this year.Every year, India reports 15 lakh new cases of TB. WHO says around 73,000 of the notified new TB cases in 2010 were already multi drug resistant. Of this less than 3,000 were detected.The direct and indirect cost of TB to India amounts to an estimated $23.7 billion annually. Studies suggest that on an average three months of work time is lost as result of TB, resulting in an average lost potential earning of 30% of the annual household income.Those with active TB when left untreated can infect on average 15 people every year. In 2000, the prevalence rate of TB in India was 338 per 100,000 population and the mortality due to TB was 42 per 100,000 population. In comparison, in 2009, the prevalence of TB in India was 249 per 100,000 population and the mortality due to TB was 23 per 100,000 population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11492866", "title": "Good-old temple wedding", "text": "Nobody who's grown up on a steady diet of Hindi films from the '80s and '90s can be completely immune to the romance of a temple wedding. A young runaway couple, an ancient pile of stone and exquisite sculpture, black clouds lowering in the sky, some vermilion to mark the bride as one's own (blood will do), and a genial temple priest (actually even that's not strictly on the list; in some cases the weddings are refreshingly DIY)...Many young couples today are opting for exactly that - minus all the drama. They want to get married in a place that has more character and charm than a hotel ballroom can provide in a thousand years, and they are willing to brave a few logistical issues to get just such a wedding.Take for instance the Bhoganandishwara temple. Situated on the foothills of Nandi Hills and at a very convenient distance of some 50-odd km from Bangalore, this ninth century temple is increasingly a niche wedding venue that remains a closely guarded secret among a few people. Bangaloreans who regularly drive down to Nandi Hills to get away from the city may have noticed a turn that marks the way to the temple, but few actually visit it.The temple was built around 810AD, according to an ASI board on the premises. It has an unusual mixture of different architectural styles, including those used mainly during the Chola, Hoysala and Vijayanagara periods. Legend says the temple was commissioned by Queen Manikabbe, also known as Ratnavalli, who was the consort of the Bana king Vidhyadhara. There are three main shrines in the temple dedicated to the deities Bhoganandishwara, Arunachaleshwara and Umamaheshwara. Attached to the small shrine of Umamaheshwara is the kalyanamantapa, where most modern weddings are held. The temple is a 'live' one, which means besides being of considerable historic and architectural interest, it is used for actual worship.The temple pond is a beautiful sunken structure surrounded by shallow steps that lead down to it. All around are gorgeous carved pillars, small shrines and covered awnings. There are plenty of open spaces within the temple to host a decent-sized wedding, but since there are no overnight stay options at the temple it has to be vacated by evening.Contact: Sri Bhoganandishwara Swami Devalaya Nandigrama, Nandi Village, Chikkaballapur.Trek and get marriedThe trend of choosing unusual and historic locations for weddings is catching on. Everyone wants a memorable, unusual wedding and a considerable number of people are rejecting the hotel ballroom or lawn kind of venues that are generic and have nothing unique to offer. In and around Bangalore, venues such as The Tamarind Tree, Temple Tree, Ganjam Mantapa and the Bhoganandishwara Temple are becoming more popular. Even though this temple can be considered out of the way, and doesn't have much to offer in terms of modern conveniences, it is ideal for those who are willing to make that trek for a wedding venue that has so much beauty and character.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11493656", "title": "BSF begins \u2018Operation Alert\u2019 at Raj frontier", "text": "JAISALMER: The international border with Pakistan adjoining Rajasthan is reeling under severe cold and fog as the temperature has plummeted to nearly 0\u00b0 Celsius.Looking at the possibilities of intrusion from across the border due to the fog, the Border Security Force (BSF) from January 11 has started Operation Alert Sard Hawa which will continue till January 24. Officers and jawans of all branches of the BSF reached at the border to take part in the operation.According to BSF sources, BSF started the special operation looking to the high possibilities of intrusion and smuggling from across the border taking advantage of the fog In this operation, patrolling, which included by camel and vehicle mounted personnel along the border.Emphasis is laid on foot patrolling at night.BSF DIG B R Meghwal said to strengthen the border management, Operation Alert will be from January 11 to 24 at the Rajasthan frontier which will be participated by all jawans and officers of the force.He said the border area is in grip of servere cold wave and there is also fog at some places due to which the temperature has dipped to nearly 0\u00b0 degrees. In such adverse conditions, special attention is being paid to alert jawans and to protect them from the cold wave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11495075", "title": "Team Anna set to shed 'anti-Cong' tag", "text": "LUCKNOW: Team Anna will launch its campaign for UP assembly election from Faizabad on February 3. The thrust of the campaign would be to shed the anti-Congress tag slapped on it and make voters aware that they are `masters' and should ask questions from the candidates instead of being swayed by demagoguery and caste or communal factors. The team will also ask voters to question candidates in their constituencies about their stand on the Lokpal.\"The meeting in Faizabad would be attended by Arvind Kejriwal and Kiran Bedi . We would try and make people see the ugly face of democracy when all political parties gang up to scuttle legislation of a strong Lokpal. We would also highlight the doublespeak of the political parties which take high moral ground when they speak on the issue of corruption but in practice give tickets to corrupt and criminal elements,\" said Gopal Verma, a Faizabad-based social activist and member of India Against Corruption.Anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare is ailing and may not be able to take part in the campaign as he has been advised to take rest by the doctors. However, his team would hold public meetings in different parts of the state throughout the election. The election will be held from February 6 to March 3. The volunteers of the India Against Corruption have already spread out across the state to assess real issues of the people. They are also collecting information about the candidates of different parties.Earlier, Anna had threatened to campaign against the Congress in all the five states where assembly election is being held to protest against the weak Lokpal brought by the Congress-led UPA government.Anna had accused the Congress of cheating the people of India. The UPA government was able to pass the bill in the Lok Sabha but could not get the constitutional status as it did not have the required support. The bill was deferred as the government could not arrange required numbers to pass the legislation.In by-election last year in October, Team Anna had campaign against Congress in Haryana and Bihar. The Congress candidates lost by-election. However, it provided Congress an opportunity to support its accusation that BJP and RSS are behind Team Anna's campaign which was actually against Congress and not corruption. Anna had described allegations as rubbish and said that he was mounting pressure on Congress because it was the ruling party and thus could ensure enactment of a strong Lokpal.Not only Congress, several social activists and a few members of Team Anna had also expressed reservation over Anna's decision to campaign only against Congress. They all felt that the campaign should be apolitical and against corruption. As a result, the Team Anna has changed its strategy and decided to launch a voter awareness drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11491890", "title": "TNAU develops a pulse wonder to increase production", "text": "COIMBATORE: The department of Crop Physiology of Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU) has developed a crop booster to improve the yield potential of pulses. TNAU pulse wonder, as it is know, has been specifically designed to increase the yield of black gram and green gram. This pulse wonder was developed by studying the physiological and nutritional disorders that occur in different stages of pulse crop.\"In an area of 6 lakh hectares in the state, the annual production of pulses is just 2 lakh tonnes,\" says Murugesa Bhoopathi, TNAU vice-chancellor. This low productivity is attributed to the micronutrient deficiency coupled with hormonal imbalance.TNAU pulse wonder contains macro and micro nutrients and promotes better growth and development for the pulse crop. Apart from this, it has a lot of other advantages as well. \"It replaces the existing practise of diammonium phosphate foliar spray. TNAU pulse wonder is contains ingredients that are water soluble and facilitates complete absorption of nutrients. In addition to this, it is drought tolerant,\" said S Jeyaraman, director of crop management at TNAU. He further added that it reduces flower drops and improves the yield by 10-20 %.To use the pulse wonder, mix it with 200 litres of water, for 2kg per acre. This should be sprayed at the flowering stage.Chief Minister, J Jayalalithaa has announced a scheme with a budget outlay of Rs 212.5 crore to exclusively promote TNAU pulse wonder for increasing the pulse production. This pulse wonder can be purchased from the university and are also available at research stations and Krishi Vigyan Kendras of TNAU located in different districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11496304", "title": "Work hard, don't depend on luck to achieve your dream, says Gogoi", "text": "GUWAHATI: \"I don't believe in luck. It's sheer hard work, sincerity and commitment that will help you face the vicissitudes of life,\" said chief minister Tarun Gogoi while releasing celebrated actor Anupam Kher's book, \" The Best Thing About You Is...You!!\" at the state secretariat conference room here on Saturday.Speaking on the occasion, celebrated actor Anupam Kher said self-belief is of paramount importance in facing the challenges life throws at you. \"Self-confidence in yourself is the best thing about you. The power of failure is that it helps to get rid of fears. There are many lessons to be learnt from failures. Dealing with failure successfully has become the mantra of my life,\" he said.Citing examples of his own life with no godfathers and persons of influence to back him, Kher said, \"My humble background did not act as an obstacle to attaining the goals in my life. If you work hard, dreams will come true.\"Tracing the genesis of his book to his one-man autobiographical play Kucch Bhi Ho Sakta Hai, Kher said, \"I never realized the power of failure till I staged the play in 2005 in which I laughed at my reverses. Ironically, it has become my most successful endeavour and was the genesis of the book.\"The eminent actor, who has played a part in more than 450 films and television soaps, said he wanted to share his thoughts with more people through his latest venture. \"I want to make people aware that by never trying, we are only ensuring failure. My learnings in life apply to anyone's life,\" he added.Addressing the gathering, eminent director Jahnu Barua said, \"Self-belief in oneself can take one a long way towards translating one's dreams into reality. Realizing the power within oneself will help one surmount the obstacles in life, come what may.\" The book release function was organized by Friends of Tribal Society, Guwahati chapter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11496623", "title": "'I played my 33rd instrument for the first time for Bittoo Boss'", "text": "Singer, musician, music director, live performer and multi-instrumentalist Raghav Sachar had promised his dad to learn a new instrument each year.As a result of the promise and his passion for music, he is skilled at playing 32 instruments. Raghav, who has earlier composed music for the movies Kabul Express, One Two Three and Phhir, has also composed music for the upcoming movie Bittoo Boss.Ask him about the music of the movie and Raghav says, 'The music of this movie is completely Punjabi...so hopefully people in Chandigarh and other parts of Punjab are going to enjoy it. But each song is very different from the other. There is a hip shaadi number, a romantic number, a peppy Punjabi song, an international track. And I played my 33 rd instrument (a trumpet) for the first time for this movie.\"Quiz him about the experience of composing for this movie and how different it is from the other movies he has composed for and he says, \"It was very different from my earlier movies because this is the first time I was singing in Punjabi. But I pick up languages very quickly and even if I don't speak the language fluently, I am a Punjabi. I have heard my parents converse in Punjabi. But at times, in the night I used to call my mother to ask her how to pronounce a particular word properly because I wanted it to be perfect. I am a perfectionist.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11499731", "title": "Cautious CBI gives BJP opportunity to field tainted MLA in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: CBI's caution in completing the investigation has given an opportunity to BJP to make former chief parliamentary secretary for finance in Punjab, Raj Khurana, contest from his citadel, Rajpura, considering Khurana a \"winning\" candidate.Sources in the investigating agency said that the agency was supposed to file a chargesheet within three months of the arrest of Khurana in May but it allowed the time to lapse as it could not complete the investigation.While the agency seems to be sure to nail the former BJP chief parliamentary secretary Raj Khurana, it is re-examining the evidence.The scrutiny in the case will go up to the director of the organization, thus needing more time. The chargesheet may be cleared during the election or later, sources said.Sources said CBI is confident as the \"bribe transaction took place in the residence of Khurana, those giving bribe were introduced to Khurana inside the latter's house and an impression was created that Khurana had spoken to the then senior minister Manoranjan Kalia regarding the complainant's issue.\"Khurana was always considered a strong candidate due to the backing of his caste, which has around 25,000 votes in his constituency.Khurana was arrested in May last year after the CBI raided his official residence in Chandigarh in Sector 39 after one of government employees Devinder Singh named Khurana after his arrest for demanding a bribe.CBI in fact did not register FIR against Khurana initially but added his name in the body of the FIR on the statement of Devinder Singh.Names of other former BJP ministers Manoranjan Kalia and Swarna Ram had cropped up in the controversy requiring the investigating agency to ask the two ministers to present their side of the story in the Sector 30 office of the agency here.They were later given a \"clean chit\" by the agency which said, \"We just sought clarifications from the two ministers but found nothing directly linked to the bribery case.\"The controversy was followed by the BJP removing Kalia, Swarna Ram and Master Mohan Lal claiming the removal of the ministers had got nothing to do with the controversy but the change of guard was due for \"some time\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11494322", "title": "Indians hope to excel with eye on Olympics", "text": "MUMBAI: With the weather forecasts for the City of Dreams predicting a minimum temperature of 15\u00b0Celsius and decent preparation to bank upon, Indian athletes are hopeful of a good finish at the Standard Chartered Mumbai Marathon, to be run on Sunday.Olympic berth being their primary objective, the 40-strong elite Indian contingent - including 26 men and 14 women - will target the 'B' qualification mark in their respective categories besides an eye on $7500 as the winning booty, an increase of $1000 from last year.The IAAF Gold Label race was recently accorded 'national status' by Athletics Federation of India, making the results eligible for clinching an Olympic spot.Two-time defending champion in the men's category - Lyngkhoi Binning - is already upbeat about producing a hattrick after clocking his personal best of 2:17.33 at the Guwahati Marathon last year. However, it is repeating the feat that will be his focus when he takes to the road on Sunday.\"This year is very important for me. I will try to keep my timing under 2:18 minutes, so that I can be assured of a London ticket. I have worked hard for it and hope to qualify here only,\" said Binning, who clocked 2:21.16 in the last edition.His confidence is fuelled by high altitude training that he undertook at Ooty recently. \"The training at Ooty will come handy. If the weather conditions remain the same, I have a good chance to do an encore,\" Binning, who hails from the Army Sports Institute (ASI) in Pune, said.However, Binning is likely to face tough competition from veterans Ram Singh Yadav (2:18.03) and KC Ramu (2:19.53), both of whom have a sub-2 :20 best time. Unlike Ramu, Yadav has the distinction of winning three consecutive titles starting 2007. Ramu had taken 2:26.14 to finish 23rd overall in the inaugural edition, eight seasons earlier.In the women's section, Jyoti Gawate will look to retain her crown after a superlative show on debut last year saw her win in 3:05.30. \"I have been practising the entire year at my hometown Nanded under my coach Ravi Raskatla and hope to restrict my time below three hours,\" Jyoti said.Gawate felt advancing the race by 15 minutes (7.25 am) will help register fast times. \"The early start will help athletes improve on their timings. The weather looks fine and I hope to reap its benefits,\" the 23-year-old said.Gawate will be in for a challenge from last year's runner-up Shastri Devi, besides new entrants Preethi L Rao and Lalita Babbar, who will compete in the full marathon here for the first time. Preethi tasted success recently at the Ahmedabad Marathon (3:06), while Lalita will take the big plunge in this edition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11501986", "title": "Traditional fervour marks Makar Sankranti", "text": "KANPUR: Makar Sankranti was celebrated with traditional religious fervour. Thousands of devotees thronged various ghats of Ganga to take a holy dip and pay homage to the sun god on Sunday.Makar Sankranti is also known as Khichadi. A delicacy made of rice, moong daal and seasonal vegetables, known as 'khichadi', was prepared in all households. Many people distributed 'khichadi' to the poor and needy in the morning. The youngsters were seen on rooftops flying kites.The women remained busy in making round balls of puffed rice (lai) laced with jaggery (gur) known as 'laiyya-patti'. Many others delicacies like dahi-bada and moon-bada were also prepared.\"There are a wide range of delicacies associated with khichadi celebrations,\" said Shanti, a resident of Nayaganj.A wide range of delicacies prepared from sesame seeds and groundnuts were available in the markets. People also prepare these things at home. A large number of buyers can be witnessed at small makeshift structures buying 'laiyya-patti', 'tilkut' and 'chikki'.\"Tilkut made from white sesame seeds and 'til-patti' prepared from black sesame seeds are consumed during celebrations. It is believed that donation and consumption of sesame seeds bring vigour and prosperity,\" said Vimala.Flying kites is a special attraction of Makar Sankranti. Youngsters and children were seen in parks and roofs, flying kites. Bonfires were lit in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11495149", "title": "Reoti praises Akhilesh, asserts MSY has final say", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Senior Samajwadi Party leader and Allahabad MP Reoti Raman Singh on Saturday asserted that while Akhilesh Yadav is the ultimate authority in matters related to the party in Uttar Pradesh, 'Netaji' and party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav has the final say in all the party affairs. Singh aired these views while welcoming former Bharatiya Janata Party leader Ram Niranjan Upadhyaya into the SP fold.He however appreciated the steps taken by Akhilesh Yadav in denying entry of western UP mafia don and politician DP Yadav into Samajwadi Party and said, \"Such steps are always praiseworthy and they go a long way in protecting the image of the party.\"However, the SP leader remained evasive on queries by newsmen on his party practicing dynastic politics, while it always slammed other parties like Congress for the same. Accepting that dynastic politics is practised in one way or the other by virtually all political parties, Singh refused to be drawn in a discussion on the issue plaguing his party also.Asked to comment on his party's performance in the assembly elections Singh said that right now SP is expecting to attain a full majority in the assembly elections and would form the next government in the state on its own. \"There is no reason behind going for an alliance with any party under such circumstances,\" the senior SP leader said.Earlier while joining the Samajwadi Party, former BJP leader from Karchana assembly constituency, Ram Niranjan Upadhyaya, castigated the saffron party for it's doublespeak on issues like corruption with an obvious reference to the entry of tainted BSP leader and former state cabinet minister, Babu Singh Kushwaha.Stating that the BJP is different in words and deeds, he said that this was evident when the party adopted a different approach on the issue of passage of Jan Lok Pal Bill in the Rajya Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11493612", "title": "Shehla Masood murder: CBI doubles cash reward to Rs 10l", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Saturday doubled the cash reward of Rs five lakh to Rs 10 lakh for information on the murder of RTI activist Shehla Masood, who was shot dead outside her house in Bhopal on August 16, 2011.Though the agency had registered a case against unnamed persons on September 3, 2011, it increased the reward money since the motive behind the murder still remains a mystery, CBI sources said.\"Any credible information regarding the murder of Shehla Masood murder can be shared on 0425600927, 09425001643 and 09425661632,\" CBI spokesperson Dharini Mishra said.Shehla was shot dead when she was going towards her car outside her residence in posh Koh-e-Fiza locality in Bhopal. A team of AIIMS experts, led by forensic scientist T D Dogra, arrived in Bhopal last Thursday to study the complex case.The case was transferred to the CBI as Madhya Pradesh Police could not figure out the motive behind the murder, but suspected she was eliminated by some powerful persons against whom she had filed RTI applications. Shehla had earlier gone on a hunger strike in Bhopal in support of Anna Hazare's anti-graft cause. She was also involved in other causes, including wildlife conservation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11492389", "title": "IIT-H makes beeline for CAT", "text": "HYDERABAD: After bagging jobs with pay packages ranging from Rs 7.5 lakh to Rs 12 lakh per annum, about 50 students out of a batch of 111 belonging to the state's premier technical institute, Indian Institute of Technology-Hyderabad (IIT-H), had appeared for CAT and many returned with good scores and a call from one of the 13 Indian Institute of Managements (IIM) in the country.Twelve students from the IIT-H's first batch achieved scores between 99.2 and 99.82 percentile. Twenty others from the same batch scored over 95 percentile marks. Most students, who fared well in CAT are those belonging to mechanical engineering and computer science streams, placements for which are almost over. The 12 best performers have got calls from all the six new IIMs with the top scorers even getting calls from the more established IIMs like those at Ahmedabad and Calcutta, the cut-offs for which are quite high.In fact, 45% of the total strength at IIT-H had appeared for CAT, which is quite compared to only 30%-40% of students from IIT-Madras and IIT-Bombay taking the test. \"Students at the institute are encouraged to find what interests them. We have about 11 clubs, including a career enhancement club, where students are allowed to organise events with faculty members helping them. All this could have helped them discover their real professional interest,\" said a faculty member at IIT-H.Students at IIT-H said the promise of better opportunities and prospects made them take the CAT. \"As part of the management of a big firm, one can get a starting salary of Rs 20-25 lakh per annum, but for an engineer, the starting salary would be in the region of Rs 4.5 lakh or so,\" said Akash Kumarapillai, an IIT-H student who bagged 99.82 percentile score, the highest from the institute. He has got calls from IIM Ahmedabad, Bangalore and Calcutta.Although hefty pay package is a major attraction, but many of these students plan to start their own companies some time in the future. \"Halfway through my course in IIT-H, I realised that my true calling is to be a manager. I want to be an entrepreneur and float a company of my own,\" said Buragoni Nagasudha, a fourth-year computer science student.CAT toppers said that though they were initially driven by 'national obsession' of pursuing either medicine or engineering, now they are looking at 'better career prospects. \"I chose B Tech because I liked math but, by third semester, I realised my career prospects would be better if I cracked CAT,\" said Pratyush Peddireddy, a mechanical engineering student with 98.9 percentile marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11497253", "title": "Ready for the Vettai?", "text": "Director Lingusamy believes that Vettai will be a combination of Run and Sandakozhi in terms of a story of two brothers who stand by each other through thick and thin.This movie, produced by UTV Motion Pictures and Thirrupathi Brothers, is one of the biggest releases for Pongal this year. Vettai, which stars Arya, Madhavan, Sameera Reddy, Amala Paul, Thambi Ramaiya and others, introduces Hindi actor Ashutosh Rana as the main villain of the film. Madhavan plays the role of a cop and Arya plays the role of Madhavan's alter-ego in action.The entire film takes place in the backdrop of Tuticorin and the action scenes are one of the highlights in the film. The film's music by Yuvan Shankar Raja has already become popular and is in the top two of the music charts for a few weeks now. Lingusamy's regular team consisting of cinematographer Nirav Shah, editor Anthony, art director Rajeevan, lyricist Na Muthukumar and dialogue-writer Brinda Sarathy, have provided tremendous support to enhancement of the film. A complete family entertainer, the flick hopes to provide wholesome entertainment this Pongal.UTV Motion Pictures is confident that their efforts to market the film through all media will certainly make this action entertainer a grand success at the box office. The biggest word of encouragement came from director Shankar, who called Lingusamy and wished him good luck for Vettai after noticing the all-round marketing of the film and the positive word the film gained from all quarters.Though Vettai faces Nanban at the box office, they won't be competing as both the films belong to different genres. Overseas, Vettai is releasing in over 100 screens in 15 countries including USA, UK, Canada, Switzerland, Norway, Holland, Germany, France, Mauritius, Australia, Gulf, Kuwait, Sri Lanka, Singapore and Malaysia . UTV, which is releasing the film directly in all these countries, has opened up the market in Holland and Germany with this film.A buzz has been created about the film in these countries and it is expected to have good box office figures in the opening weekend. In India, the movie is being across the country through the company's network of distributors and exhibitors.In Tamil Nadu, the film is releasing in over 300 screens and in rest of the country (Kerala, Karnataka, Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata and Pune) in another 150 screens. Overall, Vettai has released in over 550 screens across the globe, which is one of the biggest in Tamil film releases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11494191", "title": "Sec 45 residents go on a cleanup drive", "text": "GURGAON: Residents of Sector 45 have started a massive clean-up drive of the roads and green belts in and around the colony. Along with the RWA, the residents have got the support of the HUDA labour department for the drive.The residents were seen cleaning the entire green belt around the Sector 45-52 dividing road and Sector 45-46 dividing road on Saturday. The cleanup drive included the removal of garbage from various blocks of the sector. The residents claimed that these blocks were considered some of the dirtiest in the area.The residents got together to remove piles of construction rubble and garbage from the vacant plots of the colony and also removed filth around the nursing home site.The drive was flagged off by HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar , who extended his full support to the RWA. \"The RWA took the responsibility of cleaning the entire area. Residents took leave from their offices to do the work,\" said Sanjiv Saxena, joint secretary, Sector 45 RWA.The RWA members have now urged the administrator to revisit the sector to take stock of the situation so that that the next phase can be planned accordingly.The RWA members claim that there were many obstacles in the drive including threats from unknown people to the residents to stop the work. They also claimed that some HUDA officials asked them to concentrate only on cleaning the internal roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11496792", "title": "Madonna is a 'details freak'", "text": "The 52-year-old singer always likes to be in control and thinks it is important to consider every aspect of a project, no matter how small.Speaking about her new movie 'W.E.', which she directed, produced and wrote, she said: \"I wouldn't go so far as to say I'm a control freak, but I am a detail freak. I chose the costumes, the locations, the lamps, the tables, the carpets, the drapes - everything.\"I also liked to put the finishing touches on the actors before they did their scenes- you know, with their hair or clothes.\"Putting on a bracelet or something on to Andrea [Riseborough]'s wrist gave me an emotional connection before directing her. Some of the jewellery we used was actually Wallis Simpson's.\"Madonna - who has been married twice before and is currently dating dancer Brahim Zaibat - believes she is in control of her own \"destiny\", a message she reflects in the movie.She explained: \"It's about what Wallis says in the movie - 'Get a life'. Happiness lies in our own hands and we are in charge of our own destiny.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11493390", "title": "Prahar to 'rename' dist hosp as medical college", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Even as the government had denied Chandrapur a medical college, the Prahar organization has decided to fight for the cause. Prahar will symbolically name the district government hospital as government medical college on January 17. It will also perform the symbolic foundation stone-laying ceremony at the proposed site of the medical college on February 17.Besides this, Prahar has plans to undertake awareness campaign and garner support from every gram panchayat for allotment of medical college.Addressing a press conference on Saturday, Prahar's district president Pradeep alias Pappu Deshmukh lashed out at the incompetence of local people's representatives who failed to push the medical college demand. He criticized chief minister and deputy chief minister for hijacking the medical college meant for Chandrapur for political mileage in coming the zilla parishad and municipal corporation elections. Satara is the hometown of the chief minister where the college is proposed to come up.Deshmukh alleged that the government was intentionally ignoring the claim of Chandrapur over medical college. He claimed that even as former CM Vilasrao Deshmukh had announced to provide medical college at Chandrapur, the government did not bother to complete essential formalities.The organization will hold a signature campaign, stage a daylong sit-in on January 26 and month-long chain hunger strike from April 1. If the government does not budge, Prahar will launch indefinite hunger strike from May 1, Deshmukh said.Government needs to provide essentiality certificate, make provision of Rs 200 crores in budget, initiate construction of 300 bedded hospital and allocate at least 25 acres of land for setting up medical college. None of the government regime under CM Vilasrao Deshmukh, Ashok Chavan or Prithviraj Chavan tried to fulfill the necessary requirement for Chandrapur. However when it came to Satara, home district of CM, government is on toes to do all the favours, he alleged.He said that the organization would symbolically rename the government hospital here as Government Medical College (Hospital), Chadnrapur on January 17. Similarly they would carry out symbolic foundation laying ceremony of medical college at proposed site on February 17. Apart from this organization is going to hold signature campaing, raise support from Gram Panchayats by passing resolustion in support of medical college. Organisation has also planned to stage day long sit-in agiation on January 26 and month long chain hunger strike from April 1. If government does not budge even after such a long agitation, Parahar is going to lauch indefinite hunger strike from May 1, Deshmukh informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11498815", "title": "Bangladesh to open new rail link to Bhutan, Nepal via India", "text": "PATNA: In a major decision, Bangladesh has decided to open Chilahati-Haldibari rail link latest by December 2012 for easier connectivity with Bhutan and Nepal through India. This route is likely to be the fifth route agreed upon as transit points between these two neighbouring countries.According to a Railway Board official, Hashimara station in India is hardly 182-km away from Bangladesh's Chilahati station. Incidentally, Hashimara station is located on Bhutan border as well. Passengers can reach Hashimara in about three hours through the proposed Chilahati-Haldibari route, he said. According to him, Jogbani station in India is located only 40-km away from Haldibari and about 52-km away from Bangladesh's Chilahati.The proposed rail link could facilitate passengers from Jogbani bordering Nepal to pass through New Jalpaiguri and Katihar route as well, he said.Incidentally, the two countries already have four other railway transit points between them: Rahanpur (Chapainawabganj)-Singhabad, Birol (Dinajpur)-Radhikapur, Darsana (Kushtia)-Gede and Kulaura (Moulvibazar)-Mahishashan.The opening of the rail link between Chilahati and Haldibari will be a revival of old rail link which was operational till 1965, sources said and added the transit route connecting India and Bangladesh was abandoned following the Indo-Pak war in 1965.According to the Board official, railway ministry has asked the Bangladesh rail authority to provide a detailed plan so that the new rail link could be thrown open in the larger interest of people of both the countries. Railways has also sought the time frame in which Bangladesh wants to complete the work of opening the new rail link with India, he said.According to sources, Bangladesh railways will have to construct about 7.5-km new rail lines from Chilahati to reach the border while Indian Railways will have to build 4.5-km new track from its border to Haldibari station.It may be recalled that both the countries had inked a pact last year during Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina's visit to the country for opening new rail links with Bangladesh for cultural exchange and various activities between the two countries, sources said.Though the joint declaration between the two countries did not mention this particular route, they later realized that opening of this route would facilitate movement of people from both the countries as well trade and commerce, sources said and added the proposed route would revive easy regional connectivity among members of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation ( Saarc).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "11502037", "title": "Tribals celebrate harvest fruits with Makar Sankranti", "text": "KENDRAPADA: The harvest festival of Makar Sankranti was celebrated by district tribals with much fervour on Sunday. Each tribe added to the gaiety with their own unique customs, attire and celebratory dances.The festival helps bring all tribals together, who though display their own little quirks in the festivities, celebrate as one. The celebration, right after the harvest season, is considered sacred by the primarily agrarian community of the tribals.Celebrations in the three-day festival start two days before the grand finale of Makar Sankranti, also considered the start of a New Year for many. The first day is known as 'Chauladhua' or soaking of rice, the second day is 'Bahundi' and the last day is Makar Sankranti of course.The tribals decked up in their festive best on Sunday with every household preparing its own 'Makar Chaula' and delicious cakes. \"The festival is enjoyed with mutton curry, cakes, country liquor 'Handia' and boisterous music, dance and drums,\" said Rabindra Jaraka a tribal of Gobaraghati village. A special monkey dance, called 'Galienage', adds to the cheer.During the day, bedecked tribals go from door to door asking for paddy, rice and cakes, while the real party begins in the chilly evenings with fervent dancig around bonfires and a community feast of sorts.The festival was also marked by hundreds of tribal girls performing Tusubhashani or immersion of Tusu idols in the villages of Sukinda block in Jajpur district, the ritual believed to fetch them good grooms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11496455", "title": "Visitors cruise on boats, savour good food on board", "text": "The city has turned into a centre of cultural diversity with people from various parts of the country as part of the NYF 2012. Now, it is gearing up to promote tourism-related activities too. People now have the opportunity to cruise along the Gurupur River through the boat service which was launched at Sultan Battery on Saturday.The visitors can not only enjoy the natural beauty, but also have mouth-watering delicacies on board on the 20-km voyage of the river, which is adjacent to the Mangalore coast. And this comes at a cost of Rs 150 per head.The crew members serve delicacies of Mangalore, Kerala, Goa, north and south India based on tourists' demand. Owner Charandas V Karkera told TOI that soft drink and a snack pack will be served free of cost while all other food will be charged.Charandas has brought two boats of 48x40 sqft from Sharjah. One boat has the capacity to ferry 46 tourists, while the other can take 38 tourists. \"The response from people is very good on the very first day. As many as 87 people sailed in two boats in the first trip, which was flagged off by district minister J Krishna Palemar. More people are expected to enjoy the cruise in the days to come,\" he hoped.Many artistes and visitors made use of the opportunity to sail along the serene coast. \"It was really a thrilling experience to sail on the river here,\" said Vikas Singh, a visitor from Pune.NYF organizers are also announcing about the boats at all programme venues to attract the visitors to Sultan Battery. In fact, the cruise will be a permanent tourism attraction in Mangalore. The district administration has already given the nod to operate the boats on the river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11495030", "title": "LD Arts thieves caught on camera", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Authorities of L D Arts College have submitted the CCTV footage of two boys caught lifting bags from outside the exam center to the police. Authorities say this footage will come in handy to nab thieves who have also stolen three CCTV cameras from the L D campus.College authorities said that students were caught on camera stealing bags of students appearing for exams in the college campus. Officials said that two students first stole four bags and then came back to pick up three bags. In all they stole seven bags.Officials said that it is reported that one of these two students has a girl-friend who studies in the college.\"We have also stepped up surveillance to spot the boy and apprehend him,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11495128", "title": "Cops intercept RLD candidate carrying coins, register FIR", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sacked by the Bahujan Samaj Party , sitting MLA from Bijnore assembly constituency Shahnawaz Rana's desperation to retain his seat has landed him in fresh trouble. Police in Muzaffarnagar recovered 118 bags full of 100 coins of Re 1 denomination each from his car on Saturday. To make things worse, Rana reportedly fled from the spot in another car, leading to an FIR lodged against him.Nominated as Rashtriya Lok Dal's candidate from his home constituency, Rana's SUV (UK-08 L0999) was intercepted by a static surveillance team of Jansath police station in Muzaffarnagar around noon. Police searched the vehicle and found 118 bags containing 100 coins each of Re 1 denomination.Even as the search was underway, Rana somehow managed to hoodwink the cops on duty and sped away in another car. Attempts of the cops to stop Rana from leaving the scene left the politician so angered that he started misbehaving with them. In his desperation to flee the scene, Rana left his SUV, and driver Azamgeer along with the coins. According to the police, the driver was unable to explain the source and purpose of the coins. He was arrested and the SUV and coins, seized.With some criminal cases pending against him with the UP police, Rana made headlines a few months ago when his name and that of his younger brother and his associates figured in connection with the alleged kidnapping of two Delhi girls. The victims had gone for a picnic and were returning home with other members of a family when they stopped at a gas station for refuelling. They were at the gas station when Rana's brother, police gunners and some associates allegedly raped the two girls. The accused allegedly threatened the girls to keep mum on the issue before leaving the scene.The victims however sought help of some of their relatives and pursued a criminal case against the MLA, his brother and their goons. It was in this connection that Mayawati sacked him from the party. However, this is not the first time that Rana has attacked a public servant. Hailing from a political family of Muzaffarnagar, he had allegedly assaulted a polling observer in Muzaffarnagar during the Lok Sabha elections in May 2004. He and his supporters indulged in arson alleging anomalies in election process.Rana had won 2007 assembly elections from Bijnor on a BSP ticket.However, last year in June, UP chief minister had suspended him from the party after he was charged with protecting his brothers accused of kidnapping two girls and trying to rape them. Rana recently defected to RLD and got ticket from the Bijnore seat for the upcoming assembly elections to be held in February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11492341", "title": "Hitec City over bridge ready by May", "text": "HYDERABAD: Decks have been cleared for the completion of the Rail Over Bridge (ROB) connecting Hitec City railway station with Kukatpally after South Central Railway (SCR) recently gave the go-ahead for its construction of the bridge on the railway track portion at Hitec city railway station recentlyThe Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) has commenced work and is planning to complete the four-lane over bridge by May.Although the project got off the blocks back in March 2007, issue with clearances from SCR and administrative and financial problems held up work. As per the original deadline, the over bridge was supposed to have been ready by August 2008.The delay has seen construction cost escalate to Rs 47 crore from the original budget of Rs 24.38 crore. The HMDA has sought administrative sanction for the revised plan for the bridge. \"SCR gave the clearance for the revised foundation drawings a week ago; the superstructure drawings are still awaiting clearance by them. Work on the 30 metre track portion will be taken up by HMDA under supervision of railway engineers,\" HMDA chief engineer V Madhwaraja told TOI on Friday.The 910 metre-long over bridge begins at KPHB Phase IV (rear side) in Kukatpally to Cyber Towers and ends at Hitec City railway station on the spinal road. Apart from reducing traffic congestion, the over bridge also cuts down the travel distance between old Bombay highway and new Bombay highway by about seven kilometres for those commuting between Kukatpally and Mehdipatnam.But it got delayed due to changes in drawings, objections raised by SCR, problems in shifting of utilities like water pipelines and escalation in the project cost.\"Except the railway track portion, which is about 30 metres long, the rest of the work will be completed by May this year,\" the chief engineer said.However, analysts said that although the urban authority had overcome hurdles posed by clearances and revised estimates, it is facing problems as regards payments to contractors including Kukatpally ROB and PVNR expressway balance ramps. They are also facing action by the I-T department which has served notice for clearance of Rs 430 crore in tax arrears.HMDA metropolitan commissioner Rajeshwar Tiwari recently held a official meeting on resource mobilization by way mainly of selling the land. Sources said that the next phase of auction of plots may be taken up in February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11502029", "title": "Another spell of rain likely", "text": "KANPUR: The temperature increased due to presence of upper air cyclonic circulation and western disturbances. The maximum temperature stood at 23.9 degrees on Sunday.The bright sunshine gave respite to the poor and homeless from prolonged spell of chilling weather conditions. The nights remained cold.Chilly winds in the evening led to dipping of the minimum temperature. The minimum temperature stood at 5.6 degrees, one degree less than Saturday.The weather scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology predicted that another round of rain or thundershowers are likely to occur before the end of winters.\"Sky may remain clear in the days to come. In the evenings, a light veil of mist may envelope the city,\" said Anirudh Dubey, agro-meteorologistat, CSA.The maximum temperature is expected to hover around 23 to 25 degrees mark, while the minimum temperature may fluctuate between 5 and 7 degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bholath (kapurthala)", "code": "11494633", "title": "Bibi Jagir Kaur, relatives booked for buying voters", "text": "BHOLATH (KAPURTHALA): Former Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee chief and an Akali Dal candidate from Bholath, Bibi Jagir Kaur, her daughter Rajneet Kaur, son-in-law Yuvraj Bhupinder Singh and three others were booked for allegedly bribing voters, intimidation and violating prohibitory orders.A vehicle carrying 183 cartons of whisky was seized at Bholath's Talwandi Kooka village in Punjab on Friday night. She rubbished the allegations.The vehicle was found outside a liquor shop. The contractor claimed he was transferring his stock.However, excise department officials told TOI no permit was found in the vehicle as mandated by law. Khaira's supporters, who tracked down the truck, alleged the liquor stock belonged to Kaur and was meant for distribution among voters.Driver of the vehicle managed to escape. In his complaint, Khaira alleged Bibi's son-in-law Bhupinder and her relative and liquor contractor Yadwinder Singh, alias Bunty, reached the spot with miscreants and threatened him.A case was filed under Sections 188 (disobeying public servant's order), 171 (undue influence in elections) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the IPC and Section 123 of Representation of Peoples' Act for bribing voters. Bunty, his mother and another man, were also booked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11494190", "title": "Wife cries foul after \u2018missing\u2019 man dies", "text": "CHENNAI: Four days ago, Thatchayini, 23, filed a complaint stating that her husband Srinivasan was missing and that there was threat to his life from his family. On Saturday, after Srinivasan died at a private hospital, Thatchayini alleged sexual harassment by her father-in-law Ezhumalai and foul play in her husband's death.Thatchayini and her father Viswanathan, a retired subedar, filed another complaint at the police commissioner's office in Egmore on Saturday. MKB Nagar police registered a case under Section 174 (unnatural death) of Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) and sent Srinivasan's body for postmortem.Initial postmortem reports showed that Srinivasan died of cardiac arrest, police said. MKB Nagar assistant commissioner of police Govi Manoharan said, \"There were no external injuries on his body. The doctors say they saw an enlarged heart and evidence of a heart attack.\"Thatchayini, who was informed about Srinivasan's death by one of his aunts, said, \"I left my husband a couple of months ago after I was sexually harassed by my father-inlaw. I have been living with my parents in Vellore since then.\"On December 28, she submitted a complaint against her father-inlaw to police commissioner J K Tripathy. \"On January 9, I received a call from my husband who said there was threat to his life and that his parents were forcing him to remarry. The next day, I filed a missing complaint. A policeman went to Srinivasan's house but returned as Ezhumalai said Srinivasan was not in town,\" Thatchayini said.One of Thatchayini's relatives claimed on Saturday that Ezhumalai was now absconding. \"There is good reason for us to suspect foul play. Why did Ezhumalai not inform police that Srinivasan was in hospital when they visited his house on January 10? Why did Srinivasan say there was a threat to his life from his family? We hope the postmortem will give us some answers,\" Thatchayini's father Viswanathan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "fog disrupts rail traffic", "code": "11493785", "title": "Fog delays trains", "text": "Fog disrupts rail traffic: Dense fog affected rail traffic on Saturday with 39 trains running late by many hours.While Utkal Express, Dadar Express, Muri Express, Seemanchal Expres and Kalka Mail were late by more than 20 hours, Vikramshila Express and Magadh Express were 10 hours behind schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11498807", "title": "Mithun Chakraborty rocks it", "text": "For the Gala episode of a dance show, the best minds of the west and east came together to put together a dance act so powerful that scores of dance fanatics across the country and abroad were amazed.Terence Lewis and International choreographer Alex Magno, who trains Pop Divas like Britney Spears and Madonna , had choreographed the opening act of the show where Mithun Chakraborty , India's original Disco Dancer took the center stage along with the contestants. The act is Mithun da's tribute to the dancing legend, Michael Jackson whom he idolizes till date.Said an elated Mithun Da,\"I was very excited when Terence requested me to be a part of the opening act. My only brief to him was that I want to do something different that my fans have not seen hitherto. He made me do tap dancing which looks seemingly simple but needs a lot of practice; miss half a beat and the entire choreography will go for a toss.\"Said Master Terence Lewis,\"It's always a pleasure to choreograph Mithun da. Dada made a grand entry on stage and took no time in picking up the rhythm and do justice to the choreography. Even today, he can give every aspiring dancer a run for their money by matching beat by beat, step by step.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11492369", "title": "Jan jinx returns, Bollywood fails to rake in moolah", "text": "MUMBAI: January jinx has struck Bollywood again. The first release of 2012, Players, has not been able to strike gold at the box office.Trade analyst Amod Mehra pointed out, \"Those who saw the movie did like it. But unfortunately, audiences didn't come to the cinema.\"Last year, Vidya Balan-starrer No One Killed Jessica had tried to whitewash Bollywood's superstition that films do not work in the first month of the year. But it remains an exception. Mehra added, \"I don't think the January jinx had ever disappeared. On the contrary, I feel No One Killed Jessica was an exception to the rule. After what has happened this year, no producer will attempt to release his film in the first week of January.\"Players, starring Abhishek Bachchan and Bobby Deol managed to collect Rs 25 crore in the first week. Taran Adarsh said, \"The film has failed to even cross the business of films like Ladies Vs Ricky Bahl which is very disappointing.\"Analyzing the failure of the film, Adarsh added, \"The film failed on two accounts-content and the economics. The star cast was not strong enough to keep the audiences engaged for two hours and 45 minutes. There was not a single song like a Chammak Challo or Chikni Chameli which could lure them into theatres.\"Adarsh said, \"The cost of the film was Rs 65 crore and the star cast could not take the burden of such a heavy price.\"Four films released in the second week including Naseeruddin Shah-starrer Chaalis Chaurasi, Ghost, Tutiya Dil and Sadda Adda too failed at the box office. Exhibitors are now hoping that Agneepath will help them save the month. Operations head of Fun Cinemas, Vishal Anand said, \"January started with a slow movement as Players couldn't create momentum at the box office. Don 2 is now living its shelf life and is likely to last till the release of Agneepath. One was expecting January to be a decent month for business. Now all hopes are on Agneepath.\" He added, \"Unlike last year's films, the flow for this month's release is less. There is no big release on Sankranti. It may be due to Friday the 13th that people are avoiding releasing their films.\"In 2010 there were more than a dozen releases but barring Ishqiya all failed to impress at the box office including Dulha Mil Gaya and Pyaar Impossible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11497288", "title": "Madalassa: The chase begins", "text": "Actress Madalassa (of Thambikku Endha Ooru fame) is back with Pathaayiram Kodi.The film, directed by Srinivasan Sundar, stars her opposite Dhruv Bhandari . The team is currently in Goa, shooting the songs and climax of the film. Ask the director why he's named the film Pathaayiram Kodi, and he reluctantly says, \"All I can say now is that the film will be a romantic thriller and keep the audience hooked.\" However, a source tells us, \"The film is about a group of students who witness a powerful political broker stashing away liquid cash, amounting to 10 crores.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11496120", "title": "No respite from chill for another 2 days", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The chill has returned to Odisha with acute cold wave prevailing across the state. The minimum night temperatures - well below 10 degree Celsius in most parts of the state over the last 48 hours - in Bhubaneswar dropped to its all-season low of 10.2 degree Celsius.Phulbani, one of the coldest areas of Odisha, was at 2.8 degree Celsius, while Puri recorded the highest minimum night temperature of 11.6 degree Celsius. Other places where minimum night temperature dropped below 10 include Keonjhar, Jharsuguda, Sambalpur, Titlagarh, Bolangir, Sundergarh, Angul, Balasore, Hirakud, Baripada, Bhawanipatna, Koraput and Sonepur.The local meteorological centre said the cold conditions will continue for at least two more days. \"The cold and dry northerly and northwesterly winds from northern Himalayan region and northwest parts of India has led to this drop in temperature,\" a weather officer said.He added that minimum temperatures in most parts of the state, was four to five degree below normal. The state capital, which recorded the lowest minimum temperature of the season, is five degrees below normal. The minimum night temperature in the city had dropped to a record 8.6 degree Celsius on January five, 1992, the weatherman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11498886", "title": "Vidya Balan has a new fan", "text": "So, who isn't a fan of Vidya 'Ooh la la' Balan? Be that looking a demure Bengali girl in 'Parineeta' or the firebrand in 'The Dirty Picture' , the actor has consistently kept up the good work.Not surprisingly, Vidya has found another fan in the film industry, director Ken Ghosh. Expressing his thoughts on the actor and sounding reasonably optimistic, Ken recently wrote on his microblogging site, \"Has recently told Vidya Balan that she will need another room for her awards soon.\"Well, we surely don't that this observation. If film trailers are anything to go by, then Vidya has given a smashing performance in Sujoy Ghosh's forthcoming movie \"Kahaani\" where the actor portays a pregnant woman in search of her husband. Way to go Vidya!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11492530", "title": "Vaishali police bust gang of dacoits, six arrested", "text": "PATNA: With the arrest of six hardened criminals, the Vaishali police on Saturday claimed to have busted a gang involved in dacoities in different temples and houses in Vaishali district.Police sources said that acting on a tip off that some criminals had assembled at Bilampur locality under Lalganj police station on Friday morning and were planning to commit some crime, police officials and constables from Vaishali, Lalganj, Bhagwanpur and Kartaha police stations led by SDPO (Sadar) Ashok Kumar carried out a raid there and arrested six criminals from there.The SDPO (Sadar) said that police team recovered a looted cellphone besides a countrymade pistol from the possession of the arrested criminals. He said that the arrested criminals were identified as Pathar Sahni, Amerika Sahni, Shokil Sahni, Nandlal Sahni, Pintoo alias Gorka and Deonath Mahato.The SDPO said that they had committed dacoities in two temples at Goriapul and Raghopratap localities after tying the hands of the priest and guard. He said that they were also involved in dacoities in several houses in the district. Pathar was wanted in connection with 10 cases of dacoities under different police stations in Vaishali district, he said and added that the arrested criminals were forwarded to jail on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "why are we power-starved? why haven't governments foreseen the crises facing us? stoi spoke to former chairman of the central electricity regulatory commission s l rao to get answers to these questions. rao, who has authored 'powering india and governing power', highlights the variables that have impacted the power equation. rao believes karnataka, which had once done well in energy, is now slipping behind badly. the obvious reasons", "code": "11492701", "title": "Powerless Karnataka is still sleeping", "text": "Why are we power-starved? Why haven't governments foreseen the crises facing us? STOI spoke to former chairman of the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission S L Rao to get answers to these questions. Rao, who has authored 'Powering India and Governing Power', highlights the variables that have impacted the power equation. Rao believes Karnataka, which had once done well in energy, is now slipping behind badly. The obvious reasons: a lack of planning and political apathy.Just what has got us into this mess? Have we failed to understand our power requirements?Power in India is a concurrent subject -- state governments are in charge of power generation, transmission and distribution. With an eye on the vote bank, politicians decide to dole out free power or keep tariff low. Examples: J Jayalalithaa, Parkash Singh Badal, B S Yeddyurappa. The Raichur thermal power station is an inefficient plant as it has not been maintained properly. The state does not have coal mines, oil, or gas resources. Environmentalists oppose every power plant near the coast. Now, Kaiga nuclear power plant's safety has been questioned. Wind energy is available in plenty in Chitradurga -- the state government should pay a sensible price and buy it.Why has the state slipped behind badly? Where did our political leadership go wrong?The governments of N Dharam Singh , HD Kumaraswamy or BS Yeddyurappa did not lobby in New Delhi to get the maximum coal supply. When other state governments spent time in New Delhi lobbying for additional power, the Karnataka governments went to sleep... Besides, Karnataka opposed the \"open access\" system (here, those consuming 1 megawatt and above could buy or sell energy without restrictions) before it became compulsory. Karnataka stipulated that any power generated should be given to the state grid or bought only from there.What are the first quick steps that Karnataka should take to manage the crisis?Our hydro-resources should be conserved and used only during a crisis. The power sector should be run by managers, not bureaucrats. The state has spent Rs 3,847 crore to buy power since 2010. Power purchase is like buying shares on the stock exchange where brokers are following the rise and fall of scrips. We have power experts who keep tabs on the rates in the energy market. Here, power trading is done by IAS officers.Have any states done well in managing power?Mumbai and New Delhi....The latter is the best example where Sheila Dixit handed over power distribution to two private players: Reliance and the Tatas. The net result: the Delhi government has been able to save Rs 20,000 crore which it has used to build roads and flyovers. Karnataka, along with Andhra Pradesh and Punjab, was one of the best states but we did some stupid things. The World Bank stipulated unbundling generation, transmission and distribution; the state government decided to make a single bureaucrat head all these activities. The transmission &amp; distribution losses were 55% in New Delhi prior to privatization, which have now dropped to 20%.How have private players made a difference to New Delhi's consumers?Prior to the entry of private players, electromechanical meters were used; these could record power usage but not leakage or pilferage. These were replaced by sealed electronic meters which also recorded pilferage. Today, New Delhi is the only city after Mumbai where one does not use stabilizers or inverters as there is 24x7 power supply.What kind of reforms would you propose in the power sector?When the Electricity Regulatory Commission Act was passed, each state was mandated to have its own commission. Retired IAS officers are being appointed to head commissions and most follow diktats of local politicians. Retired bureaucrats prevent state governments from revising tariff, by disallowing legitimate costs from going up, and cause revenue loss.QUOTE HANGERRevising power tariff every year is not a consumer-unfriendly step. If tariff is not hiked, who will bear the increasing cost of generating power? It costs Rs 5 crore to generate 1 MW. Politicians don't understand this.S L Rao | energy expert", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "11496101", "title": "Criminal killed in police encounter", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Notorious criminal Abdul Rafiq Khan alias Raja (30) of Fakirabad village in Kendrapada town was on Saturday injured in an encounter with police in Laxminarayanpur village.Khan is the prime suspect in several murder and dacoity cases, and is also reportedly involved in tender-fixing, police said. Recently, Khan along with Sk. Latif (25), another known criminal, pelted bombs at the house of a businessman at Oladhi and demanded Rs 3 lakh from him.\" Khan shot at the police when they tried to arrest him and the officers returned fire in retaliation police fired at him. He was admitted to the district government hospital with bullet wounds and later shifted to SCB Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack as his condition was not stable\", said SP Narasingh Bhol. Police also arrested Latif, who was with Khan at the time of the incident.Khan is a member of the notorious Sk Hyder gang. Police had arrested Hyder in Nagpur. Maharastra, five years ago on the charges of killing Sk Chuuna in Bhubaneswar. Hyder has been in jail ever since and in his absence, his son Sk Babu and Khan are running their syndicate in Kendrapada and nearby areas, sources said. Security has been tightened in Kendrapada town and its nearby areas after this incident, added the police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "gill road", "code": "11496823", "title": "Politics, food, music &amp; gaming help them bond", "text": "GILL ROAD: Arguments were hot at a tea shop on Gill Road as five friends discussed pre-election equations and how various politicians would fare in ensuing Punjab polls. Having celebrated Lohri on Friday, one of them had got \"rewadi\" and groundnuts for his dear friends to munch as they sipped hot tea on a chilly day.What began as an acquaintance three years ago at a spare parts store has developed into an inseparable bond between these five friends. And what keeps them together is the electrifying mood that reels in whenever they catch up with each other.Joginder, 28; Gagandeep, 24; Damanjeet, 26; Rishi Jain, 32 and Sohan Singh, 35, met each other on Gill Road and developed a mutual liking almost instantly. The connect has been such that their friendship is \"deep as an ocean\" and they vouch to continue it till the peril of life.A teacher at DAV School, BRS Nagar, Joginder says they meet at each other's home for quality time.What began as an acquaintance three years ago at a spare parts store has developed into an inseparable bond between five friends. \"We go shopping together on Sundays and chat about everything under the sun,\" says Damanjeet Singh, a resident of Sector 32, Chandigarh Road.The youngest among these friends is Gagandeep who also stays in Sector 32, Chandigarh Road. \"Rishi, Joginder and I, love to play computer games and are crazy about online snooker,\" he says.The group's spirituality quotient and musical entertainment is taken care of by Damanjeet and Sohan.Rishi Jain of Sunder Nagar says though they remain busy with their respective jobs, they make the effort to meet. \"And whenever we catch up, we have a blast,\" says Rishi. The senior most among the friends, Sohan Singh, says rest of his friends forget to mention an interesting fact about their friendship. \"All of us love Chinese cuisine. There's nothing like noodles and manchurian,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11497306", "title": "Revellers party on", "text": "The nightbirds of Chennai came out in full strength to welcome the long weekend in style.Most of them had made plans to make the best of these extended holidays - the very first of the year. From a little sojourn to the neighbouring state to a quick holiday at a nearby hill station, these youngsters were spoiled for choice.Of course, there were also those who decided to spend time in namma Chennai itself, cuz, let's just face it - there's no place like one's own hometown. And the folks who stayed back had much reason to revel, thanks to the holidays. Having stepped into their partywear, these revellers frequented the most happening nightspots, spending time with their best buddies and having a blast while they were at it. Here's wishing all a Happy Pongal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11496040", "title": "Parties unite to condemn rising crime rate", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The growing number of incidents of rapes in the state has done something that nothing else could.With panchayat polls in progress, various opposition parties - including the Congress, the BJP and the CPI - have come together to confront the government and the ruling BJD on the issue of women's safety.Members of these opposition partues met on Friday to chalk out strategy to fight the government on the issue of the current law and order situation. The leaders accused Pipili MLA and agriculture minister Pradip Maharathy of protecting the culprits involved in the gang rape of a 19-year old girl in his area and urged him to quit.\"We have nothing against the minister personally, but it has been said that he is shielding the culprits. We have decided to ask him to resign to set an example,\" Rabi Das, one of the conveners of Friday's meeting said. He said the chief minister by announcing judicial inquiry into the Pipili incident is trying to cover up the matter. \"Judicial inquiry is a calculated strategy to divert public attention. The Pipili gang rape incident should be handed over to the CBI,\" he said.Showing their unity further, the opposition parties visited the SCB Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack on Saturday and discussed the condition of the victim with the doctors and the hospital superintendent.Sources said the parties will join a public rally to protest against the heinous crime in Bhubaneswar on Monday. They are also planning to call an Odisha bandh to highlight how crimes had been rising in the state and women in particular are increasingly getting vulnerable to all sorts of torture. \"It was decided at the meeting to hold a series of meetings in the state on the issue to sensitize people on the functioning of the government,\" Das said.Odisha has been witnessing large number of rapes and other forms of crimes against women for quite some time. The national crime records bureau said 1,025 rape cases were reported in the state in 2010. It ranked Odisha 7th among 28 states in the country as witnessing large number of rape cases. This figure does not include the other 2,000-odd cases of crimes against women and nearly 3,000 cases of molestation. The bureau also recorded as many as 912 kidnapping, 388 dowry and 2067 cases of cruelty by husbands and relatives.Sources in the BJD admitted that the rape incidents, particularly the manner in which the police handled the cases, had exposed the government and the party to intense public criticism. \"The local police inspector in Pipli was suspended to calm the furious public outcry. The government's image is at stake and thew is this feeling among people that culprits are being protected by those in power,\" said a senior BJD leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11493904", "title": "8 premises sealed in Mahavir Enclave", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fourteen properties were sealed/demolished on Saturday by the Municipal Corporation of Delhi.The drive was carried out by MCD's building department in Najafgarh and Civil Lines zones. While eight properties were sealed and two demolished in Mahavir Enclave and Dabri, four properties faced action in Azadpur and Old Sabzi Mandi, the agency said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11493778", "title": "Delhi weather: Rain, slight increase in temp likely", "text": "NEW DELHI: The sunny weather of the past few days will give way to moderate fog and light rain on Sunday. Under the influence of an intense western disturbance, Met officials say large parts of northwest India will experience rain and possible hail over the next two days. Minimum temperatures are also set to rise slightly.\"The WD now lies over northern Pakistan and adjoining Jammu and Kashmir and will affect the region for another three days. Under its influence, minimum temperatures will go up by 2-3 degrees over parts of northwest and central India that will lead to abatement of cold wave conditions over these regions. Rain and snowfall are expected over some places in the western Himalayan region during the next 48 hours after which it will increase,\" said a Met official.Sources said the plains of northwest and central India would witness rain and thundershowers, accompanied by hailstorms in some areas on Sunday and Monday. \"Due to a rise in humidity levels, shallow to moderate fog is expected to form over Delhi and the neighbouring areas in the next couple of days. By Saturday evening, humidity levels had already started rising and the wind was calm,\" said R K Jenamani, director in charge, IGI Met.On Saturday, Delhi witnessed a warm day with the maximum going up to 22.6 degrees Celsius, two degrees above normal. Minimum temperature settled at 6.7 degrees Celsius, one degree below normal. The maximum temperature across the city was on the higher side, ranging from 20.1 degrees at Pusa Road to 23.3 degrees at Lodhi Road. Ridge recorded the highest minimum temperature at 8.9 degrees Celsius against a low of 4.2 degrees at Pusa Road.\"The change in weather is only temporary and temperatures will again fall by 2-3 degrees by the middle of the coming week,\" said Met officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11493768", "title": "Marathon grows along with Mumbai\u2019s fitness", "text": "You need to be a runner to know the pain and stringent training it takes to get to the finish line. And over the past eight years, running has been taken seriously by many in this city, thanks to the Mumbai marathon. Today's Standard Chartered Mumbai Marathon 2012, the ninth edition of the event, in which The Times of India is the print partner, is another milestone in Mumbai's tryst with international competition.Running the Mumbai marathon might mean various things to different people, but for a major chunk of Mumbaikars it's a way of staying fit and healthy.Last year, Harpeet Singh, 24, was one of those standing outside the racetrack cheering on participants. This year he chose to take the challenge himself.\"I was never an athlete and fitness and health never made sense to me. But after I attended the marathon last year I realized that men and women the age of my grandparents were fitter than me. So I decided to change,\" said Singh, who has since been religiously practising and is all set to run the half marathon today. \"My body is fit and I feel much healthier now, so I might keep participating in the event every year,\" added the second-year MBA student of Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies.The marathon has also made many Mumbaikars more aware of fitness, even though they may not choose to run. Fitness instructors across the city have noticed an upsurge in the number of people aiming at leaner and fitter bodies. \"The marathon is publicized on a great level and carries a lot of weight. But it is not the kind of event that one can get through by practising once a week,\" said Samir Purohit, a fitness expert. He is currently training a group of runners aiming to participate on Sunday, but added that there's an equal number of people who have started exercising regularly to stay fit. \"There's increased awareness and a desire to be fit. The general public is taking personal fitness very seriously now,\" he said.For 68-year-old Mahendrabhai Mehta, it's his fifth Mumbai marathon, but it's his son for whom this year holds a lot of importance. \"I was always sure that I was healthy and fit, until recently when I heard about a friend who suffered a stroke at the age of 33. That's when I decided to take my health seriously,\" said Chirag Mehta, 36, who has been going for regular walks and runs at the Sanjay Gandhi National Park with his father for the past year.Dheeraj Gupta, 36, took up the challenge of running the half marathon for the same reason. \"For the initial month, I started walking 3 to 5 km regularly to build my stamina. Now I'm sure that I will finish the event,\" said Gupta.Many fitness experts believe that the marathon has changed people's psyche. \"People now are not looking at just preparing for the run, but looking forward to maintaining their fitness even after the run. It is a welcome change,\" said John Gloster , a fitness expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11492906", "title": "Kite flying trend picking up in city", "text": "LUCKNOW: The craze for kites is escalating in the city. Unlike five years ago when there used to be a clear sky on Makar Sankranti, one can now spot many kites flying high. Shopkeepers say there is a decent demand for the kites on Sankranti.Qadir Khan, who owns a kite shop on Vidhan Sabha Marg, said that nearly 50 customers had already approached him on the eve of Makar Sankranti. \"The trend of kite flying is picking up in the city. People who have come from outside the city have led to this trend,'' said he. In places like Gujarat and Rajasthan, the sky remains full with colourful kites on Makar Sankranti.In Lucknow, kite flying is synonymous with festivals. There are new and latest designs of kites in the market especially on Sankranti. A blue colour `patang' has a trio of Indian cricketers - Sachin Tendulkar, Virendra Sehwag, and M S Dhoni. People in Lucknow fly maximum kites on Diwali festival. \"I fly kites on every festival. It is fun for me. This time on Sankranti, I have called my friends over to my house and together we will enjoy the festival,'' said Danish Zubedi, who bought ten kites of different designs. In the market, a simple kite costs between Rs 2-5, and those which have prints of Indian cricketers and Bollywood stars are priced at Rs 6.A charkhi of manja costs Rs 60-80 while saddhi is priced at Rs 25-35.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11492327", "title": "Swine flu puts health authorities on tenterhooks", "text": "HYDERABAD: The death of a 60-year-old man due to swine flu on Friday has once again put the state health authorities on tenterhooks. This was the second case of swine flu this year as one more case was detected at AP Chest Hospital about a week ago. The first victim is fine and back to work now but sources at the hospital said that he too had a travel history like the 60-year-old man who died.The case was diagnosed during the checks conducted as part of the national surveillance programme for viral illnesses launched by the National Institute of Virology, Pune, in various cities across the country to check the prevalence of the virus. The research programme commenced at Chest Hospital on January 1.Now that the out-patient departments dedicated to swine flu in all the state-run hospitals are inactive and the Government of India also stopped active surveillance, the authorities said that the decision on the matter would be taken after Makar Sankranti.Doctors maintained that swine flu is not a public health problem anymore. \"Every year, anywhere between 2.5 lakh and 5 lakh people die of influenza related complications in India. And swine flu is only one of these complications,\" said a senior doctor.However, with the temperatures dipping, specialists have advised people to exercise caution to prevent getting infected by the deadly H1N1 virus. Doctors said that low temperatures are conducive for the virus to thrive and have advised that in case of symptoms of severe acute respiratory illnesses, people should immediately get in touch with medical practitioners.Experts said that some cases might be there due to the dip in temperatures but there is no need to panic. \"If the high fever persists accompanied with cough, sneezing and running nose, the affected persons must separate themselves and consult the nearest medical practitioner immediately,\" said a specialist. He added that the herd resistance against the virus has increased and that the cases are few and far between. Hence, there is no need to panic. State health authorities said that prior to these two cases, the last swine flu case was reported about six months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11494835", "title": "Advani calls Jayalalithaa a 'natural ally'", "text": "CHENNAI: The BJP on Saturday made a strong bid to woo the ruling AIADMK in Tamil Nadu with senior leader L K Advani describing it as his party's \"natural ally\".\"We regard Jayalalithaa as our natural ally. Although the AIADMK is not formally a part of the NDA yet, our informal cooperation with the party and especially coordination in Parliament has been growing,\" Advani said in Chennai.He showered praise on the Jayalalithaa government and said he was happy to see an atmosphere of rapid change and soaring confidence after she won the mandate.\"There are several important issues on which our parties hold convergent views and moreover, these are the very issues on which the principles and practices of the Congress are divergent. Today, our country needs more and more transformational leaders like Jayalalithaa and (Gujarat CM) Narendra Modi ,\" he said, with Modi by his side. They were participating in the 42nd anniversary celebrations of 'Tughlak', a Tamil weekly edited by Cho Ramasamy.Taking a dig at the media, Advani advised it not to indulge in kite flying. \"I am well aware that kite flying has a peculiar connotation in English and our journalists who are present in this hall are particularly prone to indulging in some kite flying after seeing both Modi and me at Cho's event in the state ruled by Jayalalithaa.Let me assure that there is no need to fly any imaginary kites. Let me state right at the beginning that we regard Jayalalithaa as our natural ally,\" he said.Flaying the Congress for its \"delusionary\" belief that India was \"a fiefdom of the Nehru-Gandhi dynasty\", Advani said, \"Those who believe in democracy and healthy Centre-state relations must come together to defeat this arrogant mindset.\" This was why the BJP and AIADMK have come together on several issues, including the Lokpal Bill, he said.Modi, on his part, also praised Jayalalithaa saying Tamil Nadu will march on the path of good governance under her leadership. While the two leaders were scheduled to meet Jayalalithaa, their tight schedule, which included a visit to the family of state BJP leader Sukumaran Nambiar who passed away recently, did not permit it.Cho Ramasamy, who is increasingly being perceived as Jayalalithaa's close confidante and adviser, strongly mooted her candidature for the post of prime minister. \"Advani is the main person in the BJP, but we see Modi also as a prime ministerial candidate, and the BJP is sure to win the next elections. But if issues like secularism crop up, then at least a BJP supported government should come to power and so BJP should consider supporting Jayalalithaa as the PM candidate,\" he said. Making an oblique reference to the expulsions of Jayalalithaa's close associate Sasikalaa and her relatives, Cho said, \"It was a surgical operation and Jayalalithaa did it well.\"The annual Tuglak function, which provides a forum for readers to interact with Cho and the other guests, threw up some interesting queries with one reader seeking to know if Advani would recommend Modi as the prime ministerial candidate of the BJP. Replying to the question, Advani, who narrated a story about a family which encouraged its young members to grow, said he too was happy about Modi's growth and was not averse to him being propped up as a prime ministerial candidate. \"I know of families where younger people show more talent than elders. The elders don't feel the youngsters are becoming bigger than the family. Instead they feel proud,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11493483", "title": "How to study and work too", "text": "NAGPUR: The second and final day of Times Ascent Job Fair, organized in association with Persistent International of Management (PIIM), witnessed a larger participation from the city's job-seekers who made a beeline to the stalls of their choice to submit their resumes.Apart from the graduate or postgraduate degree holders, there were a lot of college students who attended the job-expo with a view to gain knowledge about different job opportunities or to find a part-time job for themselves. The students believed that getting acquainted with career prospects beforehand is necessary and this job fair was a good opportunity for it.\"I am interested in a job in IT sector and I have come here to get details about the requirements and prospects. I am also looking for a job that will permit me to study simultaneously as it helps in gaining professional experience at a young age,\" he said.Endorsing his views was second year MBA student Sonal Binekar who said that having a job experience while studying is a plus on the resume. \"It is not very hard to do an internship or training in a company these days. There is a cut-throat competition in today's world when it comes to placements. So, adding an extra feather in your cap will enhance your chances,\" she said.Being interested in jobs related to finance and banking sector, Binekar found a lot about the field at the fair. \"Many of my doubts regarding various internship programmes got cleared while talking to the representatives of different companies present here,\" she told TOI.Akash Barnabas, branding executive of Raisoni Group of Institutions, agreed that nowadays many students like to start working even before they complete their education. \"I must say this is a great way to earn and learn at the same time. There are many job opportunities available which do not demand a degree and helps students to relish a professional and experienced like,\" he said.Commenting on distant learning education, Mudassir Khan, from PIIM, said that it is a good option for the youth to continue working and get a degree at the same time. \"This job fair consists of educational institutions as well as reputed companies in a single platform. The city students do not need to go to metro cities as they have a chance to find excellent placements here. PIIM also offers various graduate and postgraduate courses for working professionals so that they can make the best use of their time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11497035", "title": "Pak SC to decide fate of Zardari, Gilani on Monday", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The fate of Pakistan's embattled leaders, including President Asif Ali Zardari, could be decided on Monday when the Supreme Court takes up the memo scandal and high-profile graft cases even as the beleaguered government has turned to Parliament for crucial support.The National Assembly or lower house of parliament is expected to vote on Monday on a resolution that seeks endorsement and support for \"efforts made by the political leadership for strengthening democracy\" and calls for reposing \"full confidence and trust\" in them.Even as parliament considers the resolution, a 17-member bench of the apex court will resume hearing of a case related to the reopening of corruption cases that were closed under the National Reconciliation Ordinance (NRO), a graft amnesty issued by former military ruler Pervez Musharraf in 2007.A judicial commission appointed by the apex court to investigate a mysterious memo that sought US help to prevent a feared military coup in Pakistan last year will also continue its proceedings on Monday.Pakistani-American businessman Mansoor Ijaz, who triggered a storm in the country's political circles by making public the memo, is slated to testify before the commission tomorrow though doubts continue to surround his plans to travel to Pakistan.The Supreme Court had warned last week that Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani could be disqualified and that action could also be taken against Mr. Zardari if the government kept defying its orders on the NRO issue.The court had said that Gilani \"may not be an honest person on account of his not being honest to the oath of his office\". It further warned that the President could face the \"same consequences\" for violating his oath of office.Amidst the pressure from the judiciary, the government has been engaged in a bruising confrontation with the powerful military over the memo scandal.The apex court accepted Army Chief Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani's request for an independent probe into the matter while rejecting the government's contention that the issue should be investigated by a parliamentary panel.Tensions between the government and the military reached a peak last week after Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said the army and intelligence chiefs had acted in an \"unconstitutional and illegal\" manner by filing affidavits on the memo issue in the Supreme Court without getting the government's approval.The military reacted within days through a strongly worded statement that said the premier's remarks could have \"grievous consequences\".Gilani retaliated by sacking Defence Secretary Lt Gen (retired) Khalid Naeem Lodhi, a confidant of Kayani.The premier charged the former general with \"gross misconduct\" and creating misunderstandings between the government and the military.Amid the government-military stand-off, Gilani on Saturday appeared to reach out to the powerful army but Gen Kayani is reported to have adopted a tough stance and wants withdrawal of the Prime Minister's statements critical of the military.Gilani said that all state institutions will be allowed to play their role.The apex court has been building pressure on the government since it struck down the NRO, which benefited President Zardari and 8,000 others, in 2009.It has pressured the government to write to Swiss authorities to reopen cases of alleged money laundering against Zardari but the government has refused to do so, saying the President enjoys immunity under the Constitution.Zardari himself has said that the government will not approach the Swiss authorities as long as he is in office as such a move would be tantamount to putting on trial the grave of his wife, former premier Benazir Bhutto, who too had benefited from the NRO.Some of the ruling Pakistan People's Party's allies and even top leaders of the party like former minister Aitzaz Ahsan have suggested that the government could deflect some of the pressure on it by writing to the Swiss authorities to reopen the cases.Ahsan said on Saturday that such a move would not affect the President, as he enjoys immunity even outside Pakistan under the Vienna Conventions.The resolution seeking support for democracy was moved in parliament on Friday by the Awami National Party, a key ally of the PPP, and other several partners of the PPP, like the Muttahida Qaumi Movement and PML-Q, have announced they will back it.Analysts believe the ruling coalition will be able to push the resolution through though the House could witness a heated debate on the issue, given the main opposition PML-N's intention to take on what it perceives as a weakened PPP.The PML-N has already held consultations with other opposition parties like the Jamaat-e-Islami and Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam on putting pressure on Mr. Zardari to quit and pave the way for an early general election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11495609", "title": "Salman flies economy", "text": "The actor booked three rows to get privacy from Dubai to MumbaiHe might be the biggest Khan of the industry. But Salman Khan flew down economy class on Monday morning from Dubai to Mumbai. The reason being there were no last minute tickets available at such a short notice. The Bodyguard had to join other passengers to keep his prior commitment in Mumbai.Salman was to stay back and attend the after party for the second CCL match which his team Mumbai Heroes won. However, he had to skip the party and fly back early Monday morning for work. Despite his team making last minute calls and try to arrange for tickets, the actor had to resort to the general economy class like everyone.But Khan made sure he got his privacy by booking three rows towards the exit for him and his staff. Also his personal bodyguards were clearly instructed to prevent other passengers from disturbing him for photos and autographs. Buzz is that Salman will return to Dubai either Monday night or the next day before he leaves for the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11495093", "title": "Dhrupad maestros offer shuddh ecstasy", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The word 'Khayal' has Persian roots and implies 'imagination'. Khayal gayaki has been the dominant form of Hindustani music's vocal tradition since the 19th century. The ancestry of 'Dhrupad' lies in Sanskrit - it is a compound of 'Dhruva', signifying 'fixed', and 'pada', meaning 'verse'. Between the 15th and 18th century, Dhrupad's structured beauty was the main framework for a Hindustani vocalist's artistic explorations. If Khayal instigates extempore wanderings, Dhrupad encourages expression of individual instincts within a designated monument.The opulent genius fostered by Dhrupad was relished by rasikas on Day 5 of the Saptak Music Festival when maestros Pandits Umakant and Ramakant Gundecha rendered Raga Shuddh Bhairavi. \"It is a very beautiful but challenging raga,\" Pandit Ramakant Gundecha told TOI. \"Extraneous notes keep enticing a singer. But when it is elaborated properly, Bhairavi can communicate any emotion - romance, contemplation, and the 'veer ras' that connotes vigour.\"The maestros' exposition began with 'Prabhu mori binate ur dharo' and swelled into the finale with a Kabir verse, 'Ham sab mahi, sakal ham mahi'. When the performance ended, one rasika whispered to his friend: \"What's the time?\" The answer was a quip: \"Time's nearly 2 am but Dhrupad is timeless!\"What makes Dhrupad so entrancing? \"This music is based on natural harmonies and meditative musings,\" Pandit Ramakant Gundecha explained. \"Indeed, Dhrupad is the source of all Indian music. Some say Dhrupad is difficult. But our students and accompanists - Igino Brunori on saxophone and Virginia Nicoli on silver flute - have spent only three years with us, which translates into some eight months of training, and yet managed to grasp the essentials.\"The programme preceding Gundechas' glimmered with a vintage Saptak moment when sitar icon Ustad Shujaat Khan took the stage. He confided to the audience that in the morning he had not been able to pick a raga for the performance. Then he heard a record of Ustad Amir Khan caressing Jansanmohini to reveal its fragrant delicateness. Amir Khan, an ustad who shaped Hindustani history, has also consecrated Bollywood with songs such as 'Tori jai jai kartar' ('Baiju Bawra').Ustad Shujaat Khan promised the ecstatic audience that he would sing some Amir Khusro nazms apart from expounding on Jansanmohini. Khansahab's crystalline renditions were supported by Prithviraj Mishra on the tabla. Mishra was a beloved shishya of the late Pandit Nandan Mehta, the Saptak founder. Mishra has played with stalwarts like Pandit Vishwamohan Bhatt, and the late sarangi legend Ustad Sultan Khan. The other tabla accompanist, Amit Dave, gave a good account of himself as well.Ahmedabad's confident voiceThe opening programme was Taal Triveni of tablas featuring the respected Balkrishna Mahant and his gifted sons, Himanshu and Sudhanshu. Next, Ahmedabad vocalist Vikas Parikh presented his own composition in Raga Champakali: 'Sharan pratipal Gopal rativardhini' and 'Yamuna Devi puji gormein'. Parikh, Pandit Jasraj's disciple, is hailed for his elegant delivery.Know your raga: Bhairavi: The Kishore Kumar classic from 'Gambler', 'Dil aaj shayar hai', has shades of this multi-hued raga Listener's glossary: Bandish: A composition, usually in Brijbhasha, which is structured within a raga. Text is framed to make its vowels amenable to musical elaborationKnow your raga: Bhairavi: The Kishore Kumar classic from 'Gambler', 'Dil aaj shayar hai', has shades of this multi-hued raga Listener's glossary Bandish: A composition, usually in Brijbhasha, which is structured within a raga. Text is framed to make its vowels amenable to musical elaboration", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "11495076", "title": "Less tourist flow hindered ropeway project", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The Dharamshala-Triund ropeway project had been hanging fire due to less tourist inflow in Kangra district. The tourism department has now proposed a new starting point for the said project.Tourism and Civil aviation department stated in a statement issued here on Saturday that the tenders for the Dharamshala-Triund ropeway project were invited twice in 2009 and 2010 but no one responded to the tenders within the prescribed time period.\"To analyze the reason for no response, the Rail India Technical and Economic Services (RITES), a special wing of the railways, was called to conduct a survey and the latter stated that the reason for not receiving any bid for this ropeway was less tourist inflow to Kangra district as compared to Kullu-Manali and Shimla circuits,\" the statement pointed out.Now, the department has proposed a new starting point of the project from Patola in Khaniyara village near Dharamshala for the ropeway project.Earlier, the ropeway was to be made from Dharamshala to Triund but now it would extend from Khaniyara to Triund. Another survey would be conducted by RITES (Rail India Technical and Economic Services) tofind out the viability of this project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11493129", "title": "Marker pen instead of ink during polling", "text": "NAGPUR: Citizens exercising their franchise for the civic election on February 16 will witness a change. A marker pen will be used instead of the indelible ink to register their votes.The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) received a notice on the move from the State Election Commission (SEC) a few days ago. \"Officials concerned have to create awareness on this during the training camp to be organized before the polling. The specific instructions on how to use the marker pens should be informed to the staffers on polling duty,\" said the SEC.The new pattern will replace the system that's been in vogue for many years now. There have been instances of complaints of the ink wearing off and people voting again. Moreover, staffers had to face problems in handling the ink bottles and also applying the mark on the index finger of the voter.Previously, staffers at polling booths use to put a dot of inedible ink on the index finger. As per new directives, the staffers have to draw a small line across the nail and the skin of the index finger with the marker pen. The marker pen has to* be used three to four times with pressure for making a thick line. Besides, the staffer or in-charge of the polling booth has to check the index finger of the voter to confirm whether the line is in tact or not after the vote is cast.\"Keep the marker pen in horizontal direction when not in use. Besides, the officials concerned have to ensure the cap is on the pen after marking the line. All these would ensure that the pens work well,\" read the circular.NMC officials told TOI that the SEC would provide the marker pens. The ink in the pen would be inedible and may not get rubbed off which will help prevent double voting. Four marker pens will be provided at each booth. The city is expected to have around 2,900 booths, thus the requirement would be around 12,000.\"The circular doesn't specify the colour but we presume black will be retained,\" said an NMC official.If everything works out well, the SEC is likely to continue the new pattern of marker pen in all elections till the introduction of any new pattern.New markingsPolling staffers will use a marker pen instead of ink to register your votesThey have been instructed to draw a vertical line on the index finger a few times with pressureWith this, staffers will not have to worry about ink spilling from bottlesNagpur will have 2,900 booths and each will have four pensThe 12,000 that will be needed will be provided by the state election commission", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11492407", "title": "Bishop removed from post over embezzlement charges", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Synod Court of Church of South India (CSI), on Saturday, removed the Coimbatore bishop Manickam Dorai from his post after a CB-CID investigation found that he misappropriated church funds worth Rs 3.5 crore.A communique in this regard from church moderator S Vasanthakumar would be read out during the services on Sunday in all churches under the Coimbatore diocese council, church sources informed. Moderator Vasanthakumar will take over as bishop of the diocese.Recently, CB-CID sleuths seized documents revealing irregularities committed by Dorai from the diocese office and filed a chargesheet before Coimbatore Chief Judicial magistrate court. Charges were also framed against Dorai's brothers Dhanapalan, Murthy and Manesan. Four other accomplices of Dorai are also facing criminal proceedings.As per the communique from Vasanthakumar, the executive committee of Coimbatore diocese has been dissolved and an administrative committee was set up to take care of the diocese administration. A three-member committee has also been constituted to look into the merits of other allegations leveled against Dorai.After CB-CID took over the case, the bishops' council of CSI discussed the allegations against Dorai in detail and empowered the moderator to frame charges against Dorai and constitute the court of synod. Before the removal, the synod court had provided an opportunity to the bishop to respond to the charges against him in writing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "11495904", "title": "\u2018Admin didn\u2019t follow official protocol\u2019", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The row over the press conference organised by union HRD Kapil Sibal on Friday during his two-day visit to the city, took a new turn when the organiser and convener, Kisan Evam Khet Mazdoor Congress Committee, Abhay Awasthi faxed a memorandum to the chief election commissioner and state election officer drawing their attention towards the alleged high handedness of the district authorities and local police.Stating that the union HRD minister was in the city to take part in a seminar at Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology ( MNNIT), Awasthi said that the room in the said hotel in Civil Lines locality was booked for the minister by institute authorities.Moreover the district authorities did not follow the official protocol which otherwise is followed during the visit of a Union minister. No police personnel were deployed for minister's security at the hotel premises.As regards organising the press conference, he said that it was organised after seeking due permission and paying the requisite fee to Allahabad News Reporters Club. The conference was addressed by the minister alone where he briefed the media about the achievements of central government and drawbacks of the state government. No party candidate was present on the dais along with the minister who neither issued any appeal to vote in their favour. He has demanded a high level inquiry into the whole incident by an independent agency and urged the commission to clear it's position on organising press conferences during election period so that district authorities may act accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11494415", "title": "Justice Katju: Publishers must scout for literary talents", "text": "NEW DELHI: Press council chairman Markandey Katju on Satuday said the country desperately needs writers who could enlighten people about social problems and asked leading publishers to scout for the best literary talents.Addressing Federation of Indian Publishers here, Katju cited lack of good literature in the country today and said Indians are thirsty for it.\"Where is the Prem Chand of today? Where is the Sharat Chandra Chattopadyay of today? Where is the Charles Dickens of today? Where is the Upton Sinclair of today?\" he asked. He said India is passing through very difficult times and great writers are required to enlighten the people about the problems they are facing.\"In the tribal areas where the tribals are living, the Bhils, the Gonds and Santhals, I am sure there will be great literary talent there,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11493549", "title": "Mushrooming hotels put tiger reserve under pressure", "text": "JAIPUR: The tiger town of Sawai Madhopur is now faced with a problem of plenty. In the past few years, the place has seen quick proliferation of hotels, lodges and rented accommodations, all catering to the tiger safari in the reserve. The tourism ministry now feels that it is hampering the core issue of 'tiger conservation.'Now since the district administration has toughened its stand on granting no objection certificates (NOC) to hotels and the state Lokayukta is investigating the number of hotels which have been granted permission within the 500-metre park periphery, those planning investment in the hospitality industry here might be in for some shock.\"Tigers are our national beauties. But lack of eco-friendly practices and mushrooming of resorts and hotels in and around national parks in an unplanned manner is blocking the wildlife corridors,\" Sanjay Kothari, additional secretary, Union ministry of tourism, said.The factual situation is too alarming. The road leading to the National Park is dotted with recently completed hotels and several low budget guest houses are under construction.\"In a day only 1,040 tourists can go into the park at a time and there are already 2,000 rooms available. Another 2,000 rooms that are in various stages of construction are going to put immense pressure on the park,\" said Giriraj Singh Kushwaha, district collector.Recently, Kushwaha has also written to chief secretary S Ahmed requesting that the government give no more NOCs for any hotel project in S Madhopur.Some land conversions were allowed in the 500-metre periphery of the park for which two sub-divisional officers have been chargesheeted and the district administration has been asked to undo the wrong, sources said. There are some high-profile individuals and politicians who have been given 90B permission without the forest officials' consent.\"We won't be able to increase the number of vehicles that go into the park at a time beyond 20 gypsies and 20 canters, i.e., 520 tourists. Upcoming hotels are outside the 500 metre limit. But of course this is going to create competition among the hotels,\" said a forest official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11492712", "title": "Locals support plan for underground Metro", "text": "MUMBAI: Inundated by congestion on the city's roads every day, Mumbaikars seem to have a clear vision about future modes of transport.On Wednesday, citizens did not raise any objections to the proposal to build an underground Metro rail link between Colaba and Seepz in Andheri via Bandra and the airport, thereby indicated their support to the subterranean route proposed between south Mumbai and the western suburbs, say Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) officials.Citizens were invited to submit their objections and suggestions by January 11 over the third Metro line. \"We have not received a single letter suggesting changes in the plan. This indicates the unanimous support of citizens to the Metro plan,\" said a senior MMRDA official.The construction of the first Metro line (Versova-Andheri-Ghatkopar) is progressing steadily and will be completed by the year-end, said an MMRDA official. However, the work on the Charkop-Bandra-Mankhurd line is yet to take off, officials added.Citizen groups from the western suburbs have objected to the elevated route due to fears that it could led to congestion and pollution on the arterial Link and S V roads.Based on the public's response, MMRDA officials had planned to hold a public meeting on the third Metro line in February. However, this may be called off in the absence of objections. The plan for the third Metro line was kept in BKC and other places, but few turned up to peruse it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11493640", "title": "Creative writing workshop at Nuvem", "text": "Creative writing in all its major forms will be showcased between January 16 and 18 at Carmel College of arts, commerce and science, Nuvem. Damodar Mauzo will speak on the form of the novel on January 16, Savia Viegas will deal with the form of the story on the January 17 and Manohar Shetty will dwell on contemporary poetry on January 18.Cuncolim consumer forum meet today: The Cuncolim civic and consumer forum (CCCF) will have its monthly general meeting of consumers on January 15, at 10.30am, at Our Lady of Health High School, Cuncolim. Among the issues to be discussed are the menace of misleading advertisements, road safety and traffic management, violations of packaged commodities rules, importance of citizens charters and the nutritional challenges faced by women and children consumers.Vipassana meditation course: Goa Vipassana Samiti will organize a day-long Vipassana meditation course on January 15 from 10am to 4pm, at the Jan Ugahi office, Vikrant building, Malbhat-Margao. The course is for those who have already learnt the technique in a 10-day Vipassana course, as taught by S N Goenka, in the tradition of Sayagyi U Ba Khin. For details call on 9850457636, 9420165865, 2738690 or 2737167.'NGO confluence 2012' at BITS Pilani: The Goa chapter of Nirmaan organization and V M Salgaocar &amp; Bro Pvt Ltd will organize the 'All Goa NGO confluence 2012: A Collaborative Inspiration' in partnership with the Rotaract Club, Vasco. The conference will be held on January 15 at BITS Pilani K K Birla Goa Campus, Sancoale, from 930am to 5.30pm. Registration will start from 8.30am. There will also be a panel discussion on the topic 'Financial and legal hurdles faced by an NGO'. Among the speakers are Anshu K Gupta (Founder director of Goonj), Dr Anand Bang (medical and public health research officer, Dr Girish Kulkarni (Honorary director at Snehalaya) and Arunendra Pandey ( President, ARZ- Anyay Rahid Zindagi). Other NGOs participating in this confluence include The Sangath Society for Child Development and Family Guidance, Recolhimento De Serra, Bailancho Ekvott, India Centre for Human Rights (Socio-legal aid cell) Goa, Casa de-la-Esperenca, Missionaries of Charity and El Shadai. For details contact Fatima Dilruba (Ph: 9637423618).Classical music soiree at Calangute: A classical music soiree, the 46th concert of the 'International 88 Concert Tour', will be held at Art Chamber, Calangute, on January 24. There will be a piano recital by Kimball Gallagher. For more information contact Rudolf Ludwig Kammermeier on 9823217435.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11494851", "title": "Now, Yadav Jr rakes up Batla case", "text": "LUCKNOW: Leading his Kranti Rath through Azamgarh, Samajwadi Party's UP chief Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday raked up the Batla House encounter and said that the Congress must tell the truth to the people.Speaking to TOI from Azamgarh, Akhilesh said, \"Samajwadi Party has always maintained that there should be a judicial probe into the Batla House encounter. The Delhi Police, the Union home minister and the agencies (that alleged people involved in the Batla House encounter were terrorists) are run by the Congress. Now, the Congress party is being cornered, and it owes an explanation to the people.\"Making an oblique reference to Digvijay Singh's comments that the Batla House encounter was fake - the comments that had everyone within the Congress circles cringing - Akhilesh said that the Congress had indulged in doubletalk for a long time. This trend has to change. \"The protests against Rahul Gandhi , when he visited Azamgarh were clearly indicative of the local sentiments,\" he added.Undertaking the fourth leg of his Samajwadi Kranti Rath Yatra, Akhilesh also claimed that the SP had a finger on the pulse of Muslims in the region. Maintaining that Muslims in Azamgarh and elsewhere wanted a secular government that gave the community its due, Akhilesh said, \"Samajwadi Party leader Mulayam Singh Yadav has always supported their cause. Muslims in Azamgarh were given roads, bridges, subsidies for weavers, medical colleges, an airport and a women's hospital under the SP regime. All projects started during Netaji's tenure as CM. Many projects could not be completed, as the current government didn't care. Once we return to power, Azamgarh will again get these facilities.\"Akhilesh also fielded questions about SP's protests against author Salman Rushdie's visit to India.\"We have repeatedly protested against Rushdie because we believe no author should hurt the religious sentiments of any sect or religion. As a responsible writer, Rushdie should have stayed away from such topics. His writings have created a sense of unease among the Muslims,\" the Yadav Jr said and added that SP would always be at the forefront to defend different religious groups, if someone intentionally hurt their sentiments.The Delhi Police, the home minister and the agencies (that alleged people involved in the Batla encounter were terrorists) are run by the Congress. Now, the Congress party is being cornered and it owes an explanation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11493895", "title": "'Killed woman put up a fight'", "text": "NEW DELHI: A mother-daughter duo were found murdered in their house in west Delhi on Saturday evening and Rs 35,000 in cash and jewellery were missing , police said. The incident was reported from west Delhi's Rajouri Garden area and the deceased have been identified as Gurpreet Kaur (29) and her eight-year-old daughter Jasmine. The killer(s), however, spared Jasmine's two-year-old sister, who was perhaps asleep. The killings were reported around 4.45pm. Police have registered a case of murder.The family lived on the first floor of the house in Nanak Vihar Extension near Subhas Nagar, while the ground floor was taken up by their maternal uncle Baldev Gill's transport office. Simi's husband Gurpreet Singh (32) runs a transport financing business with offices at Moti Nagar and Mongolpuri. \"Singh, my brother and I left home for Naraina at 2pm and returned around 3.30pm,\" said Gill, who owns an auto parts shop. \"Singh left immediately for the Moti Nagar office. Around 4.15pm, I asked Sanjeev Kumar , my servant, to fetch some saunf (fennel) from Simi. He returned shocked after he found her lying unconscious in a pool of blood near the almirah,\" said Gill. Additional CP (west) V Renganathan said Simi's body was found on the floor near one of the almirahs, while Jasmine was lying on the bed. \"The youngest daughter though was unharmed and she was found playing on the bed.Simi had deep cuts and wounds on her throat, wrist and stomach. She was evidently attacked with a sharp object several times, but none resembled a stab wound. Jasmine too had her throat slit and had deep wounds on her wrist. We found that Rs 35,000 was stolen from the house along with precious jewellery. Some artificial jewellery was dumped on the bed. Three almirahs were ransacked,'' said Renganathan. Cops believe the youngest daughter was asleep when the murders took place, possibly between 2.30 pm and 4.30pm. That the killers stabbed the eight-year-old indicated she knew them and they wanted to silence her, say investigators.\"We are looking at all angles including robbery, business rivalry, a personal enmity and even the involvement of some former employee of the deceased's husband who might have been disgruntled,'' said an officer. \"The cuts on Simi's body indicate she put up major fight. We have recovered some hair from her hand which proves that she was involved in a tussle with her assailant. The crime team has been asked to preserve it for future DNA testing,\" the officer added. The post mortem will be carried out at Deen Dayal Upadhay Hospital on Sunday. \"The deceased's relatives are being questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11501203", "title": "Riot of colours in sky as kites soar", "text": "PATNA: Thousands of kites dotted the sky over the Moin-ul-Haq stadium on Sunday as more than 2,000 kite enthusiasts participated in the 'Century Kite Festival-2012' organized by the art, culture and youth affair department on Makar Sankranti.Inaugurating the festival, Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said, \"After the success of last year's kite festival, department has once again organized this festival as it not only evokes feelings of joy but also spreads the feeling of brotherhood.\"Beautiful kites of different colours and provided a visual treat at the festival that was also attended by some international kite flyers, including Ambarish Rastogi and his team from Kite Flying Association, Moradabad, and Mohammad Sualeheen and his team from Jamhuria Kite Club, Delhi.The minister also enjoyed flying a kite prepared by a group from Uttar Pradesh. Kite buffs from across the city had assembled in the stadium to enjoy the festival that later turned into a competition with people competing against each other by indulging in kite fights and screaming 'woh kaata'.\"For the first time I have seen professional kite flyers. Watching them fly kites was a visual treat,\" said Preetam Srivastava, a student.To encourage kite flyers, the department was temporarily giving visitors kites, string and spool for free. \"We have brought these kites especially for the festival from Delhi, Kolkata and Moradabad,\" said an official of art and culture department.\"After coming to the kite festival I grew nostalgic about the days when my father used to bring kites for me and we used to fly together,\" said Mahesh Jha, a resident of Kankarbagh, adding, \"Now, I have brought my grandson here for the kite festival.\"Girls and women weren't far behind in enjoying the festival. \"I cut almost 10 kites throughout the day. The boys here were almost surprised to see that girls can also fly kites,\" said Priyanka Kumari, a student of Magadh Mahila College.\"I love flying kites and have been doing so on Makar Sankranti every year. Such a kite festival gives us an opportunity to have a healthy competition,\" said Raman Singh , a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11498709", "title": "Mukul Dev has a blast", "text": "Mukul Dev is in town shooting for Ravi Kinagi's untitled next. To the uninitiated, this isn't Mukul's first Bengali film. \"My first was with Tarun Chatterjee in \" Abhisandhi\".This is my second. It was the banner and the fact that they were making a film (read \"Krishna\") close to my heart that got me interested in the project,\" says the actor and adds that he got a warm welcome from the unit. \"I never felt an alien, so there was no question of breaking the ice on the sets. It was like one big family. \"As for getting the diction right Mukul opines, \"Bengali is like Urdu. If you cannot get the pronunciation right, you spoil the flavour of it all. I tried my best apart frrom the fact that there were people prompting my lines. I got the the lines written in English and then went for the final take. That made things simple for me.\" Ask him what he tucked into when on the sets and the actor says that he enjoyed jhal muri. \"I love this street food and I must have it when in the city,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11493557", "title": "Dabolim faces brunt of AI pilots' strike", "text": "VASCO: Angry scenes were witnessed at the Dabolim airport on Saturday as about 290 Dubai-bound passengers were stranded after a Goa-Dubai flight was cancelled due to the countrywide Air India pilots' strike.Air India officials were at the receiving end as the angry passengers were seen questioning them over the lack of intimation about the flight's cancellation.As the strike was called off by late evening, alternative arrangements were made with the flight scheduled to take off early Sunday morning.Earlier in the day, the Goa-Mumbai-Bangkok Air India flight was also cancelled. Sources at the airport said Air India, however, made arrangements to fly the passengers to Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11493633", "title": "'Can't blame all shacks for bad behaviour'", "text": "PANAJI: The tourism department's decision to move Goa Coastal Zone Management Authority (GCZMA) to disallow beach shacks at Candolim's Camotin vaddo has come under criticism from stakeholders.The Goa Shack Owners Welfare Society president Cruz Cardozo today urged the director of tourism Swapnil Naik not to go ahead with the decision. Cruz said the shack owners would submit all the material at hand to put the records straight.\"It would be wrong to blame the shack owners of Camotin vaddo in general for the unruly behaviour, if any (by one or two of them), against tourism officials,\" Cardozo said, adding that there are 20 shacks on the stretch.He said following their request, the tourism director has agreed not to pursue the decision prohibiting shacks in the vaddo next year.Speaking to TOI, shack owners in Camotin vaddo said that tourism department is free to take action against those who have flexed their muscles. Similar incidents had taken place in other stretches but no such action was ever taken by the tourism department, they pointed out.Local MLA Agnelo Fernandes also criticized the action of the tourism department. He demanded that the department cannot be so harsh for wrong behaviour of a few shack owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11492409", "title": "Political parties in a fix over women candidates", "text": "MUMBAI: They have publicly welcomed 50% reservation for women in the upcoming civic polls, but all may not be well in the camps of various political parties. Searching for \"winnable\" women candidates is proving to be a daunting task for few parties.Workers across party lines say that the selection of candidates will finally boil down to fielding wives and daughters of sitting corporators who have lost their seat due to reservation. Analysts say that parties like Shiv Sena and MNS are better off than Congress and NCP when it comes to fielding women candidates, owing to the \"robust\" women's wings that they have.The Congress plans to open its doors to active candidates from ALMs and NGOs. Mahila Congress president Janet D'Souza said, \"We may consider taking candidates from ALMs and NGOs but it does not mean that we have a dearth of candidates. We have started selecting our candidates from each ward and once the list is announced, the public will know that we have the best candidates.\" Congress MP Sanjay Nirupam said, \"There may be certain wards where there aren't enough strong candidates and the gates are being opened to ALMs and NGOs. But this is not the case in my district. We will not field the wives and daughters of sitting corporators as we have enough strong women candidates.\"The number of seats reserved for women has jumped from 76 of 227 in the 2007 polls to 114 in the upcoming BMC elections. Women can also contest from open wards (67). The Congress is worst affected as 69 of its councillors have lost their constituencies because of the reservation. Compared to the Sena, the party does not have a strong women's wing. It was only at the insistence of party president Sonia Gandhi and former city unit chief Gurudas Kamat that membership got a boost few years ago. \"No doubt the Sena has an advantage as they have a cadre system and have women members at the ground level,\" said a senior Congress corporator.The Sena started interviewing women candidates a year ago. The party invited resumes of workers who were keen on contesting the elections. At the ward level, the Sena has been popular for the self-help groups or Bachatgats. The party is also likely to field some Bachatgat members in the polls. \"These women who manufacture eatables have been popular in their own wards. We started the process of identifying candidates a year back. We are looking at party workers who have long experience in their respective ward,\" said former mayor and senior Shiv Sena leader Vishakha Raut, adding, \"Our women candidates will be entering kitchens to convince the women voters.\" In the Sena, women are represented at each electoral level - assembly, ward. The Congress, on the other hand, has only booth members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11496598", "title": "Bhopal gas victims want Chidambaram out of GoM", "text": "BHOPAL: Survivors of the Bhopal gas disaster and victims organizations on Saturday burnt effigies of Union Home minister P Chidambaram, protesting against the recent decision of the Group of Ministers (GoM) not to revise the figures of death toll and those maimed in the world's largest industrial disaster in 1984.Blaming the centre for not revising the figures of deaths and injured in the curative petition pending before the Supreme Court, the victim organizations now plan to take their protests to New Delhi, demanding removal of Chidambaram from the GoM.The protests were held at the Yaadgar-e-Shahjehani amid heavy police bandobust, particularly in the wake of recent violent agitation by the gas victims on the anniversary day Bhopal gas tragedy on December three.\"Such a unilateral decision cannot be imposed on the gas victims. It is against the data from scientific studies by the government's very own apex research agency Indian Council of Medical Research,\" said Satinath Sarangi of Bhopal Group for Information and Action (BGIA). BGIA and Bhopal Gas Peedit Mahila Udyog Sangthan (BGPMUS), two NGOs working among the victims for the last more than two and a half decade, claim that actual figure of casualties is much higher than the official figure. \"A minister who can devote more time should have been entrusted with the charge. It has been our demand since the GoMB's inception,\" said Sarangi. Friday's GoM meeting was its second since it was formed in June 2010.\"The government has declined to change the official death toll of 5,295 it filed before the Supreme Court. Now we will collect data of the gas victims and pressurize the central government to accept our demands,\" said activist Rashida Bi.However BGPMUS convener Abdul Jabbar reiterated, \"It is for the state government to collect the data by inviting fresh claims and assessing it scientifically. You cannot pull out a figure from the box and suggest it. A scientific study is long pending and only that will give justice to the gas victims.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11492885", "title": "Syndicate member demands VC Go on leave", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after the academic council witnessed heated exchanges over the Bangalore School of Economics, the Bangalore University syndicate - the highest decision-making body in the varsity - witnessed arguments over vice-chancellor Dr N Prabhu Dev's continuance at the helm.The syndicate discussed the governor's probe into recent disturbances in the university which prompted the VC to stay away from the Jnanabharathi campus.Syndicate member KV Acharya walked out of the meeting, demanding the VC go on leave pending inquiry. \"The VC has no right to be at the syndicate. There is an inquiry against him. He doesn't not heed any of the government letters, including the removal of the director of distance education. He manipulates the syndicate records. When he doesn't abide by the statutes, how can things work smoothly?\" Acharya said.Acharya then walked out and the meeting resumed after a short interruption. There have been constant arguments between the two men in earlier syndicate meetings too. When STOI asked the VC about it, he said: \"Did he walk out? I didn't see.''Grievance cell from tomorrowThe syndicate approved a proposal to set up a grievance cell on the Jnanabharathi and Central College campuses from January 16. Student's grievances will be addressed within 7 days to 15 days.A student can fill a grievance form. A unique ID will be given to her as well as the date by which it would be redressed. The grievance will be sent to the department concerned and employees of all departments will be sensitized to deal with grievances. The maximum number of grievances is about evaluation. Grievances are classified into academic, administration, admission, placement, individual faculty and others.The syndicate deferred the decision to constitute local inquiry committees to look into the renewal of affiliation of colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11492455", "title": "CJI: Don\u2019t paint every institution as corrupt", "text": "MUMBAI: \"Don't paint every institution as corrupt,\" said Chief Justice of India Sarosh Homi Kapadia on Saturday, as he took on \"organized pressure groups\" that were trying to tar the judiciary. Speaking at the Nani Palkhivala Memorial Lecture, he said judges had nothing to fear from the proposed judicial accountability bill.\"Well-founded and organized groups are trying to influence the public that the judiciary is not very different from politics,\" said the CJI.\"Apart from independence from the executive and the legislature, the judiciary should also be independent from organized pressure groups and popular public opinion,\" he added.\"The present decade is tinged with cynicism of all institutions,\" said the top judge, \"Don't paint every institution as corrupt. It will ruin the country, the economy.\" CJI Kapadia added that the problems that arose from corruption could be solved only through transparency and accountability.He pointed to the public debate on the collegium system for appointment of judges. \"Before we demolish the system, give an alternative. People are free to criticize, but let there be studied criticism. If Parliament or the people are not happy with the collegium system, why don't they move for a review (of the 11 judge bench judgment) or amend the Constitution,\" he pointed out.The CJI said some in the judicial community were upset with the proposal for a judicial accountability bill. \"I am of the view that judicial integrity is higher than judicial independence. If there is integrity, then one should not be bothered about the proposed judicial commission or the judicial accountability bill.\"He also bemoaned the fact that senior lawyers were busy making money but rarely contribute to the legal academics. \"Senior lawyers are busy making money from Monday to Friday. They do not contribute to the development of law because of which the burden falls on the judges,\" said the CJI. Judges should not express opinion in public on pending litigation or issues that can become potential litigation, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11494558", "title": "Games politicians play in the silly season of elections", "text": "Like certain flowers that blossom only in the spring, Indian politics comes alive in its true colours only during election time. The strategies adopted by the political parties tell you what matters to people - or, answers the elusive question - how exactly do Indians vote?Certain moves announced by political parties for the upcoming UP election, whether absurd, controversial or unethical, give you immense insight into what works for the average voter. Even the most rational, modern-thinking politicians adopt primitive and regressive measures to pander to the electorate. They do this for one and only one purpose - to win. In fact, victory becomes so important that they forget or ignore the long-term repercussions of their actions on our society and nation as a whole.Take two examples, one each from the major parties, to see how peculiar Indian politics truly is.The first is the BJP's attempted induction of corruption tainted Kushwaha. The move backfired immediately. In fact, it made people wonder why the BJP, of the anti-corruption-rath-yatra fame, took on board someone publicly fired for corruption. While the media bashing forced the BJP to withdraw, the reason why the BJP did it wasn't pure stupidity. The Kushwaha community, classified in the OBC category, is nearly 10% of UP's population. It is understood the community votes en bloc and can cause a major swing. The controversy regarding his induction made Kushwaha a star overnight. Such a tantalizing slice of UP's vote bank pizza was too much to resist. The resulting indigestion aside, one can see what made the BJP do it.The second, equally if not more, disturbing act is the Congress proclamation of a Muslim quota within the OBC quota. Congress leaders are roaming around UP as you read this, touting their plan to slice an already sliced OBC quota for the Muslims.Both the actions above have devastating impact on Indian society and scars Indian values. The first act pardons sins like corruption if you have the right caste. It says that we as Indian people don't value honesty above community.The impact of the second act, the Muslim reservation, is even more sinister. It divides Hindus and Muslims further. It sanctions privilege and advantage on the basis of religion. Religious reservations are bizarre. Consider this, one cannot convert his or her caste, but can convert their religion. So, could we see a scenario in the future in which a Hindu boy cannot get a job or college admission, but if he converts to Islam, he can get it under the quota? Are we incentivizing conversion? How can we allow such a policy to be even announced or be put in a manifesto, let alone take effect?The sad part is, such reservation does little for Muslims who need good education, entrepreneurship and empowerment to rise in society. Many Muslims are national icons in this country, and they have done it with their own talent, grit and determination. Muslims need an environment that nurtures their talent, rather than meaningless poll-time freebies. If a father gives his children toffees instead of buying books for school, it may get the child excited. But will you call him a good father?However, for a change, i am not blaming any of the politicians for the above two actions. Perhaps if we were in the same situation, we would be left with no choice but adopt similar measures. The problem is not with the politicians, who simply mirror and adapt to the environment. The issue is with the Indian electorate, or us. The great Indian mind is filled with prejudice. Centuries of persecution, discrimination even in the present day, and a belief that one's own kind is superior has led to these prejudices. These in turn have led to a haphazard democracy that is more cacophony than consensus. The ruckus we often see in Parliament is nothing but a visualization of the average Indian mind, of chaos and confusion about who we really are. Even the most educated of us are prejudiced. One simple test of prejudice is this - will you allow your siblings or children to marry outside your community or religion? If your answer is no, then no matter how much you cheer for the Indian team, stand in attention for the national anthem or cheer the Indian flag - you are prejudiced. And until such time that most of us stay prejudiced, we will have the confused and mediocre leadership that we have right now. No matter how many hunger fasts activists do, or good policies economists suggest, if in our minds we don't get the concept of being Indian, and treat that above anything else, we will remain a messed up country. Yes, dalits were treated badly in the past and some still suffer. Muslims were and some of them still are discriminated against. However, things have improved, and if you shed your prejudices, they will improve even faster. If there were no prejudice, there would be no need for the BJP to take a tainted Kushwaha, and no need for the Congress to announce quotas within quotas.If we don't change however, we aregoing to move towards disaster. There will be lack of decision-making, inefficiency and a stalling of progress and growth. The young generation will find it even more difficult to get a good education and jobs.After all, if we choose our leader based on the toffees he gives us, then we somewhat deserve our fate. However, the elections are coming, and provide a chance - to express your prejudice, or shed it. What are you going to do?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11493828", "title": "Over 1,000 electricity dispute cases settled", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than 1,000 cases of electricity disputes, which were pending in various courts in the city, were settled in the special Lok Adalat organized by Delhi Legal Services Authority (DLSA) at Saket court complex on Saturday.Twelve special benchesdealt with electricity matters pertaining to BSES RPL where any consumer having disputes could walk in for an on-the-spot settlement. While around 1,100 electricity cases were taken up by the Lok Adalat, around 1,040 cases were settled and a total of Rs 3 crore was given out as settlement amount.A regular weekend Lok Adalat was also held in all the six court complexes where several civil and criminal cases, which were referred to the Lok Adalats by regular courts, were taken up for hearing.More than 3,553 cases relating to cheque bounce, recovery matters, and so on, were taken up by 43 Benches in the courts and a total of 3,021 cases pending were disposed of. Out of the settled cases, 74 cases of Motor Accident Claim Tribunal were settled and a total amount of Rs 1.12 crore was awarded. The Lok Adalat was held under the guidance of Acting Chief Justice of high court Justice A K Sikri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11496043", "title": "Two new addresses for the homeless soon", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has agreed to allot land to Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) to establish two more night shelters for the homeless in the city.BMC slum improvement officer Srimanta Kumar Mishra said on Saturday the general administration department, custodian of government land, has agreed to allot land at Kharavelanagar, near an existing night shelter, and another piece at Bomikhal.The new shelters will add to two existing facilities at Malisahi (Kharavelanagar) and Gyana Nagar, near Bindusagar. The proposed shelters will be far better equipped than the present ones, Mishra said. \"The BMC has already given a proposal to Housing and Urban Development Corporation for construction. We are preparing a detailed project report and the design,\" he said.While the existing night shelters were accommodated in buildings meant for other purposes, the new ones will be built specifically keeping in mind the needs of the homeless. The existing night stay facilities provide food, bed sheets and periodic health check-ups to around 30 destitutes. The Centre for Development Research and Training (CENDERET), the social development wing of Xavier Institute of Management, conducts operational maintenance of the shelters. The CENDERET, which had done a baseline survey on the homeless in the city, has also been working to bring the needy to these centres.As part of the state's commitment to the Supreme Court, the BMC had started the two night stay facilities for the homeless in the city last year. The state government had said in an affidavit to the apex court on November 22, 2010, that night shelters will be ready in Bhubaneswar, Cuttack and Puri in a year.The 2011 census figures on the homeless are yet to be made public. The BMC had formed six teams to count the homeless in the state capital. The team visited identified hideouts at Priyadarshini market, railway station, Indra Dhanu market, Khandagiri, Lingaraj temple, Lingaraj station, Baramunda, backside of Nabard office to count them. NGOs had collected basic data on location address, landmark and number of people taking shelter in these localities, which was passed on to census enumerators before visiting these areas in the night. \"The figure is expected soon,\" a census officer said.According to 2001 census, there were over 42,000 homeless people in the state, including 31,000 in rural areas and 11,000 urban pockets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11492558", "title": "C P Thakur has taste of graft", "text": "PATNA: State BJP president and Rajya Sabha member Dr C P Thakur recently had a taste of rampant corruption when cut money had to be paid for the construction of the school building of Rajkiyakrit Prathmik Vidyalaya for slum children at R-Block locality here.Making this stark revelation on Saturday, he said the first floor of the school building could not be completed without paying cut money from the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) funds to the engineer concerned. Dr Thakur said this before announcing the launch of his party's 'School Chalo Abhiyan' on Saturday.He said that two years ago, he found that the school for slum children of the R-Block locality had no building. He took up the matter with the then Patna DM, who agreed to finance construction of a double-storied building with the SSA fund. Accordingly, construction of the building started in right earnest.However, Dr Thakur revealed, only the ground floor of the building could be completed, since the engineer concerned supervising construction of the school building demanded cut money from the SSA fund allotted for the purpose, with the assertion: \"Unless cut money is paid, the building will not be constructed.\"The locals and teachers of the primary school apprised Dr Thakur of it. Disgusted, the state BJP chief advised them to pay the cut money demanded. \"That is how the construction of the two-floor primary school building was completed,\" he said.He announced to use his party's organisational machinery to launch the three-month \"School Chalo Abhiyan (Go to School Campaign)' from Saturday. \"All state and district office-bearers, as well as other party members will take part in this campaign. The aim is to do canvassing in villages and urban localities and persuade people to take their children to schools for admission,\" Dr Thakur said.\"Our best performing district unit and best-performing worker would be given prizes for the achievements during the three-month campaign.\"Even as the literacy rate in the state had increased by 16% to 63% in 2011 compared to 47% in 2001, Bihar still had lowest literacy rate among the states. \"Our aim is take Bihar in the group of 10 most literate states of the country,\" Dr Thakur said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11493943", "title": "Govt denies NSCN (IM) leaders to travel to Swu\u2019s hometown in Nagaland", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government and Naga insurgent group NSCN (IM) are heading for 'tense' days ahead as the Union home ministry on Saturday denied permission to the banned outfit cadres to travel to Zunheboto, the hometown of their chairman Isaac Chishi Swu, under their own security.As the ministry wants them to visit under government security citing risk to lives of their leaders from rival groups, the issue saw some heated exchanges between the NSCN (IM) and government representatives in Nagaland.Sources privy to the developments said that the tiff erupted when NSCN (IM) leader V S Atem wrote to home ministry seeking permission for the visit of the outfit's leadership to at the invitation of Sumi Hoho, an influential tribal socio-cultural organization.The ministry, however, conveyed to the militant group that the ground situation in the Nagaland town was not conducive for the visit due to the factional rivalry among two other insurgent groups - NSCN's Khaplang and Khole-Kitovi factions.The NSCN (IM), which has been in 'ceasefire' mode with the government since 1997, members insisted that they would travel to Zunheboto with their armed cadres, prompting the Centre to order Assam Rifles to stop the journey by putting up barricades.Sources said the ministry's expressed that it would allow the travel only after ensuring foolproof security of NSCN (IM) general secretary T Muivah, Swu and others as they are \"highly threatened\" persons and getting proper assessment of the ground situation.It also put other conditions: that the delegation will not have any armed NSCN (IM) cadre, there will not be more than 20 vehicles in the convoy, no public meeting and no press conference during the trip, besides travelling under government security.Since ensuring proper security along the road and in Zunheboto and making assessment of the ground situation cannot be done overnight, the ministry has asked the NSCN (IM) leadership to have patience till all the arrangements are made, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11493168", "title": "NMC elections to hit property tax recovery", "text": "NAGPUR: The civic body will face difficulties to meet the Rs 210 crore revenue target set for property tax in 2011-2012 fiscal.Reason? Officials attached with the department are busy in election duty for ensuing smooth corporation elections slated for February 16. As a result, the revenue collection of the department would be dismal. The department has so far recovered over Rs 60 crore against the target of Rs 210 crore, said a source.A case in point is Dharampeth zone. With 10 inspectors and 11 tax collectors deployed for election duty, the property tax recovery has been affected, said a senior official requesting anonymity. With just two months left for the financial year to end, deployment of staff attached to property tax department will affect the NMC exchequer.Corporator Vedprakash Arya has expressed concern over deploying officials of revenue generating departments of NMC for poll duty. He said that the civic administration should exclude staffers of revenue generating departments like Octroi and property tax from election duty as these departments have a lion's share in NMC income.The revenue wing, which is considered to be the heart of the corporation, is badly affected due to staff crunch, rued Arya. In 2005-2006, against the demand of Rs 135.85 crore, the department had recovered Rs 74.02 crore. In 2006-2007, the department recovered Rs 72.12 crore against its target of Rs 139.10 crore.In 2007-2008, the achievement was Rs 91.87 crore against the target of Rs 137.15 crore. Rs 79.51 crore were recovered in 2008-2009 against the target of Rs 149.27 crore. In 2009-2010, the recovery was Rs 108.89 against demand of Rs 197.10 crore. For 2010-11, the recovery of property tax was Rs 136 crore against the target of Rs 235 crore.Moreover, the staffs were also overburdened. Citing an example, Arya said that one tax inspector is covering minimum 5,000 property owners in one year. As a result, the department always fell short in meeting targets.With tax officials on election duty, property owners will also suffer for no fault of theirs. A resident recently went to pay his property tax bill in Dharampeth zone where he was told that the staff concerned of the department was busy in election duty. Now, the property owner is worried a lot as the civic body will levy fine for paying late.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11493317", "title": "After Matanhy joins BJP, 2 more Christian leaders follow suit", "text": "PANAJI: Continuing its courtship of the minorities in Goa ahead of the March assembly election, the state BJP on Saturday inducted two more Christian leaders from South Goa into its party-fold.Sitting Mormugao councilor Carlos Almeida, who is also former chairperson of the council, joined the BJP along with Nuvem-based lawyer Joaquim D'Souza. A number of their supporters also joined the BJP. Former tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha had joined the BJP on Friday.State BJP president Laximikant Parsekar welcomed the duo into the party at a function at the BJP head office in Panaji and as usual, said that the BJP has given no assurance of a party ticket for the March assembly election to either of them. And as is the custom with other recent BJP entrants, Almeida and D'Souza also parroted the usual lines of joining the party as its loyal workers with no demand for a party ticket from their side.Almeida thanked the BJP for re-admitting him into the BJP but declined to elaborate on why he had left the party earlier. He said he has rejoined the BJP for its policies and whether to allot him the party ticket for the election, is up to the party to decide.D'Souza was more vocal and readily agreed that he will contest the elections from Nuvem if the BJP gives him a ticket. Outlining why he joined the BJP, D'Souza said that the Congress government has failed to provide good governance to the people of Goa. \"At the age of 66, I am hurt at what is going on in Goa and that I am keeping quiet. My conscience hurts. I have high hopes that the BJP will provide good governance to the state,\" D'Souza said, also arguing that the charge of being a communal party against the BJP is totally false.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11496105", "title": "Medical students to sign bonds to work for govt", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Entrants to medical institutions in Odisha will now have to sign a bond promising to work for the government for three years after they pass out of college. The state government has notified a uniform policy for all categories of medical students, asking them to sign the bond or re-pay Rs 5 lakh to Rs 15 lakh of the subsity granted to them for education.For past three years, only MBBS and BDS students securing admission under state quota were required to making such a commitment. However, the new rule extends to all-India quota undergraduate, post-graduate and post-doctoral students.Dr P K Das, director of medical education and training, said the rule has been made more stringent to overcome the shortage of doctors and paramedical workers in the state. \"The students fees are borne by the public exchequer, and the government can tackle the crisis by retaining students passing out from government medical colleges. The new police is more inclusive as it covers all categories of students,\" he said.As per the new rules, those seeking admission in MBBS and BDS courses will sign an undertaking to serve minimum three years for the government in KBK region or any other tribal areas or pay Rs 5 lakh to the state. The amount post-graduate students who refuse to comply will have to refund is pegged at Rs 10 lakh, while it is Rs 15 lakh dor super-speciality courses (DM/MCh). General nursing and midwifery (GNM) and auxiliary nursing and midwifery (ANM) students will also have to sign the agreement, or pay Rs 1 lakh and Rs 50,000 respectively.The reaction among the state's junior doctors was mixed. \"It is a welcome move, but the government must ensure proper utilisation of skills. Posting a super-specialist in areas with no facilities will be waste of talent,\" said Dr Chinmay Panda, general secretary of Junior Doctors' Association (JDA), SCB Medical College and Hospital. Another medical student said the government should not single out just doctors. \"Other professionals too are reluctant to shift to remote areas. Facilities and infrastructure should be improved so that people are willing to go anywhere voluntarily,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "basra ( iraq )", "code": "11494045", "title": "Suicide attack in Iraq kills 53 Shia pilgrims", "text": "BASRA ( Iraq ): A suicide bomber disguised as a policeman killed at least 53 people and wounded scores in an attack on Shia Muslim pilgrims at a checkpoint on Saturday.The bombing at the end of Arbain, one of the main religious observances in the Shia calendar, was the worst such incident this year, amid a political crisis and renewed fears of a resurgence of sectarian violence.\"A terrorist wearing a police uniform and carrying fake police ID managed to reach a police checkpoint and blew himself up among police and pilgrims,\" said a police official at the scene of the bombing . The pilgrims had been on their way to a major Shia mosque to the west of Basra, police said.Security forces sealed off the main hospital in Basra, fearing further attacks as soldiers , police and civilians rushed blood-covered victims to the hospital.Some of the wounded were stuffed into car trunks. Hundreds of wailing relatives packed into the city morgue searching for casualties. One woman lay on the floor screaming for her dead son and covering her head with dust from the ground in a traditional expression of grief.Riyadh Abdul-Ameer , director of the Basra health office, said the blast killed 53 people , with another 130 wounded.The explosion came as Shiites commemorate the climax of Arbaeen , which marks the end of 40 days of mourning following the anniversary of the death of Imam Hussein, a revered Shia figure. Pilgrims who cannot make it to the holy city of Karbala , south of Baghdad , often travel to other sacred sites like the shrine near Zubair.Majid Hussein, a government employee, was one of the pilgrims going to the shrine. He said people began running in panic when they heard a loud explosion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "sabarimala", "code": "11496796", "title": "Stage set for Makarajyothi festival at Sabarimala", "text": "SABARIMALA: Stage is set for the legendary annual Makarajyothi festival at the famous Sabarimala Ayyappa Temple with thousands of devotees from Kerala and other South Indian States thronging at the famous hill shrine to watch peak of the festival --the lighting of Makaravilakku --to be held after sun set on Sunday.Defying initial reports of thin attendance at the festival this time, the flow of pilgrims intensified by late Saturday night and by morning Sannidhanam, the shrine premises perched on the hill ranges forming part of lush green Western Ghats over 1260 meters above sea level have been filled with devotees.However, the senior devotees and the officials of the Travencore Devaswom Board (TDB) who govern the temple say that the crowd is thinner by about 30 per cent this year compared to previous years. The ongoing Mullaperiyar dam row between Tamil Nadu and Kerala could be a major factor for the dip in flow of pilgrims this year as Tamil Nadu's share used to be significant in the Sabarimala crowd, K Jayakumar, Additional Chief Secretary and the Kerala government-appointed Chief Coordinator of Sabarimala pilgrimage arrangements, told TOI here.One of the interesting facets of this festival is that it is the first one to be held after the TDB itself officially declaring that appearance of Makarjyothi' is man-made, and not divine as was believed for decades together. But the reports of sighting 'Makarajyothi' on Saturday evening have created a confusion this year, but the TDB President Rajagopalan Nair said the devaswom would go ahead with the plans to light the Makarajyothi on Sunday evening as was originally decided.When contacted by TOI, the Additional Director General of Police P Chandrasekharan said the police have launched a combing operations in the forests to find out who was behind the lighting of Makarajyothi without the consent of the Devaswom.The astrologers in the state were divided on the date of Makarajyothi festival this year with some arguing that it must be held on Saturday while others said it comes on Sunday. The protest threats by Mala Araya tribal community members demanding that they must be given the right to light the 'Makarajyothi' has also added drama to this year's festival. The TDB on the other hand insists that the High Court has granted them the right to light the Makarajyothi and they will go ahead with it despite protests from the tribals. Interestingly, Rahul Easwar, a member of the family of Sabarimala Thanthri (Supreme Priest) told TOI that he supported the claims of the tribals.The authorities said they have made beefed up the security arrangements at Sabarimala in view of the tragedy which claimed 102 lives during the Makarajyothi festival last year. Vehicular traffic has been banned at the Pulmedu area where the stampede occurred in on January 14, 2011. Additional space has been provided for pilgrims this year, the TDB President said. More police personnel and medical teams have been deployed at various points. Barricades have been erected at vulnerable spots where the pilgrims throng to view Makarajyothi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11495173", "title": "Lack of divider at Upanagar throws traffic out of gear", "text": "NASHIK: A break in the divider on the Nashik-Pune road (National Highway50) at Upanagar is hindering the flow of traffic, besides making it an accident prone spot as bikers and motorists enter the road abruptly.The spot is opposite the Upanagar police chowky on the highway, just a few meters away from the Gandhinagar press compound. The road divider on thehighway over a 75 to 100-metre stretch is missing till the Upanagar naka. Along this stretch there are two small roads leading to Upanagar and are being used by bikers and motorists from Sanjay Gandhi Nagar and Takli road to enter the highway. Residentsof the area say while accidents continue to occur regularly, they have also seen quite a few fatalities in the past. \"Day in and out, vehicle drivers make use of the absence of the divider to move onto the other side of the road. About a year ago, a two-wheeler driver along with a pillion rider were killed when he blindly barged out from the road of the Sanjay Gandhingar and took an extreme right to move on to the other side of the road for theNashik city. A speeding truck moving towards Nashik road crushed them to death,\" said Ramesh Shirsath of the area. At that time, the Upanagar police chowky was operational, and the policemen rushed to the spot. However, ever since the Upanagar police station has been set up at Nashik road a few months ago, most of the time the police chowky remains closed. Meanwhile, some residents also allege that the divider is not built purposefully as thereis a wedding hall. If the divider is built, then people coming for the functionat the hall will have to do a longer stretch to get there.Assistant commissioner of police Sanjeev Thakur said he has brought it to the notice of the civic authorities three to four months ago but no action has been taken. Upanagar residents of Upnagarare demanding that either the Upanagar police chowky be made operational round-the-clock or at least construct a long divider till Upanagar naka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11496344", "title": "But for cricket, Pak is India\u2019s friend", "text": "F or Gen Y from Pakistan , the 'K' word does not rattle like it does with the older generation. The six-member Pakistani delegation, represented by the students of Lahore University of Management Sciences at NYF 2012, admits that Kashmir has been a bone of contention between the countries.\"It should be sorted out either on a bilateral basis or under mediation under a neutral authority, agreeable to both and not the Big Brother,\" according to the delegation. Majid Faiza said: \"When both think Kashmir is theirs and is unwilling to listen to each other's point of view, things are bound to get complicated. What is taught in our textbooks (on Kashmir) is different from what is taught here,'' Faiza said, when asked what they think the problem in Kashmir was. Faran said the best thing about youths is that they are good listeners. \"I cannot predict a solution. My suggestion is that it should be discussed threadbare through bilateral talks. If that is not possible, a neutral-party mediator - agreeable to both - should help,'' he said, adding that there was no easy solution unless both countries really wanted a solution. \"At the same time, both countries should ask what the people of Kashmir want. It does not matter which country they opt for, but it should be done through a referendum,'' Faran adds.Keeping aside Kashmir, regarding the rancour between the two countries, Ahmed and Mansoor Nawaz feel that it is just on the political side.\"The youths are connected to India through the new-age media and Facebook. We have many good friends here. Whatever hyped up about the sour relations is entirely on the political side. Youths have moved on, as they have better things to do. But the older generation (mostly politicians) has latched on to it for survival,'' said Zeelomi Vadiwalla, a regular visitor to India. She had come here with cousin Asad Porbandarwalla from Mumbai. But all of them agree on one thing, that tension builds up when there is Indo-Pak cricket match. \"Naturally, we support our national team like you do. That's one thing we cannot let go. \"Barring this, we are friends with India on all counts,'' they said, adding that they love Bollywood movies and Indian music.Then why does Gen Y from across the border not take to politics and make relations between the countries better? \"Gen Y is not likely to be trusted by people in politics at young age. But there are younger politicians (foreign minister) Hina Rabbani Khar and others who are making a mark. We will definitely see a change soon,\" said Faiza and Maroof.They suggest that more interaction between the two countries, on the lines of NYF, will strengthen the bond.Regarding the NYF, Faiza admits that India has more cultural diversity than Pakistan. Basing her view on the cultural snapshot at the fest, she said: \"We have four provinces and as many major languages. India is a true representation of cultural diversity and unity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "11494213", "title": "DLF City to use treated water for horticulture", "text": "GURGAON: The DLF City Residents' Welfare Association is all set to use treated water for watering the green belt areas within DLF City rather than using the HUDA-supplied canal water.The association has also hired a tanker which would collect water from the sewage treatment plant situated in DLF Phase V and would water the green belt areas of DLF City. Sudhir Kapoor, general secretary of DLF City RWA, said, \"We as citizens of the city are concerned about the water table which is depleting rapidly. The RWA has hired a tanker of storage capacity of 5,000 litres and would be plying twice a day collecting 10,000 litres of water on a daily basis which would be sufficient to water nearly one acre of land with green area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11492735", "title": "India placed at bottom of nuclear safety index compiled by US thinktank", "text": "NEW DELHI: Weeks ahead of the nuclear security summit in Seoul, India has been dealt a blow on its famed nuclear reputation. In the first-ever index of security of nuclear materials, India almost brings out the rear - just above Iran, Pakistan and North Korea.The index, compiled by a US nuclear think-tank Nuclear Threat Initiative (NTI) and Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU), \"is the first Nuclear Materials Security Index, a rating and ranking of the security framework in 32 nations that possess one kilogram or more of weapons-usable nuclear materials.\"In its summary, the study says this index \"is not a facility-by-facility review of \"guns, guards, and gates\". Instead, the authors of the study say they assessed each state on \"publicly available indicators of a state's nuclear materials security practices and conditions\".The index is an embarrassment when India is hosting the sherpas for the nuclear security summit here on Monday. India takes a leading position on nuclear security issues, and is scheduled to establish a centre of excellence for nuclear security in Haryana.While many in the Indian nuclear sector may scoff at the index, it is being used as a pressure point - the think-tank is even asking Australia to reconsider its decision to sell uranium to India because of New Delhi's score. Australia and the UK have the highest scores in the index.Countries were scored on the following indicators: quantities and sites, which included material production and transportation; security measures particularly on-site protection; accession to global norms, including taking on voluntary commitments; domestic commitments and capacity.The list may prove to be a trifle controversial because it judges countries on \"societal factors\", which include political instability and corruption.India scored well in keeping with its international commitments, on-site physical protection, response capabilities and accounting procedures. It seems to score poorly on political stability and because of the lack of domestic legislation.Professor R Rajaraman, emeritus professor of theoretical physics, JNU, acknowledged that for the researchers of EIU, \"Their judgments do come into play at this stage.In their evaluation, the main negative factors against India seem to have been the absence of an institutionally independent regulatory agency, our continued production of weapon material and overall corruption.\"The problem Indians will have with this index is the fact that there is clearly a lot of value judgment that has gone into putting a score on a country. Anil Kakodkar, former chairman of DAE, said, \"Nuclear security, by definition, is confidential. How do they expect to assess us on what they don't obviously know?\"Rajaraman was one of the four Asians in an international experts' panel, who prepared the various factors and their relative weights for the NTI index. He said, \"I believe the resulting package of indicators is objective and very transparent. Apart from \"rating\" countries, it also provides tangible criteria for any country, even if it disagrees with its own score, to constructively examine and enhance the security of its material.\"India, Pakistan and Israel are still publicly declared manufacturers of fissile material, which was a negative for the study. India scored zero on \"security of materials during transportation\" a score the Indian government is unlikely to agree with.Judging India's nuclear security by corruption will raise eyebrows as well. Though corruption in India cannot be denied, the fact that only one department is in charge is seen to be an insulating factor.Explaining the methodology, the authors of the study say, \"It is not obvious that corruption, which is typically driven by economic gain, is an indicator of the potential risk of nuclear materials theft, although past studies by the EIU and other organizations have shown a high correlation between corruption and most other societal and public policy shortcomings, including poverty and environmental degradation. For that reason, we have included corruption as an indicator.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11492793", "title": "EC sends letter to Satish Chandra Mishra", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a late Saturday night development, the Election Commission (EC) responded to the letter dispatched to it by Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) general secretary Satish Chandra Mishra . In the letter that was delivered at Mishra's home in the city, the commission, EC sources confirmed, has said it will \"consider\" revisiting its October 2011 decision to suspend or withdraw the recognition to a national party for its failure to observe the model code of conduct.\"The EC decision is in response to Mishra's flip-flop on who built the statues. In 2010, he said the statues were built by the state government and had nothing to do with the party.Last week, speaking from the party platform, however, Mishra said the EC had ordered the covering of the party's election symbol without giving the party an opportunity to present its defence,\" an EC source said. In March 2010, Mishra had written to the EC stating that \"construction of statues is action taken by the state government for implementing the decision of the State Legislature. Political party cannot be penalised for actions of the government.''Mishra had also said that earlier governments under the INC, and the coalition government of BJP and BSP, had also built statues of elephants in UP.Mishra, in his letter, had also said that the jurisdiction of the Commission to superintend, direct and control elections only becomes operative during the elections and as such, had nothing to do with the day-to-day functioning of the government in a state, during non-election period. In response to January 8 order of EC for covering the statues of Mayawati and elephants installed in dalit memorials, Mishra wrote to CEC S Y Quraishi questioning the Commission's intention to conduct free and fair elections in the state. In his letter Mishra claimed that the statutes of elephants installed in dalit memorials are not BSP's election symbol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11492715", "title": "Plea to appoint Bihari as RAU VC", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Pradesh Youth Congress president Lalan Kumar has decried the government move to appoint an \"outsider\" as the vice-chancellor of Rajendra Agricultural University-Pusa by ignoring the Bihari talents.In a statement here on Saturday, he said the government has recommended a panel of three names to the governor for the purpose. All of them are from outside Bihar. \"Nitish government swears by promoting Bihari talents, but when it comes to action, it chooses to ignore them,\" he said.Stressing that Bihar has no dearth of talents, he has demanded that the government immediately withdraw the recommended panel of names and appoint an agriculture scientist of Bihar to the post of VC of the agricultural university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "jeddah, saudi arabia", "code": "11501018", "title": "Saudi F15 collides with French Mirage during joint drill", "text": "JEDDAH, SAUDI ARABIA: A Saudi F-15 fighter aircraft crashed into a French Mirage during a joint drill in Tabuk region in the north of Saudi Arabia , a Saudi press agency reported on Sunday quoting the defense ministry. No casuality has been resported as three pilots in the two aircrafts, one Saudi and two Frenchmen parachuted safely to the ground.\"Investigations are going on and the circumstances that led to the accident are under probe,\" the state media added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "sabarimala", "code": "11492798", "title": "Flash of light creates confusion at Sabarimala", "text": "SABARIMALA: Thousands of Ayyappa devotees who had assembled at Sannidhanam on the eve of Makaravilakku festival were caught by surprise by the sudden flash of a light in the deep forest near Ponnambalamedu. The light flashed twice around 6.45pm, and the sight prompted a mass chanting of sarana mantra.However, Travancore Devaswom Board and the state government soon issued clarifications that the light which was flashed on Saturday evening was not 'makara jyothi' and that the real makara jyothi would appear on Sunday evening.\"I have asked ADGP P Chandrasekharan to inquire about the incident,'' Devaswom Minister V S Sivakumar told TOI. He said as per the reports he received, the flash light didn't appear on the spot at Ponnambalamedu where it usually appears.\"Some tribals had demanded that they should be permitted to light the Makara jyothi this time. But, we are not clear who has done it. We will try to find out,'' said Sivakumar.The Mala Araya community, which used to perform Deeparadhana at Ponnambalamedu during ancient days, wanted their right back and has announced a protest march at Sabarimala on Sunday. The police have made elaborate security arrangements in and around Ponnambalamedu in view of the protest march.The date of Makaravilakku had also created a controversy with a section of astrologers arguing that Makara Samkranthi was on Saturday, and not Sunday. Renowned astrologer Kanippayyur Narayanan Namboothirippad had told TOI that Makara Samkranthi was on Saturday. But for all rituals at Sabarimala, the word of the thanthri is final, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11492469", "title": "Seat-sharing formula throws BJP into turmoil", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai BJP is deeply racked by dissension and groupism.Senior MLA Prakash Mehta is upset with the party leadership for keeping him out of the Shiv Sena-BJP-RPI's seat-sharing talks. A former minister, Mehta is a close acolyte of Gopinath Munde.The Gopinath Munde camp in the Mumbai BJP is at loggerheads with the supporters of party's national president Nitin Gadkari, it is said. The Munde camp is upset that Vinod Tawde, leader of the Opposition in the state legislative council and party strategist, played a key role in the Sena-BJP-RPI's seat-sharing negotiations.In his letter, Mehta has expressed his ire that he was not taken into confidence while deciding the BJP's share of seats for the BMC elections, especially for seats in the eastern suburbs. This could spark trouble for the BJP in the coming civic elections, he warned.Last week, BJP activists in Chembur went on a rampage at the party's local office to express their anger against the seat-sharing formula finalized by the Sena-BJP-RPI combine.Two days later, a group of BJP workers did a similar exercise at the party's Worli office. \"It is unfortunate and shocking that BJP workers, who are steeped in party loyalty, should express their resentment in a violent manner,\" said a senior BJP functionary.To make matters worse, Gopinath Munde's elder brother is said to be on his way to join the NCP. Panditanna Munde has accused Gopinath of ignoring the family. Panditanna is the father of Dhananjay Munde, who nominated a BJP rebel in the recent elections to the chairmanship of the Parli municipal council as against the official candidate nominated by Gopinath.The RPI (Ramdas Athavale faction) is persisting with its demand for wards in Ghatkopar, Bhandup and BDD chawl in Worli.Modi to campaign in cityThe Mumbai BJP has invited Gujarat CM Narendra Modi to campaign for the party in the BMC elections. \"Modi will be our star campaigner in the Mumbai civic elections. He has been invited because of demand from Mumbai's mercantile community,\" said Mumbai BJP chief Raj Purohit on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11493807", "title": "Mystery deepens in Bartwal murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police have given a clean chit to the prime suspect in the Sarojini Bartwal murder case. Investigators have now narrowed down their search to seven persons.Sources said the prime suspect so far was a man running errands for the 81-year-old retired journalist for the last 15 days before the murder in Mayur Vihar on Monday. \"We had conducted raids across trans-Yamuna - especially in Kalyanpuri and Trilokpuri - after finding out that this person was absconding from the day of the murder and we finally arrested him from a place frequented by some petty criminals. We found that he also had some non-heinous cases but when we began interrogating him, we found little evidence to connect him with the crime,\" claimed a source.Sarojini's maid servants have also got a clean chit. \"The first maid left before our constable arrived at Sarojini's residence on Monday. Similarly, the second maid would not have visited the house yet again the next morning and herself discovered the murder if she was involved. Hence, we believe that there is no prima facie evidence against them,\" said an officer.A couple of other suspects are still absconding, claim cops. The East District police and the crime branch have also asked some relatives and acquaintances of the victim to join the investigation after discrepancies appeared in their statements.The motive behind the murder of the retired journalist is yet to be clear. The police said the fact that only a few jewellery items were stolen show the accused was in dire need of money. \"The fact that the killer was satisfied with some amount of money show the accused does not hail from a sound economic background.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11494042", "title": "UP elections 2012: Parties invade social media to woo voters", "text": "NOIDA: As the date for the Assembly elections inches closer, political parties in Gautam Budh Nagar are using social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter to galvanize their base and woo undecided voters.Be it Congress, Samajwadi Party, Bharatiya Janata Party or Lok Satta, all parties are on an overdrive to connect with voters in cyberspace. Candidates from the three GBN constituencies of Noida, Dadri and Jewar have created Facebook accounts to attract the youth. Other networking sites such as Twitter and Orkut are also gaining ground. \"Through Facebook, I have got a chance to interact with people,\" said Sunil Choudhary, Samajwadi Party candidate from the Noida Assembly seat.Everything from party ringtones, calendars, scanned versions of newspapers posted on social networking sites to YouTube posts of live speeches can be found on the internet.Several politicians are also using their personal websites and community blogs to boost their campaigns. Details of day-to-day happenings, rallies, the list of candidates and photo galleries have also been posted on websites and Facebook accounts. In short, parties are leaving no stone unturned to engage with voters in the run-up to the polls.The model code of conduct laid down by the Election Commission bars all political parties from outdoor advertisements like posters and banners, public proclamations and promises ahead of the polls.In an attempt to curtain election expenditure, politicians like Anoop Khanna, Sunil Choudhary, Mahesh Sharma, Fakir Chand Nagar and Satyaveer Singh, as well as many party volunteers have registered their names on social networking sites, blogs and chat websites. \"Since the Election Comission has put a tab on the expenditure, we have to cut down on expenses. Therefore we have switched to the internet which serves the dual purpose of saving money and connecting to thousands of people,\" said Anoop Khanna, the Lok Satta candidate from Noida.Gen-x, specially tech-savvy voters, are the main targets of the online canvassing. \"Today's youngsters are constantly on Facebook and other networking sites. If we want to convey a message instantly, we post it online,\" Choudhary said. We have also started uploading election-related videos, details of social work and photographs of candidates on YouTube,\" added Khanna.\"YouTube is also a good medium to create awareness amongst the public about the importance of casting their ballot,\" said a BJP spokesperson.Voter countAfter the revision of electoral rolls, the number of voters who will cast their ballots from Noida, Jewar and Dadri stands at 10, 39,658, an increase of 10 per cent from the previous figure of 9,23,127. In Noida alone, 4,14,198 voters with 2,39,463 males and 1,74,745 female voters, will cast their vote. \"Of these 61,000 are first time voters,\" said district magistrate Hridesh Kumar. Constituencies of Jewar and Dadri have recorded a total count of 2,85,118 and 3,40,342 voters, respectively. \"Against the new applications received, both these segments also have people who will be casting their votes for the first time. In Jewar, 26,000 new names have made it to the voters' list ,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "11492258", "title": "Man missing since \u201997 reunited with kin", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: On July 27, 2010, TOI had carried a report (Welcome to the city of dreams, where the dead have no name') with the photograph of a homeless man, Laxman.As luck would have it, Laxman did not perish anonymously on the city's streets and was rescued from Vashi. Recently, he was reunited with his family, who had long given up the search for Laxman.\"The story of Laxman is extraordinary. In 2010, we rescued Laxman and brought him to our Panvel ashram. Some time ago he managed to recall the name of his village in Ratnagiri that is how we traced his kin,\" said Pastor K M Philip, founder of Social and Evangelical Association for Love (SEAL).Pastor Philip realized that Laxman had been missing since 1997. \"It is indeed a miracle of sorts that Laxman, who suffers from dementia, survived for so long as a homeless person. He could have died of disease or open-wound injuries,\" said Pastor Philip, who has been running the Panvel shelter for the last 12 years.This is the 167th reunification at the ashram. The 55-year-old's kin say Laxman Khale hailed from Ghudage village in Dapoli taluka of Ratnagiri. \"We received a letter that SEAL sent to the village sarpanch informing us about Laxman on the day my father (Laxman's elder brother) Krishna Khale passed away. He missed Laxman dearly,\" said Jagdeesh Khale, Laxman's nephew.Fifteen years ago, Laxman used to work in a polishing unit at Grant Road. However, one day he failed to return home from work, due to his mental condition.His family searched for him, but could not trace Laxman. However, he started moving aimlessly in the city, surviving on the food offered to him by people near railway stations. \"It took Laxman a year and a half to open up to us. He slowly started divulging details like his brother's name, village,\" said Pastor Biju Samuel, who also works with SEAL.\"Apart from food, homeless persons need care and support to bounce back,\" said Pastor Philip.He also recalled another case of a 100-year-old man who was lost and brought to the Panvel shelter. \"The senior citizen could only recall that he is from 'Masala', which later turned out to be a place in Maharashtra's hinterland. We were able to reunite him with his family,\" added Pastor Philip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "11496150", "title": "Bird flu scare grips Betanoti", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Betanoti in Mayurbhanj district is in grip of a scare after preliminary reports on Saturday indicated that a poultry bird sample from the town had confirmed the presence of bird flu, official sources said.\"We are awaiting the final report. I am leaving for Mayurbhanj tomorrow,\" Benudhar Das, director of veterinary services, told TOI.The presence of the virus has already been confirmed in Keranga (Khurda district), where the government continued culling of poultry birds for the third consecutive day on Saturday. Keranga is the only area in Odisha where presence of H5N1 has been confirmed. In all, 31,175 birds have been culled and 16,551 eggs and 197 kg of poultry feed have been destroyed during the exercise, official sources said. \"We believe culling operations in Keranga will be over within a day or two,\" an officer said. Over 35,000 hens and ducks are expected to be culled in the district.Official sources said though Bhubaneswar reported the mysterious death of some crows, incidents of other such deaths from other parts of the state declined on Saturday. On Friday, 54 crow bodies were disposed, official sources said. \"We are yet to get confirmation if the crow deaths were due to bird flu, but we are taking all measures to dispose off dead birds in a hygienic manner,\" an officer said.Officials said that the administration has started focusing on clearing the litter caused during the ongoing culling operation and sanitising the 19 villages spread over a three km radius from the epicentre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "11493495", "title": "Doc's house robbed, 4.29L goods stolen", "text": "VASCO: Thieves broke into the house of a doctor from Sancoale and decamped with gold and cash worth 4,29,000 on Friday.Dr Avdhoot Kamat, of the Sancoale Panchayat dispensary, noticed something was amiss when he came home after completing his morning duties at work.On Friday morning, his wife Neelima Kamat left their home at about 7am to go to work and their children went to school at 8am.The robbery occurred between 9am and 1pm, during which nobody was home.When Dr Kamat came to home at 1pm of Friday afternoon, he saw the front door was open and the house was all messed up.He immediately informed his wife about the incident and soon reported the matter to Verna police.PSI Abhishek Gomes did the panchnama. The loss of valuables and cash was noted at approximately 4.29 lakhs.The Verna police suspect some known persons to be involved as the struck at a time nobody as home.A case of house breaking theft was registered under Section 454 and 380 of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "11497134", "title": "Jayant's jugalbandi with musical instruments", "text": "CIVIL LINES: Playing different instruments is his passion and he dreams to someday do 'juggalbandi' with master percussionist Siva Mani of A R Rahman's group.Jayant Patnaik, 22, is pursuing masters in performing arts at a private university in Punjab and has already made a mark in the musical circles of Ludhiana.\"I had a passion for music since my childhood days. When I was 9, my father bought me a mridangum, which I started to beat immediately and slowly developed a sense of rhythm. While I was studying in BVM Shaheed Udham Singh Nagar, I developed a liking for tabla, courtesy my guru Pandit Ramakaant. After completing school, I joined Bhanu DJ where I worked as percussionist at various functions and earned money,\" he said.Jayant Patnaik didn't learn this art from anyone and it was just his passion that made him take lessons from internet and observe several artists. \"Though I love to beat drums I can also play congo, darbuka and D-jambe, which are foreign instruments. Not only these, I love to play different lead instruments, including harmonica, keyboard and flute,'' he said.Jayant has performed as percussionist in youth festivals, including Khalsa Girls College, Civil Lines, Government Boys College, Civil Lines, Ramgaria College in Miller Gunj and Arya College for Boys in Civil Lines. \"I have also performed in schools like BVM Shaheed Udham Singh Nagar and recently played at the annual function of Sat Paul Mittal School, Dugri. I am glad that I got a chance to represent north zone in the national inter-university competition to be held in Nagpur this month,'' said Jayant.But he is far from satisfied. Jayant wants to become a rhythm arranger who finalizes the beats of the songs after recording. \"Percussionist Sivamani is my role model and doing juggalbandi with him and tabla maestro Ustad Zakir Hussain would be a dream come true,'' he said.Praising his son's talent, Pran Patnaik, an architect, said, \"He is excellent and will surely make it big. I am happy that his talent is getting appreciated all around. Winning the Shree Harivallabh Sangeet Samellan in December 2011, once again made me proud of my son. We all, including his mother Jyostna and elder brother Harish, pray for him.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11492843", "title": "CM pushes for Bannurmath, guv says no way", "text": "BANGALORE: The controversy over the appointment of Justice SR Bannurmath as the next Lokayukta is far from over.Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda reportedly asked governor HR Bhardwaj on Saturday to clear the proposal forwarded by the government. Gowda, who met Bhardwaj to invite him to address the joint session of the House on January 30, reportedly spoke to him about the Lokayukta appointment. The governor once again asked the CM to suggest another candidate for the post.Sources close to the CM said Bhardwaj was categorical that it would not be possible to approve Justice Bannurmath's name as the Lokayukta as the highest anti-corruption institution of the state should be headed by a person of integrity.Gowda told reporters: \"I have already written to the governor regarding the government's stand on the new Lokayukta. My letter has reached Raj Bhavan. The governor said he would go through it.\"The BJP with an eye on the next assembly elections has started to consolidate backward castes votes. In a meeting organized by BJP backward classes cell president and MP P C Mohan, state BJP president KS Eshwarappa reportedly asked OBC leaders to put forth their demands so that they could be included in the budget. \"The party will hold a rally of OBCs in Banaglore in April,\" Mohan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11494977", "title": "EC talks tough on dummy candidates", "text": "LUCKNOW: Directing the district administrations to keep a strict watch on candidates, the Election Commission on Saturday said that if any dummy candidate is found, action under section 171-H of Indian Penal Code (IPC) will be taken against him.Giving this information, chief electoral officer (CEO) Umesh Sinha said that it has come to the notice of the Election Commission that some political parties get nominations filed by dummy candidates and avail benefits of facilities given to such dummy candidates in elections like vehicles, polling agents etc and even use the vehicles of dummy candidates during campaigning.CEO said that if any candidate is found using vehicle(s) of another candidate during campaigning, the district officers would do the videography of the vehicles and after recording the statements of witnesses, issue notice to the dummy candidate.Sinha has asked all returning officers of all assembly constituencies to see that no candidate is found involved in the campaigning of other candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11498538", "title": "Open for an alliance with Imran Khan's party: Musharraf", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Pakistan President General Pervez Musharraf says that he is \"reasonably sure\" that the military would not resort to a coup in his country but would support the Army if it takes over. He also says he is open for an alliance with cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan , but will not serve under him if elected to power.\"I don't think Army intends to take over. The environment is not at all conducive for the Army to take over. I think the Army understands that,\" he told Karan Thapar on Devil's Advocate programme on CNN-IBN. Asked if he would back a coup, Musharraf said, \"I am reasonably sure that army coup will not take place but my support always remains with the Army.I've been an armyman and I can never imagine to be against the Army...I am with the Army, I will stand by the Army.\" On the possibility of an alliance with Imran Khan's party Pakistan Tehrik-i-Insaf, he said, \"If they want an alliance, certainly I would like to have an alliance. \"We have to come with a third political option because the two political options presently and in the past have been tried and failed...there is a need of coalition of forces which can bring about that third political option which can deliver to Pakistan,\" Musharraf, who intends to return to Pakistan from self-exile later this month, said. He said he was aware of people in Khan's party who keep saying that they will not get into an alliance with him.\"But they don't have a vision, they don't understand what they are talking. They go into the field and lose and then (people) choose same party then Pakistan suffers,\" he said. He vehemently rejected suggestions of serving under Khan, if the alliance came to power. \"I cannot serve under him. I can be outside...I cannot be serving under anyone,\" the former military ruler said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11492566", "title": "Coast Guard conducts rescue exercises", "text": "MUMBAI: For the first time, the Indian Coast Guard invited delegates of 10 Asian countries to attend the 5th National Maritime Search and Rescue Workshop and Exercise 2012 that was carried out approximately 15 nautical miles off the coast of Mumbai on Saturday.CG officials said that the bi-annual exercises is conducted to keep officials fit and alert to act promptly when any distress call is received on high seas. \"For the first time, the CG decided to call delegates of coast guard and defence of 10 Asian countries to attend the exercises and give their feedback ,\" said a CG official.ICGS Sankalp embarked from Tiger Gate around 9am on Saturday and carried out the exercises. The exercise simulated a sequence wherein an aircraft carrying passengers had crashed into the sea 15 nautical miles from the Mumbai shore and was making a distress call. \"The exercise showed how the techniques are used to rescue passengers and the kind of technology and methods being used in the operation,\" the officer added.\"The search and rescue exercise had helped the CG a great deal as it kept a check on the pirates. There has been a decline in the cases of pirates entering the Indian shore. Also, the exercise concentrates on how people can be saved during distress,\" inspector general VSR Murthy from Delhi told TOI.Last year, the CG received 252 distress calls and the prompt action taken saved 310 people from different kinds of situations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11493705", "title": "AIIMS leak: Trail leads to Ujjain doc", "text": "NEW Delhi: The arrest of two doctors, who appeared for the MD entrance examination on Sunday, for allegedly trying to cheat has led police to another doctor - hailing from Ujjain - who might be in touch with accused Mohit Chaudhry and Ravi.Ravi, a medical student from Palwal, is now on the run. \"The interrogation of the two has revealed that their association with this doctor was not a coincidence. There was a pattern in which the doctor chose his candidates. We have a team in Madhya Pradesh investigating their links,'' said a senior crime branch officer.However, the police expressed apprehension that a few crucial evidences may have been destroyed with both doctors claiming they have disposed of the special shirts that came fitted with the bluetooth, earphones and SIM card that was used to keep in touch with the gang.\"We know that the accused had brought the mobile phones from a Connaught Place shop. We are interrogating them and trying to find out the area where the accused had disposed of these items. Since only a couple of days have passed, we are hoping to recover the items,\" said the officer.Cops refuted claims of AIIMS authorities that they had come to the Noida exam centre to check genuineness of question papers seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11497266", "title": "Ajmal: Blast from the Past", "text": "After delivering a commendable performance in K V Anand's Ko, actor Ajmal is currently busy with Rudran's Vetriselvan.The actor recently did a photoshoot for the film, and was pleasantly surprised with the way the day turned out for him. \"I was shooting in the city for Vetriselvan two days ago. Imagine my surprise when K V Anand sir walked in and started chatting with me. He was there to check out locations for his film and decided to meet me when he heard I was shooting there. We spoke for almost 15 minutes and he left after wishing me good luck for my other films,\" says an excited Ajmal.That's not all. The actor was taken by surprise when he saw that his mentor in Kollywood was walking right into the studio! He continues, \"The same afternoon, Mysskin sir dropped in on the sets. He was shooting next door and it was kind of him to take time to meet me. We spoke a lot about our films and he was happy to hear that I've signed up a lot of projects in Kollywood.\" Ajmal adds, \"Mysskin and Anand are two of the most important people in my life. They gave me two of my biggest hits (Anjathey and Ko) and helped me make a name for myself in the industry. I will always seek their blessings in life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11492686", "title": "Kite festival spreads cheer in Ganga diara", "text": "PATNA: Hundreds of local kite enthusiasts from various walks of life had a gala time in Ganga diara on Saturday as the state tourism department organized a first-of-its-kind two-day Patna Kite Festival 2012. CM Nitish Kumar inaugurated the event by flying several decorative kites like train kite and flat kite. Not to be left behind were state tourism minister Sunil Kumar Pintu and education minister P K Shahi, who also tried their hands at it.The sun wasn't fully bright as keen kite enthusiasts were seen testing chilly gentle breeze and pulling strings to make colourful kites of various shapes, sizes and designs soar in sky throughout the day on Saturday.Over 2000 kite flyers from across the city assembled in diara to enjoy the festival. Deepak Kumar, chairman, Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC), said the festival has elicited an encouraging response. BSTDC was giving visitors kites, string and spool for free to take part in the event.\"It is for the first time that kite festival has been held here in an organized way at a short notice. From next year, we will try to make it a mega event,\" Kumar said, adding, \"Kite festival is a way to draw tourists. It has been organized in Ganga diara, which will help develop it as a tourist spot\".Patna DM Sanjay Kumar Singh and SSP Alok Kumar were among the officials who tried their hands at flying kites. Though the SSP had made his kite to ascend very high in the sky, another kite flyer cut it off.Two national-level kite flyers from Gujarat and two others from Maharashtra have been roped in by the BSTDC for the event. Mehul Pathak from Gujarat told TOI: \"It is exciting that the Bihar government has taken the initiative to organize such a colourful and vibrant festival here.\"Pathak, who has participated in several kite flying competitions in Singapore, Dubai, Malaysia and Indonesia among other places, said: \"I hope that from next year, Bihar government will organize the festival in a grand way. I shall suggest to the government to model it on the pattern of International Kite Festival in Ahmedabad.\"Nisarg Shah, a national kite flyer from Mumbai, said: \"If kite festival grows up in popularity, it will give a boost to kite-making industry as well in the state.\"The unique kite festival has come as a godsend for the city's kite enthusiasts. \"I had once been to Ahmedabad just to fly kites. Nothing could be better than doing it in hometown. My children are much excited about it,\" said Sumit Mohan, an engineer with a private firm.Meanwhile, on the occasion of Makar Sankranti, a large number of people took a holy dip in the Ganga on Saturday morning. A huge rush of people was seen at river ghats in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11492675", "title": "Countrymade and foreign liquor seized", "text": "PATNA: An excise team carried out a raid at Gaurichak locality and seized a huge quantity of countrymade liquor and foreign liquor of different brands from an unlicensed liquor shop.Excise sources said the department had received a tip-off that an unlicensed liquor shop was being run at Gaurichak. Following this, an excise team led by excise inspector, Patna Sadar, Renu raided the place and seized liquor from there. She said the team seized 37 litres of countrymade liquor and 72 litres of foreign liquor of different brands. She said earlier, a licensed shop was running there but its license had been cancelled. The team has sealed the shop and arrested Ashok Singh, who used to run the shop, she said and added that Singh was later forwarded to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11493498", "title": "Marusagar Express vestibule catches fire, no casualties reported", "text": "MARGAO: Panic gripped the passengers of the Ajmer-Ernakulam Marusagar Express Saturday afternoon after a vestibule connecting a 3AC and general coach caught fire. However, the fire was soon contained before it could spread to any of the coaches by the railway personnel on board the train. No casualties were reported.Konkan railway authorities said that the incident occurred at Panzarconni, between Margao and Balli railway stations at around 2.50pm. The train came to a halt after one of the passengers pulled the chain. \"The driver then noticed some smoke emanating from somewhere within the train and sent his assistant driver with a fire extinguisher to check the source of fire. It was found that the vestibule connecting the two coaches had caught fire,\" senior public relations manager Baban Ghatge informed STOI, adding that the railway personnel on board managed to douse the fire. Fire fighters from the fire and emergency services (F&ES;) also rushed to the site, however, by then the fire had already been put off.The train was detained at the spot for 70 minutes before being brought to Balli railway station where the engineering team of the Konkan Railway and personnel from the F&ES; carried out a thorough check of the train for nearly 50 minutes. No defects were noticed during the inspection, and the train was allowed to proceed on its onward journey.Konkan railway sources said that a short circuit could have sparked the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11493442", "title": "PhD aspirants facing shortage of guides", "text": "NAGPUR: PhD aspirants are struggling to find suitable guides. In four out of the nine faculties, there is a severe shortage of guides. And with the new set of rules in place, matters have gone from bad to worse.According to academicians, professional faculties, including engineering, law, pharmacy and even home science were not having enough guides compared to students clearing the PhD entrance test (PET).Even mass communication as a subject in the social sciences faculty is struggling to get recognized guides. Ironically, the city had no recognized guides for mass communication and the ones available hail from other universities.With the validity of the test being one year, candidates had no option but to run from pillar to post to get a suitable guide for their project.Last year, the PET was conducted twice - in July and December. In the first PET, 934 aspirants cleared the hurdle, while in the second, 2,051 emerged successful. In all, 2,985 candidates were ready to submit their synopsis under a recognized guide. But not all of them were lucky.Earlier, a guide could cater to 10 students but after the new ordinance came into force, the number has come down to 8. The reduced number has become a bane for aspirants.Commerce dean Bharat Meghe said that there was no dearth of guides in his faculty but added that the others were facing problems. \"In some cases, there is a problem because the research recognition committee (RRC) meeting could not take place for more than one and a half years. The matter would be sorted out soon,\" he assured.Controller of examination (CoE) Siddharth Kane refused to buy the argument that there was any shortage of guides. He stated that the problem cropped up as students who cleared PET were now running helter-skelter to find guides.\"NU is absolutely not responsible for providing guides to candidates. In fact, they are supposed to be ready with the topic, synopsis and name of the guide before appearing for the entrance exam. It's their sole responsibility, but they are passing the buck to Nagpur University,\" he informed.Kane clarified that NU will be accepting the synopsis of only those candidates who had fixed the guide and got clearance from concerned head from the place of research. \"The new norm of eight candidates per guide has been formulated as per the guidelines laid down by the UGC,\" the CoE stressed.NU has the dubious distinction of producing the highest number of PhDs. In the last ten years, nearly 2,000 doctoral degrees were awarded. In the recent convocation held on November 26, NU surpassed all records by bestowing as many as 574 PhDs, the highest ever in its 88-year-old history. During the 97th convocation, 218 PhDs were conferred, while in 2009, the number was 332.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "digha", "code": "11492960", "title": "CM banks on tourism to earn revenue", "text": "DIGHA: Even as chief minister Mamata Banerjee spent the third successive day visiting sea beaches in East Midnapore, speculation were rife in political circles that the CM had zeroed in on the tourism industry as the major revenue earner for the state's frayed coffers.During the inauguration of the Digha Beach Festival on Friday evening, Mamata had spoken at length over the state's tourism potential. While pressing for the upgrade of existing tourist destinations like Darjeeling, the Sunderbans and Digha, she had also stressed on the need to create new tourist destinations that could cater to both foreign and domestic tourists. However, she also admitted that the funds crunch was hindering her plans to develop and beautify the state.A senior Trinamool Congress politician acknowledged that Mamata had extended her stay in the district to gauge its tourism potential. \"She (Mamata) is usually restless and likes to move on. Given the hours she spends on the job, she winds up a district's assessment in two days. Therefore, it is very unusual to see her spend three days in East Midnapore after a day in West Midnapore. She has obviously spotted the region's tourism potential and wants to seize the opportunity,\" he said.The keenness and urgency with which the CM had taken administrative decisions on improvement of the tourism industry had stunned many, a state official said. Mamata has already sought two time-bound reports on the tourism potential of Mandarmani and Tajpur. On Saturday, she asked district magistrate Rajiv Kumar to submit within one month a report on how Tajpur can be developed into an international tourist spot without adversely affecting the environment. \"At present, Digha is very congested. Hence, there is an urgent need to develop new beaches. Bengal has a decent coastline that extends 35km from Udaipur in New Digha to Tajpur near Contai. The CM wants more spots to be developed,\" the official said.After visiting the beach resort in Mandarmani on Thursday and inaugurating the Digha Beach Festival on Friday, Mamata drove down to Tajpur on Saturday and spent a good 25 minutes on the beach. After a leisurely walk on the sands with the entourage in tow, she spoke to local hoteliers and traders and assessed the tourism potential of this relatively virgin beach located 30kms from the crowded Digha.Tajpur has only a couple of small hotels and is yet to become as popular as either Digha or Mandarmani. Even Shankarpur draws more tourists than Tajpur. Her enthusiasm has given a huge fillip to hoteliers in the belt and they firmly believe the CM will spend funds on further developing public infrastructure to facilitate more tourist inflow.\"Nearly every past chief minister has visited beaches in the district on holiday. But none have spent time evaluating the potential of earning foreign exchange and taking concrete steps to facilitate the hospitality industry. It is only a matter of time before Digha and other beaches in the belt find a place on the national and international tourism map,\" said Tajpur Seacoast Hoteliers' Welfare Association vice-president Santanu Saha.Clearly, Mamata has revenue on her mind. She is keen that the tourism sector flourishes and earns both Indian and foreign currency so that it can make a healthy contribution to the state exchequer. On the one hand, she is burdened with staggering borrowings of over Rs 2 lakh crore and is unable to get adequate financial assistance from the Centre. On the other, she is unwilling to levy taxes on citizens or raise price of power or milk to generate revenue. With the scenario bleak, she wants to take the Kerala or the Goa route to re-invent the tourism industry as a way out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11493941", "title": "Not just wine &amp; cheese", "text": "Twice a month, architect Nikhith Ashok makes it a point to finish work early and drive out to Cholamandal Artists' Village in Injambakkam, braving bumper-to-bumper traffic on East Coast Road. He rushes across town to make it to the free bi-monthly film screening on international art and artists that the village organises. \"I've been a regular for the past year-and-a-half. It's an informal and enjoyable way to learn more about art,\" says Ashok.Cholamandal's film screenings are just one of many initiatives by the city's galleries and art spaces to draw the public and raise awareness about painting and sculpture. While crowded wine and cheese evenings are still mandatory for opening night for an artist selling in lakhs, galleries are realising that the sophisticates alone are no longer a large enough market. They're now serving tea and snacks to smaller gatherings of 25 to 50 people who are genuinely interested in learning about art.\"The auction houses have created a lot of hype but the truth is that there is not enough awareness or understanding about art,\" says Meena Dadha of Prakrit Arts, who is organising a threeday event 'Paalam' at Spaces in Besant Nagar next weekend where people can walk in and meet 26 artists from remote parts of the country. \"Live demonstrations will open up people's minds. And if it's near the beach, everyone will walk in,\" she says.Bishwajit Banerjee, director of Art World, who is organising a four-day art camp next week where people can watch artists at work says that people are often intimidated by the thought of entering a gallery. \"So we need to find more relaxed ways of taking art to them. In London, you see busloads of children come to the museums and art is explained to them simply. We need to do the same so that more people understand art,\" he says. \"People say art speaks for itself. That's not true. It does require some understanding and exposure to enjoy it,\" he says.This is something Ilango's Artspace, set up in 2003 by leading painter and sculptor AV Ilango, is trying to do with its free monthly film screenings, meetthe-artist programmes and other events for adults and children, which they've been conducting for over a year. \"When the artists explain the art themselves, people understand it better and can ask questions and have debates,\" says Aishwarya Manivannan, technical director of Ilango's Artspace, who is also an artist and art educator. \"The film screenings make parents and children understand that you don't have to draw or paint to enjoy art. Just participating in the events helps hone creativity, and creativity and innovation is what makes one a leader,\" she says.Pallavi Nandagopal, one of the organisers of Cholamandal's Friday Movie Club since August 2010, says their screenings are done in an informal setting. \"We have people from diverse fields - architecture, IT, art students, practising artists, publishers, writers and event managers coming to the screenings. We introduce the visual arts film and have discussions after the screening,\" she says.The debates range from the commercialisation of art to the techniques of a particular sculptor to whether the film was shot well enough. \"Cholamandal is a chilled out place and everyone chats a lot after the events,\" says Ashok. Cholamandal also conducts a monthly meet-the-artist session where the chosen artist does a short presentation on the influences on his or her work, and then interacts with the audience.Some galleries are also organising affordable art shows. Art &amp; Soul on ECR is organising an 'Art Sandhai' next week, complete with food counters and live painting and pottery. \"It's important to meet people who are interested in art and not just buyers,\" says veteran abstract artist Achuthan Kudallur, who will be participating in Art World's camp next week. \"They are truly interested in your technique, style and inspiration and not just your price tag,\" he says. \"They are inspiring and motivating.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11493349", "title": "Snan, daan and khichdi on Sankrant", "text": "NAGPUR: If you are confused about Sankranti falling on two days, which is Saturday and Sunday this year, then be at peace. Experts say that when such an eventuality takes place, the parv kaal or the time to celebrate is with the rising sun. So though Sankranti began on Saturday this year, the right time to observe it is on Sunday.Kapil Chandrayan, a student of astrology and also an economist, says it is a happy coincidence that the festival is on a Sunday, the day of Sun god. Makar Sankranti is observed on the day when the sun moves from Dhanu Rashi to Makar Rashi. It is also called the period of Uttarayan, when the sun is ascending or moving towards the north. \"Mythologically speaking it is day time for gods who are awake now. So it is also the period when all auspicious activities begin,\" Chandrayan says.Explaining the significance of worshipping the sun on this day, Chandrayan adds, \"If you look at it practically, this is the month when it is coldest. So we worship the sun for some warmth. But ritualistically speaking, it is believed that whatever you offer to the sun during this period will be returned to you in multiples. So 'daan' becomes the underlying sentiment of Sankranti. All things which are included in the worship of sun should be donated. This includes wheat, jaggery and even gold. This is the reason why we have the haldi kumkum ceremonies from Sankranti to Rath Saptami, the biggest day for worshipping the sun. Haldi kumkum are the symbol of good fortune and saubhagya. So women offer it to others and accept it in return to increase their saubhagya,\" he added.Explaining the significance of the ritualistic bath on Sankrant, Chandrayan says, \"Bath helps the body to acclimatize to the changes happening around it. Ideally the snan or bath should be at a place of confluence of rivers. That's the reason why there is such a rush at the Ganga Sagar in West Bengal on this day.\"For Gujaratis too, Sankrant or Uttarayan is much more than just kite flying. Dipti Dawda, a lawyer, says, \"Giving a gupt daan to a priest is a must. We place small quantities of all varieties of daal, rice and wheat grains along with green peas, seeds of broad beans and til ladoos in an earthen vessel and give it to a Brahmin. A cow is also fed a mix prepared with grains and jaggery. Khichdi is cooked at home in the evening in an open vessel, and whichever way the liquid in which this dish is being cooked overflows, is considered to be the direction from which prosperity will come home.\"If it is Sankrant in the North and western parts of India, then in South, Pongal, which is celebrated from January 14 to 17, marks the new year. Sitaraman Iyer, president of the South India Association, says that this is a rural festival difficult to follow in cities. \"Pongal means the boilover of the new rice which is being cooked. This being the harvest time, all freshly harvested farm products like rice and daal are cooked along with jaggery and milk, in a vessel to which the fresh turmeric plant is tied. We all follow this practice but over the years, living in the city has made us incorporate other rituals too. We now also fly kites on this day.\"And though Sankrant or Pongal is not celebrated in Kerala, yet it is one of the most important day of worship at the Sabarimalai shrine of lord Ayyapan. Jayakrishnan P, general secretary of Keraleeya Samajam says, \"This day marks the Makara Vilakku festival, the day when the jewels of the lord are carried to the temple in a procession. The lord is adorned with these jewels and puja and aarti are performed. This is also the day of seeing the mystical sacred flame in the forest which is sighted before the aarti at the temple.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11493387", "title": "4 killed in separate accidents", "text": "GONDIA: It turned out to be a black Thursday in Gondia as four persons died while seven were injured in six separate accidents.One of the accidents took place on Ring Road when a biker dashed into some cement pipes which were blocking the road as repair work was underway near the railway crossing. While the pillion rider Mukesh Dibbe (32) fell on the pipes and died on spot, driver Shailesh Bisen (31) of Rajegaon, was admitted to the local government hospital.In another incident, Nagpur-based Pyarelal Bahe (39), in an attempt to get off a speeding Kurla-Bhubaneswar train which didn't have a halt in Gondia, came under the wheels of the same train and died on the spot.In the third incident, Kailash Mehar (36) of village Lahitola (Pandharabodi), fell from a tree and succumbed to injuries at the Care Hospital.The same day, a speeding Travera hit a parked rickshaw in front of Maheshwari plant on Gondia-Amgaon road while its driver was having lunch. Rickshaw driver Rameshwar Dhote (39) suffered multiple factures and was admitted to the local KTS Hospital. He was later shifted to another private hospital where he died. After the crash, the car toppled upside down and its driver Shekhar Dhakate (23) from Halbitola fled the spot.In another incident, a vehicle carrying a home guard of Dandegaon village was hit by a speeding matador carrying iron rods. Raman Tajne (43), his wife Lalita, son Kuldeep and daughter Sarita suffered injuries and were admitted to the hospital of Dr Raut.The last accident took place around 12am near Dhimartoli village on Gondia-Goregaon road. Here, a state bus dashed a two-wheeler, the rider Dulichand Bisen and pillion Pritamlal Katre, both from village Gosai Tola, suffered serious injuries and were admitted to KTS Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11492980", "title": "Mega block to affect train services", "text": "PUNE: The railway administration will operate a mega-block, starting from Monday for the next 10 days, on platform number six of the Pune railway station. During the block period, six local trains running between Pune-Lonavla will terminate and originate from Khadki and Shivajinagar stations. Similarly, passenger trains running up to Satara, Kolhapur, Solapur and Manmad will terminate and originate from Ghorpadi and Hadapsar stations.According to the administration, the block is being planned for apron rehabilitation work and expansion of platform number six. It will begin at 12 midnight on January 16.According to revised plan, \"The Lonavla-Pune local trains leaving from Lonavla at 2 pm and 3 pm will terminate at Khadki station, while Lonavla-Pune local leaving at 5.30 pm will terminate at Shivajinagar. These trains will not travel up to Pune station\".The Pune-Talegan local leaving Pune station at 3.40 pm and Pune-Lonavla local leaving Pune station at 4.25 pm will leave from Khadki station at 3.51 pm and 4.36 pm respectively. Both locals will remain cancelled up to Khadki. The Pune-Lonavla local leaving at 7.05 pm from Pune station will leave from Shivajinagar at 7.11 pm, as per the plan.The Kolhapur-Pune and Satara-Pune passengers will terminate at Ghorpadi station, and will not travel up to Pune station. The Manmad-Pune passenger will terminate at Hadapsar station. The Pune-Kolhapur passenger will leave from Ghorpadi at 9.24 am, while the Pune-Satara passenger will leave at 5.12 pm, instead of Pune station. The Pune-Solapur passenger will leave from Hadapsar at 8.27 am instead of Pune station, according to plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11493790", "title": "'Can prove conspiracy only by inference'", "text": "NEW Delhi: DELHI Police has said in a plea before the Supreme Court that circumstantial evidence in the Shivani Bhatnagar murder case provides enough evidence to prove the role played by the accused as \"there can hardly be any evidence of what was agreed upon by the conspirators\". The police made this plea-a copy of which is with TOI-while challenging the recent acquittal of R K Sharma and two others in the case.What was agreed upon by the accused can only be inferred, argue cops. Further, it is not necessary for all the offenders to be known to each other for the purpose of committing a murder. The cops have also argued that some conspirators may back out or join at a later stage while the plot is being hatched. In this case, police said, Pradeep Sharma, the only person convicted, had joined the other accused later.Preparing the grounds for the plea, the cops have pointed out that the court did not consider at least 18 pieces of oral and documentary evidence that were on record and established three points crucial for convicting Sharma. First, the call details of Shri Bhagwan's cellphone, which comprise the number of calls made or received by the other accused, or various phone numbers which were used by the accused or their friends and relatives. Call details of the phones used by R K Sharma corroborated those of Bhagwan's mobile. Three, this evidence also proves that the phone belonged to Shri Bhagwan.The plea states that the court was not justified in absolving the accused R K Sharma, Shri Bhagwan and Satya Prakash of the charges because the high court ought to have appreciated that \"as per Section 120A of IPC, when two or more persons agree to do, or cause to be done (a) an illegal act, or (b) an act which is not illegal by illegal means, such an agreement is designated as criminal conspiracy. It is submitted that there can hardly be evidence as what was agreed amongst the conspirators. The agreement amongst the conspirators can be inferred by necessary implications\".The crime branch plea also said HC failed to consider that the accused were involved in the conspiracy to kill Bhatnagar and there is sufficient circumstantial evidence to connect the accused with the murder of Bhatnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11500582", "title": "Fake enrolments in school detected by me: Nitish Kumar", "text": "PATNA: Refuting it to be a scam, chief minister Nitish Kumar said even if it was, it has been detected by him. He was replying to a query regarding fake enrolments in schools running into lakhs.\"All efforts will be made for course correction and the issue will be probed strictly by the education department,\" he said.\"In course of trying to improve attendance in schools during my Seva Yatra, I noticed that attendance was low in comparison to enrolments in most of the schools. I asked the education department officials to cross-check if fake enrolments have been made or children have been enrolled in more than one school,\" Nitish said on Sunday.He said headmasters would be made responsible for duplication in enrolment and also to ensure attendance of the children enrolled in their respective schools. To check duplication in admission, education department was contemplating to issue school leaving certificates, which will be numbered.The CM said various facilities had been introduced for schoolchildren and there was apprehension of their misuse. The schemes include money for uniform to all children from class I to VIII and again for girls from class IX to XII, bicycles for both boys and girls, health cards for boys up to 14 and girls up to 18 years.\"Records should be fair and there should be no misuse of schemes,\" said Nitish, who also appealed to guardians to refrain from taking unfair advantage of government facilities. He said Seva Yatra is the best medium for detection of discrepancies and improvement in the system at micro level. \"Guardians will be taken to task if their wards are found enrolled in more than one school,\" he said.Stating that the alleged fake enrolment was not a very serious matter, he added, \"From the very beginning, I have been saying that the schemes will run fairly up to 92%. Had the students been supplied bicycles instead of cash, it would have turned out to be a major scam.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11496696", "title": "Steven Spielberg's darker movies", "text": "Steven Spielberg admits his films became \"darker\" after September 11.The 'War Horse' director says he was changed by the terrorist attacks in New York and Washington in 2001 and that has come across in his work, though he admits the professional shift wasn't intentional.He said: \"9/11 changed a lot for me. It changed a lot for everybody in the world. And my films did grow darker after 9/11. 'Minority Report' was a very dark look at the future, and certainly 'War of the Worlds', which was a very direct reference to 9/11. It was a real post-9/11 story. Not intended that way, but that's the way it turned out. So I think the world has a great impact on how it colours my movies. I think that's a good sign. It just means I'm changing by being aware of what's happening.\"Steven also admitted that the sequels to some of his films have not lived up to the high standards he sets.He said: \"My sequels haven't been better than the originals. I haven't made a 'Godfather II' yet. 'Godfather II' is the creme de la creme. And I've never done that. For me. Not maybe the audience - a lot think the third 'Indiana Jones' is the best 'Indiana Jones'. But I always felt all my sequels after 'Raiders of the Lost Ark' weren't as good.\"Source: Bang Showbiz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11486444", "title": "Ranbir Kapoor\u2019s secret rendezvous!", "text": "While Ranbir Kapoor and Nargis Fakhri claim to be just good friends and nothing more, recent events reveal otherwise.A couple of weeks ago, the actor, while holidaying in London, went for a hush-hush trip to New York to not just meet but wine-and-dine his Rockstar co-star.Says a source, \"It was a sudden plan. RK was holidaying in London when he decided to go meet Nargis in New York. Nargis told him she wanted to show him \"her New York\", so Ranbir told her to pick her favourite restaurant. They met up for dinner and a few times after that. Nargis took him around the city. It was obvious that the two have kept in touch and were as warm and intimate as ever.\"The source adds that Ranbir is very fond of his Rockstar co-star and they got along very well during the shoot. They were even spotted together in Mumbai a few times and there were speculations about them being in a relationship. \"But while Ranbir has always claimed he's single, Nargis has said they are just good friends. It's apparent now that the two are more than just good friends.\"When contacted, Nargis's spokesperson says, \"Yes, she is currently in New York, but I wouldn't be able to comment beyond that as it's private.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11494987", "title": "Transfer pricing: I-T notices to 56 firms in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The international taxation wing of the Gujarat income tax department has issued notices to several multinational companies and Gujarat-based private companies over transfer pricing leading to revenue adjustments of around Rs 1,300 crore.Most of the notices have been sent to companies who route their exports through tax havens which the department suspected has been done to evade tax. The orders were issued last month for the assessment year 2008-09. Transfer pricing is about the price at which goods or services are transferred between one country and another within the same organization. Transfer pricing regulations were introduced in 2001-02 to ensure that the country doesn't lose revenue from companies that undertake cross-border transactions between related parties. Sources said that these adjustments will translate into a tax collection of Rs 400 to Rs 450 crore.\"Notices have been sent to around 56 companies, most of which are based in Ahmedabad and the industrial belt between Vadodara and Vapi. Pharma firms in the state have received most orders as there the department has found several companies exploiting the tax soaps given in Himachal Pradesh and also use of tax havens like Dubai, British Virgin Islands and Channel Islands to evade tax,\" said a senior income tax official.\"Around 650 crore of these adjustments have been done in transactions of five companies, three of which are Ahmedabad and Vadodara-based pharmaceutical companies. In one of the cases we found that the company took tax benefits in Himachal Pradesh and then exported manufactured goods to Dubai and from there to across the world. However, price at which the drug was sent to Dubai was less than half at which it was re-exported from there,\" said an I-T official.The international taxation wing has been given a target of Rs 550 crore for 2011-12. Out of which Rs 300 crore has been collected by December 31.The wing had in the last fiscal collected Rs 480 crore as taxes against the target of Rs 460 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11493271", "title": "Goodbye to eating out? Never", "text": "KOLKATA: Will the new trend of cooking delicious exotic meals at home spell doom for restaurants? Most people don't think so.Foodies in Kolkata simply want the best of both. While some may have cut down on eating out, thanks to their prowess of rustling up fancy meals at home, their number is certainly limited. A majority feel that eating out will never be passe because of the other pleasures that it involves.Most of the restaurant owners and managers in the city say that the number of eateries and takeaway joints have increased across Kolkata and even in the suburbs, and eating out is no longer just a weekend affair. \"Most of the top city restaurants are full even during midweek,\" said manager of a Park Street restaurant.According to Sanjay Khullar, the director of Amber, \"With both husband and wife working these days there is always lack of time at hand. And then, they are too tired to cook. So, eating out will always be in vogue. Sometimes people may just wish to try out something different at home, but that's never a constant thing that will make them give up restaurant food altogether. And then, there are some who may prefer to eat at home, but often end up buying meals from takeaway joints, instead of cooking them.\"Besides, many of the gourmet ingredients are expensive and using them on a regular basis cannot be feasible compared to food available at restaurants, pointed out Khullar. Some may counter that view, but the fact remains that people are not saying no to eating out.Tapas Sengupta, manager at Park Street's Marco Polo, was quick to point out that cooking at home could be a big hassle if it was to be done for several people. \"Any occasion to celebrate and people go to restaurants. That's because they can avoid the hassle. Besides, it's not just about food, but the entire experience that eating out involves. It is like an outing. So eating out will always be popular,\" Sengupta argued.Interestingly, someone like Ira Barman, who loves cooking at home, feels the same. \"I can say that the younger generation will continue to enjoy eating out no matter how the food is cooked at home. While my daughter-in-law and her friends enjoy cooking, when she and my son come down to Kolkata from Mumbai they go to restaurants to try out new things or to simply go through the experience of having a chelo kebab or prawn cocktail,\" Barman said.Mohit Kampani, chief (merchandising &amp; operations) at Spencer's, also feels that gourmet stores in the country are still not substitutes for restaurants. \"A store like Fauchon in France is still an experience that the Indian shoppers will be able to savour some more years down the line (where you can have your choicest meal and wine before actually buying them). The Indian gourmet industry will take three to five years to arrive at the right model,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11492652", "title": "Lights, camera, flash mobs", "text": "The problem with 'Kolaveri' was that everyone wanted to ask the same question in their own way. Soon after the success of Dhanush's whacky ditty, Youtube was flooded with a host of knock-offs from toddler crooners to men in shiny bandanas subjecting Mataji to a devotional version. One copy even cleverly incorporated Harvinder Singh's memorable slap on a politician's face so that it was followed by the approving lyrics, 'Rhythm correct'. However, none of the spin-offs came close to the insanity of the original.Something similar is happening with last year's much-talked-about CST flash mob. Technically, a flash mob is a group of people, who mostly do not know one another, summoned (by e-mail or text message) to a designated location at a specified time to perform an indicated action before dispersing. However, ever since the authentic flash mob that saw around 200 participants break into a jig at CST last year, Indians, for some reason, are now tempted to call almost any gathering of more than five people a 'flash mob'. A recent Youtube video even had a 'flash mob proposal' in which a group of friends performed a dance routine at a cafe, after which a youngster went down on one knee to propose to his girlfriend.\"The term flash mob is starting to be used loosely,\" agrees 23-year-old Shonan Kothari, who organized the CST flash mob by forwarding emails to 20 friends, requesting them to enlist others \"without publicizing it on social networking sites\". In the official video of this flash mob, the element of surprise-usually the ideal end result of most flash mobs-is apparent on the faces of onlookers. Predictably, Kothari is now being approached by all sorts who want her to pull off something similar for them. And while she welcomes some requests, she politely refuses offers like the one where someone suggested having a buffet after the flash mob.Though flash mobs are generally supposed to be pointless, there are a fair share backed by commercial enterprises which usually go by the name of 'smart mobs'-a genre favoured by Bollywood and corporates as an unconventional means of marketing. Indeed, many popular overseas flash mobs are sponsored such as the recent Michael Jackson Beat It Tribute in Sweden. \"It's good brand recall after all,\" says Parinaz Vakil, a lawyer who participated in the CST flash mob along with her house help. Anna Bredmeyer, vice-president, marketing, of a Parel mall which organized its first flash mob in association with Warner Bros to promote Happy Feet-2, agrees. \"The average Indian is exposed to thousands of advertising messages a day,\" she says. \"If you really want to get your point across, you absolutely have to break through in an unconventional way.\"However, an inevitable consequence of commercial flash mobs is that what would previously have been termed \"promotional dance performances in a mall\" are now being pitched as flash mobs. And funnily enough, a big part of the crowd being \"summoned by email communication\" here includes the media. Akash Chawla, marketing head of Zee TV which held a 'dance mob' in December to promote its talent show Dance India Dance, points out that any media hype should only be \"the post-effect of a flash mob\". \"A flash mob has to be spontaneous and must surprise you to the core,\" he says. Which is what he claims his promotional mob did-here, 50 to 100 people dressed as collegians, shopkeepers and coolies appeared from nowhere, shook a leg to Bollywood chartbusters in cinema halls and surprised movie-goers during interval breaks. Shonan Kothari too reiterates that flash mobs that advertised in advance go against the spirit of the genre.However, such pre-event hype was a trade-off that six students of Wilson College recently allowed in order to be able to organize a flash mob called 'Bachpan after Pachpan'. \"As part of our campaign highlighting the need for inter-generational bonding, we wanted to organize a flash mob of senior citizens. When we approached a South Bombay mall, they agreed to let us use their premises but wanted to publicize the event. We were happy to go along, as they were kind enough to give us space,\" says Shaaz Rizvi, one of the organizers. The event saw around 40 seniors from Harmony India dancing to 'Chhammak chhallo', 'Dhinka chika' and 'Chikni Chameli'. Yes, there were a fair number of flashguns at this 'flash mob', which ended with some seniors turning to the TV cameras and cheerily announcing, \"Hi, I am Chhammak chhallo\" and \"I am Chikni Chameli\". But at least it wasn't followed by a buffet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11493972", "title": "Traffic signals will be run on solar power", "text": "NOIDA: In a step towards conserving energy and minimising traffic chaos, Noida Authority is planning to convert 24 traffic signals into solar-powered signals. In the first phase, 11 signals will be run on solar energy. Defunct and power-starved traffic signals affect vehicular movement on the city's roads. \"Out of the 24 traffic signals operated by us, 11 will be run on solar power ,\" said a project engineer of Noida Authority.\"The remaining 13 will be converted later,\" added the project engineer. Given the burgeoning traffic on roads, the need to install more traffic signals at various junctions has been felt. \"The number of vehicles hitting the city roads is increasing at a rapid pace because of the increase in developmental and residential projects. This has increased the need for proper regulation of vehicular movement in order to avoid chaos,\" said the engineer.However, the work can be undertaken only after the Assembly elections are wrapped up. \"Given the model code of conduct which has come into force after the declaration of elections to the state, we will not be able to announce any new schemes or projects. The only work that is permissible now is the maintenance and upgradation of old works,\" said the engineer. \"However, work pertaining to installation of new traffic signals will be taken up on a priority basis,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11498852", "title": "Geeta Kapur opens up", "text": "Reality show judge Geeta Kapur talks her heart out about her association with Farah Khan and the success of Sheila ki Jawani.\"My association with Farah Khan has been for a long time. She is like my second mother. I feel very protected and looked after whenever I'm with her. I've never known any other Guru. Whatever I am today, its all because of her. She saw the potential in me and gave me a break. I wouldn't want to change this for anything in the world. If need be, I'll leave everything at the drop of a hat and go and assist her,\" she says.Talking on Sheila ki jawani she says, \"We did not expect it to be such a hit, but ofcourse we worked towards making it a hit! I'm very happy that all the hard work that was put into it finally paid off. In fact, the song has become a benchmark in the item songs genre. Plus it also got tagged as a 'classy' song and not a vulgar number which generally item songs are portrayed as. I think that was a big achievement.\" Here's to hoping that, we get many such numbers this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11496552", "title": "BMC gets 11 crore grant for development of city roads", "text": "BHOPAL: Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) will get a grant of Rs 11 crore for maintenance of many city roads in urgent need of repair.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan announced to provide the grant to the BMC for repair and maintenance of city roads at a function after laying the foundation stone of two flyovers at Imami Gate on Saturday. \"Many city roads were damaged due to heavy rains. They urgently need repair, particularly in the old city,\" he said, adding that the state government had accepted mayor Krishna Gaur's demand for the Rs 11-crore grant for maintenance of city roads.\"The BMC is constructing the two flyovers at Moti Masjid and GAD Square under the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS).The two-lane Moti-Masjid flyover will be around 640 m long and 10 m wide. This bridge that will extend from Peer gate to Moti Masjid is to cost around Rs 15.11 crore. The GAD flyover is a four-lane bridge with length of 560 m and width of 16 m to be constructed at an estimated cost of Rs 17.45 crore and will begin from Hamidia hospital to GAD Square.The contract has been awarded to Mumbai-based Nagarjun contractors and the work is expected to be over in two years.\"These flyovers will be a boon for commuters of the old city,\" Mayor Krishna Gaur said, addressing the gathering. \"With the CM announcing a grant of Rs 11 crore and MP Kailash Joshi granting Rs 3.80 crore from his local area development fund, we promise better roads for the city,\" she added.Urban administration and development minister Babulal Gaur , minister Jayant Malaiya, BMC council chairman Kailash Mishra, BJP chairman Alok Sharma, BMC commissioner Manish Singh and other BMC employees were present.However, local Congress MLA Arif Aqueel was conspicuous by his absence at the function in his constituency. When contacted, he quipped \"It was a BJP show. The function should have been postponed in the wake of death of 12 people in a stampede at Ratlam. The BJP government is not sensitive,\" he alleged.Cong workers protestA few Congress workers were seen protesting at the function, alleging that that the BMC did not invite union urban development minister Kamalnath nor his picture was shown in any of hoardings. As protest continued, the police detained Sudhir Singh, an elder man from Kolar. \"Despite being a central government scheme, the BMC did not even mention the name of the central UAD minister,\" Dcc president PC Sharma said.CM has announced to provide the grant to the BMC for repair and maintenance of city roads at a function after laying the foundation stone of two flyovers at Imami Gate. BMC is constructing the two flyovers at Moti Masjid and GAD Square.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11497292", "title": "Dhanapal Padmanabhan addresses a global issue", "text": "Director Dhanapal Padmanabhan, who is making his debut with Krishnaveni Panjaalai, has already planned his next.While his first film showcases the lives of cotton mill workers in the Udumalpet region, his next will address one of the global issues - terrorism. Says the director, \"My next project will deal with the sensitivities associated with terrorism. The script for the film is ready and I will get started on it soon after the release of Krishnaveni Panjaalai. I'm yet to decided on the cast and crew.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11493863", "title": "Robbery not the motive: Simran's aunt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two-and-a-half-year-old Prabnoor Kaur was probably witness to her mother's and elder sister's murder and could have also provided an eye-witness account if only she was old enough to understand what was happening.When Baldev Singh Gill, 50, barged into Gurpreet Singh's (his nephew) home to find out what was wrong with Gurpreet's wife, a tragic sight greeted him.\"Simi, Gurpreet's wife, was lying on the floor in a pool of blood, while her daughter Jasmine lay motionless on the bed. Prabnoor, the youngest child, was sitting on the bed smiling and saying dada and mama,\" said Gill.Simi aka Gurpreet Kaur (29) and Jasmine were found dead in their home in Subhash Nagar on Saturday afternoon.Jasmine, who studied at a boarding school in Himachal Pradesh, had come home for her winter vacations. Gill says that he was informed about Simi's state by his servant Sanjeev, who had been asked by Gill to fetch fennel seeds (saunf) from her.Jasbir Kaur, Simi's mother, appeared shell-shocked, as she had just spoken to her daughter at around 2pm.\"We chatted about our day and she told me she had been washing clothes,\" said Jasbir. While Jasbir and Gill insist that they suspect no one of personal enmity, Jagjit Kaur, Simi's aunt, claims the opposite.\"The police is investigating whether this was a robbery gone wrong. I don't think that was the motive as there wasn't much cash kept in the house, except for two milk jars with cash. I think this is a case of murder,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11499065", "title": "Anti-Huntsman ad exploits his adopted Asian children", "text": "The Republican Party's increasingly divisive presidential primary in New Hampshire hit a new low recently when an alleged supporter of GOP candidate Ron Paul posted an ad online showing the two adopted Asian children of Republican candidate Jon Huntsman - one child from India and one from China - to question Huntsman's patriotism.An online ad posted by \"NHLiberty4Paul\" showed video footage of Huntsman, the former ambassador to China, with China-born daughter Gracie when she was an infant.It also pictured the former Utah governor holding India-born Asha shortly after she was adopted. \"American values? Or Chinese?\" the ad asked, followed by \"Vote Ron Paul.\"Response to the ad was swift.Huntsman, who often speaks with emotion about his adopted daughters on the campaign trail, said on January 6 that Paul's supporters were out of line using his adopted children to argue that he is un-American.He added that it was \"stupid\" to allege that he has Chinese values because he lived overseas and speaks Chinese. \"If someone wants to poke fun at me, that's OK,\" Huntsman said. \"What I object to is bringing forward pictures and videos of my adopted daughters and suggesting there's something sinister there.\"Huntsman and his wife have seven children, including Asha, 6, who was left on a roadside in India the day she was born, and Gracie, 12, who was abandoned at a Chinese vegetable market at two months of age.Paul's New Hampshire spokeswoman, Kate Schackai, told on AP that she didn't know who created the ad, but it wasn't anyone affiliated with the Texas congressman's campaign.\"The video was utterly distasteful and no one who actually supports Dr Paul's principles would have made it,\" she said.The Washington, DC-based Hindu American Foundation strongly condemned the ad, which makes frequent references to the fact that Huntsman speaks Mandarin and described him as \"China Jon\" and the \"Manchurian Candidate.\"The foundation said it was \"especially appalled\" by the ad's reference to Asha Bharati, \"who is being raised in her native Hindu faith, insinuating that he [Huntsman] does not share American values and is not a 'man of faith.'\"\"Governor Huntsman, who is a practicing Mormon, is seen in the ad with his daughter wearing a tika, or sacred mark associated with the divine and commonly worn during Hindu ceremonies,\" HAF said.\"This deplorable ad is blatantly racist and religiously intolerant, and crosses all lines of acceptable political discourse,\" said HAF managing director and legal counsel Suhag Shukla. \"Instead of vilifying Governor Huntsman, he should be applauded for being open minded enough to raise his adopted daughter as a Hindu.\"A message sent to the ad's creator was not returned, the news agency said. The news media has not been able to trace the source or sources of the ad.Political experts believe that Huntsman, who skipped the recent Iowa caucuses, needs a strong finish in the New Hampshire primary to continue his campaign.Courtesy: Richard Springer, India-West Staff Reporter", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11497907", "title": "Anna Kendrick bemoans outfit fascination", "text": "Anna Kendrick is asked more questions about her \"lipstick\" than her career.The 'Twilight Saga' beauty believes being a woman in Hollywood can be tough as when she is asked to speak to the press they are often more interested about her fashion choices.She said: \"People seem to be more interested in my handbag or my clothes than what I actually do. The boys get asked questions about their work and I get asked what colour lipstick I am wearing.\"However the 26-year-old actress does not have a particular career plan and simply likes to think about the kind of jobs she would get up early in the morning for.She said: \"I'm really bad at trying to figure out the next chess move for my career.\"I take it on a case-by-case basis. I have started going through scripts and thinking, 'Would I wake up at 4am knowing it's going to be a 12-hour day and be excited to go into work for this?' I don't think about the 10-year plan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "11496022", "title": "Rajgangpur rape accused arrested", "text": "ROURKELA: The accused in the Rajgangpur gangrape incident were arrested from Ranchi by Sundargarh police on Saturday.Rourkela SP Himansu Lal, who is also in-charge of Sundargarh police district, since Sundargarh SP Sanjib Arrora is on leave, told the media that police had set up a special team to nab the culprits.\"After we came to know that both the accused have escaped from the district and hiding somewhere in Ranchi, our special team raided that place,\" he said. \"Both were nabbed and brought here,\" he added. The accused are Md. Shivani and Md. Imran. Lal said delay in filing of the FIR by the victim's family provided time to the accused to move out of the district.On Monday evening, the girl of Kukudamunda village had come to Rajgangpur to go round the fair on the occasion of Urs festival. But she was kidnapped by the accused and raped repeatedly before being dropped off near her village around midnight.The arrest has brought respite to the police because many woman organizations staged demonstrations and demanded immediate arrest of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11493911", "title": "RSS staged attack: Cong", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress dubbed the ink attack on Baba Ramdev as stage-managed by RSS to revive the \"exposed\" yoga guru ahead of UP and Uttarakhand polls.Congress leader Digvijay Singh demanded a probe on the funds that accused Kamran Siddiqui had received during the NDA regime. The dubbing of Ramdev attack as fake contrasted with the all-round condemnation of the incident, highlighting the continuing bitterness between Ramdev and the Congress.Congress has maintained, since midnight crackdown, that Ramdev and Anna were part of RSS plan against UPA, treating their anti-graft protests as a challenge to the Centre. Ramdev's sudden return to centrestage with the Saturday ink-attack raised concerns in Congress that it could be the rival's attempt to resurrect him ahead of polls in Uttarakhand and UP.The manner in which BJP took up his cause amid intense media coverage only deepened the suspicion in AICC, with Singh claiming that Ramdev was an RSS prop like Anna Hazare . \"It is an attempt to revive Ramdev to create a Hindu-Muslim divide,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11492303", "title": "Patients suffer as junior doctors begin strike", "text": "HYDERABAD: Patient care was affected at the state-run hospitals as junior doctors in the city joined their striking colleagues to boycott services on Saturday. The doctors boycotted ward duties, out-patient services as well as elective surgeries and held dharnas in the hospitals.Consequently, just 50% of elective surgeries slated for Saturday could be performed in the wake of the stir.While the number of patients at the hospitals was fewer owing to Sankranti, the in-patients at Osmania General Hospital (OGH) and Gandhi Hospital complained that they were left to fend for themselves in the wards. The impact was, however, minimal since the patient load was thin due to the festival. But doctors said that if the strike continues on Monday, when the patient load is usually the highest, patients would be badly hit.The strike first started in Andhra, Guntur and Rangaraya Medical Colleges 18 days ago and has subsequently spread to all the medical colleges in the state. The medicos at Gandhi and Osmania General Hospital joined the strike on Saturday. They have been demanding a 40% hike in the stipend, regularization of stipend, health insurance, deployment of special protection force at the hospitals and reduction in the rural service to one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11494512", "title": "Bikers for warriors", "text": "To Panipat - that was the route to begin with. So, on January 3, a group of youngsters left Pune on a historical journey. Their destination was the famous battlefield of Haryana. Saddled on motorcycles, these 550 individuals, 34 of them women, roared past the Western Ghats, the Narmada, and the Chambal ravines on their way to Panipat. To call it an adventure trip would have been a travesty of the emotion they were trying to articulate -it was their bid to relive the journey undertaken by their ancestors 252 years ago. It was also an attempt to put the record straight about the Third Battle of Panipat in which forces of the Maratha confederacy had taken on Ahmed Shah Abdali.Before the battle, the Marathas had begun a 10-month long campaign under the command of Sadashiv Rao Bhau to reach Panipat and take on Abdali's forces. Now, their descendants want the country to hear the story which \"hasn't been told properly.\" \"We have participants from Andhra Pradesh, Goa, Karnataka, Maharashtra and Gujarat. We all wanted to have first-hand experience of what the Marathas under Sadashiv Rao Bhau had experienced two-and-ahalf centuries ago. The story of Panipat needs to be told to our countrymen,\" says Pandurang Balkawade, a historian who is one of the driving forces behind the Panipat Ranasangram Smruti Samiti that organised the rally which ended in a function attended by President Pratibha Patil and Punjab governor Shivraj Patil at Panipat on January 14.But retracing the path of the Maratha warriors was not easy. The bikers faced the same problems their ancestors might have in the 18th century. As they entered the Gangetic plains in January, the winter chill froze their bones. \"At Agra, about 250 people had to turn back because of the cold,\" says Dr Sandeep Mahind, who took care of the logistics through the 5,400-km long journey.The rally entered Delhi on the 10th day of their journey. Back in 1760, it took the Marathas 120 days to reach Delhi from Sindkhed in the Deccan. The Maratha retinue exceeded the number of combatants. Also, the Marathas then were no longer a highly mobile cavalry army that believed in the shoot-andscoot doctrine. They had heavy artillery that slowed down their march.\"The cold definitely played a part in the Maratha debacle at Panipat. The army wasn't sufficiently provisioned to beat the chill. In comparison, the Afghans came from a cooler climate and could easily fight here. But it was the dwindling supplies that seriously impaired the Marathas. The Maratha command structure was faulty, too. While generals like Scindia and Holkar preferred the traditional mode of guerrilla warfare, Bhau himself and Ibrahim Khan Gardi believed in European style combat with effective use of artillery and musketry,\" says Dr Uday S Kulkarni, the critically acclaimed author of Solstice At Panipat: 14 January 1761.On October 25, 1760, Abdali crossed the Yamuna at Baghpat, surprising the Marathas. Their route to Delhi blocked, the Marathas dug in at Panipat for two months. \"Both sides played a waiting game and decided to starve each other down. On the diplomacy front, too, they failed. After that, it became difficult for the Marathas to sustain. They had to fight,\" Kulkarni says.On January 14, 1761, the Marathas came out of their defences and began the attack at 9am; by 3pm, it was all over. Most of the top commanders, including Peshwa's son, Vishwas Rao, and Bhau himself, lay dead.Considering the importance of this battle in Indian history, very little has been done to preserve its legacy. \"It was impossible for us to do anything. Our family was banished to Bithoor after the Third Anglo-Maratha War of 1817-18. Until the 1930s, we were required to obtain permission of the district collectors of Bareilly and Poona before leaving Bithoor and going south. But the other sardars, the so-called rajas (Holkar, Scindia, Gaekwad and Bhonsle), were better off. Nobody, not even the government of India after Independence, did anything to preserve the legacy,\" rues Uday Sinh Peshwa, a scion of the Peshwa family.But others realised the importance of this battle. The British studied it keenly and though they understood they could beat the Indian forces, they retained their admiration for the great Maratha generals, including Ibrahim Khan Gardi. \"The governor of Bombay would visit my family every year to pay respects to my great ancestor. The practice continued until Independence,\" says Rehan Abbas Ali Sardar, a direct descendant of Ibrahim Gardi. \"My great grandmother had willed it that none of us should ever go to Panipat. She feared some evil might befall us, the way it did on Ibrahim Khan, who was captured by the Afghans and tortured to death. There should be some memorial of all those who perished at Panipat.\"How much of the battle do our own universities remember? \"As a faculty of defence studies in a couple of civilian institutions, I observed that the element of military history was missing,\" says Maj Gen (retd) Shashikant Pitre. In most universities in the West, where military history is a separate branch of study, they talk about even lesser known Indian battles. The same is, however, not true of our universities. The general also hoped the government would do something to preserve the legacy. \"The memory of Panipat still affects people in Maharashtra. The name itself has become a byword for disaster or great loss,\" Pitre says.The bikers from Pune may just have rekindled an interest in the legacy of their great ancestors, revisiting an episode that changed the history of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "11493104", "title": "Seven held for luring youths with fake job promises", "text": "HOWRAH: District police on Saturday busted an inter-state gang involved in luring unemployed youths with jobs, then confine them and extort money. Four of the victims were rescued and seven persons were arrested.A joint team comprising Kolkata Police, STF and Howrah Police raided Burdwan's Pemra area in the wee hours of Saturday and arrested the culprits - Kameswar Singh, Pradip Shaw, Satya Prakash, Krishna Yadav, Ramesh Thapar, Vikash Kumar and Pradyut Bagdi. The four rescued -Gurmesh Singh, Hans Raj, Mubin Khan and Ranveer Singh - are aged between 20 and 30 years and are residents of Alwar, Rajasthan.Police have seized several fake appointment letters of various public sector undertakings and government organizations along with fake rubber stamps. Motorbikes, gold ornaments and Rs 15,000 in cash were also seized. Howrah Police had traced the mobile phone calls of the arrested to learn about their whereabouts.Police have learned that the victims first fell into the gang's trap about one and half years ago. One of the victims got in touch with Hem Karan of the gang. Karan assured them that they would arrange government jobs for them. Accordingly, a certain Sadhu Yadav came to Patna to first meet the victims. The youths were then sent to Kolkata at the end of December and told they would have to appear for interviews there. The four were taken to a lodge at Rafi Ahmed Kidwai road.Thereafter, they were sent to Durgapur and lodged in an under-construction house. The gang then made a ransom demand of Rs 10 lakh from them, saying that they would be released only if they paid up.Hans Raj, one of those rescued, had a bank ATM card with him and Rs 1.25 lakh was withdrawn from his bank.However, Mobin Khan, another of the rescued youth, somehow managed to inform the entire matter to one of his relatives at Howrah's Golabari. Howrah police commissioner was then told of the matter.Police took immediate action and informed Kolkata STF as there was a Kolkata connection to the case. Howrah DC DD Akhilesh Chaturvedi said an inquiry was on in the case. Police will further interrogate the arrested and is conducting raids to trace the prime accused and kingpin of the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11492813", "title": "Parents get answers to all their queries at the expo", "text": "BANGALORE: Does your school have horse riding? Do you offer International Baccalaureate (IB)? What about sports? These were questions parents were heard asking schools at Education Times Expo 2012, held at The Lalit Ashok on January 14.The event took off with actor Priyanka Upendra lighting the lamp. A mother of two and much interested in their education, Priyanka visited all the stalls at the expo. Parents, too, looked at what the schools had on offer. Said businessman Farooq Ahmed, there with wife Uzra Fatima, \"I want a school with an international curriculum which has classes with a small teacher-student ratio. There should be no homework or exams. Schooling should not take away one's childhood.'' Sumit, a much-travelled professional, was keen on a school with IB at the primary school: \"Schools must have a global outlook. Everything around us is changing, why not education?\" Aninda Chatterjee, who lives in Nigeria, was at the expo with wife Moushumi and son Arkesh. Said Aninda, \"We want a school with Indian ethics and education.\" Sandhya, Gauri and Kala Sreeram, from Lavelle Road, picked up many brochures to look at once home and make a choice.Showcasing 20 international and residential schools, the event attracted over 2,000 on Day 1.It is open on Sunday also from 10.30am to 6.30pm. Entry is free.Participant schools: Jain Heritage School, Green Grove International School, Christ PU Residential, East West International School, Gitanjali International School, The Brigade School, Euro School, Oakridge International School, Canadian International School, Sri Chaitanya Techno School, Heritage Academy, Greenwood High (An International School), Vibgyor High, Jnanasarovara International/ Residential School Mysore, Education First, Swaminarayan International School, India International School, Presidency School Bangalore (North), Ebenezer International School and Karumbiah's Academy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-01-15"}
