{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14307145", "title": "'Clear stand on abattoirs'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has asked the state government to clarify its stand on illegal slaughter houses in Mumbai. A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar also asked the state about providing police protection to BMC squads which take action against such illegal abattoirs. It also asked the MPCB to file a report on pollution around the Deonar abattoir. tnn at Deonar.The court was hearing a PIl about the mushrooming illegal slaughter houses in the city. The BMC informed the court that despite informing the police, no protection is provided to the staff which is assigned the task of taking action against such illegal units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14307291", "title": "'Army men were paraded to give ex-CMs wrong impression'", "text": "MUMBAI: Army officers were paraded before former chief ministers Vilasrao Deshmukh and Sushil Kumar Shinde by Adarsh society's promoters to given an impression that it was meant for defence personnel, a senior army officer told the judicial commission on Wednesday.The revelation by Commodore John Mathew, at present commanding officer of the National Cadet Corps, gives grist to allegations that the emotional issue of housing for defence officers was used to avail of various benefits.\"Persons like me in uniform were paraded before Shinde and Deshmukh by Kanhaiyalal Gidwani, Brigadier M Wanchoo and R C Thakur, and an impression was created that the society was formed for the welfare of defence personnel,\" Mathew told the panel.Mathew was initially promised a 3-BHK flat in Adarsh but was allotted a 2-BHK apartment. To a question by advocate Bharat Zhaveri, counsel for the commission, Mathew admitted that he was unhappy with the allotment and had written to the society secretary, Commodore Rajeev Pilo, in 2006 that denying him a bigger flat \"would send wrong signals that there is a systematic effort to sideline and oust bonafide defence members on whose name and sacrifice the project was cleared by the government of Maharashtra\".Mathew told the commission that he had also objected to an agreement between Gidwani, Thakur and Wanchoo regarding proportion of civilian members and defence service members in the society.Mathew's statement before the commission follows statements by witnesses on how the defence forces were used to seek benefits from the government for Adarsh. Whistle-bower Saurav Ray had told the commission that he had called the society \"dubious\" as Adarsh had \"used the name and facade of the welfare of ex-servicemen and Kargil martyrs, while many members were civilians who had no connection with the army or Kargil operations. They were misusing the sentiments of Kargil martyrs to their own benefit.\"Adarsh had written three letters between 1999 and 2000 to then chief ministers, seeking land in Colaba for the \"welfare of retired and serving defence personnel\". Post-2000, however, there is no mention that the society was exclusively for defence staff.Former chief secretary S Sankaran had also told the commission that following a meeting with former CM and then revenue minister Ashok Chavan on June 6, 2000, the society agreed to accommodate civilians. In the FIR filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation, Chavan has been named for suggesting the inclusion of civilians in Adarsh, which benefited his mother-in-law, Bhagwati Sharma, and sister-in-law, Seema Sharma. Chavan, in his affidavit, denied that he had suggested that civilians be included.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14312141", "title": "NIA founder RV Raju passes away", "text": "KOCHI: Radha Vinod Raju, the founding director general of the National Investigation Agency (NIA), died at a private hospital in the city on Thursday morning after being critically ill for the last couple of days. He was admitted to the hospital on Monday with serious lung infection. His situation got worse after he developed complicated lung infection and multiple organ failure. He breathed his last around 3.30 am, hospital authorities said.He is survived by his wife Achamma and two daughters Renu and Sindhu. While Renu is settled in Pune, Sindhu is settled in London.The 62-year-old decorated IPS officer of Jammu and Kashmir cadre had held various key postings.Raju was born in Kochi on July 27 1949. Before becoming an IPS officer in 1975, he worked as an officer in Bank of India. He was a science graduate and was fluent in Konkani, English, Hindu, Urdu, Tamil and Malayalam.He rose to limelight after becoming a member of the Special Investigation Team (SIT) that probed the assassination of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi. He was known for his ability to handle complex crime and law and order cases mainly handling the anti-national activities of terrorists in Jammu and Kashmir. He was appointed as the first NIA chief in 2009 when government decided to form a national agency to probe terror-related cases after Mumbai 26/11.He had served both the Jammu and Kashmir police and the Central Bureau of Investigation in various capacities. He had worked in CBI in 1983 and in 2002. In 1998, he was posted as inspector general of crime in Jammu and Kashmir. He became the vigilance commissioner of Jammu and Kashmir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14309003", "title": "Government ignorance robs physically challenged boy of a CET seat", "text": "BANGALORE: Physically challenged athlete Shishir K Deep was in for a shock on Wednesday when the CET Cell informed him he isn't eligible for a seat under the sports quota.Shishir, 18, who hoped to fulfill his dream during the verification of documents, was distraught when an official of the department of youth services and sports (DYSS) informed him he wouldn't figure under the sports quota because the Paralympics Committee of India is not among the 60 national sports federations recognized by the Union sports ministry.Shishir, a badminton player, has a congenitally deformed foot. His preferences include engineering and ayurveda, his mother Geeta Lingaraju says.He was shown the CET manual, which has the list of recognized sports and games, and told that his certificates were of no value.The problem, apparently, lies elsewhere. All along, sources say, the DYSS was in the wrong as the list in the manual did not contain recent updates.A student of Vijaya Vitthala Composite PU College, Mysore, Shishir, was told that the paralympics body had been derecognized by the government and hence was not on the list. But the truth is, the sources say, that while the Paralympics Committee had been derecognized in March 2011 for alleged irregularities and poor management of the sport, it had returned to the mainstream in November.Shishir, who plays in the STU-5 category, was a multiple medal winner \u2014 gold in doubles and silver in singles \u2014 in the International Wheelchair and Amputee Sports (IWAS) World Games held in Bangalore in 2009.The CET Cell washed its hands of the issue saying the list of federations had been provided by the DYSS director. Only he or his nominee is the final authority to decide on the candidate's eligibility under the sports quota.\"The list is updated by the DYSS, and CET Cell carries the list given by the department. Every year, we ask for comments and an updated list is given by them. If the child in the controversy is really differently abled, he/she should have appeared before the panel that verified the disability for all candidates two days ago. The 3% quota is reserved for the differently abled, said PU commissioner Rashmi V Mahesh.Every year, these seats remain vacant and are given to general-quota students. The DYSS should be asked these questions. They will be in better position to reply,\" said PU commissioner Rashmi V Mahesh.His mother Geeta Lingaraju said: \"Is it our mistake that the government has not updated its list? I was told that the sport had been derecognized by the central government and that we try our luck next year. Why should my son lose a year only because of somebody's error?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mandur", "code": "14307337", "title": "Azossim-Mandur health centre may be reconstructed", "text": "MANDUR: The health department will carry out a structural assessment of the dilapidated 20-bed rural health centre, residential block and doctors' hostel in Azossim-Mandur village to consider the reconstruction of the entire facility.The building had been constructed in 1972. After the rural health centre was set up, its maintenance was not regular and portions of concrete are falling from the roof.Health minister Laxmikant Parsekar and local MLA Vishnu S Wagh inspected the hospital on Tuesday. Sources said a proposal to carry out a technical assessment of the three buildings was mooted.Wagh suggested that the building be reconstructed as its condition raises a question mark over the safety aspect. \"Hardly any repairs have been carried out since its construction 44 years back,\" he said.At one stage, the rural health centre was buzzing with activity and maternity cases and surgical operations were handled here. \"The activities have almost come to a standstill,\" Wagh said. Now, only out patients department and routine domiciliary line of treatment is administered on day-to-day basis. No consultant doctor from Goa Medical College, Bambolim, visits the centre which is set up under the department of preventive and social medicine.Wagh has suggested that the facility be upgraded to an 80-bed hospital, including 20 each for gynaecology, orthopaedics, cardiac care and general medicine.The centre catered to villagers from Old Goa to Pilar, Agasaim and Batim. If it is upgraded and the Mandur-Marcaim bridge is built, villagers from other outlying areas can also avail the services, sources said.Azossim-Mandur sarpanch Shaila Gaunekar and deputy sarpanch Sameer Naik were present during the inspection and discussion about the future plans for the health centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14309777", "title": "Murder on flyover: Police zero in on victim's partners", "text": "LUCKNOW: Ghazipur police claims to have moved a few steps forward in the probe into the murder of mobile eatery van owner Hemendra Pratap Singh even as the family members have decided to name his two recent partners for the crime. However, both of them are absconding, the police confirmed.Thirty-seven-year-old Hemendra was shot on GTI flyover in Ghazipur police station area on Tuesday evening when he was going home on his two-wheeler after closing his shop in front of Ram Manohar Lohiya Hospital. His business partner was his friend Shobhit Awasthi.The police had picked up Shobhit on Tuesday and had interrogated him at Ghazipur police station. But he was later allowed to go.On Wednesday, during the course of investigation, the police came to know that Hemendra had a dispute with one Sanjay Singh, who happened to be his partner in mobile network work and with one Dharmendra Singh alias Chhutkan Singh, who was his cable network partner.With Sanjay Singh, the police said, Hemendra Singh had dispute since 2006. Sanjay had lodged a case of attempt to murder against Hemendra for allegedly attacking him and his wife. It was only recently that Sanjay had deposed in the case.The police said that following this, Hemendra and Sanjay were both again at loggerheads. Interestingly, Sanjay's location was also found near Polytechnic Crossing when the incident took place.Similarly, Hemendra had a dispute with his cable network partner Dharmendra Singh alias Chhutkan Singh after Hemendra allegedly sold his 50% share to one Rajendra Handa. Chhutkan was allegedly annoyed with Hemendra for doing so without taking him into confidence.The share was sold by Hemendra in Rs 6 lakh, the police said. Interestingly, Chhutkan had got Rs 3 lakh through cheque from the deal. However, Hemendra has not been able to encash the same following some discrepancies in his name on the cheque.The police confirmed that Chhutkan's location was also found somewhere near Polytechnic Crossing at the time of the incident. However, both were absconding now, district police chief IG Ashutosh Pandey confirmed and added whether they were involved in the crime or not was still not known.The police also confirmed that both had patronage of a mafia-turned politician from eastern UP.On the other hand in Mahanagar, the police have failed to make much headway in the double murder that rocked the state capital on Monday. The police have not been able to trace the lone accused Kripashanker, the guard at Instrumentation Limited office.On Monday morning, two employees of the office were found murdered when the office was opened for the day's work. They were identified as technician Dev Nath Singh, a technician posted in Obra and on an official visit to the Lucknow office and Bansraj Yadav, a peon/guard at the instrumentation office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "14311447", "title": "Egypt presidential poll results postponed till next week", "text": "CAIRO: The political scene in Egypt continues to bubble as the announcement of the results of the presidential elections were postponed till early next week, with the authorities saying they needed more time to examine the complaints after both candidates declared victory.The Supreme Presidential Elections Commission (SPEC) said it needs \"more time\" to examine appeals filed by presidential contenders- Muhammad Mursi and the former Prime Minister Ahmad Shafiq.\"Egypt's presidential election commission, headed by Judge Farouq Sultan... has decided to delay the announcement of the presidential election runoff,\" the official MENA news agency said.The results was orginally scheduled to be announced tomorrow, but will now be deferred with the election commission saying it had roughly 400 appeals filed by both presidential campaigns before it.The election commission said it had also heard the lawyers of both the candidates -- Muslim Brotherhood's Mohamed Mursi and last Mubarak-era PM Ahmed Shafiq.The delay adds to the already prevailing confusion and political uncertainty in the country, with growing apprehensions about the military's expanding role and control over governance.Meanwhile, fearing the results might not be in their favour, the Muslim Brotherhood supported by the revolutionaries took to Tahrir square for the second night in a row.The outfit voiced their demands, staged sit-ins and said they intend to remain there till their demands of rejecting the supplemental constituent declaration and stripping the military and intelligence police of their right to arrest were fufilled.Meanwhile, an official television station said that former ousted president Mubarak was back in a coma after having been conscious for a little while and that his condition was \"very critical\".The station also added it had no access to doctors to cover his condition and that a statement from doctors or the military council is expected.The 84-year-old former president, who is serving a life sentence, was transferred to Maadi Hospital on Tuesday night after he suffered a brain stroke, state-run new agency MENA reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14307299", "title": "Evacuated Khareband residents return home", "text": "MARGAO: Due to heavy rains in parts of Salcete, South Goa district collectorate officials shifted 38 families from Khareband to Fatorda stadium late Tuesday night. They returned home on Wednesday morning after the rains subsided.The heavy rainfall on Tuesday caused water to accumulate near Khareband bridge in the low-lying areas where these families reside. However, owing to a blocked nullah to river Sal, the water continued to fill up until a flood-like situation was created submerging the entrance to these houses.After receiving information from locals, the BJP Margao mandal president Chandan Naik along with Sharmad Raiturkar and Navin Raikar rushed to the site, who called on South Goa collector N D Agarwal late Tuesday night. Agarwal along with his disaster management team inspected the site, and fearing the situation might worsen, immediately mobilised his team and instructed them to evacuate the area. The people along with their personal belongings were shifted to Fatorda stadium.Agarwal further inspected the area near Karle Estate where the Khareband nullah is connected to the river Sal and after noting the blockage he ordered a team from the water resources department to clear it.\"Besides these families, two families from Raia and three from Cana-Benaulim were also shifted due to similar reasons. Food, water and other necessities were provided to the families who, the next morning, insisted on returning to their homes,\" said Ashutosh Apte, deputy collector revenue and disaster management while speaking to TOI on Wednesday.\"The flooding is not solely because of the rain but due to blockage or clogging of the nullah which connects the river Sal and the unwanted filling of fields including a pond where normally rain water gets accumulated,\" said Chandan Naik", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14307472", "title": "CPM leaders issue threats: Police complains to HC", "text": "KOCHI: Police are unable to conduct an independent probe into the murder of Muslim League activist Abdul Shukkoor due to threat from CPM leaders, investigating officer in the case complained to Kerala high court on Wednesday.Police have also submitted to the court that CPM's dominance at Taliparamba in Kannur - where the murder took place - is preventing victims from giving evidence.The murder, termed as 'party killing' by media, took place on February 20th at Keezhara-Ariyil near Taliparamba. According to prosecution, Shukkoor and his four friends were kidnapped by a mob of 50, allegedly CPM workers, and assaulted with weapons at a nearby field. Shukkoor died in the incident. In an affidavit filed by additional director general of prosecution (DGP) K I Abdul Rasheed in response to bail plea of MP Dineshan alias Mina Dineshan, the 12th accused, investigating officer has submitted that senior cops probing the crime are facing threat from CPM leaders. Also, officers probing the case are finding it difficult to continue the investigation in an independent and peaceful atmosphere. Police also submitted that the place of occurrence of the crime is a CPM-dominated area and because of intimidation and threat from Dineshan and his sympathizers, the victims are not coming forward to give statements.The affidavit filed by the additional DGP also states CPM district secretary P Jayarajan had openly threatened DySP Sukumaran, CI U Preman and other officers investigating the case with dire consequences at a press conference on June 5.'Those accused in the case had contended in their bail applications that clashes had occurred between Muslim League and CPM workers in the third week of February and the attack on Shukkoor was an incident consequent to the disputes.Kochi: Police is unable to conduct an independent probe into murder of Muslim League activists Abdul Shukkoor due to threat from CPM leaders, investigating officer in the case complained to Kerala High Court on Wednesday.Police has also submitted to the court that CPM's dominance at Taliparamba in Kannur, where the murder took place, is preventing victims of the party's acts from giving evidence.The murder, termed as 'party killing' by media, took place on February 20th at Keezhara-Ariyil near Taliparamba. According to prosecution, Shukkoor and his four friends were kidnapped by a mob of around 50 persons, allegedly CPM workers, and assaulted with weapons after bringing them to a nearby field, which led to the death of Shukkoor.In an affidavit filed by additional director general of prosecution (DGP) KI Abdul Rasheed in response to bail plea of MP Dineshan alias Mina Dineshan, the 12th accused in the murder, investigating officer has submitted that senior police officers probing the crime are facing threat from CPM leaders and that those probing the case are finding it very hard to continue investigation in an independent and peaceful atmosphere.Police has also submitted that the place of occurrence of the crime is CPM-dominated area and because of intimidation and threat from Dineshan and his sympathizers, the victims are not coming forward to give statements.The affidavit filed by the additional DGP also states CPM district secretary P Jayarajan had openly threatened DySP Sukumaran, circle inspector U Preman, and other officers investigating the case with dire consequences at a press conference on June 5th in order to prevent them from conducting probe.Those accused in the case had contended in their bail applications that clashes had occurred between Muslim League and CPM workers in the third week of February and the attack on Shukkoor was an incident consequent to the disputes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14308865", "title": "Water crisis lurks with monsoon delay", "text": "INDORE: Further delay in monsoon is going to adversely impact water supply to a population of about 2 lakh Indoreans in the western parts of the city. Yeshwant Sagar, which supplies about 30 MLD water to the city, has dried up and the present water level can meet only a day's demand.Ramchandra Nagar, Kalani Nagar, Anjani Nagar, Vainkatesh Nagar, Ambikapuri, BSF Camp, Malharganj, Kadabean, Palhar Nagar and near by areas, Aerodrum Road area and Sangam Nagar of the city are the areas that may face acute water crisis if the rainfall is delayed further.Yeshwant Sagar reservoir had dried up on June 1, and since then the civic body has been supplying water to the city from a channel constructed at the reservoir. Now, the channel has water only for a day. Briefing about the channel, the civic officials said that the IMC had constructed half a kilometre long and 6-foot deep channel at the pumping station. The water channel is filled with water from the pipeline. The capacity of channel has declined over the years due to silting.Monsoon has already been delayed by about a week, and any further delay in monsoon shower can create water scarcity in the western parts of the city affecting the populace of more than two lakh. Yeshwant Sagar, which supplies 30 MLD water to city, has dried up and it has water left only for a day.Yeshwant Sagar reservoir had dried up on June 1, and since then the civic body was supplying water to the city from a channel constructed at dam. Now channel has water available only for a day. Briefing about the channel civic officials said the IMC had constructed half a kilometre long and 6 feet deep channel at the pumping station. Channel is filled with water from the pipeline; however capacity of channel has reduced over the years due to silting in it.M K Khan, the reservoir in-charge, said that channel has water only for a day's supply. \"After it is dried up, we will try to pump in water from the small ditches in the dam. But it will suffice only 25% of the normal supply every alternate day and would last only for a week,\" he said.For last 20 days, the IMC had been supplying 24 MLD of water from channel at pumping station. After the drying up of channel source as well, the water in the ditches in the dam is able to supply only 12 MLD of water on every alternate day. In next seven days, when this source will also dry up, IMC is planning to draw water from the Narmada line.\"If monsoon do not arrive in the next few days, then we will have to supply water in western part of the city from Narmada pipeline by reducing the quantity to other parts of the city,\" said an official adding that they are expecting arrival of monsoon in a few days.Poonam Verma, resident of Malhargaj, said that they are already facing water problem for the last two weeks due to a cut in the water supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "14307241", "title": "What clean-up? Ask Lamgao locals; fear repeat of mining calamity", "text": "KERI: A week after a mining firm assured the Bicholim deputy collector that they have taken steps to ensure a rain-triggered calamity does not recur this year, residents of Lamgao say danger's still looming large.Representatives of the firm had said the work of cleaning and desilting the drains and nullahs in Lamgao had been taken up on priority. But the recent three-day wet spell has left mining silt-laden water gushing through the streams, nullahs and drains of this ward of the Bicholim municipal council.Resident Pratap Vishwanath Govennkar says, \"The road leading to the newly-built Mhatrai-Bhairavnath temple, which is encircled by mining dumps, has also been destroyed in the recent downpours.\"Pointing out that the main water tank 'Lamgaoche Vhodle tole' is \"overburdened\" with mining silt, the 45-year-old said, Vhodli Ped and Dhakti Ped, formerly natural habitats of the tiger and leopard, also lie destroyed.On July 16 last year, the breached embankment of a mine's settling pond led to the flooding of a horticulture plantation and agricultural fields and the silting of lakes and rivers in Mulgao that adjoins Lamgao. Losses there were estimated at 1 crore.Environmental activist Ramesh Gauns, a resident of nearby Pajwada, alleges that the five mines in operation near Lamgao do not comply with environmental norms and are thus responsible for the destruction of water resources and nullahs in the area. He filed a complaint with the deputy collector on May 25 about mining activities destroying a spring that in turn has destroyed the lake at Lamgao.When contacted, deputy collector Parag Nagarsekar said, \"I have issued directives to the company to undertake precautionary measures at Lamgao and the officials have reverted that they have. I will personally conduct an inspection next week.\"Lamgao councillor Karuna Govenkar said, \"I have brought the residents' fears of a looming disaster to the notice of the company, but no concrete measures to curtail the same have been undertaken so far, which is why locals are dissatisfied.\"Facing the fallouts of mining activities for over a decade now, Lamgao's natural and archaeological heritage are constantly under threat. Among the latter heritage are two pre-Portuguese caves. Archaeologist V R Mitragotri dates one as early 600 AD, while the other, with Brahmanical influences, is two centuries old. These, along with Lamgao's water bodies, are threatened by mining in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14311174", "title": "NMC posts Rs 60 crore octroi revenue in its first month", "text": "NASHIK: A month since it took over octroi collection, from private agencies, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has collected Rs 60.42 crore in octroi revenue.It is forecasted that if the civic body were to continue at this pace it would possibly meet its annual target of Rs 603 crore set for the current financial year. But this may now not be required following the state's decision to levy local body tax (LBT) from July 1 as an octroi substitute.According to official statistics, the NMC began collecting octroi from May 19, and has since collected Rs 60,42,65,165.The administration took over octroi posts from the private agencies following the decision of the general body on April 13 that privatization of octroi-collection be cancelled.The amount collected at the octroi posts in the last one month was Rs 37,42,72,300 while the amount deposited directly by companies in the current account is Rs 22,99,92,865.\"The collection this time is comparatively better than the earlier phase when NMC used to collect octroi before private agencies were used for the purpose. We were expecting to collect around Rs 700 crore in a year, which would have been higher than the expected target ,\" said octroi deputy commissioner, Haribhau Phadol.\"Earlier , 60% of octroi collection used to come from the current account and 40 % would be from spot collection at octroi posts. This time we have collected a higher amount from posts because we were stringent about it,\" he added.\"Then municipal commissioner and the general body were cooperative in providing us resources because of which were able to post these revenue figures,\" the deputy commissioner added. Reportedly, the same number of employees for octroi collection has been shortlisted for LBT-related duties as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14314662", "title": "Saguni movie Hyderabad theaters list", "text": "Karthi's upcoming movie Saguni is gearing up for massive release on June 22. So far, the film is scheduled to release in 46 theaters in Hyderabad. Pranitha of Bava fame is romancing Karthi in this political comedy entertainer. Gnanavelraja is the producer and debutant Shankar Dayal is the director of Sakuni.Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagapattinam", "code": "14310582", "title": "Lankan coast guard arrests 9 Tamil Nadu fishermen", "text": "Nagapattinam: The Sri Lankan Coast Guard has arrested nine Indian fishermen from Akkaraipettai near Vedaranyam for allegedly crossing over into its waters.The nine fishermen, Balu (25), Kumar (26), Prakash (30), Chelladurai (45), Jayapal (30), Prakash (25) from Akkaraipettai, Panner (32) from Samanthampettai, Ranji (21) from Nambiar Nagar and Kiruba (25) from Kallaru in Nagappattinam district set out to sea from Akkaraipettai in the midnight of June 16, 2012.All of them were arrested at gunpoint by the Sri Lankan Coast Guard when they were fishing near Kodiyakarai, Vedaranyam in Nagappattinam district at around 1 am on Wednesday on the charge of crossing the International Maritime Boundary Line. Akkaraipettai villagers received the information from one of the fishermen who was held. The fishermen were about to return with catch on Wednesday evening. On the other hand, the incident is not surprising as such arrests and attacks have been taking place frequently.According to official sources, the fishermen were being kept in Kangesan port in Sri Lanka.K Gunasekaran, assistant director of fisheries-marine, Nagappattinam, told TOI, \"We have informed the high commission about the incident. They may be released after the high commission talks to the Sri Lankan government. \"Such arrests frequently take place when Indian fishermen cross the border, eyeing catch of rare fish like prawns. Sri Lanka has banned bottom trawling to stop exploitation of prawns. But our fishermen knowingly enter their waters for prawns and hence get caught,\" said an official.Reacting strongly to the arrest G Manoharan, the president of Akkaraipettai village said that \" we refrain from our duty condemning the arrest and it will continue until they are released. we are supposed to enter into their border due to the dearth of catches in our water. The Indian government should try to bring in an amicable solution to a two decade-long issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bangalore/ bagalkot", "code": "14309545", "title": "Cops not ready to take action against Industries minister", "text": "BANGALORE/ BAGALKOT: Industries minister Murugesh R Nirani may have assaulted a farmer a few days ago , but as expected, he got away with a reluctant police filing a complaint.Police initially refused to file a complaint, but when farmers thronged the station and staged a dharna demanding Nirani's arrest, they were forced to give in. Kannada and culture minister Govind Karjol also intervened, and ensured that police registered an FIR against Nirani.On June 16, minister Nirani along with three men, entered a private farm and allegedly assaulted Shivanand Mohan Timasani, a farmer from Mantur village, in Mudhol taluk of Bagalkot district.His crime: Waging protests against the policies of Nirani's sugarcane factory in Mudhol.Four days later, no action has been taken. \"We know what would have happened if I had assaulted the minister. The law is only for the common man. I want to know why police have still not taken any action against the minister. They are trying to avoid the issue by saying they need permission from the assembly speaker,'' said an angry Shivanand, whose life has not been the same after the incident.Realizing the intricacy of the problem and his political future, he alleged that Nirani is trying to bring pressure on him to withdraw the case. Nirani also filed a counter-complaint at the same station, alleging that Shivanand had abused and assaulted him. \"I am afraid but I want to take this case to its logical end. Farmers across the state are behind me. We (the family) continue to stay at the farmhouse, though we know the minister may go to any extent and even send goons to attack us. But we have left everything to our family deity,'' Shivanand said.Recalling the events that led to the assault, Shivanand said: \"On the afternoon of June 16, when I was returning from Mantur to my farmhouse in my car, the minister passed me in the opposite direction. I reached home, and the minister followed and came to my farmhouse. The car driver and gunman first abused me and tried to assault me. When I retaliated, the minister stepped out of his car and slapped me, before abusing me in foul language.\"A distant relative of former minister and JD(S) leader Basavaraj Horatti, Shivanand is the nephew of former Bilagi MLA late ST Patil, who was closely associated with Nirani. Shivanand, 33, a commerce graduate, owns 22 acres of land in Mantur village of Mudhol taluk. He also takes care of another 100 acres of land belonging to his brother and mother.It all started in October last year. When 10 sugar factories in Mudhol taluk failed to pay sugarcane growers the amount due to them, farmers launched a hunger strike in Mudhol town. Of the 10, nine factories heeded their demand, except Nirani's factory. \"So I led another protest against him by blocking sugarcane carts of his factory,'' Shivananda said.Irked by the protest, Nirani got 40-50 goons to beat up the protesting farmers. In retaliation, the farmers damaged some jeeps belonging to Nirani's factory. Police booked cases and arrested them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14307564", "title": "Damodar Valley Corporation boss meets CM to discuss flood control", "text": "KOLKATA: Damodar Valley Corporation (DVC) chairman R N Sen and his senior colleagues met chief minister Mamata Banerjee at Writers' Buildings on Wednesday to discuss release of water during monsoon.Last year, water released from DVC had led to floods in several districts of the state. Mamata had advised people living in low-lying areas of Howrah, Hooghly and West Midnapore to shift to higher places, considering the discharge of water from the Chandil dam in Jharkhand and DVC reservoirs.Sen said that an action plan will be prepared and chief secretary-level talks will be held. Nothing will be done to cause damage and that water will be released according to an agreement.However, Sen added that the level of water in rivers also makes a difference in deciding on releasing water. If water could be released in small quantities before the onset of monsoon, then the problem of releasing a huge quantity of water will not arise later.Sen also said that they were working on plans on new dams at Maithon, Panchet and also in Belpahari in Jangalmahal to augment generation capacity and for proper water management in Jangalmahal areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14311277", "title": "Survey finds South Mumbai streets no better", "text": "MUMBAI: Footpaths in South Mumbai certainly cause envy among suburban Mumbaikars many of whom have never seen one in their neighbourhood. But a survey of 16 roads in the Fort precinct in A-ward , which is also a tourist district, by the Urban Design Research Institute found that in five cases the pavements needed to be widened in sections and in five they were inadequate. In another two cases the entire footpath needed to be widened, and in case of N Master Road, the footpath did not exist.Nayana Kathpalia, convenor, Citispace said though some of them are 30 ft wide, pedestrians still could not use them. A majority of these footpaths are badly made and poorly maintained. They are also encroached upon both by the rich and the poor, with even corporates having a share.An audit of the M G Road from Metro cinema to Regal cinema by UDRI showed how a private gymkhana has created parking space exclusively for its members and even discourages pedestrians from walking on that stretch. On the opposite side, the pavement has been entirely taken over by Fashion Street leading to pedestrians walking on the road. To highlight heritage buildings, corporates have put flashlights right in the middle of the pavement, unmindful that it forces people on the road.Further down, a college has barricaded its building arcade and locked it, leaving a very narrow stretch for people to walk. Illegal stalls have been made into permanent structures.The UDRI has prepared a Fort Management Plan for the heritage precinct with the pedestrian as a priority. According to the UDRI, \"walking on our city streets should be a pleasant and safe activity and should be the main form of commuting, improving the health of the walker and reducing pollutions and fossil fuel consumption'' . It is now working with the BMC to improve the pavements along the M G Road.\"We are defining the width of the pavement, the slope, the gradient at the kerbs, the space for pedestrians to walk, space for utilities, hawkers, signages, street furniture etc. We shall be sharing it with the BMC,'' said Pankaj Joshi, member UDRI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14308197", "title": "Police foil murder plan", "text": "NAGPUR: A goon-turned-civil contractor and his accomplice were nabbed by a team of Gittikhadan police station on Gorewada Ring Road on Tuesday late evening while on way to eliminate a transporter. Abdul Sattar , who had a murder charge against him at Umrer a decade ago, was found in possession of a country-made pistol and five live rounds of 8mm calibre. Police seized a knife from his accomplice Zabeer Khan.It is learnt that the duo was heading to eliminate one Dilip Patre. Khan worked with Sattar and was roped in against promise of money. Sources in Gittikhadan police said Sattar was earlier nabbed by crime branch with firearms. He also had an offence of assault registered against him at Sakkardara police station.Sattar was roughed up by Patre around three months ago over a trivial issue. An enraged Sattar claimed to have procured a firearm from Mumbai for Rs 5,000 to take revenge. He was going towards Gorewada forest to test the firearm when sub-inspector Neeraj Choudhary, head constable Ramakrishna Halbe and others nabbed him. Two mobile phones and a cordless receiver too was seized by the cops. An offence has been registered against the duo under Arms Act at Gittikhadan police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14311202", "title": "Court sets detained sisters free", "text": "MUMBAI: A special Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act (PITA) court on Wednesday passed an order allowing nine of the 11 women detained in the Masala Curry raid to be released from the Chembur shelter home. Among the women detained on suspicion of being prostitutes were the two sisters who last week filed a petition in the Bombay High Court seeking compensation of Rs 1 crore each from Mumbai police.The women were taken into custody on June 5 following a raid at the Andheri (West) restaurant. Magistrate Swarnita B Mahale said, \"There is some substance in the information received by the police.\" The custody of the two women still detained would be given to their relatives only after investigation into their background.After their release, the sisters said, \"Our personal and professional lives have gone for a toss. Our lives were miserable in the welfare home.\"One of the sisters, Sonia, said she was invited to the restaurant by \"family friend\" Mohan Tolani\u2014who has been arrested in the case\u2014for a birthday party. Referring to Sonia, who has reportedly acted in television serial CID, the magistrate said her son who is autistic is in need of his mother's care.The magistrate stated that the event was not a birthday party and the respective parents and husbands were ready to give an undertaking to take proper care of them. \"They (are) also advised to adopt some decent mode of earning a livelihood. Most of the victims have assured that hereafter they will not work or visit any controversial place and take care of themselves and their family and children,\" she said. One of the victims' father told the magistrate that he will surrender his daughter to court custody if she does not \"correct\" herself.The magistrate observed the victims were acquainted with each other before the incident and regularly attended Tolani's parties. The victims submitted that they went to the parties as Tolani, who some women claimed was a producer himself, said he would introduce them to producers and directors there. The magistrate stated that the victims were hiding many facts and their lifestyle did not match their earnings. \"One of the victims has not produced any document relating to her husband. Earnings of the victim's husband and her expenses did not match,\" she said of Sonia.Probation officer Neeru Sharma said, \"It is difficult to say if these girls were to be pushed into flesh trade, but their presence at the spot is questionable.\"Vishesh, one of the sisters' husbands, said, \"It has been a very tough moment for the family. Only we know what we have been through.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14309191", "title": "Custody war leads to drama at the collectorate", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 28-year-old mother has lodged a complaint at the All Woman Police Station in Ramanathapuram on Wednesday that her five-year-old son was forcefully taken from her and handed over to her husband and his relatives. The agitated woman along with her relatives went to the district collectorate and sat before the official vehicle of District Revenue Officer (DRO) seeking the intervention of higher officials to resolve the matter and return the child to her custody. However, police officials claim that the child was initially in the custody of her husband. Besides, the custody case is in court and it will be decided in the coming days.\"I was asked to come to the station to record my statement but my child was taken from me and handed over to my husband,\" said S Kalaichelvi when contacted.Kalaichelvi, a resident of SIHS colony here in the city was married to NavaneetaSuresh Kumar (30) who ran an electrical shop on Avinashi Road. The couple had been married for seven years and have one son Adhithya who is a class 1 student in a private school in the city. She alleged that her husband and his family had forcefully asked her to leave the house on June 2 after she refused to ask her parents for Rs 2 lakh as dowry. Kalaichelvi was reportedly asked to come to the police station on Wednesday where she accused the police personnel of forcefully sending her son with her husband.\"I had a small tailoring unit functioning out of my house where I used to do minor tailoring work and earn some money,\" Kalaichelvi added.However police personnel said that the couple was estranged and have already filed a case for separation and the child was initially in the custody of the father. They also added that at the moment they could not do anything since the matter has to be decided before the court.\"We have asked them to follow the legal course at the moment. We cannot intervene in ensuring the custody of the child since it is a legal matter,\" said Hema Karunagaran, Deputy Commissioner ( Law and Order), City Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "lucknow/kanpur", "code": "14309716", "title": "Team Anna seeks SIT probe against Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "LUCKNOW/KANPUR: Team Anna on Wednesday reiterated its demand for a probe into graft charges it had levelled against 14 ministers, including Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee by a special investigating team (SIT).Addressing a gathering organized by India Against Corruption in Kanpur, Team Anna core group member Kiran Bedi said \"The government should constitute a SIT to probe the charges. Let them come out clean if they are not corrupt.\"She also said, \"We are poor not because we have committed a sin but because our leadership is corrupt and has been acting like 'Dhritarashtra'. The government does not have money to set up new schools and hospitals but at the same time scams of several crores of rupees keep on surfacing every now and then. This is happening only because we have decided to keep mum. It's time when we should stand and support Anna Hazare who is fighting for the cause,\" she said.This is for the second time when Kiran Bedi termed the government to be acting like 'Dhritarashtra'. Bedi, however, made it clear that her remarks was not against prime minister but against the office of the prime minister for overlooking problems.Team Anna is touring UP as a part of its \"Anna Sandesh Yatra\" to make people aware about corruption charges against union ministers and demand to form SIT. The first round of the Yatra ended on Wednesday.Kiran Bedi, Kumar Vishwas, Sanjay Singh, Shazia Ilmi and others members of Team Anna were on the occasion. Later, addressing media persons in Lucknow, Vishwas said: \"Mukherjee should face the probe and come clear with regard to 'rice scam' before contesting presidential elections.\"When pointed out that Mukherjee had rejected their allegations as \"unfair, self-seeking and with ulterior motive\" and mala fide, Vishwas said, \"The reply came for the letter which we wrote on May 27 to prime minister but he had not responded to the letter which we wrote two days back.\"Talking about Anna Hazare endorsing Mukherjee as a better president contestant than other UPA ministers, he said, \"Anna said that Pranab is a better minister compared to other minister but he added that APJ Abdul Kalam is the best for the post of President.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14307848", "title": "India A team gasping for air in the West Indies", "text": "India A's cricket tour of West Indies was a bitter lesson for everybody, particularly the players and the selectors.It is clear that IPL performances can only be a benchmark for IPL; nothing else. The IPL 5 starlets fared miserably during the three-Test series that the tourists lost 2-1. India failed to cross 300 in any of the six innings.True, the pitches weren't ideal but, undeniably, the batters also failed to handle Caribbean pace. It's heartening, though, that some less-fancied names flowered. Moral of the story: India's got talent but perhaps a T20 tamasha isn't best place to look for it.HITSCheteshwar Pujara: The best innings by an Indian in the series. The scored two more halfcenturies to underline his class. His run-out when on 33 was crucial to India's fortunes in the third Test. The 24-year-old from Rajkot is now the most suitable boy to fill up the Dravid vacancy in Tests.Shami Ahmed: Real find of the tour. The 22-year-old Bengal medium-pacer, who couldn't find a playing spot in Kolkata Knight Riders , was the team's highest wicket-taker claiming 13 scalps. Ahmed proved handy with the bat too; his unbeaten 27 led to a decisive ninth-wicket partnership of 73 runs with Pujara in the first Test.Wriddhiman Saha: The gloveman (nine catches, two stumpings) proved his efficacy as a lower-order batter with two gritty half centuries in the low-scoring series. Barring Pujara, no other Indian batsman managed to do that.Jalaj Saxena: The 25-year-old allrounder from Indore shone with both bat and ball in the only game he got. He smashed a quickfire 61 off 59 balls, the team's highest, in the first innings of the third Test and took three wickets with his off-breaks.JUST AVERAGEManoj Tiwary: The Bengal middle-order batsman will rue the fact that he failed to play a decisive knock even though he got decent starts. 40, 5, 23, 20, 32 and 62 make him among the more consistent batsmen but that isn't saying much under the circumstances.Ashok Dinda: He was the most economical bowler in the side but statemate Shami Ahmed outdid him.Akshay Darekar: The 23-year-old left arm spinner from Raigadh had an impressive six wicket haul in the second innings of the second Test.Rohit Sharma: The Mumbai batter started off with a classy 94 but faded away dramatically making 3, 1, 13, 12, 2 in the next five innings. Interestingly, he outperformed regular spinner Rahul Sharma in the bowling department. Rohit's offbreaks fetched him nine wickets; his four for 41 was crucial to India's victory in the first Test.FLOPSAjinkya Rahane: A major success with Rajasthan Royals in IPL 5, the diminutive opener ran up scores of 0, 5, 18, 5, 32 and 2 in the series.Abhinav Mukund: The Tamil Nadu southpaw notched up the dreaded pair in the first Test. With scores of 0, 0, 8, 8, 10, 20, his grand total was 46 at an average of 7.57.Shikhar Dhawan: The flashy was another failure scoring 9, 13, 0 and 8 to lose his place by the time third Test arrived.Rahul Sharma: It seems, the Punjab leg-spinner, who plays for Pune in the IPL, is yet to get over the hammering he received from Chris Gayle in IPL 5. He was largely ineffective.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14308752", "title": "Married man kills lover, burns her body", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 30-year-old married businessman, who wanted to get rid of his girlfriend, allegedly strangled her, stuffed her body in a suitcase and took it to Haryana where he burnt it, police said. However, his return to his flat to wipe out evidence proved to be his undoing. A neighbour had spotted him when he was leaving to dump the body and informed the police. They were waiting for him. The incident took place on Tuesday in Rohini area of northwest Delhi. The businessman, identified as Umakant Pandit alias Anil, dealt in garments and was smitten with the woman, identified as Rachna (24), who too was married. The police are also looking for a man, identified as Sumit, who allegedly helped the accused in the murder and disposal of the body. They have reportedly recovered half of Rachna's burnt body from the spot and are trying to find out if the accused cut the body into parts before burning it. Pandit allegedly told the cops that he had got into a relationship with Rachna, who was his employee at his garment factory about a year ago. \"He had been living with her for the past seven months at a flat in Rohini. Lately, he says, she had become a problem for him as she had started to 'expect' too much and therefore he hatched a plan to eliminate her,\" said a senior police officer. \"On Monday, he bought a red suitcase and consumed liquor at night. In the morning, around 9:30am, he strangled Rachna. We suspect he cut the body into two parts to stuff it into the suitcase. During the day, he didn't get a chance to dispose of the body and it was only around 11pm that he and his friend left the Rohini flat. They took the body to a desolate spot near Rasoi village, on the Panipat highway, and poured five litres of petrol on the suitcase before setting it on fire. Pandit later dropped Sumit at Ashok Vihar around 2.30am, parked his car in Rithala and went home,\" the officer added. The police said they had received a call from a neighbour at 11.20pm that there may be a body in a red Alto. \"We rushed to the spot but the two had left. Pandit and Sumit had been seen dragging a red coloured bag on the staircase. The eyewitness said he had seen blood dripping from the bag. They were apparently wearing gloves. During inspection of the suspected scene of crime, bloodstains were detected on the floor of the flat and there was a foul smell inside the room,\" said Tajinder Luthra, Joint CP, Northern Range. The eyewitness got suspicious because of a foul smell. When he noticed bloodstains on the stairs, he dialled 100 even as they were heading for their car. He gave the registration number of the car to the cops who obtained the address of the owner and raided a house in Sultanpuri. It turned out that Pandit had sold off the house. Addl DCP P Karunakaran said, \"A team of officers, led by SHO South Rohini, Jai Prakash , was deployed in the area in outer Delhi to nab the accused. One team was stationed around Kumar's original house where his wife and children lived and another around the scene of crime.\" Pandit returned to wipe out evidence, including bloodstains and photographs inside the house, and walked straight into the arms of the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "he's one of the best dressed men in the world of television who flaunts his style and attitude with great ease. a multi talented individual who has dabbled in films, tv and theatre, karanvir bohra has now turned his attention to fashion. quite natural for the actor who has become a style icon and whose fashion sense is impeccable. he recently launched his men's wear clothing line", "code": "14314375", "title": "Karanvir Bohra's fashion mantra!", "text": "He's one of the best dressed men in the world of television who flaunts his style and attitude with great ease. A multi talented individual who has dabbled in films, TV and theatre, Karanvir Bohra has now turned his attention to fashion. Quite natural for the actor who has become a style icon and whose fashion sense is impeccable. He recently launched his men's wear clothing line: Pegasus. In a tete-a-tete with the actor.Was launching your own fashion line always on your mind? I've always used my clothes for my shows. Since the time of Kasautii Zindagii Kay , where I played the character of Prem, I've always used my own clothes. Same is the case with Saubhagyavati Bhava . My wife ( Teejay Sidhu) and I have taken personal interest in developing the look of the character because I believe the look is as important as the acting.What is your collection about? My clothing line includes suits, formals, semi formals and jackets. I believe if it looks good on me, then it can look good on anyone.You had a lot of friends supporting you for this event. Yes, when I launched my collection, all my friends were there to support me. Ashmit Patel , Bikram Bawa, Karan Bawa, Sudhanshu Pandey, Gurmeet Choudhary, Vikas Kalantri, Raghu Ram, Rajiv Ram and Vishal Singh walked the ramp for me.What's your personal style mantra? Keep it simple, with a little bit of edge.Any fashion tips for Indian men? You don't need to overdress to look good.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14310900", "title": "Summer vacation ends early for Bhubaneswar schools", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: While children across the state are enjoying an extended summer vacation, students of some private schools in the city are not so lucky.Despite the state government's order to extend summer vacation till June 25, some private schools in the city have started classes. They said vacation extension would have created problems in completing courses in time.\"The state government had extended summer vacation in the wake of severe heat wave condition. But with the onset of monsoon, the heat wave is not there and the weather has become very pleasant. So there is no need for the extension of summer vacation. We have started classes from June 18,\" said P K Acharya, a teacher of Sri Aurobindo Integral School in Saheed Nagar. \"If the school opens after one week, it affects completion of courses for higher classes such as VIII, IX and X,\" the teacher said, adding that they have completed a large portion of the course in a week.The early end to the vacation, however, has left the students a dejected lot. \"None of my friends in my colony are going to school as they are yet to reopen after the vacation. But our classes have started from the day it was scheduled to open,\" said Shivani, a student of Class-VI.But parents are rather happy with the schools' decision. \"We did not oppose the school's initiative to begin classes early. The children just waste their time at home. They only watch TV or play computers games throughout the day without an iota of study. Once the school reopens, they will get back into into the regular routine and start studying,\" said Mausumi Dash, a mother of two school-going children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14311067", "title": "Nashikites vexed by power interruptions", "text": "NASHIK: Power consumers from Nashik are vexed by the frequent power interruptions ranging from few minutes to several hours, for five to 10 times a day. While the superintending engineer of the power company said the statistics collected from the sub-divisions indicate all is well, junior engineers of the company admit to power interruptions, saying they have increased this year.Almost every part of city is witnessing power interruptions for brief periods from time to time as against long power cuts witnessed this time last year - when monsoon sets in. But sticking to the statistics gathered for high tension power supply, officials of Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL) say that all is well.\"There were interruptions but only on the day the city witnessed rains. And 95% of interruptions were because of 'earth fault' which occur because of punctured insulators, trees touching the wires and the threads of kites entangled in the wires, causing short circuits,\" said Hiralal Rajput, superintending engineer, going through the 135-odd cases of interruptions on June 17, in Nashik urban area - including Nashik city and Nashik Road.When pointed out that the data was only related to the high tension failures and not the low-tension power failures, the official had no answer. \"As of now I have no idea - but I will definitely ask the officials to report the issues about the failures and their reasons to me,\" the official said.However, engineers, on the condition of anonymity, link the prolonged interruptions to delayed rains. \"We have carried out the pre-monsoon maintenance work in the end of May. Usually, in the first two rains the bad instruments give way and things are set right. But we have not received rains so far,\" a junior engineer from Nashik Road said, adding that the major reasons for power interruptions are tree branches falling on wires because of heavy winds blowing and besides there is no other technical reason for failure of power.The engineer further pointed out that earlier the areas used to see long power cuts because it would be restored only after the faults were located and addressed. \"The areas where problems occur are isolated temporarily while power supply is continued to other areas, till the problem here is addressed. This is where you see the power interruptions ranging from one minute to five minutes,\" a deputy engineer said.He further said that this would continue to happen in Nashik till the time the entire infrastructure goes under ground, which is a costly affair. The power system in the city has actually been strengthened and more sub stations will start functioning in less than a month's time which will further enable better handling of the situation and lesser power interruptions, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "14310967", "title": "Anti-AIDS train in Koraput", "text": "KORAPUT: Red Ribbon Express (RRE), an exhibition train for creating awareness on HIV/AIDS, reached Koraput railway station on Wednesday. Koraput holds the second highest position in the state in terms of AIDS mortality with over 10 deaths and more than 1000 affected.Most tribal youngsters have little or no idea about AIDS. This is a golden opportunity for them to get to know everything about the disease. \"After coming here, I realized I was quite ignorant about several facts regarding HIV/AIDS and its precautionary measures. I used to feel shy about asking my elders or friends about the disease. But now all my doubts have been cleared,\" said Subha Pangi of Pottangi.The six-coach multimedia, multi-facility train has arrangements for pictorial, audio-visual, graphic and even telephonic presentation on HIV/AIDS. It drew a large crowd from the tribal district on the very first day of its arrival. Koraput is the train's first stop in the state, and it will stay here till Thursday. tnnVolunteers from several social organizations gathered here to know more about the deadly disease.\"The RRE has proved to be beneficial for the tribals of the district, who are mostly illiterate and ignorant about the disease. Most of the rural folk are in the dark about this deadly disease and fall prey to it unknowingly. This was a good experience for them,\" said a local social activist, K Rama Rao.The RRE, which was flagged off in the second week of January from New Delhi as a part of a HIV/ AIDS awareness campaign, will camp at Balangir, Bargarh, Samablpur, Angul, Cuttack and Ganjam before reching Bhubaneswar on July 10.While the first coach displays bio-medical aspects of the disease, counselling-cum-medical services are available in the last coach. Three other coaches are dedicated to exhibitions on the disease. A fourth coach exhibits details on tuberculosis , malaria , reproductive and child health services, general health and hygiene. Going beyond the usual posters and pictures, the coaches have touch screens and 3-D models to disseminate information.Prior to the inauguration of the RRE at the Koraput railway station by collector Koraput Sachin Jadhav, an awareness rally against the disease was organized in the town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "14308719", "title": "2 die as house collapses in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: Two persons including a civil contractor died here on Wednesday when a part of a house to be reconstructed collapsed. Two other injured have been admitted to the MDM Hospital. Of them, one has reportedly escaped from the hospital.The owner of the house was getting a part of it demolished for reconstruction. The house is located on Fifth Road, a major commercial centre in the town.The cause of the collapse is yet to be ascertained but according to workers at the site, during a drilling exercise at the rear end of the house, four persons fell with the debris. Two, including the contractor, were declared brought dead by the hospital authorities.Additional DCP, J S Sharma said the deceased were Gopi Lal Ghanchi (60) of Jodhpur, who was the civil contractor for the project, and Ishwar Lal Meena (22) a labour from Piproli village of Pratapgarh district.Based on a worker's complaint, the police have registered an FIR under section 304 of the IPC (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) against the construction company. \"We are investigating the matter\", told Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "14311120", "title": "Tigiria chariots to roll out a day late", "text": "CUTTACK: While the entire state will celebrate Rath Yatra on Thursday, chariots at Nijigada in Cuttack's Tigiria block will roll a day late on Friday. Locals claim that Rath Yatra was started in 1798 by King Jagannath Kshetriya Birabara Champati Singh Mohapatra. The king was a devotee of Jagannath and was given the honour to perform the \"Bada parichha seva\" of the traid deities on Rath Yatra. So after returning from Puri, he used to conduct the Rath Yatra festival in his kingdom the next day, said Sankarshan Mohanty, one of the organizers.\"The king used to visit Puri for the 'bada parichha seva'. In those days, the kings travelled in horse-driven chariots and it took them a whole day to reach Tigiria from Puri. After returning, he used to organize the festival in his kingdom. And since then, the tradition of Rath Yatra has been followed religiously by his successors,\" said Manoranjan Mohanty, who has written a book on Tigiria's history.The king used to address Jagannath as Prasannamani, hence the festival is addressed as Prasannamani's Rath Yatra. Three chariots have been constructed for the gods.The height of Jagannath's chariot is 36 ft , while the chariots of Balabhadra and Subhadra is 34 ft and 31 ft high respectively. However, the deities would ascend upon the chariots on the day of the yatra but wait for the next day to begin their journey. Similarly, the Bahuda festival (return journey of the lords) is also celebrated a day late.\"The rituals of 'pahandi' and 'chhera panhara' will be carried out on Thursday and only the chariots of the three deities will be pulled out on Friday. The prince of the erstwhile Tigiria state will carry out the 'chhera panhara'. Adequate arrangements have been made for the festival,\" said Tigiria tehsildar Sibabrata Ghose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14311311", "title": "Zardari calls parliament to elect new PM on Friday", "text": "ISLAMABAD:In a rushed bid to resolve the political chaos triggered by the supreme court's disqualification of Yousaf Raza Gilani as PM, Pakistan's president Asif Ali Zardari on Wednesday called a session of parliament to elect the country's new premier on Friday.Media reports are speculating on several names but insiders say three outgoing members of the cabinet, Makhdoom Shahabuddin, Chaudhry Ahmed Mukhtar and Syed Khurshed Shah, were discussed by Zardari in meetings with PPP bosses and leaders of the ruling coalition partners.\"Makhdoom Shahabuddin emerged as the strongest candidate as none of the allied groups raised any objection against him,\" said a senior PPP leader. Shahabuddin, a senior MP, is from Rahim Yar Khan in southern Punjab and was federal minister for textiles until Gilani's disqualification.However, the stalemate won't end with the appointment of a new PM as he will be pushed by the apex court to write to the Swiss government to reopen a graft case against Zardari.Shahabuddin, though, could run into trouble. Officials of Pakistan's anti-narcotics force (ANF) have revealed that Shahabuddin could be arrested in connection with the ephedrine case involving Ali Musa Gilani, son of the outgoing PM. ANF has named Musa as one of the eight accused for alleged irregularities in the import of a large amount of the chemical ephedrine, commonly known as \"poor man's cocaine\".Chaudhry Ahmed Mukhtar, another contender who was holding the power and water ministry, was a strong candidate for premiership after the PPP won the general election in 2008, but was edged out by Gilani.Mukhtar, from Gujrat district of central Punjab, is considered an arch-rival to PML-Q, the largest of PPP's allies. He won against PML-Q chief Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain in 2008 in a close contest. Talking to reporters, Mukhtar said he had heard he was being made the PM.Religious affairs minister Khurshed Shah, a PPP diehard from Sindh, is also in line for the top slot, with some officials claiming that he was being backed by a majority of the party. But the problem with Shah's selection is that PPP can't afford to give all important slots to persons from the same province.The possibility of a dark horse cannot be ruled out since President Zardari is known to be unpredictable.It's expected that the new PM would retain all the ministers and MOS form the outgoing cabinet. The main opposition party, PML-N, said it will name its candidate after consulting coalition parties. It had earlier said it won't nominate anyone for the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14309817", "title": "\u2018We were scared to step out\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was 3.30am on Wednesday, when the Kohli family returned to their house in Sector 32 B after an outing. They were having tea, when they heard deafening sounds at around 3.45am. Suspecting that there was a major accident, the Kohli couple ran outside only to find some rowdy youths throwing stones at their Honda City car.\"The youths in a white hatchback were hurling big stones at our car. We were scared to step outside, as we feared that the miscreants could be carrying some arms. When they left, we tried to chase them in another car of our. They were shouting and driving quite rashly,\" said Savita Kohli, a chartered accountant, while recounting the horrifying experience.She said they could not gather enough courage to take their car near the vehicle of the accused, as they feared for their safety.\"We could not note down the registration number of the vehicle. It was all very horrifying. There was no cop on the entire stretch and we felt really unsafe,\" said Savita, who was the first person to inform the police control room (PCR) and the local police of the area about the incident.\"Some irresponsible youths created a ruckus and damaged our property but the police is still clueless about who they are. This is really disappointing. Such kind of rowdyism is totally unacceptable in any civil society, \" said another person, whose Esteem car was damaged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "shillong/guwahati", "code": "14310727", "title": "Presidential poll: Sangma resignation may split NCP votes", "text": "SHILLONG/GUWAHATI: The resignation of former Lok Sabha speaker PA Sangma from the NCP may split the party's votes in the presidential election. Defying the party's national leadership, the NCP's northeast units backed Sangma's candidature.On May 29, the NCP's northeast coordination committee had passed a resolution supporting Sangma's decision to contest the presidential poll. Party legislators in Meghalaya, Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh are likely to vote for him.\"My father's resignation is his personal decision and it will not have any impact on the NCP in Meghalaya,\" said Conrad Kongkal, Sangma's son and opposition leader in the assembly. Conrad and his sister Agatha , who is a Union minister, is camping in Delhi to garner support for their father. NCP has 14 MLAs in the Meghalaya assembly.\"PA Sangma had to quit the party because the UPA, including the NCP, are not supporting his cause as a tribal candidate, who represents the minorities and the Christians,\" said Conrad.NCP sources said Sangma's move could be linked to his future plan to play a role in the national politics in the 2014 Lok Sabha polls. They argued that Sangma played a crucial role in getting \"national party\" status for the NCP.Sangma had told TOI earlier that the NCP was part of the UPA only in the Centre and Maharashtra. Besides Maharashtra, the NCP has MLAs in Meghalaya, Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh, Odisha, Tamil Nadu and Kerala.According to the EC's criteria, a national party needs to contest from four states and get at least 6% votes from at least four states or get 2% of total seats in the LS from at least three states or it should be a party recognised as a state party in at least four states. Sources said the NCP will not immediately lose its national party status even if Sangma decides to split the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14315564", "title": "Authenticity of cervical vaccine questioned", "text": "A new study has raised further questions about a controversial trial of HPV vaccines in India .The trial, which has now been halted and is the subject of an investigation by the Indian government, was examining the safety and feasibility of offering a vaccine against the virus associated with cervical cancer.The new study by researchers at Queen Mary, University of London and the University of Edinburgh suggested that lack of data on cervical cancer in India does not support a trial of the vaccine to prevent the disease.The trial was run by the international health charity PATH and involved more than 23,000 girls from Gujarat and Andhra Pradesh states. A committee of scientists commissioned by the Indian Government to look into the trial said that the study involved a number of serious ethical violations.The research by Professor Allyson Pollock and colleagues examined a series of claims made by PATH about cervical cancer in India, among them that 'in raw numbers, India has the largest burden of cancer of the cervix of any country worldwide.'They found that cancer surveillance, registration and monitoring in India in general, and specifically in the Gujarat and Andhra Pradesh regions was incomplete, meaning that it would be impossible to tell whether the vaccine would be successful in preventing the disease.In addition, figures that do exist for India show that incidence rates for cervical cancer are low and fell from around 43 cases per 100,000 in 1982/83 to around 22 per 100,000 in 2004/05. Brazil and Zimbabwe are reported to have around twice the rate.\"This trial has clearly raised serious concerns for the people and government of India. The aim of our study was to look at whether data on cervical cancer in the country justify the introduction of HPV vaccination,\" Professor Pollock explained.\"We found that current data on cervical cancer incidence do not support PATH's claim that India has a large burden of cervical cancer or its decision to roll out the vaccine programme.\"\"The lack of information is important because it means that World Health Organisation's criteria for monitoring the effectiveness of the vaccine cannot be fulfilled.\"\"Neither the epidemiological evidence nor current cancer surveillance systems justify the general rollout of an HPV vaccination programme in India or in the two states where PATH was conducting its research,\" he stated.Professor Pollock continued: \"It's important to compare the burden of cervical cancer in India to other major health concerns, such as primary care, malaria , maternal anaemia and malnutrition, and consider best use of financial resources.\"\"HPV vaccine which is among the most expensive vaccines in the market is not justified as a health care priority for India, \" he added.The research was published today in the Journal of the Royal Society of Medicine .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14307939", "title": "Highway toll hike to push up prices", "text": "KOLKATA: Fuel prices haven't alone pushed up transportation costs. A steep rise in toll by National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) is also responsible. However, transporters complained that the hike is not uniform across toll plazas and thus creates confusion. Such a steep rise, transporters said, would result in a further price rise of all commodities.According to NHAI memo 13013/630/CO/1112 /GC, dated March 31, 2012, toll taxes have been modified upwards. However, for transporters, the toll fees have not been uniformly modified. For instance, on National Highway II, a truck had to cough up Rs 165 to cross each toll plaza. Now, it needs to pay Rs 265 at Dhulagarh toll plaza and Rs 245 while crossing Debra toll plaza.In case of mini buses, too, the toll has risen from Rs 85 to Rs 120. For small cars, it has gone up from Rs 30 to Rs 75. \"Naturally, the end-users like you and me are the ultimate victims of such upward revision of toll tax. Earlier, from Kolkata to Mumbai, we had to pay Rs 2,500 as toll tax per trip per carriage. Now, we are paying a little more than Rs 4,000,\" said Satyajit Majumdar, general secretary of Federation of West Bengal Truck Owners' Association.\"The problem is, NHAI does not maintain any transparency as far as its toll revisions are concerned. We have been demanding for uniform toll across the country. This would leave little room for confusion. But that has not been done,\" said Shyamal Dasgupta, general secretary of Truck Owners' Association.The problem is even worse for short-trip makers like buses. \"By paying Rs 85, we used to have multiple passages through a toll plaza in a span of 12 hours. But now, we have to cough up Rs Rs 120 for one up and one down trip. Even if we have time to cross the toll plaza once more, we have to pay Rs 120 again. This has made our situation very difficult with bus fares remaining constant over the years,\" said Mini Bus operator Shiladitya Sarkar.According to NHAI sources, the upward revision of the toll is due to escalation of cost for maintenance and road construction. NHAI has outsourced the collection of toll across the country.The highways ministry expects approximately Rs 840 crore rise in toll revenue from roads and bridges on national highways (NH), as more stretches come under the toll network. Toll revenue may touch Rs 3,627 crore in 2012-13 from Rs 3,554 crore during the last financial year, because of this upward revision.Almost 95% of this revenue will come from roads owned by the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI). Sources in the authority said the increase in toll revenue also includes the premium that NHAI has got from awarding projects in 2011 and 2012. The authority has earned at least Rs 2,300 crore as premium from awarding projects during the current financial year.The premium is the amount that private developers pay annually to the NHAI. Moreover, the annual premium amount increases by 5% for the entire concession period. \"We also expect more stretches, which we will be awarding to private players for maintenance and collecting toll to private developers will fetch premium. We will have enough funds to take care of our financial needs for the next fiscal year. We have also raised Rs 10,000 crore from the markets with us for investment,\" said a senior NHAI official. He added that the impact of premium would be visible in the next 2-3 years. NHAI also expects revenues from fuel cess for highways sector to be around Rs 8,400 crore in 2012-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14310977", "title": "Jail inmate dies of illness", "text": "KANPUR: A 25-year-old inmate of district jail accused of killing his sister-in-law for dowry died following some kind of illness at the Lala Lajpat Rai hospital here during the wee hours on Wednesday.The inmate identified as Arvind Kumar of Raksha Vihar colony, who had been lodged in the district jail along with his brother Deependra and mother since February 08, 2012, was initially admitted to the Ursala Horseman hospital in a critical condition on late Tuesday night. After his condition deteriorated, the authorities later shifted him to Lala Lajpat Rai hospital, where he died.Irked over the incident, the locals, relatives and family members of Arvind, reached the Lala Lajpat Rai hospital and accused the district jail authorities of denying him timely medical assistance.When contacted, the jail officials said that the death was due to some chronic ailment but refused to comment on the nature of the disease. They, however, dismissed the allegations leveled by the deceased's kin. The body has been handed to his family after post-mortem.The reports of the post-mortem examination are awaited, said jail officials further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14307224", "title": "Two arrested for raping, threatening 24-year-old", "text": "MUMBAI: The Santa Cruz police have booked eight persons for allegedly raping a 24-year-old married woman on several occasions in the past few months and threatening to harm her kids. Two accused have been arrested in the case. The victim lives at Shastri Nagar in Santa Cruz (W) with her husband and kids and the accused also live in the vicinity.In December last year, one of the accused allegedly threatened to harm the victim's child and raped her in the absence of her husband. The accused told a friend about this incident, and the friend also committed the same crime after threatening the victim.On Tuesday, the victim's husband returned home early and found one of the accused with his wife in a room. The accused fled from the house and the victim narrated the entire story to her husband. The couple approached the Santa Cruz police with a complaint.The cops mulled over the issue for a long time and after consulting senior officers, registered a rape case based on the complaint. Cops said that they traced the two accused with the help of the details provided by the victim. They added that the other accused could not be found at their homes and a search to locate them was on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14315154", "title": "Family paying cost for the loan they did not borrow", "text": "INDORE: A family is paying cost of not paying loan they did not borrow ever. Beena Bai and her family are spending days in open and managing their meals from here and there as their house has been attached by administration on the charge of not paying loan which was borrowed by somebody else.Their house was allegedly attached without following due procedures. Renuka, daughter of Beena Bai lamented that they are managing their meal anyhow. She said that they have met officials many times but to no avail.Seeking help from senior district officials, Beena Bai also went to the collector''s public hearing on June 12, but to no avail. There is no respite from their plight.As per the complaint lodged by Beena Bai, she purchased house number 76, in Rukmani Nagar area from some Sheetal Chawre on July 2010.The complainant has copies of documents regarding her property which says that the same house was purchased by Chawre from one Omprakash Ramdas, who purchased it from some housing society.Officials sent by SDM Sharad Shotriya along with bank officials reached to her on June 6, 2012 and attached the house after breaking the locks. At the time of the incident, no family members were present in the house.Victim family reached to SSP office also on June 9 and lodged a complaint but there was no development in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14308874", "title": "Maharashtra to amend jail manual after 33 yrs", "text": "MUMBAI: The state jail manual will be amended after 33 years. For the first time inmates will be categorized as per their offences and educational qualification. Terrorists will be put in the 'A grade' category and will have maximum security, rehabilitation of prisoners and new education programmes have been suggested in the manual. There are around 25,000 under trials and convicts in 56 jails across the state.The state jails use the 1979 manuals at present. The government had in 2006 asked the jail authorities to compile new manual, addition or deletion of material which is not in practice now. The preparation of new manual (or better call it amendment) began only after Inspector general Surinder Kumar took charge as the south region prisons' chief. There are 25 chapters in the central government's jail manual while the state manual has 45 chapters. Final draft of the new manual is with the state government's law and judiciary department for perusal. The new manual, which will be finalized in the next few months, has included the human resource angle, mission statement, prisoners' duties etc. \"We have for the first time categorized the prisoners as per their offences. There is no classification of prisoners on the basis of their political background. In the new (suggested) manual, the appointment of councilors and psychiatrists has been included,\" said Kumar, who has been transferred as deputy commandant, Home Guards.The manual has also suggested a new diet chart for the prisoners across Maharashtra jails. \"New chapters on inmates' education &amp; care and rehabilitation have been added. From the security point of view, we have added a new chapter on dynamic security where policemen will be asked to interact with inmates and find out if the inmates have any threat from anyone and it will be reported to the higher ups. It will be not only to curb prisoners' escape from the jail but also to maintain constructive and professional working style for the cops,\" said Kumar.Kumar, who compiled the new manual in a span of one year, said, \"Terrorists, inmates involved in extremist activities and those who have escaped from the prison earlier will be categorized in the 'A grade'. The under trials, detenues, those involved in second murder case, drug peddler and contract killers will be put in B grade while first time offenders (murder and robbery) will be put in the C category.\" He added that one of the suggestions in the manual is to keep inmates of similar educational qualification in nearby cells or same barrack since it could to convince them not to commit crime again and rehabilitate them. After the Honduras fire early this year where 257 inmates were burnt to death, the manual also suggested to make a team to respond during emergency situation in the jail. \"The emergency situation include suicide, terrorist attack on the jail, bomb blast, riots or assault in the jail,\" added Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14307454", "title": "No takers to scrap MV Tipu Sultan", "text": "KOCHI: No one has responded so far to the tender invited by Lakshadweep administration for dismantling its iconic passenger ship MV Tipu Sultan.The ship which has been berthed at the Cochin Port for more than two years is reportedly leading to an expenditure of about Rs 30 lakh per month to the administration, in terms of berthing charges, wages of employees, fuel cost and other items .The decision to scrap the passenger ship, which is now about 30 years old, was taken after the Marine Mercantile Department (MMD) declined sea-worthiness certificate. The Shipping Corporation of India (SCI) also had recommended scrapping the vessel, after it was found that its repair could incur huge amounts. The government evaluator had fixed the minimum value of the ship at Rs 4.6 crore and it is the third time that the auction notice has failed to evoke any response.\"We will now re-auction it at the same rate. We cannot reduce its value which has been fixed by the government evaluator. We may be losing money in terms of berthing charges and other items. But if we reduce the value below what has been fixed by the official evaluator we could be accused of corruption,'' collector of Lakshadweep Vasanthakumar told TOI here.Tenders for scrapping the vessel which was being manned and managed by the SCI were floated earlier in 2010 and 2011. The all-weather ship which had a carrying capacity of 648 passengers had been in operation since 1988, ferrying passengers between the islands and Kochi. The vessel which was built in 1982 had undergone several repairs and a refit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14308484", "title": "Train collision: Railway staff record statements", "text": "MUMBAI: Railway staff on Wednesday recorded statements before the commissioner of railway safety (CRS) about Saturday's mishap when two trains collided at Andheri.A source said, \"Around 22 witnesses submitted statements-either in oral or written form-before the CRS. Most were railway staff, including the motormen of both trains involved in the collision, personnel from technical staff, and the station master. A few members of the general public also presented their versions.\"Eight persons were injured after a Virar local collided with a Churchgate-bound train around 11.20pm. tnnRailway officials, who feel that it was freak accident, have attributed the mishap to communication and system failure.Thursday is the final day for conducting the hearing. A source said, \"If required, the CRS may summon the motormen or the technical staff again if he requires more information before submitting the preliminary report. The CRS will ascertain how both the locals, moving in different directions, came on the same track and collided.\"Prabhat Kumar Bajpai, commissioner of railway safety, north eastern circle, Lucknow, has been appointed to conduct a statutory inquiry in the case at the divisional railway manager's (DRM) office at Mumbai Central.The CRS will ascertain if the incident happened due to system failure, signal problem, fault in Route Relay Interlocking, before submitting its report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14313028", "title": "Kunal Khemu still an outsider in the Pataudi family?", "text": "The actor's absence at the memorial lunch for Tiger Pataudi has sent tongues wagging At the memorial lunch recently held in London by the Indian Journalists' Association for the late Nawab of Pataudi, the entire family was present and so was Kareena Kapoor. However, Soha's beau Kunal Khemu was conspicuous by his absence. And it wasn't as if he was not there to show solidarity with the family. It is learnt Soha's significant other was very much in London, but chose to stay away from the special gathering.Quizzed about not being there at such an important event in his girlfriend's family calendar, Kunal simply said, \"Yes, I missed that. But otherwise, I am very much here with the family and it's wonderful out here in London.\" It wasn't as though only the immediate family had been invited. Tiger Pataudi's cousin Shahryar Mohammad Khan and Kareena, who is as much a part of the family as Kunal, were both present. So why wasn't Kunal there? A source pointed out that Kunal is yet to find a place in the Pataudi family portrait. Mirror readers may recall how in an earlier interview, Sharmila Tagore was effusive about Bebo but rather guarded in her response about Kunal. So is Kunal \"basically a reserved chap\", as a close friend of the actor claims, or is there a certain socio-cultural differences between the two families coming in the way? Our source argued, \"Both Kareena and Kunal have been accepted with open arms in the Pataudi family. But while Kareena has found it easy to blend with the family, and gets along like a house on fire with her future mother-in-law Sharmila Tagore, Kunal is yet to discover that comfort level in the family. Also, he's an intrinsically shy person. It takes him a while to open up to people. Accepting Soha's family for him has been more difficult than Soha's family's acceptance of Kunal.\"So while Kareena is seen happily mingling with the Pataudi family at public gatherings, Kunal shies away. The source added, \"He knows he is welcome in the family, and very much part of their social engagements. But he chooses at the moment to remain in the shadows. When Tiger Pataudi died, he was with Soha and the family throughout but in a quiet, unobtrusive way. Likewise in London, Kunal made sure he was part of the Pataudi family but chose to stay away from public appearances with them.\"Apparently, Kunal feels his motives may be misconstrued. \"He comes from a very different, middleclass background. Unlike Kareena, who is a star, he would appear to be tagging along with the Pataudis to get noticed. And while he had just started getting into proper conversations with Soha's dad, he passed away. With Sharmila, he is cordial. Ditto for Saif,\" the source informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14313807", "title": "Pharma units in Himachal under scanner for spurious drugs production", "text": "SHIMLA: Seeing around 25000 crore pharmaceutical industry of Himachal Pradesh facing credibility crisis due to the production of sub standard drugs, state government has finally started acting against the drug manufacturing units by suspending their licenses. Recently the licences of seven companies were suspended after drugs manufactured by them failed the test. Considering the fact 600 pharmaceutical industries located in Himachal Pradesh caters to around 50% demand of country, over the years Himachal Pradesh has become the largest suppliers of drugs and almost all the states in India are getting supplies from Himachal.But in recent past, quality of drugs manufactured in the hill state have come under the scanner after states like Maharashtra, Karnataka and others returned the supplies for their being sub standard. While the state government has allowed hundreds of pharmaceutical units in the state but it has not been able to ensure required manpower in the state drug controlling authority to check the quality which is resulting into frequent complaints from other states regarding the poor quality of drugs supplied to them, sources said.State health minister Dr Rajeev Bindal said that whenever complaints about the quality of drugs manufactured in the states are received, license of concerned company is immediately suspended. \"If the matter is serious then even the license in cancelled forever,\" he said. Bindal said to ensure quality control, more drug inspectors are being recruited. State drug controller Navneet Marwaha said that department is serious in quality control of drugs being manufactured in the state.\"In Baddi-Barotiwala-Nalagarh (BBN) area we have suspended seven licences while one has been cancelled permanently for violations. Similarly one license has been cancelled in Paonta Sahib too,\" he added. Marwaha said during check they have found 30 type of medicines to be of sub standard quality which includes those manufactured in other states too. \"On receiving the complaints especially cases where the content of certain ferrous salts was found higher, we serve the show cause notice to company,\" he said. He also claimed that in 27 cases they have submitted the challan in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14310684", "title": "Finmin babus take it easy, shredders work overtime", "text": "NEW DELHI: Upholstery is usually cleaned over the weekends in the finance ministry. But with several senior officers on leave or travelling, Tuesday turned out to be a busy day for the dry cleaners.After all, these days there are few meetings given that policy-making has virtually stalled with finance minister Pranab Mukherjee set to leave North Block for Rashtrapati Bhawan over the next few days.In any case, almost the entire brass of the economic affairs department, the ministry's policy hub, is missing. The department's secretary R Gopalan is in Mexico for the G-20 Summit, additional secretaries Saktikanta Das and Bimal Julka are also out and so is Thomas Mathew, joint secretary in-charge of capital markets.In contrast, the main corridor, which is occupied by the finance minister and his team of over half-a-dozen advisors and assistants is buzzing with activity. After all, there are visitors, mainly politicians and prominent representatives from two-three business houses who have been doing the rounds of North Block.But it is the shredders that have caught everyone's attention. For the last two days, the paper guzzlers have been working overtime. In fact the scale at which papers are being destroyed has even prompted the 50-man strong ministerial staff - who work in two shifts -- to borrow shredding machines from across the ministry.Chances are you may trip over a few sacks of shredded paper given the scale at which work is in progress. The frenetic pace of activity has raised curiosity of officers who are wondering how the ministerial staff came to possess so many documents.One explanation for the humongous pile of papers is the fact that Mukherjee presides over multiple group of ministers - ranging from 2G spectrum to food and oil. These papers, which are usually photocopied to ensure that there are back-ups, would not be required in Rashtrapati Bhawan.Besides, the FMO (finance minister's office) - an unheard of term till Mukherjee came to North Block -- has never been so large and it is quite possible that there are multiple sets of the same document, an officer reasoned.In the expenditure and revenue departments it's routine work. Finance secretary R S Gujral, for instance, took stock of Vodafone's threat to claim damages if the government raised a fresh tax demand. Similarly, groundwork for the group of minister's meeting on 2G spectrum, scheduled for Thursday, has kept several officers busy. Of course, there are a few files that are being rushed through before a new finance minister takes charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14310833", "title": "Technology needs to reach farmers, says Birsa varsity VC", "text": "RANCHI: Underlining importance of extension technology in maintaining sustainable agricultural development, Birsa Agriculture University vice-chancellor M P Pandey called upon the scientists and agriculture officers at Krishi Vigyan Kendra (KVK) to ensure that latest technology reaches the farmers field in far-flung regions.Addressing the 25th meet of extension education council here on Monday, he said the state managed record production of 65 lakh tonnes foodgrain in 2011-12 mainly because of good monsoon and technology that was made available to the farmers in far-flung regions. He stressed that in order to maintain productivity at similar standards even when climatic and soil conditions were not congenial, advanced technology comes as the only solution.\"Previous year saw increase in net sown area by around 17% which was possible because of good rainfall and technology extension and in order to ensure food security in state farmers in remote villages must be made aware of new technology to counter rainfall uncertainty and different types of plant diseases,\" he said. Pandey stressed that KVKs should not work in the same village or among same group of farmers for more than 2-3 years. \"They must venture into new villages and pick new group of farmers,\" he said. Pandey also suggested the extension officers to come up with an inclusive model in which every element of agriculture is demonstrated to attract the farmers.Director extension education R P Singh Ratan said without development of horticulture and animal husbandry, growth of agriculture in Jharkhand cannot be expected, especially when farming is largely dependant on rain water. \"Last year 4,098 front line demonstrations related to modern technology based grains, pulses, oilseeds and vegetables was carried out on 1,012 hectare region whereas the different KVKs in the state carried out 2,432 training programmes extending benefit to over 60,000 farmers in the state,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14309855", "title": "FIR against officer for 'raping' teacher", "text": "GURGAON: Following the directions of a city court, the Gurgaon police on Tuesday lodged an FIR against a Class 1 officer of the education department in Haryana who had allegedly been raping a woman teacher since 2005. The woman is currently placed as a junior basic teacher (JBT) in a government school of Faridabad district.The victim has mentioned in her complaint that back in 2005, where the nightmare began, she was working as a guest teacher and was scared of losing her job. The accused, Satbeer Singh Sherawat, was a block education officer (BEO) at that time. \"I was new and was scared about my career. So I didn't have the guts to complain against a BEO,\" the victim told TOI. But the exploitation and torture continued and the accused allegedly started beating up the woman as well. The junior teacher has complained that on April 28 this year things went out of hand when the accused accosted her at Rajiv Chowk in Gurgaon and threatened her regarding her job and went to the extent of threatening to kill her if she refused to act according to his wishes.Unable to bear any more harassment, the teacher approached the Gurgaon police to file a complaint. The police had ordered an inquiry but no action was taken. It was then that she approached the city court which on Tuesday directed the cops to file an FIR against the former BEO. \"We have lodged a complaint against Sherawat. Investigations are under way,\" confirmed Surendra Pal Singh, DCP (West). However, when contacted, the accused dismissed the allegations and said that the woman was trying to frame him. \"I am a Class 1officer in the education department and am currently posted in Chandigarh. This woman is making baseless allegations. I don't even know her well. In fact, a Gurgaon police officer is also involved in this smear campaign and he demanded Rs 7 lakh from me to settle the case. All accusations are false and this is just an attempt to malign me,\" said Sherawat, who is a resident of Shanti Nagar, Gurgaon. When TOI contacted education minister Geeta Bhukkal, she said she was not aware of such a complaint yet but promised to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "moradabad/new delhi", "code": "14313463", "title": "Mulayam Singh Yadav is BJP agent: Congress leader Rashid Alvi", "text": "MORADABAD/NEW DELHI: In comments that can fuel a controversy, Congress leader Rashid Alvi has described Mulayam Singh Yadav as the \"biggest agent\" of BJP at a time when the SP supremo's party is coming closer to the ruling alliance at the Centre.\"I don't know if you would like it or not but I have been saying it for the last 10 years that if there is anybody who is the biggest agent of BJP, it is Mulayam Singh Yadav. If anybody dances to the tunes of BJP, it is Mulayam Singh Yadav,\" Alvi, the Congress spokesperson, said addressing a public meeting last night in Moradabad.The remarks may fuel a controversy as they come at a time when Mulayam Singh Yadav has extended support to the UPA presidential candidate Pranab Mukherjee .The Congress was quick to distance itself from Alvi's comments.\"Party does not approve of this....the Congress has always been in favour of uniting all secular forces,\" AICC general secretary Janardhan Dwivedi said.When contacted, Alvi, however, downplayed his remarks, saying the comments were made at a public meeting at a time when municipal elections are on in the state and all political parties are attacking each other.\"It is election time in the state in which parties are making allegations against each other, SP is also making allegations against us. Elections are going on. The remarks were made at a public meeting. There is not much between the lines to be read,\" he said.SP dismisses Alvi's statement as baselessSenior Samajwadi Party leader Ram Gopal Yadav said he is not worth giving any importance.\"If a person turns mad and starts making all sorts of baseless statements, then I cannot comment on that\", he told reporters.To a question that despite SP supporting UPA, such statements mere being made against the party chief, Yadav said, \"He is not worth giving importance\".He said if a person becomes \"mad\", he should be referred for treatment.SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav refused to make a statement on the issue, saying he would not comment on such things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "14308866", "title": "Suicide bid foiled", "text": "KALYAN: A 30-year-old inmate of Adharwadi Jail attempted suicide by hanging himself with iron frames on Wednesday morning because the prison ward refused to admit him to a hospital as he was ill. Officials foiled his attempt and he was admitted to J J hospital in Mumbai.Prakash Ingloge, 30, hailing from Dombivli at Thane, has been behind bars since May 12 in connection with murder of his wife. He later himself tried to commit suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14316094", "title": "We are friends forever", "text": "Television stars Nandish Sandhu and Rashmi Desai met while working together in the tele-serial Uttaran and became friends, before tying the knot on Feb 12 this year.How we met We first met on the sets of our television show Uttaran. We had never met before that.Knowing he was 'the one' A girl always expects her guy to be soft-spoken, kind-hearted and humorous. And I realized that Nandish had it all. He was everything I had thought of and wanted in my life-partner. Of course, for quite a while I showed lot of attitude to him and we fought a lot, but then as time passed I didn't even realize that I had become addicted to Nandish. Whenever I had a day off from shooting I used to fight with him on BB messenger. But I am very happy that I found my prince charming in Nandish.Knowing she was 'the one' Rashmi and I were always fighting. In fact, we were the ones who fought the most during the initial days of the serial Uttaran. We never really got along but later we became friends. And with time we both realized that we could not stay apart from each other. We started missing each other when either one of us had a day off from shooting for our daily TV soap. I love to see her dance and would get lost whenever she danced. She had all the qualities to be the perfect wife. With time she started to help me out in everything and started to take care of me and that is when I realized that she was my dream girl.On our honeymoon After our marriage we had to re-join our shoot, so Rashmi and I did not get the time till date. But we are planning to go on our honeymoon very soon.Our mantra of a happy marriage Our mantra for success in a marriage is never to forget that we are best friends. We will always try to be that throughout our lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14308889", "title": "Cong reluctant to name PM candidate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Wednesday was reluctant to name its prime minister if UPA is voted back to power in 2014, saying it would be decided by the elected MPs.The Congress tied itself in knots when it faced queries about the party reaction to the tussle in NDA over who should be its PM candidate. Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar has demanded that NDA declare its candidate before the elections and that the person should have \"secular\" credentials.The twin conditions were a thinly veiled attack on Gujarat chief minister Narenrda Modi, and the statement has triggered a full blown war between the allies.Congress refused to be drawn into the debate, calling it the opposition combine's internal matter. But AICC spokesman Rashid Alvi went on to say that the debate in NDA was futile since UPA was set to be voted back to power as UPA-3.Asked if Manmohan Singh would be the PM in that case, Alvi pulled back. \"This is a hypothetical question. In our system, elected MPs decide their leader who becomes the PM.\" It led to persistent questioning but Alvi refused to budge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14309146", "title": "Trafficked girl rescued", "text": "NEW DELHI: A minor girl was rescued from south Delhi after she alleged that she was sexually and physically assaulted by a trafficker. The girl was produced before Child Welfare Committee, which asked Delhi Police to register a case. The 17-year-old girl is a native of Tony Soong village, Darjeeling. On Tuesday, she was rescued by cops and NGO Shakti Vahini from Vasant Gaon, where she was provided temporary shelter by a Nepali family. \"The girl was brought to Delhi four months ago on the pretext of marriage. The girl was being sexually and physically assaulted by the trafficker at Munirka,\" said the CWC order. \"To save her life, the girl ran away and was given protection by a family in Vasant Gaon,\" the order adds. CWC noted that the girl was duped by a friend who gave her the number of one Satyanarayan from Siliguri. \"According to the minor, her friend had given her the number of Satyanarayan. She left Darjeeling and went to Siliguri alone. After meeting Satyanarayan, they came to Delhi,\" the order said. \"The girl along with Satyanarayan was living in Munirka. After a week, Satyanarayan started exploiting her physically and sexually.\" the order further stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14310649", "title": "Congress criticises RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat", "text": "ALLAHABAD: At a meeting of Congressmen held on Wednesday, speakers criticised the statement of Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat wherein he had stated that prime minister of the country should be pan-Hindu.Congress leader Hardev Singh said the partition of the country took place in the wake of policies of the RSS and now it is once again trying to divide a secular country like India on religious lines by propogating the ideal of Hinduism. This would make a dent on the image of the country and sow seeds of division, he added.He warned that if the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and RSS would contest parliamentary elections under the leadership of a communal person like Narendra Modi they would meet the same fate as that of Hitler and his party. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "14312787", "title": "Shahid Afridi's ODI retirement talk surprises Pakistan cricket circles", "text": "KARACHI: Shahid Afridi's sudden announcement that he is contemplating one-day retirement to focus on Twenty20s has caught Pakistan's cricket fraternity by surprise and raised questions about what is happening behind the scenes in the national camp.Afridi took everyone by surprise when, on returning home from Sri Lanka after playing in the one-day series, he said he was thinking about retiring from ODIs and just playing T20 matches.\"I will be consulting my elders and seniors and will take a decision in next few days. But definitely If I feel I am not contributing to the team in ODIs I don't want to carry on doing nothing,\" Afridi told reporters at the airport.\"I also personally feel it is time for the selectors to try out more youngsters to prepare for the World Cup,\" Afridi said.The flamboyant all-rounder, who has already quit Test cricket, said he was disappointed with his performance in the in Sri Lanka.\"I thought that Sri Lanka played much better than us and we were not good enough. It is time for us to take more responsibility,\" he said.Afridi, however, declined to comment when asked about how Misbah-ul-Haq had led the side.\"This is not my domain, it is job of board and team management as far as captaincy is concerned so I don't want to comment on it,\" he said.Cricket experts are viewing Afridi's remarks in different ways with the general feeling being that the 31-year-old who was removed as captain of the one-day side last year after a dispute with the board is not comfortable and happy in the present team set-up.\"There is also a chance that Afridi might have sensed that the new coach Dav Whatmore is laying more stress on young players and wants to ease out the seniors slowly,\" one analyst said.But he pointed out that it is no secret that Afridi was disappointed when removed as captain after leading the side well.\"He was disappointed that he was not considered for the Twenty20 captaincy before the Sri Lanka and instead Mohammad Hafeez got appointed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14308612", "title": "Man alleges harassment for giving statement against senior", "text": "AJMER: A third grade employee of the Sanskrit education department staged a dharna in front of the office alleging harassment by the division inspector after the former gave witness against him in a sexual abuse inquiry.According to sources, a woman principal of Sanskrit College, Pushkar had filed a complaint against divisional inspector Vishnu Sharan Sharma for sexual harassment. On Tuesday, a team from Jaipur reached the town to inquire into the matter.Among those who were quizzed by the team in the case was Ganpat Singh, a third grade employee of the department. \"I told them (officials) what was right. Today, when I reached office I was harassed for giving a statement against Sharma,\" alleged Singh.Sharma, however, denied the charges and said Ganpat staged a protest without any reason. \"Yes, a team from Jaipur the day before, and also recorded my statement. The charges of sexual abuse are false,\" he claimed.Third grade employee of Sanskrit education department Ganpat Singh on Wednesday sat on dharna in front of office alleging harassment by education division inspector Vishnu Sharan Sharma for giving witness against him in a sexual abuse inquiry.The department called the police who detained Ganpat on the complaint of Sharma.According to sources a woman principal of Sanskrit Collage of Pushkar filed a complaint against the divisional inspector Sharma for sexual harassment and on Tuesday a team from Jaipur came to enquire the matter. \"The principal accused Sharma that he was keeping an eye on her since her first posting in 2007 and intentionally took her for long route on the name of inspecting Sanskrit institutions so that she have to stay a night away from her home\" said the complaint. She also alleged that Sharma called her regularly to his office and abuses her by signs and language.A team of two members from Maharaja Sanskrit collage of Jaipur consist of Lal Chand Sharma and Shalani Saxena came yesterday and took statement of the complainant and other witnesses. Annoyed by the harassment Ganpat came out from the office and sat on the dharna in front of the gate. He went to sleep in afternoon on the spot and the department called police who took Ganpat to clock tower police station.On other hand sources said that the department has violated Vishakha guidlnes of Supreme Court in which the investigation team should consist at least two women officials to investigate sexual abuse complaints.Just about two months ago, a railway employee Santosh burnt herself by pouring petrol on herself in divisional railway manager's office alleging no action on her complaint of sexual harassment by other employees. She died in hospital after some days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14314299", "title": "135th Lord Jagannath Rath yatra begins in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Lord Jagannath Rathyatra, began on Thursday morning from the 400-year-old Jagannath temple in Jamalpur area, amidst tight security arrangements.As per tradition, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , performed the 'Pahind Vidhi' of rathyatra (symbolic path cleaning on chariot of Lord Jagannath) after which the annual rathyatra of Lord Jagannath, Lord Baldev and their sister Devi Subhadra began.State chief minister also pulled the chariot of Lord Jagganath out of the temple premises, an age old tradition.\"After Puri, Ahmedabad's rathyatra in the country and world has turned out to be centre of attraction. Thousands of saints arrive in Gujarat to participate in this rathyatra,\" Modi told newsmen.\"I pray to Lord Jagannath that Gujarat which has been successful in attaining new heights of development with peace, unity and sadhbhavana should prosper and progress more with the lord's blessing,\" he said.\"On the occasion of rathyatra, I pray at Lord's feet that even this year the rains should be good during the monsoon,\" Modi said.The 14-km route of the procession will pass through communally sensitive localities in the city like Kalupur, Prem Darwaja, Delhi Chakla, Dariyapur and Shahpur, amidst robust security arrangements.Elaborate security arrangements have been made for the 135th rathyatra. Around 20,000 policemen including homegaurds, SRPs and paramilitary will be deployed on the entire 14-KM yatra route along with other security arrangements.For the first time GPS and hidden cameras will be used by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14309791", "title": "Can Dinesh Sharma overcome assembly poll reverses?", "text": "LUCKNOW: Just over two months after it witnessed a political Kumbh, the city is again in the grip of an election fever. As the day to elect the first citizen and representatives to the local civic body draws closer, candidates have upped the ante for a home run.The post of Lucknow's first citizen is definitely most significant among the 13 mayors across the state. This time there are 11 contenders in the fray to win the coveted chair. As campaigning peaks three days before the mayoral poll, TOI takes stock of the scenario.Congress versus BJP - The big battle: Outgoing BJP mayor Dinesh Sharma was unwilling to contest for the second term and so some stray names were tossed up. But with no worthy candidate in sight, the saffron party fell back on the tried and tested LU professor. Sharma's lack of interest was said to be because he wanted to contest Lok Sabha elections from Lucknow but could not resist mounting pressure and agreed to seek re-election. \"In my five years tenure, I worked with full honesty and dedication within the limited scope,\" said Sharma.However, Sharma's rivals are harping on anti-incumbency factor. \"If you want to change the city, change the mayor.\" Dr Neeraj Bora, Congress candidate, has been repeating this line everywhere during his campaign while pointing out that the city lacks basic services despite having majority of BJP corporators and mayor for last 15 years. While Dr SC Rai was mayor for two terms, Prof Sharma won last time to complete BJP's hattrick. Bora has released a six-page development plan for the city which he promises to implement after victory.Many feel that it would be tough for Sharma to retain the seat because in the assembly elections held earlier this year, the BJP could win only one out of five urban seats of Lucknow. The city was saffron party's bastion since 1991 and elected former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee for Lok Sabha five times till 2004. Also, between 1990 and 2012, BJP swept the assembly constituencies. However, decline began after the 2009 Lok Sabha poll when BJP's Lalji Tandon won with narrow margin defeating Congress's Rita Bahugana Joshi.However, while Sharma could face anti-incumbency, Bora has a challenge to remove the 'loser' tag. He contested assembly elections twice from Lucknow (2007 and 2012) and on both the occasion lost by close margins. The present election can be decisive for his political career. Political analyst say that apart from the respective vote bank of the two parties, individual popularity of the candidate would play a crucial role in the mayoral elections. Both the parties are leaving no stone unturned to win the confidence of the people.In 2006, after a tough fight, Prof Sharma had defeated Congress's Manzoor Ahmad, former IPS officer, by a margin of over 9,000 votes. Sharma had polled 2.21 lakh votes, while Ahmad 2.12 lakh. Madhu Gupta of the SP was third with 1.58 lakh votes. In 2009 Lok Sabha elections, the Congress had come second and SP - fourth. However, SP candidate had got substantial vote. The SP has decided not to contest mayoral poll, hence Congress and BJP are trying to grab maximum of SP's vote share.For the third corner: Other mayoral candidates are trying their best to make fight 'multi-cornered'. Chandra Kumar Chhabra, businessman and social worker is trying his luck with the support of traders' community and fellow social workers. He has been working for the cause of environment since long. \"Lucknow is known for its refined culture. But the culture doesn't reflect in the ambience of the city. There is no proper traffic management and garbage disposal system. Waterlogging makes life hell during monsoon season. I want to set all these things right,\" Chhabra told TOI.There are total 11 candidates in the fray. The lone female candidate Manju Sharma is also a social worker. \"If given a chance to serve as a mayor, I would bridge the gap between the common man and the mayor,\" she said. Janata Party candidate Avtaar Shankhdhar is a lawyer and promises to ensure that people of the city get their due for which they pay taxes. Another candidate, Col (retd) MC Jaiswal promises to make the city green and make serious efforts to save river Gomti from pollution. The Peace Party of India candidate, Mohd Raees, also promises 'a clean and better Lucknow' in comparison to what it is today. He has also added the glamour quotient to the election campaign by inviting actor Zeenat Aman to campaign in his favour. The actor said that Raees was a genuine individual who wants to work for the cause of the common man.(With inputs from Asmita Pandey and Priyangi Agarwal)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14307880", "title": "Nagpur Improvement Trust plans a 'small town' near Jamtha", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking first step towards developing the metro region, Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) has prepared a plan for what could be a small town near Jamtha. The scheme will come up on 1,000 hectares on outer ring road and contain all basic amenities.Chairman of NIT Pravin Darade told TOI that the scheme was first of its kind in entire state. \"Plans like these have been implemented in Ahmedabad. The scheme will cover five villages-Kirmiti, Khadka, Sumthana, Panjara, and Shivmadka situated near Jamtha. Consent of around 500 land owners and villages has been taken. The plan is ready and will be sent for approval to the state government within three months. The scheme may increase the value of land by almost ten times when fully complete,\" he said.Superintending engineer Sunil Gujjalwar said the land owners will benefit. \"NIT will provide all basic amenities including 12-metre or wider roads, water, sewage lines, gardens, streetlights etc. NIT will keep 40% of the land for amenities and remaining 60% will be with owners. The value of the land with the owners will automatically increase due to availability of basic amenities in the area. The owners may develop layouts or construct flat schemes etc. The scheme will be well connected to outer ring road. NIT is also planning to go for widening of outer ring road on this stretch from existing 60-80 metres to 150 metres,\" he said.The specialty of the scheme will be development in a proper manner that too in hassle-free atmosphere. The owners will not be required to go for changing user of land from agriculture to non-agriculture. Besides, the NIT itself is developing the scheme, so no question of authenticity, permission etc.NIT hopes scheme will be the first landmark of metro region. The development of metro region in proper manner would ease the rising congestion in the city and also accommodate the ever-increasing population. NIT is also preparing the development plan of entire metro region. The draft plan is likely to be ready by December. It will finalize the plan after inviting suggestions and objections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14308808", "title": "Rachna left home for Pandit, he was tired of double life", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was a case of infatuation and subsequent over-possessiveness that ended in a brutal murder. Rachna, who was butchered by her lover, Umakant Pandit, had left her husband and kids to live with him. But when she became \"too demanding\", Pandit bumped her off. Married young, Rachna took up a job to support her disabled husband, said her parents. They claim her husband often threatened her that he would sell her off for money to a man for Rs 70,000. Her mother, Dharmvati Devi, said, \"She was married when she 18. Her husband, Banarsi Das, didn't earn his living and Rachna took care of household expenses from the salary she earned. She has a son and a daughter whom she abandoned and went to live with Pandit. She told us that she married him in a temple.\" Police said initially Pandit and Rachna were friends and gradually they grew close. Her mother alleged that one day Rachna found out that her husband had accepted Rs 50,000 for her from a man. She then left the house and severed all contact with her husband. She then went to live with Pandit, who arranged for a house for her in Sector 2, Rohini. Additional DCP P Karunakaran said Pandit kept his wife and family in the dark about this relationship. \"He was bearing all her expenses beside those of his wife and two daughters. Initially, all was well but soon juggling two lives became difficult for Pandit as Rachna's demands grew by the day. Of late, Rachna had started asking him to abandon his family and stop meeting his wife and children,\" said a senior cop. Cops said the neighbours saw Pandit go in and out of the house on Tuesday. \"When a team led by inspector Anil made inquiries, the neighbours said flat number 797 that was generally quiet, was abuzz with activity on Tuesday,\" said a cop. \"It was due to Pandit and Sumit going in and out of the house at least four times. The accused also tried being professional in committing the murder and even wore gloves to avoid leaving any fingerprints. However, swift police action led to the accused's arrest within hours of the murder.\" Cops say they are yet to recover the murder weapon and suspect Umakant probably strangled Rachna with his hands. They were also probing if the body had been cut into two to fit inside the suitcase as they had only recovered half of the burnt body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14309962", "title": "Plan panel to UP: Create 30 million jobs by 2025", "text": "LUCKNOW: A month after participating in a stakeholder consultation for implementing the manufacturing component of the 12th Five Year Plan, Planning Commission member Arun Maira has written to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , enlisting his support for developing UP in tandem with the rest of India. Maira has also said he would be happy to assist UP in boosting manufacturing and developing an industrial plan for the state.Emphasising the need for UP to grow in tandem with the national goal, Maira has also advised the state to create 30 million jobs by 2025 by using key strategies like taking a new approach to the industrial policy-buying from stakeholders and a detailed focus on implementation and Learning. Maira has also highlighted the need for UP to improve its institutional capacity.Incorporating several suggestions and demands made by panelists and industry members during the day-long stakeholders' meeting, Maira has also suggested policy interventions like the need for an effective mechanism for revival or closure of unviable industrial units in the state. Among other issues Maira has also raised the industry bodies' demand for increasing the threshold limit in Factory Act to 25 people from the current 10 people.Additional suggestion made by Maira in his letter to the CM include introducing vocational programmes to give an impetus to industry; he has also suggested that there was a need for avoiding taxes that render state units distinctively anti-competitive. Taking up the cause of manufacturing in UP, Maira has also said there was a need to have more institutes that specialise in research in specific areas of manufacturing in different sectors.On May 16, Maira made a detailed presentation of the country-wide manufacturing plan, outlining strategies for accelerating the growth of the manufacturing sector in India during the 12th Plan period and beyond. He has also said the Planning Commission would give feedback to states on the basis of their competitiveness and their performance vis-a-vis other states in the country so that states like UP could assess their performance over the years. This would also, he said, allow states to identify areas where they slipped and others where they did well.May's stakeholders meet followed a result of a key change in India's Manufacturing Plan document, which emphasised the need for a widely consultative and inclusive approach to prepare the manufacturing industry roadmap under the Twelfth Plan. In continuation of this agenda, while outlining the immediate steps for implementing the plan, the document also said, among other things, introduced the \"Take the plan to the States\" initiative, because much of the implementation of the Manufacturing Plan will be in the states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14310467", "title": "Fear of stigma forces gay students to live in quiet desperation", "text": "CHENNAI: Aswath is a final year BTech student. But, unlike other students his age, he has no friends on campus. \"A year after I joined college, people realised I am gay,\" he says, \"Most people don't talk to me.\" The 19-year-old moved out of the hostel after he was sexually abused. But he didn't dare reach out to college authorities for help. \"My college is so strict that cultural programmes are not allowed because officials feel they are against traditional values,\" he says.Many homosexual students like Aswath lead lives of quiet desperation. \"They won't come out in the open for fear of stigma,\" says Dr Fatima Vasanth, principal and secretary, Madras School of Social Work. \"They are an invisible population and no university or college reaches out to them.\"In a society that still hesitates to speak about sex, lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) students find themselves without a support system. Even teachers are biased. \"With no parental support, many drop out and wind up on the streets,\" says Kalki Subramaniam, founder of Sahodari Foundation, which works with transgenders.\"I faced a lot of harassment in high school and college. Other children wouldn't play with me in school and I was beaten up in college,\" says Jaya, general manager of Sahodaran, a male sexual health project. \"I completed my BCom in college but did an MA by correspondence.\"NGOs and youngsters are trying to address the issue, creating support centres on college campuses. Last year, Chennai Dost, a support group for gay and bisexual men, established the Chemistry Club on 11 campuses in the city. \"Colleges in Western countries have support systems for LGBT students,\" says Vikranth Prasanna, founder of Chennai Dost. \"They help young people deal with issues of coming out and campus harassment.\" The LGBT Centre at the University of Pennsylvania in the US, for instance, encourages people in the university to be sensitive to LGBT students and advocates non-discrimination.\"We also provide support to LGBT students though a peer mentoring programme,\" says Bob Schoenberg, director of the centre.Here, the Chemistry Club serves that function, says Prasanna. \"These are unofficial clubs that have an online and offline presence. We have established one each in Coimbatore, Vellore and Madurai,\" he says.Groups of three to five students in each campus connect with other students who need help. \"We help them find friends and assist them in case they face homophobic incidents,\" says Prasanna.Initiatives like these are being taken up across the country.In July 2011, Nivvedan, a student of IIT-Bombay, established Saathi, a support group for LGBT people.\"There are no institutional bodies to help students cope with their sexuality,\" Nivvedan says. \"LGBT students cannot discuss their sexual orientation due to fear of ridicule.\" Saathi has a Google group.\"Students can send in membership requests. If they want to talk in private, they can mail us,\" says Nivvedan. Some faculty members have been supportive but the group also faced opposition. \"Parents called up the university and complained,\" he says.This is an issue that cannot be ignored, activists say. \"Adolescence is a crucial stage when youngsters come to terms with their sexuality,\" says Sunil Menon, founder of Sahodaran. \"They have the pressure of making career choices and should not face the added stress of being targeted because they are gay.\"Educational institutions can help by introducing topics on sexuality and gender and taking strict measures against harassment, he adds.At the all-India level, Tamil Nadu has been at the forefront of change. A few years ago, Madras University issued a directive asking affiliated colleges to admit transgender students.Prasanna says colleges and universities are becoming sensitive. \"Officials of a deemed university recently approached us as they wanted to conduct a programme to make their faculty members aware of the needs of gay students,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14308625", "title": "Anti corruption bureau searches Jaipur Dairy", "text": "JAIPUR: In a surprise check, a team of the anti corruption bureau (ACB) searched the white butter section of the Jaipur Dairy on Wednesday. The search came after reports said authorities of the dairy were purportedly involved in purchasing white butter from Maharashtra and Karnataka and ignored the local manufacturers from the state.Officials of the ACB visited the section where white butter is manufactured as 'Desi Ghee' and took samples of it to be tested in the laboratory.\"Our team was at Jaipur Dairy to find out the reason why white butter was purchased from other states and whether the local dairies are being ignored in the purchasing process by the dairy officials. We will also investigate if the manufacturing of the ghee is following the quality standards,\" Umesh Mishra, IG (ACB) said.He further said it would also be investigated if the amount of fatty acid in the manufacturing ghee is as per the standards. \"Our team will also probe if there is anomaly in the stock registered in the records and the actual stock available,\" Mishra added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14311189", "title": "Enough water despite dry spell: BMC", "text": "MUMBAI: The dry spell continued in the city on Wednesday even as the BMC said there was enough stock in the lakes for water supply to last till July 15.Weather officials said it would take another two to three days for the monsoon to revive.Meanwhile, with the rains playing truant, the government has set the ball rolling on drawing up a contingency plan to deal with any eventuality.Chief secretary J K Banthia has directed officials at the district level to identify chronic areas and prepare an inventory of machinery to be put on standby . Officials are also critical of the weather department, saying the monsoon predictions were wrong.After Sunday's downpour, the city has recorded negligible rainfall in the last three days. The India Meteorological Department (IMD) said the monsoon was yet to revive. \"The monsoon is subdued . This situation is expected to last another two-three days. There has not been any movement in the northern limit of the monsoon,\" said N Y Apte, deputy director general, IMD, Mumbai.The west coast trough, from northern Maharashtra to Kerala, has weakened and so have the accompanying winds. The trough now extends from Karnataka to Kerala. It will take about three days for an active trough to build and form rain-bearing clouds, said a Met update.The typhoon around South China Sea is unlikely to affect the south-west monsoon, including the rains in Mumbai , said Apte. This year, the onset of the monsoon was delayed by a week. The normal arrival date in Mumbai is June 10.Meanwhile, the BMC said the water situation was under control. \"There is nothing to worry about for the time being as the catchment areas around the lakes have received some rainfall. The situation is normal. The water stock in the lakes will last till July 15,\" said a senior hydraulic department official.Temperatures recorded at the two observation stations\u2014Colaba and Santa Cruz\u2014on Wednesday were on the higher side. While Colaba recorded a maximum of 33 degrees Celsius, Santa Cruz registered 32.6 degrees Celsius. The relative humidity was 72% at Colaba and 67% at Santa Cruz. Since June 1, Colaba has received 70.1mm of rainfall and Santa Cruz 138.6mm.\"Some amount of water is kept as reserve over and above the lake level. This can be used during emergencies,\" the official said. \"Once it starts raining properly, the water level in the lakes will rise and there will be more than enough stock for the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14309274", "title": "Govt sounds alert on dengue", "text": "NEW DELHI: The dengue threat looming large over the city is now showing up. As many as 12,000 house and office premises in the city have been reported to have heavy mosquito breeding till date, the state health department confirmed on Wednesday. Last year, mosquito breeding was found at 7,653 premises during the corresponding period. Three cases of dengue have already been reported. A senior official said the report is based on field checks done by the directorate of national vector borne disease control programme from February to June. \"Dengue cases reported so far are the same as reported last year yet there is strong need to be cautious keeping %in view of the growing incidence of mosquito breeding,\" said A K Walia, Delhi health minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14309816", "title": "Upset with family, PCS officer's daughter shoots herself", "text": "LUCKNOW: The teenage daughter of a PCS officer shot herself at her Picnic Spot Road residence in Indiranagar on Wednesday morning. The victim was identified as Madhu, 17, daughter of Prabhunath Verma, a resident of Bhagautipuram Sector 12 on Picnic Spot Road. She was a student of class XII in Central Academy.Madhu's father was recently transferred to Ramabai Nagar as chief development officer. Madhu, along with her mother Archana, looked after a jewellery shop, 24 Carat, in Wave Mall.Prabhunath Verma said Madhu shot herself from his .32-bore licensed revolver. The bullet hit Madhu on the left side of the chest.The family members took Madhu to Ram Manohar Lohiya Hospital but doctors declared her dead upon arrival.Indiranagar police said the reason behind the suicide was not known.No suicide note was found, though some SMSs sent by Madhu to a male friend on Tuesday night revealed that she was upset over some family problem.Similarly, some SMSs sent by Madhu to her elder brother Mukesh also hinted that she was upset over a dispute between him and their parents. Mukesh is said to be undergoing a rehabilitation programme at a hospital in Indiranagar.An SMS she sent to her friend, who is the nephew of a hotel owner of Gomtinagar, read: \"I am fed up with my family, either kill him or I will kill me.\" In reply to the SMS, the youth said: \"What is this stupidity\".The police said after this the boy probably had stopped replying to Madhu's SMS. The last SMS sent by Madhu was at 1.34am on Wednesday, station officer Indiranagar Taufeeq Ahmed said.He added that she also attempted to call at the boy's mobile at 4.35am but the call was not answered.The SMSs Madhu exchanged with her friend and brother hint that she was apparently fed up with her family problems, the SO said, and added this could probably be the reason behind Madhu committing suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14310770", "title": "Madrassa makes Muslim women self-reliant", "text": "VARANASI: Family troubles forced Sharmeen Ansari (19) to quit studies after completing her intermediate. However, her dream of becoming an interior designer is still intact as she proudly showcases the handmade interior decorative items made by her. And, she has further dreams to prepare curtains, pillows and matching handmade artefacts with plaster of Paris and stone.Similarly, Shabnam (15) a school drop out and a native of Pilikothi area, is of the opinion that she could lend a helping hand to her family business as well as make money with her creative skill of dress designing. On the other hand, Tasneem (14) has already decided that she would become a computer engineer.The phrase 'dreamers cannot be tamed' best describes the courage of hundred of women like them living in a densely-populated Muslim area of Chhitanpura who had just received professional training of various job-oriented courses at a vocational training camp organised by Bahrul Uloom Madarsa (an Islamic seminary) at Chhitanpura area.It is notworthy that this was the eighth annual summer training programme organised by the seminary and thousands of girls and women have already benifitted from the free of cost programme which started on May 20 and culminated on Wednesday.Several courses like interior designing, dress designing, art and craft works, zari zardogi, bag making, mehendi, tailoring, embroidery, wood art, glass painting, pottery, diya and matka decoration and painting were held on the occasion. Apart from this, there were several levels of computers as well language courses.According to Shalina Khanam, computer teacher, number of girls in computer courses is increasing year after year. \"Most of the girls who attended the classes were already familiar with basics, while there were also a group of women who did not know how to hold a mouse and now they can work on operating system which has boosted their confidence to study the subject at advanced level,\" she informed.Interestingly, Mehzabeen, mother of two kids, who dropped out from school about eight years back, has fulfilled her dream of learning English speaking during the training programme. \"I am happy, I can brush up my basics, English speaking is necessary at all levels, I can at least attend the parent-teacher meeting of my kids who are going to an English medium school,\" she shared.Said Haji Mukhtar Ahmed, general secretary of the seminary, \"Launched with 120 girls in 2005, the strength in the training programme is now 582. More and more girls and women who sit at home after completing school or basic education and even those who have never been able to attend basic education are coming forward to learn a work of art and job oriented works.\"According to Ahmed, the idea behind the vocational training programme is to add feathers to the dreams of hundreds of women. It aims at providing social and financial strength to women.\"Since most of the families of the area do not allow women to work out of the house, girls after getting training for one month start their own 'work from home' venture by making hand bags, purses, artificial jewelleries, zari and zardozi works in sarees and earn a good amount of money as they receive a certificate during the training.On the other hand, most of the girls enroll themselves repeatedly in various courses to grasp the basics and impart training to other girls in different localities of the area.Some girls have already started computer job and earn as compositor at few places,\" he added. He said opportunities are also provided to girls so that their articles can be displayed at various handicarft and handloom stores of the city.The training programme culminated with an exhibition of prepared articles by trained girls at the madrssa premises on Monday. A prize and certificate distribution ceremony was also held to praise the talent of these girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14309725", "title": "12-year-old boy prevents robbery", "text": "PANCHKULA: Two days after a six-year-old Panchkula boy foiled his kidnapping, another 12-year-old city boy bravely prevented robbery at his Sector 10 residence around 11am on Wednesday. Shivam, a Class VII student, was in the bath when he heard the screams of his mother and sister and saw a youth pointing a pistol at their maid's head. Without wasting a minute, he scaled a wall in their backyard and called neighbours. Soon afterwards, the police was called and the miscreant nabbed.Incharge of Sector 10 police post Balwant Singh said, \"Prabha Thakur, the house owner, was talking to a scrap dealer outside her residence. When she was going inside her house, the youth pushed her in and entered the house. He then pointed a pistol at Vaishali, her daughter, who was present there. Scared, the mother-daughter duo shoved him and locked themselves in a room.\" Their help, Pratibha, who was working in the kitchen, came out when she heard the two screaming. On seeing him, she hid herself under the kitchen sink, but the youth noticed her and pointed the gun towards her.\"When Shivam, who was in the bath, heard the noise, he stealthily came out. On seeing the gun-trotting youth, he went out through the rear gate, scaled a wall and raised an alarm,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14310094", "title": "3 DMDK men held for faking documents", "text": "CHENNAI: Central crime branch (CCB) sleuths arrested three DMK cadres, Palani, 38, of Ashok Nagar, Nagarajan, 52, and M K Raja, 52, allegedly for preparing fake documents and selling property worth Rs 5 crore to individuals. Police have launched a hunt for 10 more accused in connection with the case. Based on the complaint of one Radhakrishnan, CCB police registered a case and arrested them. The three accused were remanded in judicial custody after being produced before a magistrate court in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14310898", "title": "Foreigners protest in China over custodial death", "text": "BEIJING: Hundreds of foreigners on Tuesday protested in the South China city of Guangzhou over the death of a Nigerian in police custody. Some of them pelted stones at police, postings in Chinese websites said.The Beijing-based ambassador of Nigeria rushed to Guangzhou and discussed the matter with local authorities. An investigation into the custodial death has been ordered. Nigeria, like other African countries, shares close ties with China.The Nigerian was brought to a police station following an altercation over fare with the driver of an electric bicycle used for ferrying passengers. \"They were taken to the police station, but the foreigner fell into a coma and died,\" said a police statement. The incident took place in Guangzhou's Yuexiu district on Monday.\"We will investigate the case and make our findings public,\" a police officer in Yuexiu district said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14311172", "title": "Accountant general reports put local bodies in dock", "text": "PATNA: There were several instances misappropriation of funds in at least 95 of the 115 urban local bodies in 2009-10 due to lack of effective or strong internal control mechanism. The state's panchayati raj bodies also witnessed similar mismanagement of finances.These and other such instances have been brought on record in two separate reports of the examiner of local accounts (ELA) of the office of Accountant general (AG), which were submitted to the state government on Monday by deputy AG Atul Prakash.Prakash said advances worth Rs 104.18 crore were lying unadjusted or unrecovered in panchayati raj bodies. On the other hand, 18,705 works involving advances of Rs 201.93 crore remained incomplete due to lack of monitoring and supervision. None of the panchayati raj bodies, covered by the ELAs, prepared their annual accounts. Nor had panchayat samitis and gram panchayats prepared their budgets.The panchayati raj bodies were either not maintaining or maintaining but not properly the basic records/registers like government grant register, loan register, loan appropriation register, advance ledger, deposit ledger, register of outstanding advances, register of works and assets register, among others.The result has been shocking. Says the report, \"The panchayati raj institutions did not take follow up action on the audit reports issued to them due to which the irregularities pointed out in the audit reports remained unchecked. Up to 2008-09, as many as 65,061 paras in respect of 4,165 audit reports involving money value of Rs 371.16 crore remained outstanding for compliance.\"The urban local bodies did not fare any better: \"Of the 95 urban local bodies test-checked, 32 did not prepare budget estimates. Without preparation of budget estimates, 28 urban local bodies incurred expenditure of Rs 46.06 crore and expenditure figure of four urban local bodies could not be ascertained.\"In the situation, advances amounting to Rs 41.63 crore, granted to 52 urban local bodies during 2008-09 and Rs 20.63 crore to 28 urban local bodies during 2009-10 for various purposes, remained unadjusted.Besides, the state government was deprived of revenue worth Rs 18.78 crore due to non-deposit of education and health cess in government accounts by 62 urban local bodies. On the other hand, both either due to non-imposition of education and health cess or its imposition at a lower rate, the loss incurred by 10 urban local bodies and the state government was Rs 24.4 lakh and Rs 2.18 crore, respectively.Tax collectors, tax 'darogas', cashiers and accountants in 75 urban local bodies either failed to deposit or short-deposited in government accounts Rs 2.07 crore collected as tax, fees and other miscellaneous revenue. Casual workers were paid Rs 10.38 crore by 53 urban local bodies despite ban on engagement of workers on daily wages. In 17 urban local bodies, PF deductions amounting to Rs 1.18 crore were not deposited in individual PF accounts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "14308740", "title": "Demolish illegal constructions around Sonar Fort: Collector", "text": "JAISALMER: The additional district collector has given directions for demolishing illegal constructions around the Sonar Fort on the orders of the district collector. Nearly 22 illegal constructions were going on within a limit of 200 metres of the 827-year-old fort, which is one of the few living forts of the world.People have been constructing at will near the fort recently posing a threat to its existence. The demolition orders have come after a long wait and it is the maiden initiative by the district administration towards preserving the fort.A committee has been formed to remove and demolish unauthorized constructions in the banned area of Sonar Fort. The committee includes SDM, deputy SP and commissioner of municipality of Jaisalmer as its members. Assistant conservator, Archaeological Survey of India, has given a list of illegal constructions going on in banned area to the committee, he said.However, the pitching wall that was destroyed due to heavy rains about 10 months ago has not yet been repaired. With the monsoon round the corner, if the wall is not repaired soon, it could be ruinous for the fort. District collector Shuchi Tyagi has apprised chief secretary CK Mathew of the present condition of the fort but in vain.Even the authority for conservation and maintenance works of the fort has not been constituted yet. With the delay in constitution of the authority, the work of maintenance of the fort has been stalled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14307754", "title": "Sharad Pawar slapper may now target Kapil Sibal, IB issues alert", "text": "NEW DELHI: This 27-year-old man has strange goals in life. After slapping two high-profile politicians last year, Rohini boy Harvinder Singh is now planning to slap a third minister, in the name of increasing corruption and price rise. Times of India has learnt that Intelligence Bureau has issued a general alert that Harvinder Singh, who had slapped former telecom minister Sukhram and Union minister Sharad Pawar within a span of five days in November 2011, might slap Human Resource and Development (HRD) minister Kapil Sibal at a public function.Sources say that he might be backed by some organisation to do the same. Following the alert, sources said, a team of IB officials also visited Harvinder Singh on Wednesday at his residence and spoke to him about his plan.Talking to Times of India over phone on Wednesday, Harvinder Singh said, \"Yes, I want to slap Kapil Sibal. I am waiting for an opportunity\". He also confirmed that IB officials met him on Wednesday.IB has reportedly informed Delhi Police about the alert and has asked the police to take precautions. However, sources said that IB alert is general in nature and only concerned units have been verbally informed that Kapil Sibal might be slapped by Arvinder Singh. Following the alert, the New Delhi Police and other units of police is keeping a close watch on movements of Harvinder Singh. Subsequently, Kapil Sibal's programs are being kept secret because Singh follows the news to know about the movements of the minister, said source.A senior Delhi Police officer claimed that \"He (Singh) is mentally unstable and keeps on making such claims but we won't take any chances\".In 2011, on November 23, Harvinder Singh first slapped and kicked ex-telecom minister Sukhram at a Delhi court just after latter was sentenced to five years imprisonment in connection with the corruption case dating back to 1996. The incident had invited lot of media attention. On November 23, 2011, Singh slapped Sharad Pawar at the NDMC centre, while the minister was leaving the premises.Harvinder Singh had been detained by police and jailed overnight after the incident and investigators had found that he was not mentally unfit. Singh was even moved to Institute of Human Behaviour and Allied Sciences (IHBAS) in Shahdara. Investigators had also tried to find out whether any group was behind his acts because there were reports that he takes money for these things but nothing concrete has been established yet.After the previous two attacks by Singh, he had claimed in an interview to Times of India earlier this year that he was kidnapped and beaten up by goons on several occasions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14315956", "title": "Jayam Ravi act as transgender in Aadhi Bhagwan", "text": "If the reports we hear is right, Jayam Ravi will be seen in two get-ups in Aadhi Bhagwan.Sources say that he is playing a transgender in this Ameer directed film. It may be mentioned here that Raghava Lawrence had Sarath Kumar as a transgender in Kanchana and this role went on to become a huge hit.Looks like Ameer and Jayam Ravi has drawn inspiration from the Raghava Lawrence's Kanchana.Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14308643", "title": "Varsity to go for high-level probe into fake mark-sheets", "text": "BHOPAL: Deciding to strike at the root cause to deal with the problem of fake mark-sheets, Barkatullah University will recommend a comprehensive high-level inquiry to look into the matter. The decision to this effect comes after the detection of yet another fake mark-sheet on Wednesday. The authorities have come across 354 fake mark-sheets in the past two years so far.Says BU registrar, Sanjay Tiwari, \"We will recommend the high-level inquiry to investigate the case.\" The university has initiated several measures to detect such cases, he claims. The mark-sheets and degrees provided by the university have special features which can not replicated. \"This helps us detect the fake documents, he asserts.The biggest ever racket of fake mark-sheet was busted in 2010 in the department of post-graduate diploma in computer application (PGDCA). Since then, the university has started uploading details of the mark-sheet on its web portal whenever it comes across such incident. In the latest incident on Wednesday, the BU detected a B Sc marks-sheet issued in 2009 by a college in Sironj of Vidisha district. \"We caught a mark-sheet presented by a student, Senma Bharat Kumar with the roll number 624538. The college name mentioned on the mark-sheet is LBS Sironj,\" an official of the university, on the condition of anonymity, said. The mark-sheet mentioned the enrolment number B-12549.The official added that Kumar presented the mark-sheet in Rajkot. \"A complaint was registered against Kumar in Rajkot. \"A police team presented the mark-sheet to BU for verification. After verifying the details, it was realised that the mark-sheet was fake. We have informed the police team about the status of the mark-sheet,\" official said.As for the action against the college which issues such mark-sheets, the registrar says, \"Colleges the names of which are found on the mark-sheet will have to make their stand clear. We can't ignore such institutions.\" Once found for its involvement in fake mark-sheet, a college can even lose its affiliation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14308121", "title": "Euro 2012: Is England finally waking from its slumber?", "text": "When Sweden blew a one-goal lead to hand England a 3-2 victory the other night - their second defeat in as many games - Erik Hamen, the rookie Swedish coach, expounded one of the oldest truisms in competitive sport. \"The really good teams create their own luck through skill,\" he said, adding sagely, \"And we're not quite there yet.\"Hamen may have made the observation about England and it's interesting to see how the description sits with them. Against Ukraine, England were lucky that the 'ghost goal' - one that everybody but the referee sees - wasn't haunting them this time.Instead, John Terry was flying in to scoop out Marko Devic's effort after the ball had well crossed the goal line, and there was no moral outrage at the injustices of football.Despite Joe Hart's continued shakiness in the England goal, for a change, there wasn't a ball slipping in from under his splayed form either. All of a sudden, with all the luck at their disposal (something that has eluded them after 1966), this then was a really good team on show. Or was it?Habitually, England are the most-talked of teams before and after a major football tournament. In an Anglophile world, the volume of the noise can be staggering. It has managed to influence other footballing cultures and dialects - the hype is so believable, that you write off England at your own peril.It has mattered little that the hype has seldom met with substance. The uncomfortable truth is that despite their traditional heavyweight presence, in a changed footballing world order, an England team's skill sets are always under debate. In all the noise, the quality of football has never been addressed.Apart from the commercial success of the Premiership, what has also added to the confusion is the parading of David Beckham - arguably the world's most overrated sportsman - as a footballer of high skill and technical finesse for over a decade.It is only proper then that England arrived at this Euro almost unnoticed. In all the wartime-like commentary that still accompanies their games, a different England seems to be emerging. When French defender Patrice Evra pointed out after their opening draw that \"England played like Chelsea\", he was only articulating what Roy Hodgson and his men may have understood about the best way to survive. In another time, such un-Englishness would have been blasphemy.Today, it works. England are winning, and looking good for a game or two more. The simple truth is, if Chelsea can win the Champions League, anything can happen.It is largely felt that Hodgson works best with teams of limited means. Either he makes good teams limited, paring down their ability and crucially, the expectations around them, or he is quick to recognize the lack of depth in a team. Either way, the mentality infused by the last-minute replacement to Fabio Capello appears to be the antidote to England's historical ills.Opinion had always been divided over the impact of foreign influence on the Premiership - did the presence of too many foreigners kill the archetypal English footballer? Maybe they were slow to pick it up, but today, two decades since the inception of EPL, it is possible that the inventiveness and technical nuances seem to be rubbing off on England's young footballers led by Danny Welbeck and Ashley Young .As their highly-hyped and hugely-misfiring golden generation slinks off into the sunset, there could finally be a new dawn - however much-delayed - for English football. And who better than a taciturn, seasoned schoolmaster to herd them in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14311061", "title": "Bike-borne thieves rob shopkeeper of Rs 70,000", "text": "KANPUR: In a crime incident committed in broad day-light, two motorcycleborne miscreants, looted a footwear shop owner of cash worth Rs 70,000 in the Kakadeo police area here on Wednesday. Police have registered a case and started investigations.According to police, the victim identified as Anil Kumar Srivastava, a resident of B block Gujaini, who owns a footwear shop in Moolgaj area, was deprived of cash soon after he came out of Punjab national bank in Kakadeo area, on Wednesday afternoon. Sources informed that earlier he had withdrawn a sum of Rs 40,000 from Canara bank and nearly Rs 30,000 from Punjab national bank and was on his way back home on a two-wheeler.Two bike-borne miscreants, waylaid the trader and snatched a bag containing cash worth Rs 70,000. Interestingly, the incident took place near a policepicket and in full public view. He reported the incident to police. Cops arrived at the site and initiated a probe.\"The victim had visited couple of banks for transaction, from where the accused had probably followed him\", cops added. Elsewhere, an unidentified man was run over by a speeding vehicle in Chakeri area of the city here on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14307115", "title": "Three held for stealing funds", "text": "MAPUSA: The Pernem police have arrested three persons for misappropriation of funds allotted by the government for a school building in Parsem-Pernem. The government in 2009 had allotted 18 lakh from the infrastructure development fund for the Durga high school in Parsem. The high school committee was supposed to build the new building for additional classrooms and other needs of the school, with the funds. However, even after the funds were released, no building was constructed by the committee. An activist later complained to the police about it and as the matter was not taken seriously, the activist later approached the court.Upon the directions of the court, police registered a case of misappropriation of the amount against the school's managing committee. On Tuesday evening, the Pernem police arrested Tukaram Ramji from Pasrem-Pernem, Avinash Palyekar from Pernem and Vithu Pednekar from Ucassaim. Police have registered the case and started investigations to unearth the possible scam.The main accused on whose name the transactions were made, Ramnath Sawant, has applied for anticipatory bail. Pernem police said that they are investigating deeper into the case and are collecting more evidence. Sawant, according to the police, was not even in the committee of the school and still made all the transactions in his name. They further informed that they have recorded the statements of the committee members of the school, and more arrests are likely in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14307596", "title": "Turtle at Morjim gets new lease of life", "text": "PANAJI: An Olive Ridley turtle was rescued at Morjim beach after it was entangled in a fishing net cast by some traditional fishermen on Wednesday afternoon.Rescuers from International animal rescue (IAR), an Assagao-based NGO, rushed to the site after receiving a call and freed the flippered amphibian. \"It was in a dehydrated condition and had cuts on its flippers,\" a source said.The number of Olive Ridley turtles rescued during the last few days has gone up to three. But the recent rescues have one odd turtle out, a Hawksbill sea turtle, which was found in nets by traditional fishermen at Mandrem beach on Monday morning.Forest department sources said this may have been the first sighting on Goa's shores. Olive Ridleys are regular visitors during the season for nesting while green turtles are sporadically seen.One of the three Olive Ridley turtles rescued was also found at Mandrem in a separate fishing net almost the same time as the Hawksbill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14311601", "title": "Will city bus stand be relocated?", "text": "MYSORE: The city bus stand (CBS) is sought to be shifted. It could either be relocated to JK Grounds attached to Mysore Medical College and Research Institute or to a six-acre plot where RMC Market was housed. Both of these places are located next to railway station.Three years after the CBS was rebuilt with funding from the Centre under the JnNURM, the facility is sought to be shifted out of the city centre to allow free movement of traffic.While Mysore City Corporation had objected to the location of CBS when it was under construction, KSRTC went ahead with the project as the civic body had issued no-objection certificate (NOC), a prerequisite for the implementing agency to get the project approved.MCC is now constructing multi-storey parking lot at Town Hall premises, which will add to the pressure at the central business district (CBD). The hypermall and the proposed CBS would have added to the problem.Now, the plan is to ease pressure at CBD by relocating CBS out its present location -- it is operating out of five-acre plot abutting Mysore Palace -- and build it either at JK Grounds or at RMC Market, which is available following shifting of the vegetable market to APMC yard in Bandipalya. The six-acre plot is attached to MCC, and district minister S A Ramdas inspected it on Wednesday. He also visited JK Grounds where MMC principal Dr Geetha Avadhani made it clear that the institution would not like to part with the land used as a sport grounds by medicos.Ramdas, who is also medical education minister, accompanied by DC P S Vastrad and KSRTC Mysore urban divisional controller M N Srinivas, toured the sites. Unlike earlier, when the politicos spoke of taking over JK Grounds to build CBS, Ramdas - well aware of the opposition from medicos and alumni of the college -- said he is not particular that the bus stand should be based here. \"It is one of the alternatives. If there is opposition, we will go in for six-acre plot at RMC yard,\" he said.The plan is to take JK Grounds and allot the land at RMC to the medical college. If that doesn't workout, the bus stand is proposed to be constructed at RMC. According to him, they will get feedback from stakeholders and decide in 15 days.On earlier occasions, there was opposition, even protest by the students, when the proposal to build a bus stand at JK Grounds was mooted. Though it is thought of for some two decades, it is going no where. Now that Ramdas is both medical education and district in charge minister, he wants to give it a serious try. CBS is proposed to be used for non-motor vehicles like tongas, and some portion for parking of vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14308205", "title": "Land development bank to be liquidated to recover staffers' dues", "text": "YAVATMAL: The Yavatmal District Co-Operative Land Development Bank has been placed under liquidation to pay the employees' dues and monthly salaries. District deputy registrar Laxmanrao Katare recently passed an interim order to place the bank under liquidation. Assistant registrar of the DDR office Harishchandra Hussay, also appointed as the liquidator of the bank, has started the preliminary process to ascertain the assets and liabilities of the bank.Katare said that he passed the order as per instructions received from Amravati divisional commissioner Ganesh Thakur.The bank has its headquarters in Yavatmal and four branches at Yavatmal, Pandharkawda, Darwha and Pusad tehsils of the district. The bank has 42 employees of whom 15 are in the head office. These employees have not been paid their monthly salary since 10 months which pegs at Rs 1.35 crore.Over 180 employees have retired from the service right from the inception of the bank and they are entitled to get gratuity and other retirement benefits which amounts to Rs 3.5 crore. Besides, 11 employees have retired from the service in the last couple of years and their dues peg at Rs 70 lakh.The employees' union, after many futile efforts to get the dues, approached the high court with a writ petition. In March, the court ordered the state government to take a policy decision within six weeks about the fate of the bank and its employees. It was after this that the government decided to liquidate the bank to recover the salaries and dues of present and former employees.As per government valuation, the bank's assets are around Rs 8.5 crore while the liabilities are about Rs 9 crore.The government had earlier dissolved the board of directors of the bank and hence there is now no authority to monitor the banking system. Former director Vasant Ghuikhedkar said his late father, former MLA Balasaheb Ghuikhedkar, was the leading spirit behind the establishment of the bank that is meant to serve farmers. \"We oppose the move but we don't have any say at the moment,\" Ghikhedkar said.One of the bank employees PT Chavan said that the bank has 1,095 debtors, mostly farmers, who owe around Rs. 3.5 crore to the bank. \"During our intensive recovery drive during the 2011 fiscal, we have recovered Rs 1 crore and Rs 2.5 crore are still due with the farmers,\" he said.Asked how the employees were making ends meet, Chavan said that most are struggling hard and many are on the verge of starvation. \"We have even exhausted our provident fund,\" he said, adding that if the bank pays them the benefits as per the bank employees' service rule, they are ready to opt for voluntary retirement of service (VRS).The liquidator Harishchandra Hussay said that he would first serve notices to all the concerned people and after their due hearing, a report would be submitted to the DDR who will then pass the final order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14307070", "title": "Ponda police arrest man for fratricide", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda police arrested Sagar Naik, 45, a resident of Wadiwada-Kundaim in Ponda, early Wednesday for killing his older brother, Ratnakar Naik, 50.The police said that the incident occurred late Tuesday night when Sagar came home in an \"intoxicated state\" and got into a heated argument with his brother, following which Sagar suddenly pounced on Ratnakar and began raining blows on him.\"The younger brother continued his barrage of blows on the head and face of the deceased after pinning him to the ground till Ratnakar started bleeding profusely. During the assault, the deceased started chocking and eventually died as his windpipe was blocked,\"the police said.Upon receiving information, we rushed to the spot and found the deceased lying in a pool of blood, the Ponda police said, adding that the body has been handed over to the family after an autopsy was conducted at the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim on Wednesday.The police registered an offence of murder against Sagar under Section 302 (murder) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). He has been arrested and remanded to seven days of police custody by the Ponda judicial magistrate first class.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14315622", "title": "Three Cheers for laughter!", "text": "Mint-fresh comic plays, rib-tickling stand-up acts and a series of comedy workshops - NCPA's maiden comedy festival, Cheer, promises to be a three-day celebration!There's nothing like combating the monsoon blues with a good dose of comedy, wit and laughter. Now that comedy has become serious business in the city, to elevate and celebrate the spirit of humour, NCPA is hosting its maiden comedy festival, the NCPA Cheers from June 22 - 24.If you enjoy humour is all its forms, you're in for a treat. Apart from three new comic plays, they are promising entertaining stand-up acts, as well as a series of workshops to help you understand the nuances of humour. Deepa Gahlot, programming head (theatre &amp; films) shares, \"We see comedy today being taken seriously across various media \u2014 films, stage, TV and literature. And theatre is meeting a growing demand for entertainment through light plays and live acts. With this fest, we are exploring various ways of spreading cheer!\"Each day will begin with a tailor-made workshop conducted by the inimitable stand-up star, Sorabh Pant and The East India Co.Medy, followed by a brand new comedy play. Participants of the workshop will get an opportunity to display their skills in the show, serving their just-brewed comedic acts, and stand-up acts by seasoned comedians like Aditi Mittal, Abish Matthew, Anu Menon (Lola Kutty) and Kunal Rao.A space for the enjoyment of humour in all its forms, NCPA Cheers is a great opportunity for all those who want to learn the tricks and trade rules of laughter!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14309093", "title": "Govt finalizes scheme to make Delhi kerosene-free", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government on Wednesday rolled out the roadmap to make the capital the first kerosene-free city in the country. The programme will cover 3.56 lakh poor families using kerosene as fuel and get them to shift to an LPG connection by offering them a gas stove, regulator and a cylinder. The scheme, which will be launched on August 15, was conceived as subsidized kerosene often does not reach the intended beneficiaries and ends up in the black market. Chief minister Sheila Dikshit, while presenting the annual budget in the Assembly on May 28, had announced the ambitious scheme and the cabinet, chaired by her, finalized finer details on Wednesday. According to the scheme, the government will provide each of the 3,56,395 families getting subsidized kerosene an LPG cylinder, regulator, ISI-marked gas stove with two burners and a rubber tube. Dikshit had announced cash subsidy of Rs 2,000 for each of the beneficiary families. However, the cabinet decided to provide the cylinder, regulator and the gas stove directly to the families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "14311223", "title": "Subsidized 'moong' seeds devastate farmers", "text": "NAWADA: The moong (green gram) seeds purchased by the state government from Haryana and supplied to farmers at a subsidized rate of Rs 10 per kg a couple of months ago has spelt doom for the farmers especially in Nawada district.The plants, sown in hundreds of acres across the district, have become yellow and the pods have become stunted and in many cases, seedless. It has left farmers devastated, who do not even hope to recover their investment cost incurred in tilling, use of fertilizers and irrigating the moong fields.In stark contrast, the few farmers who sowed seeds purchased from elsewhere albeit at a higher rate ranging from Rs 80 to Rs 150 a kg, are happy to see their moong crop free from any such infection.District agriculture officer (DAO) Bhagwan Rai said that the Haryana state seeds were infected with disease at the source itself. He said even if the plants had become infected and sterile and brought loss to farmers, they could still be used as green manure (hara khad).Agriculture scientist S K Mishra from Sarvodaya Ashram in Kawuakol block informed that the yellowing of the plant known as 'yellow mosaic' was irreversible and could be attributed to genetic infection as well as due to an infection transmitted by a white fly which visits the plants. He advised the farmers to chemically spray the affected plants with imidachlorome and Indofil-45 pesticides to minimize the spread of the disease.Awdhesh Singh, a prosperous farmer from Sarkatti village under Kashichak PS said that the government should have subjected the seeds to rigorous quality control test before purchase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14307273", "title": "Parrikar slammed for 'volte-face' on casinos", "text": "MARGAO: Claiming that there was a complete turnaround on the part of chief minister Manohar Parrikar on his stance on casinos, Curtorim MLA Reginaldo Lourenco alleged that there was foul play involved in the decision to hike the licenses of casinos. \"It has been over a 100 days since the BJP government came to power in Goa, but till date, it has not come up with a stringent policy to regulate casino operations,\" said Lourenco, while addressing mediapersons on Wednesday.\"There is no regulatory mechanism or body to check the number and type of punters visiting the casinos. The number of entry tickets sold is minimal in comparison to the high number of punters who visit casinos every day,\" said Lourenco, while demanding that no more licenses be given for new casinos to operate. The two-time legislator stated that despite Parrikar's assurances that there would be a mechanism to discourage locals from visiting casinos, no such regulatory body was in place to check the number and type of people visiting casinos in Goa.When asked what was his stand on the decision to hike the license fees, Lourenco said that the hike would only benefit certain quarters, as the smaller casinos may not be able to withstand such high prices and be forced to shut shop.Lourenco derided Parrikar for reducing the entry fee and demanded to know why Parrikar was \"tight-lipped on the question of banning Goans from visiting casinos\".\"While in the opposition, Parrikar used to be in the forefront demanding the banning of locals to these gambling houses,\" said Lourenco, lamenting the current scenario where he claimed that most of the punters visiting casinos were not tourists but locals, especially the youth. While demanding that a strict regulation be set in place to monitor the functioning of casinos, Lourenco claimed that Goans were employed for low-profile posts like stewards, bouncers and drivers and that the most of the employees were migrants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mamallapuram", "code": "14310523", "title": "No consensus behind Mahabs flooding", "text": "MAMALLAPURAM: The huge sea waves that lashed the Mamallapuram coast on Tuesday, resulting in the flooding of the famous Shore Temple, might have scared locals, but water resources experts said the phenomenon is a result of several factors, including the earth's rotation and the positions of the moon and the sun relative to the earth. Since Monday evening, high tidal waves had inundated many areas along the coast with houses in many areas being flooded with waist-deep water. On Tuesday evening, tidal waves, nearly 12 feet high, crashed into the Shore Temple at Mamallapuram, 60km from Chennai. The monument does not have a protective wall around it. On Wednesday, the sea was still rough but the water had partially receded. Fishermen did not venture into the sea. \"Gravitational force exerted by the moon and sun is also a factor for high tidal waves in the coastal areas,\" said L Elango, professor, department of geology, Anna University. Other experts said the occurrence of high tidal waves was a temporary phenomenon. The relatively mild weather over the last few days, including some showers due to the southwest monsoon, could have triggered the conditions responsible for the giant waves, they said. Storm surges, which occur mostly in shallow seas and coasts under the influence of the southwest monsoon, could be another reason for the phenomenon. \"The effect of the monsoon is big because winds have a great impact on the tidal waves,\" said N G Anuthaman, assistant professor, Centre for Water Resources, Anna University. On Wednesday, tourists were allowed to visit the Shore Temple as most of the water had receded. Many spent time on the shore with ASI authorities and police keeping a close eye on them as the sea was still rough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14309060", "title": "MLA proves his loyalty with mobile pictures", "text": "BANGALORE: Caesar's wife must be above suspicion. Congress MLA from Kunigal in Tumkur district, PB Ramaswamy Gowda, knows this well. He also knows that mere words aren't enough to prove a person's loyalty and integrity in present-day politics. So he chose to prove it with evidence during elections to the Karnataka legislative council on June 11.Before dropping the ballot paper into the ballot box, he took a photograph of the paper, though rules don't allow it. He claims he had reason to do so too: whenever there was talk of Operation Lotus , Gowda was one of the suspects, and was seen as a potential catch for the BJP. To make matters worse, on the day of the election, he was late.The leaders were waiting anxiously for his arrival, as each vote was valuable for the party candidate's victory. By 12.30pm, all 70 Congress MLAs had voted, except Gowda, who reached Vidhana Soudha by 1.30pm.\"I was always a suspect. To top it, it got late. The leaders shouted at me. I knew if something went wrong, they would blame me. So I took a photograph of the ballot paper on my mobile phone to prove that I had voted for the official candidate,'' Gowda told TOI.There were 12 candidates in the fray for 11 MLC seats. With its strength of 71 members, the Congress could easily secure the victory of three candidates (19 votes were required) and it counted on the five Independents for the victory of the fourth candidate. The party fielded Iqbal Ahmed Saradagi, C Motamma and K Govindaraj as first three priority candidates, while MR Seetharam was the fourth candidate.When the results were announced, Congress was shocked as the official candidate, Saradagi, had lost, while its fourth candidate Seetharam and independent candidate Byrathi Suresh had won. Following the humiliation and embarrassment, the Congress formed a five-member committee to inquire into the cross-voting. The probe is on.\"Thank God, I did what I did. I showed the proof and got out of the suspects' list. I've come up the hard way and don't want to spoil my chances and image in the party. The photograph helped me prove I am a sincere Congressman,'' says a relieved Gowda.Poll code violationA senior Election Commission officer said it amounted to violation of secrecy under the Representation of People's Act, and is a punishable offence, if proved. However, he said the commission hadn't received any complaints regarding the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14308507", "title": "Medical student suffers from exam phobia", "text": "MUMBAI: KEM Hospital in Parel is treating one of its own students for exam phobia after he went missing from the hostel just before his practical exams and returned on Wednesday. Nimish Tare (22), (name changed) usually gets sick before exams, doctors said.Just three days before the Anatomy and Physiology practical exams last Saturday, the first year MBBS student's friends could not find him. He was said to have visited Aurangabad, Pune and Ambajogai during that time. When he returned, he had missed two papers. Authorities are talking to the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences to ensure that he completes his papers. Academic dean Dr Shubhangi Parkar said, \"He gets acutely stressed before the exams.\" She had earlier told Tare's father, a farmer in Beed, to stay with him during exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14311698", "title": "High court asks police to conduct searches in Himachal Pradesh University boys' hostels", "text": "SHIMLA: The Himachal Pradesh high court on Wednesday issued directions to inspector general of police (IGP) to conduct a search of the entire rooms in the boys' hostel of the university on Wednesday itself. Warden of the hostel concerned shall be present during the search operations. Police shall also prepare an inventory in the process. Following this, cops conducted a search of all the boys' hostels.In its order, the court said that allottees of the rooms shall also participate in the process if available. \"The university and police may give necessary intimation forthwith to the students available in the campus and around, and for the purposes of search, the allottees shall be permitted to enter the premises of the hostel concerned. It is made clear that no other student shall be permitted at the time of search other than the allottees concerned of the respective rooms,\" the court said.The court further directed the university not to make any fresh admission to the boys' hostel without getting orders form the court. The court also pointed out that some teachers are indulging in political activities in the campus while some are even office bearers of student organizations as well as political organizations.The court observed that ordinance 35.20 of the first ordinance of HP University, 1973 provides that \"no employee shall take part in any political activity.\" The expression employee includes the teacher as well. The only permission given to the teacher is to contest state assembly/parliamentary elections and for that, they are to be granted leave of the kind due. The permission does not give them liberty to indulge in political activity. Therefore, it is made clear that no teacher shall be permitted to take part in any political activity,\" the court added.Therefore, the court directed the vice-chancellor to strictly enforce the provision as explained above. The court made it clear that violation should be treated as indiscipline and stern action, including suspension, should be taken in the case of employees, who take part in political activity.The court also directed the police to make an inventory of articles and remove those objectionable weapons and materials from the campus.The division bench comprising Chief Justice Kurian Joseph and Justice Dharam Chand Chaudhary passed the order during the hearing of a writ petition filed by one Dr Lallan Rai against the order of Himachal Pradesh University to close all boys' hostels indefinitely. The petition contended that since final exams in the university are going on, the orders to close boys' hostels have created problems to students appearing in the exams.In its previous order, the court had directed registrar, HPU, inspector general of police, SP Shimla , deputy commissioner, Shimla, dean of students and wardens including the chief warden, to be present in the court and all were present in the court on Wednesday. During hearing of the petition, the court observed that starting point of the unfortunate incident was forcible entry of boy students in the girls' college. Therefore, directions were issued to the principal of RKMV College to arrange security guards at the entrance of the college and that no outsider shall be permitted to enter the college without the permission of the principal.The matter has been posted to June 21, 2012 for further hearing and the dean of students, the registrar, HPU, wardens and chief warden were directed to be present in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "jodhpur ", "code": "14308562", "title": "After Kailash Jakhar's escape, extra cover for other Bhanwari case accused", "text": "JODHPUR : In what can be termed as once bitten twice shy after Kailash Jakhar's daring court escape, police handcuffed Bishna Ram Bishnoi while taking him to court on Wednesday with two escort vehicles right from the jail to the court. Absolute lack of this extra caution in transit for the hardcore criminals like Bishnoi and Jakhar on the part of the police earlier had led to the easy escape of Jakhar from the court premises on June 14.Jail Superintendent A R Nyazi said both jail authorities and police had sought permission from the court to put him on handcuffs while producing him for the hearing of a kidnapping case of June 2011 pending against him.Further identifying the chinks in the security, the police closed the gates of the court, from where the assailants had entered and Jakhar had escaped amid a shootout between police and Jakhar's saviours.With the closure of this gate which also leads to the fast track court, the CBI court and the session court, people are having problems.\"Now people coming to any of these courts will have to come from the zila parishad gate as the court gates will remain locked until next order or arrangement,\" ADCP J S Sharma said. Besides, parking near this gate for the session court has also been shifted to the place near the administrative wing and policemen have been deployed on this stretch of about 100 meters. This entire stretch up to the now closed gates was used by the assailants as an easy escape route. The assailants had come to take Bishnoi and Jakhar, a week ago.Jakhar has managed to be out of the reach of police despite their all-out efforts to re-arrest him. So far, seven persons have been arrested in connection with Jakhar's escape and police claimed to have obtained significant leads to his whereabouts. However, despite joint efforts to nab him from the Jodhpur rural office and the police commissionerate by forming different search teams looking out for him including in Bikaner and Barmer, Jakhar still managed give police the slip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "14311691", "title": "Prime accused among 2 held in Joga cow slaughter case", "text": "SANGRUR: The Sangrur police claim to have arrested two persons, including prime accused from Delhi involved in Joga cow slaughter case. It also claimed that both have confessed their involvement in the cow slaughter and were engaged in selling the animal bones. A police team led by Malerkotla DSP is on way to to get the culprits from Delhi.Sangrur SSP Harcharan Singh Bhullar said \" On a tip off a police party, which was sent to Delhi has succeeded in arresting the prime accused Mohammad Dilshad Haji of Muzzafarnagar in UP, but at present living at Bhawanigarh in Sangrur and Latif of Malerkotla\". The SSP said Dilshad was running the animal bone crushing factory at Joga village in Mansa with Hans Raj and used to kill the animals as well.The SSP said Dilshad, who is a proclaimed offender in another case of cow slaughter, was arrested on Wednesday in the Jama Maszid area and has confessed his involvement in the heinous crime.Carcasses of about 25 cows were recovered from the Joga factory on June 10 and angered over it, residents went on rampage forcing the administration to clamp curfew.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14307121", "title": "Don't succumb to MoI pressure, Parrikar urged", "text": "PANAJI: It appears that the statement by chief minister Manohar Parrikar that his decision on the medium of instruction (MoI) issue was only an administrative decision has ruffled some feathers. Savio Lopes of Force (Forum for Rights of Children's Education) told TOI \"as far as we are concerned, we are very clear that English should be one of the medium of instruction.\"An NGO, Lokancho Adhar, has stated that Parrikar's MoI decision lacks clarity and urged the chief minister to clarify his stand.Trajano D'Mello, president of the organization told mediapersons that \"the decision of the government is surrounded by mystery.\"He said: \"The statement by the chief minister has created anxiety in the minds of parents, students and managements of schools.\"Citing a statement by Parrikar that the MoI issue would be fully resolved by the next state revolution day in 2013, D'Mello said, \"Why resolve the issue by the next revolution day. This means the issue is not fully resolved.\"While stating that the decision of granting aid to 127 was a relief, he said the government has not upheld the rights of parents to decide.He sought to warn Parrikar that \"the grants to 127 schools should not be withdrawn despite all pressures.\" D'mello also criticized Parrikar for rewarding of Pandurang Nadkarni-who had filed the petition in the High Court on the MoI-with the Information Commissioner post.He however felt that the government should make one regional language a compulsory subject from Classes I to X.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14308746", "title": "Luxury cars lined up for launch in MP", "text": "INDORE: Undeterred by the current slackness in demand due to economic slowdown in the country, premium auto manufacturers of luxury cars have lined up a number of new models for launch in the state during the later part of the year realizing the bullish demand for the top-end cars in the local market.German auto major BMW is mulling to launch its new 3 Series compact executive models starting at Rs 26.40 lakh (ex-showroom Indore), by July-end. Similarly, another leading German automobile manufacturer Audi has just launched Q3, its new compact SUV, in the domestic market and it carries a price tag of Rs 34.64 (ex-showroom Indore). Some of the other models from the Audi stable, which are likely to be launched during next quarter in the local market include S4 (sedan) and TT (sport). Similarly, after launching the M-Class nearly a month ago, Mercedes-Benz is all set to unveil its new product, B-Class, by the year-end.Though there is no line-up for launch of new vehicles from Jaguar Land Rover (JLR), the Tata subsidiary in the UK, still it has not revised its annual sales plan. JLR Freelander is priced at about Rs 39 lakh (ex-showroom Indore). Ananth Sharma, vice-president (operations), Infinity Cars, the dealer of BMW in Indore, said that it was a challenging time for them in view of the ongoing high interest rates and the highest ever rise in the fuel price in India. However, he was quick to add that his company already achieved 40% of the projected business growth for the current annual, which begins in January and goes on till December. Sharma is quite optimistic of achieving the annual business growth target of his company in the state by the year-end.A senior official at the Mercedes-Benz said that their business has not been affected so far. The reason, he said, is that the company served to the high-end class of people, which is normally unaffected by the market turbulence. Last year, Mercedes had sold 150 units in Indore alone. The official added that the auto major was currently busy planning strategy to revise sales target for the current year.When it comes to Audi, the going has been good until now, said the local dealer here. The company, which opened its showroom in Indore in November last year, claims to have sold 100 units during the past six mon- ths alone.\"Also, we have already sold eight units of the newly launched Q3 SUV in 10 days of its launch in Indore,\" said Gaurav Pavse, marketing manager of Audi showroom in Indore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14311598", "title": "Mysore planners moot bicycle sharing system in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: To promote a healthy and eco-friendly lifestyle, the district administration is planning to implement Public Bicycle-Sharing System in the Heritage City.\"The project is awaiting the approval of the authority, and the project blueprint is ready,\" said DC P S Vastrad. \"We want to make some areas free of vehicles. Initially, the plan will be implemented in the University of Mysore campus,\" he said, adding that the project will be extended to other areas depending on its success there.Further, the DC said government officials have been requested to pedal from their quarters to their offices \"as it can reduce the use of government vehicles\".Public bicycle-sharing system, which is prevalent in European countries, moved to India a couple of years ago. The system enables people to obtain bicycles on rent. They can subscribe to the facility online by making monthly or annual payment. The plan will be implemented by Mysore City Corporation under Mysore City Land transport Authority (MCLTA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14308066", "title": "Check black marketing of seeds &amp; manure, minister tells agriculture department", "text": "GONDIA: State civil supplies minister and guardian minister of Gondia district Anil Deshmukh has directed the officers of agriculture department to appoint flying squads of respective departments at strategic places to keep an eye on the black marketing of seeds and manure. He was speaking at a survey meeting of the district.Deshmukh was in Gondia on Wednesday to take stock of the pre-Monsoon preparations of seeds, manure and emergency eventualities. Congratulating the district agriculture department for having secured first position in the state under food security drive, he said that apparently the position of manure seems to be satisfactory, but expressed dissatisfaction over reluctance of nationalized banks in financing the cultivators.Out of the expected target of Rs 135.31 crore for financing during the coming kharip season, the share of cooperative banks is Rs 89.24 crore. Out of this, Rs 52.2 crore (58%) was already distributed on June 18.The share of rural banks is Rs 24 crore, out which Rs 5.56 crore and only Rs 3.387 crore out of the target of Rs 22 crore of nationalized banks have been distributed. These, according to the minister, were quite inadequate.Deshmukh said that the total demand of manure is 62.92 thousand metric tonnes (TMT). While, 57.1 TMT manure has already been approved by the government, out of this, 18 TMT manure is ready on the spot.Among others who were present in the meeting were MLC Rajendra Jain, MLA Ramratan Raut, Addl Collector Kamlersh Sonale, CEO of ZP Gondia Dr. Yeshwant Gedam and District Supdt. of Agriculture Manohar Chandrikapure and other officers of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14310113", "title": "Colleges devise ways to make freshers feel at ease", "text": "CHENNAI: Pragya got up on Wednesday morning, excited and nervous. It was her first day in college and she expected to meet a class full of new people. What she did not expect, though, was a stroll through the verdant Madras Christian College campus in Tambaram as an ice-breaking session. \"I had a glimpse of the place when I came to submit my application and thought it was very nice. Today, I saw a lot more of it and found it was much more beautiful than I thought,\" said the girl from Andamans, who has enrolled for BSc Physics. Taking first year students for a walk on the premises, begun several decades ago, had a practical purpose. The campus sprawls over 365 acres and the faculty didn't want students losing their way or quoting it as an excuse, said professor Surendran Purushotham, vice-president, College Union Society. With the Society members leading the way, the freshers got an idea of the hall system, the co-curricular activities they could engage in and the sanctity of the 45 acres of sports fields. The seniors pointed out the favourite hangouts - the 'principal gutters', 'botany and zoo tanks', the cafeteria where the deer graze and feed off the hands of students. Just covering the main sights on the entire campus can take two-and-a-half hours, seniors said. Student secretary Prashanth Doraiappah said the rest of the place was restricted to ensure students didn't disturb the ecosystem. Those wanting to venture further must sign up with the Scrub Society that arranges nature walks, he said. Some students were disappointed at not being shown the artificial lake, but Pragya was happy. \"It's my first day and I've already made several friends among my classmates whom I met during the walk,\" she said. Other colleges in the city also have programmes to make things easy for students. At MOP Vaishnav College for Women, freshers go through a preparatory course on the philosophy of the college and taught how to learn and make a presentation. \"We start the course work only after a month. The time is spent on getting them college-ready and responsible, with personality development classes,\" said principal K Nirmala Prasad. At Loyola College, students get an idea of how they are expected to conduct themselves worthy of being a student there, and those needing financial support are also helped to get part time jobs. To keep away the menace of ragging, Guru Shree Shantivijai Jain College gets seniors to welcome freshers with sweets and flowers. Most colleges encourage students to showcase their talent through cultural events conducted specially for the first years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14310784", "title": "Horse trainer Vinayak no more", "text": "MUMBAI: One of the most successful horse trainers at Mumbai, Vinayak, passed away on Wednesday morning at Pune after an unsuccessful battle with cancer. The 47-year-old was diagnosed with brain tumor late last year which turned out to be cancerous.Vinayak had saddled three Indian Derby winners, Indictment, Noble Eagle and Velvet Rope. He had also won Pune Derby four times.Vinayak had forged a great partnership with jockeyturned-trainer Malesh Narredu, who had steered Indictment in 1997 to victory in the Indian Derby. It was the first for the trainer-jockey duo.\"It came as a big shock. I can't imagine he is no more,\" Malesh told TOI on Wednesday. \"Last night when I was returning to Pune from Bangalore, I was told that he was not feeling well. So from the Pune airport I went straight to his place. He was sleeping but woke up and held my hand but did not speak much and today morning as I was preparing to go and see him again, I got this news,\" Malesh said.In the last couple of years, Vinayak had become private trainer for Rakesh Kumar Wadhawan. He won the Pune Derby last year with Hills And Stars, owned by Wadhawan.This year he was aiming to win Indian Derby with Hills And Stars but fate had other plans. Yet the gutsy trainer tried to win it from the hospital bed. Giving his Irish jockey Richard Hughes training instruction to prepare Hills And Stars for the big day. Hills And Stars, however, failed to win it.Veteran trainer Magan Singh Jodha, who used to share the same stand with Vinayak at Pune during the morning track works, says the trainers' fraternity will miss him. \"It is hard to believe that he is no more. He was a jovial man. We all will miss him,\" said Jodha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14310699", "title": "Sealed ultrasound machine was used in abortion racket", "text": "MUMBAI: The only action that the state's public health department is heavily banking on \u2014 raiding clinics and sealing ultra-sonography (USG) machines \u2014 in its fight against female foeticide may not be working after all. To public health officials' shock, a Jalgaon doctor on Tuesday night confessed to using his sealed machine to carry out USG examinations and making lakhs every month.The Beed police have found that Dr Sudam Munde, who allegedly carried out illegal abortions on a large scale in Parli taluka, referred patients to Jalgaon-based Dr Rahul Kolhe. Kolhe's USG machine, however, had been sealed in 2010 after health officials found that he had flouted the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act.Superintendent of police Dattatray Mandlik told TOI that Kolhe admitted to using the sealed machine and gave a demonstration to police officials. \"He used a separate monitor and extra probes and carried out USG exams by using the same sealed machine. To avoid getting caught, Kolhe examined patients late at night,\" said Mandlik, adding that patients were ferried to his clinic in vehicles provided by him. Kolhe allegedly charged Rs 5,000 for a single USG test and made around Rs 15 lakh a month.Mandlik said Vijaymala Patekar, whose death while undergoing an abortion exposed Munde and the thriving illegal abortion trade, had also visited Kolhe to know the gender of her unborn child. The new revelation has set alarm bells ringing among health officials and radiologists. Using sealed USG machines may be more common in certain centres, suspect officials. The sealing of USG machines involves putting a white cloth and red wax seal. TOI has found out that none of the centres with sealed machines in the state and city have been revisited for checks by health officials.Public health minister Suresh Shetty said teams have started revisiting sonography centres across the state. \"We definitely have to step up vigilance,\" he said. Last year, in Mumbai, the civic body sealed 32 ultrasound machines. But currently only six machines continue to remain sealed.General secretary of the Indian Radiological and Imaging Association, Dr Jignesh Thakkar, said it was audacious of the doctor to use a sealed machine. \"The state is thinking of taking the sealed machines and storing them in some other place. But who will guarantee that the machines come back in the same condition?\" he asked. A USG machine could cost anywhere from Rs 4 lakh to Rs 40 lakh. Thakkar said the government could seal the USG room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14309048", "title": "Agatha Sangma too may quit NCP, ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: NCP believes Union minister Agatha Sangma would follow her father P A Sangma out of the party.On Wednesday, former Lok Sabha Speaker P A Sangma resigned from NCP, which he had founded with Sharad Pawar and Tariq Anwar after breaking away from Congress, and is set to become the NDA candidate in the President's election.NCP sources believe Agatha, who is minister of state for rural development, is unlikely to continue in the Union ministry. A senior leader said the young MP is her famous father's protege in Meghalaya politics, and it would make little sense in taking an independent stance from him.A senior leader said she would have to leave the ministry once she sided with her father. \"How can we react when she has not resigned yet?\" a leader said.NCP office-bearers met on Wednesday to discuss the controversy over its founding member throwing his hat in the ring despite the party being at the forefront of UPA nominating Pranab Mukherjee for the contest.NCP is sore with the Sangma family because it was confident that the leader would come around to withdraw from the Presidential fray. Spokesman D P Tripathi accused him of going back on the word he gave to party chief Sharad Pawar.Tripathi said, \"Sharad Pawar has accepted the resignation of P A Sangma and NCP is informing the Meghalaya assembly Speaker\".When Sangma was scouting for support initially, NCP had asked Agatha to stay away from campaigning for her father since the party had decided to back the UPA in Presidential polls.The young MP had accompanied Sangma to CM Jayalalithaa before the AIADMK supremo and her Odisha counterpart Naveen Patnaik declared support for him.Congress refused to be drawn into the debate if it was ethical for Agatha to be in the ministry while her father was the Presidential candidate who would cross swords with UPA. \"Congress is not going to advise NCP on what to do about Agatha,\" AICC spokesman Rashid Alvi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14310607", "title": "Govt-run school at Villapuram a boon for differently-abled kids", "text": "MADURAI: For 20 children in the government special school for orthopedically affected differently-abled children at Villapuram Housing Board, their institution is a home away from home as they cherish the cordial atmosphere along with other peers. \"After my primary studies in the school from 1987 to 1991, I have continued my studies in some reputed institutions and a renowned college in Chennai. But the special school in Villapuram is always close to my heart. It was a lovely environment as I grew up with many other differently-abled children. The dedication and affection of the teachers is very special,\" says A S Kulandaivelu, alumnus of the school and English teacher in the government school in Sankarankoil. \"Not a single student who has studied in the special school went astray. All of them have found a good future,\" says K Aadheswaran, a music teacher in Madurai. He had studied from first to eighth standards in the special school. \"My music teacher Gopalakrishnan was a source of inspiration, and after I showed interest in Carnatic music, he used to stay back and take special classes for me. He moulded me into a music teacher,\" Aadheswaran recounts.During a visit to the school, the students and teachers were found to be absorbed in their daily lessons. It is curious to note that the classrooms are on the first floor and there are steps instead of ramps leading up. But the staff say the reason behind this is that regular practice of climbing stairs helps the students gradually overcome their disabilities. This minimum mobility helps the students graduate to more important challenges in life. \"However, we help the children in the initial months by carrying them, but soon they learn to climb steps,\" a school staff said.To a quick query on the school, Deepa, a seventh standard student, says she loves her institution. \"The teachers take good care of us and give us special attention to improve our handwriting and learning skills,\" says Vigneswaran from Andipatti.Started in 1981, the school is the only one of its kind in the state for orthopedically disabled children. It was functioning in a rented building at Thirunagar with minimum facilities and then it was shifted to Villapuram with a proper building. Officials at the Differently Abled Welfare Department remember how then district collector Krishnaswamy Rajeevan had allotted the building, reversing an earlier allotment to a local big shot in just 30 minutes. \"We used to have around 100 children from across the state, but the strength has come down after the polio scenario minimised in the state. Through Sarva Siksha Abhiyan, differently-abled children were enrolled in local schools,\" says A Umavathi, a teacher at the school. \"At present, we have a few enrolments and many dropouts from regular schools are admitted at present. But we have always found a difference among children who study here from the beginning. They seem to fare better when compared to children admitted in between,\" she says.Apart from the regular classes, K Gopalakrishnan, the music teacher, teaches songs to the students. The school offers music classes and physiotherapy for students. \"The advantage with the special school is that children tend to feel confident when compared to differently-abled children at normal schools as their peers are also from similar backgrounds.\" Gopalakrishnan is visually challenged and teaches vocal music for the students. If the children show special interest in Carnatic music, he takes special classes for them. \"Not many show interest in Carnatic music, hence I teach them folk and patriotic songs,\" he says. On alumni of the institution, he says many are in good positions, which gives immense satisfaction to those who mentor them. Other teachers readily second his opinion.The school offers classes from first to eighth standard with regular curriculum. After middle school, the children are absorbed in a special private school at Melur. Girl students are absorbed into the OCPM Girls Higher Secondary School in Madurai. The district administration has decided to give a special thrust on enrolment. Recently, district collector Anshul Mishra sent out an official press note inviting admissions. Boarding and education is absolutely free. \"We are trying to improve the enrolment in the school and impart more skill-building education in the coming days,\" an official from the Differently Abled Welfare Department said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14307250", "title": "Lourenco takes on CM over mining department jobs", "text": "MARGAO: Taking on chief minister Manohar Parrikar, Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco hit out at Parrikar, this time, for creating an unnecessary doubt in the mind of the public by instructing the vigilance department to conduct an inquiry into the selection process for mining field supervisors.\"What was the need to send it to the vigilance department when there was no illegality involved? And if so, he cannot be vague about it, but should point out what part of the process he thinks is illegal,\" said Lourenco while addressing mediapersons on Wednesday.\"It is really an ironical situation as it was the BJP, when it was in the opposition, who had demanded the creation of new jobs of field supervisors,\" added Lourenco, stating that the decision to create such posts was to keep a check on mining, which was the demand of the BJP as well.The new-found voice of the opposition added that the creation of these categories of jobs was not done with any \"ulterior motive, but to curb the business of illegal mining\".\"Why has the BJP government developed a total callous attitude to the aspirations of these selected as field supervisors for the mining department?\" questioned Lourenco, adding that the affected job- seekers had been put in an unfortunate situation where they had nowhere else to go.Lourneco, who promised to raise this issue and had submitted this question for the assembly session, refuted all allegations against the erstwhile government. He added that all formalities had been completed such as getting approvals from the cabinet as well as from the financial department of the government.About 230 posts for these new jobs of field supervisors were created, but only 200 candidates were selected, Lourenco began to explain. \"Out of the total selected group, only 20 have been medically examined and it is a matter of grave concern to the remaining selected 180 candidates as they have not yet been medically examined,\" added Lourenco. Furthermore, ridiculing allegations that only certain constituencies benefitted from the selection process, Lourenco asserted that the then Congress government had been extremely judicious in its approach and that Goan youth from all 40 constituencies of the state had found representation.When asked why former chief minister and mining minister Digambar Kamat had not come out in public against such allegations, Lourenco said that he could not answer for Kamat but that he (Lourenco) was speaking as an \"opposition Congress legislator\". \"The benchmark of this well thought-out move of our then Congress government can be gauged from the fact that it gave offer letters to four candidates from Panaji, the constituency of Parrikar,\" said Lourenco.\"I want to remind Parrikar that when the Congress party was in power, it was considerate to the wants of the opposition and that is the reason why even BJP people got jobs,\" added Lourenco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "14308522", "title": "Kin of molestation accused 'assault' woman at her home", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: MBA student Roshni Majumdar (26), who was earlier attacked by six youngsters for feeding a stray dog in Sanpada, faced fresh trouble on Tuesday. The relatives of one of the accused landed at Roshni's home, allegedly abused and assaulted her and later filed a molestation complaint against her cousin Sumit Deb (28).Sumit was arrested on Tuesday night by Turbhe police for molesting a female relative of the youth. The police also arrested two women relatives of the youth for assaulting Roshni. Recalling the horrific incident, Sumit told TOI, \"The molestation complaint against me is false and motivated. It was filed to harass me and Roshni after we got three youngsters arrested for attacking us on June 4 in Sector 5.\"\"Around 10pm, one man and two women knocked on the door of my rented third-floor flat. As soon as I opened the door, they barged in and demanded to meet Roshni,\" said Sumit. \"When Roshni came to the room, the women started abusing her and punched her near the shoulder. They repeatedly asked her why she had complained against their family member,\" he said.Roshni somehow managed to free herself and ran to another room. \"I asked the three to go to the police if they had a problem. If they have a problem, as they did not want to engage in any dialogue with them. I did not even touch the women, but they claim I went down to the first floor and molested one. This is a lie,'' said Sumit.Said Roshni, \"We immediately called up a Turbhe police officer who handled our earlier assault-molestation case and he came here within minutes The entire neighbourhood saw how the group was threatening us.\"While Sumit was arrested for molestation, the two women were arrested for assaulting and threatening Roshni. The man accompanying them disappeared from the scene and could not be arrested. Sumit secured bail on Wednesday morning. He and Roshni have submitted a complaint to assistant commissioner of police (Nerul) D Jagtap about this continuing harassment and false complaint against Sumit.The in-charge deputy commissioner of police, Vijay Patil, said, \"As the woman from the opposite party alleged molestation, the police had to take down her complaint. Now an investigation will be carried out to ascertain whether this charge is true.\"Meanwhile, the dog Roshni used to feed has disappeared from Sector 5. \"I have filed a non-cognizable complaint with the police about its disappearance. I suspect the youths who had attacked me have a hand in this,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14307099", "title": "Cops play spoilsport, but protesters plan to go ahead with Carter Road rally", "text": "MUMBAI: In an attempt to nip Sunday's proposed anti-Dhoble protest in the bud, Mumbai Police have denied permission for the march at Carter Road. However, demonstrators said they are determined to proceed with their plans, even willing to court arrest if necessary.The refusal to grant permission may however affect the protest, which was initially expected to be attended by around 3,000-5,000 people, including celebrities, to denounce the ongoing campaign against 'illegal activities' in restaurants and bars led by ACP Vasant Dhoble.\"Police have turned down our request saying Carter Road is not a venue of assembly and a public rally could jeopardise the movement of pedestrians and traffic,\" said organiser Rahul Kanal. \"We offered to keep to one side of the road and be hemmed in by barricades but that has also been denied.\" Another protestor said, \"We are determined to go ahead with the 5-7 pm schedule, maybe at the nearby amphitheatre if not Carter Road promenade itself. We will court arrest if need be.\"Tushar Joshi, owner of Amar Juice Centre, pointed out that supporters of Anna Hazare had been allowed free use of the arterial SV Road during a support march recently. \"In fact, Carter Road is less busy than SV Road, so why not make an exception for us?\" he said.DCP Pratap Dighavkar of Zone IX, who monitors jurisdiction of the area, told TOI, \"I am not giving them permission until they select a proper venue. I have asked them to take proper permission from the municipal authorities and the owner of the land.\"\"Dighavkar suggested that we shift the protest to the MMRDA Ground at Bandra-Kurla Complex or perhaps the Mhada hall nearby. However, we are unable to do so, first because we do not have funds to hire these venues, and secondly, the banners and flyers citing Carter Road as the site have already been printed and disseminated,\" said Shakil Bhure of Mogul Sarai restaurant, part of the organising team.Admitting that actors Salman Khan , John Abraham and Neha Dhupia who were asked to come may not do so now, the demonstrators said they were counting on ordinary citizens. Among these is Amboli resident Valentine Silveira who has been networking with friends to muster support for the rally. \"Picking up young women from bars under immoral trafficking rules is an unwise move that will brand them for life. These could be our sisters and wives. In the past, all such women have been released by the courts for want of evidence,\" he said.Some people held during the Oakwood party were keen to participate in the rally. One of them said, \"Police can't behave like dictators. Going for the march is definitely a good idea.\" Fashion choreographer Alison Woodham, said, \"I will definitely attend the rally to support the right of the youth to have freedom to do what they want within the law. I totally disagree with bars and pubs being raided for no reason at all.\" Police had extorted money from her son Ronit Kanuga last month, alleging they were acting on a complaint that loud music was played at his house.Shehbaaz Khan, a real estate professional from Bandra, said, \"I do not own either a restaurant, club or hookah parlour but I am participating in Sunday's morcha because I have seen for myself how horribly wrong these misguided police raids go. I was attending a birthday party in a restaurant with my family last week when a bunch of police personnel stormed in as if it was a nightclub or a dance bar, and began throwing patrons out. It is extremely embarrassing for a self-respecting gentleman who works hard from 9am on Monday to 7pm on Friday to be picked up and hauled off to the lock-up as if he were a common criminal and held there overnight. The restaurant owner, who runs an honourable establishment, closes it on time and keeps to the rules, came to apologise for a crime he had not committed. He was made to pay a fine of Rs 3 lakh, which is more than his income. Each diner had to cough up Rs 12,500 to gain freedom. If overcrowding is cited as a reason for a raid, why not file cases against the BEST and railway whose passengers are forced to hang out of the bus or train compartment due to overcrowding? Why not show how a 400 sq.ft. bogie carries 500 people? The police's intention may be good but its execution is going horribly wrong.\"(With inputs from Bharati Dubey)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14308676", "title": "83-yr-old woman murdered in Vikaspuri; cops suspect kin", "text": "NEW DELHI: Another senior citizen living alone in the capital has been found murdered. The body of Joginder Kaur (83) was lying on the floor next to her bed in the first-floor flat of a three-storey building in Vikaspuri on early Tuesday. Police, who received a call around 5.20am on Tuesday, claimed to be close to cracking the case after getting \"important clues\" from family members. Police sources suspect a \"close family member\" to be involved in the incident. Cops are, however, yet to rule out the robbery angle though only the cellphone of Kaur has allegedly gone missing. According to family members, Kaur was staying alone in the flat, registered in her daughter's name, for the past several years. Her daughter Japnam Sarin (60) and younger son Charanpal Singh (55) are settled in London and she used to visit them often, sometimes even staying away for months. Her eldest son Pritpal Singh (65) and his family live in Uttam Nagar. The ground floor of the same building is occupied by her nephew Gurbax Singh (71) and his family. The second floor is independently owned by one Gagandeep Singh and his family. While Gurbax and his son Harcharan own an industrial generator business in Mayapuri, Pritpal's sons are the owners of one of the city's biggest automobile parts dealership. Kaur, a nurse who had retired as matron from a private hospital, had recently returned from London and used to be in constant touch with her children. \"My aunt had a set plan. She always got up at 3.30am to listen to Gurbani on a Punjabi channel. I get up around 4am and open the door locks so that she could take the first DTC bus at 5.30am to reach Gurdwara Bangla Sahib at Connaught Place each morning,\" said Gurbax. \"On Tuesday, I woke up in the morning as usual but could not open the door of my flat. I called my son and daughter-in-law who, too, found the doors latched from outside. I immediately called up on Kaur's mobile phone but it was switched off.\" Gurbax then phoned Gagandeep but he and some other neighbours too found their doors latched from outside. \"Finding no other option, we came out through a rear door and climbed our wall to find the main door open. Upstairs, the door to my aunt's flat was ajar, too,\" he said. Kaur's bedroom was in disarray with the almirahs open. She was lying dead and blood was on the bed and the pillow. Gurbax said she was hit with a heavy object on the left side of her forehead. Police said her assailants had initially tried to throttle her. The family said Harcharan had returned from a birthday party around 12.05am and till 1am, everything seemed perfect. Additional CP (west) V Renganathan said Kaur's mobile phone was missing. Family members said that though one of her purses could not be found, another containing over Rs 7,000, several hundred euros and pounds and a couple of gold ornaments was left untouched. Although cops found it difficult to believe that nobody heard the assailants, Gurbax claimed there had been at least four other burglaries in a similar fashion in the area in the past one month. \"Cops told us a Bangladeshi gang was active in the area. We fear it might be behind the incident,\" he said. Vikaspuri police has noticed anomalies in the neighbours' statements. \"We are also waiting for the postmortem report to understand how she was murdered. Police are also investigating whether anyone working in the household had passed on information about Kaur's timetable,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14310349", "title": "Air India refutes executive pilots\u2019 fatigue claims", "text": "NEW DELHI: The strike by 400-odd pilots of erstwhile Air India since May 7 keeps throwing shocker after shocker on the gross inefficiency in the way the airline has traditionally been run.While first the aviation ministry discovered that 75% of AI's global schedule was being operated despite 50% or half the pilots on strike, now it has found that the senior most management cadre pilots of AI \u2014 currently operating all international flights \u2014 were also grossly underutilized for doing their primary job of flying.\"AI has 111 executive pilots. Before the strike, about 20 of them were available on an average for flying. Others were busy in training and management jobs. After the strike, the figure went up to 73 in May as they all were needed to fly,\" said top sources.Upset at the government not doing anything to resolve the month-and-a-half-old strike, the executive pilots had recently complained of fatigue and warned that international global operations could not continue for long in such a situation. The aviation ministry refuted this charge also. \"The DGCA allows pilots to fly for 100 hours a month and AI (international) pilots are paid for 80 hours irrespective of how many hours they have actually flown. The executive pilots flew for an average of 67 hours in May. So where is the question of getting fatigued? Also, six of the sick executive pilots have reported back to work in last two days,\" the source said.A senior executive pilot, however, disagreed with some of these finds. \"We are now 110 executives as one has resigned. Four are executive directors and general managers who fly just enough to keep their licences valid. Being instructors and trainers, we have to spend time in simulators. But the figure has never been as low as 20 being available for flying,\" he said. In an effort to broker peace between the Indian Pilots' Guild and the management, the executive pilots met aviation minister Ajit Singh and AI CMD Rohit Nandan, who agreed to take back most pilots except the 10 leaders of the agitation, on whom the decision would be delayed.Meanwhile as the pilots' tiff continues, Ajit Singh has asked Rohit Nandan to form a task force for seeing how AI's loss-making global routes can be tweaked to start recovering costs if not become profitable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14309539", "title": "Young Chandigarh architects on training stint in Europe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Riding high on their architectural aspirations, about 28 youths of a 38-student batch of Chandigarh College of Architecture (CCA) will work on fancy stipends with leading architectural firms overseas.Of these, 22 students will go to European countries, including the Netherlands, Austria , Belgium and France. What adds to their excitement is the handsome stipend being paid to most of them that ranges from 800 Euros to 1,400 Euros per month.From designing power houses to organizing architectural competitions in Europe, their assignments are not only exciting, but innovative too.\"The number of students going overseas for a six-week training is high this year. The firm I will intern with in Europe is 40-year-old and has an expertise in creation of bio-mass plants, wood-fuel power houses and public buildings,\" said Muskan Sajjad, a third-year student who is going to the Netherlands. She will get a stipend of nearly 739 Euros along with lodgingWorked hard to grab offers, say studentsRiding high on their architectural aspirations, about 28 youths of a 38-student batch of Chandigarh College of Architecture (CCA) will work on fancy stipends with leading architectural firms overseas.\"Till last year, 10 to 12 CCA third-year bachelor of architecture students applied for internship abroad,\" said the college officials. The current batch has bagged maximum paid internships overseas.\"I am interning with a firm that has an expertise in landscaping. This European architecture firm also designs schools and hospitals,\" said Mrignaynee, a BArch third-year student, who is going to Germany.It's not just luck, but consistent hard work of months that has gone into grabbing these offers, the students added.Some of them even applied to over 500 firms in several countries to get good offers.\"I applied to at least 300 firms and later zeroed in on two good offers in Germany and Paris ,\" Mrignaynee added.\"The students had tried hard to grab good opportunities. Many of our students are interning overseas... we will be encouraging this trend in future too,\" said Pradeep Kumar Bhagat, principal of Chandigarh College of Architecture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14309941", "title": "Soon, stricter watch on drunk drivers", "text": "LUDHIANA: Those who do not give two hoots about the law while driving under the influence of liquor, beware! The traffic police are going to step up their campaign against drunk driving after city industrialists recently donated 10 alcometers to the department. With the police reportedly having received five of these new sophisticated devices, traffic policemen would man checkposts to sniff out those driving under the influence of liquor.With this campaign expected to set into motion soon, Ludhianvis who have been seeking a stricter watch on city roads at night are finally hoping for a safe drive home. \"It's common knowledge that most of the accidents at night are due to drunk driving,\" said BRS Nagar resident Harish Kaura. He added that a huge percentage of criminal activity in the city had also been attributed to alcohol.Hoping for a well-executed drive by police, Rajinder Singh of Shaheed Karnail Singh said, \"Drinking and driving is just illogical. But people fail to adhere to rules. This campaign will surely curb such incidents.\"Giving the example of metropolitans like Delhi and Mumbai where it is safer to venture out at night because traffic police keep carrying out these drives, Rajguru Nagar resident Ankita said, \"Once the problem of people drinking and driving is controlled, even Ludhiana will become a secure city.\"Assistant commissioner of police (traffic) Naveen Singla said the alcometers they had received were of a far better quality than the Chinese ones they earlier had. \"The new devises are more hygienic and we will train the staff to use them.\" He added that the campaign would formally begin next week and strict action would be taken against defaulters. \"Earlier, we used to release such persons after cutting a challan against them. But we're working out a new system whereby a case would be registered and the offender would be produced in the court of duty magistrate,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14309755", "title": "'It took 3 days to apply under old system; now it's a matter of 2 hours'", "text": "Passport\u2014the most important document of citizenship is also the most difficult to obtain. The Passport Seva Project was supposed to bring the service right into the homes of people through online form submissions, appointment bookings, tracking mechanism, SMS alerts and the like. Additional secretary Basant K Gupta of CPV Division, MEA, and chief passport officer Muktesh Kumar Pardeshi told Manimugdha S Sharma their side of the story. Following are the excerptsPassport\u2014the most important document of citizenship is also the most difficult to obtain. The Passport Seva Project was supposed to bring the service right into the homes of people through online form submissions, appointment bookings, tracking mechanism, SMS alerts and the like. Additional secretary Basant K Gupta of CPV Division, MEA, and chief passport officer Muktesh Kumar Pardeshi told Manimugdha S Sharma their side of the story. Following are the excerptsQ. The Passport Seva Project was supposed to simplify the application process for the common man. Instead, it has left thousands confused. What is your take on that? Gupta: This has been the most successful project of the 23 mission-mode projects by government of India. We have successfully implemented the egovernance model and created a direct interface between the applicants and the passport authority. Under the old system, it took three days to apply for a passport; now it's just a matter of a couple of hours. There is no reason why there should be so much confusion. We understand that we need to simplify the process; but this project has a lot of enemies, too, and they are resisting this change. People with vested interests are spreading rumours to defame the project. Any new concept needs time to gain acceptance. And ours is very much new; in fact, the 77th PSK became functional only on June 15. We need some time to iron out the rough edges. You will have to give us credit for the fact that since 1955 and until this project kicked off in 2010, there were just 37 passport offices all over the country. Today, we have 77 PSKs in addition to the 37. Give us some time\u2014at least a few months\u2014and we will make this system better.Q. Passport is the most important document of citizenship. It is the Fundamental Right of a citizen to get one. But due to your stringent measures, most applicants are ending up frustrated. Why have you made the process so difficult? Pardeshi: There are security concerns. There have been numerous cases of anti-social elements obtaining passports against fake documents. In one state, as many as 150 fake voter ID cards had been submitted as identity and residence proof. Again, we found a few officers had been issuing verification certificates (Annexure F) in bulk. Thenceforth, we decided to cross-check each and every detail provided by applicants. That's why we insist on annexures I and F.Q. But that's only adding to the woes of the applicants, who stand for hours in queues, only to be turned back to fetch more documents. Do you think that's fair? Pardeshi: Once you get your passport, you will not have to come to any PSK for another 10 years. We are only asking for two hours of your time in 10 years.Q. Most of our readers have complained about being harassed by PSK officials. They say government officials are ruder than TCS staff. How do you respond to that? Gupta: I don't think so. People should not lose their calm when they have to wait or there are delays. If you have a short fuse, even the most patient of people can get worked up. We have successfully processed seven million applications so far, so people should have faith in us. We are releasing a passport manual for PSK staff, which will be a ready reckoner for them. We will also hold training programmes for our staff so that they can handle people better.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14315359", "title": "Angelina Jolie donates $100,000 to Syrian refugees", "text": "Hollywood star Angelina Jolie has donated $100,000 to aid Syrian refugees, the United Nations refugee agency said on Wednesday.The Oscar-winning actress is a special envoy of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) and made the donation on World Refugee Day.In a statement marking the occasion Jolie said the solutions to the world's growing number of displaced people were political as well as humanitarian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ranchi/bokaro", "code": "14310755", "title": "Cops solve dacoity case within 10 hours, 1 held", "text": "RANCHI/BOKARO: Police achieved a breakthrough in a dacoity case within 10 hours of the crime being committed with the arrest of one criminal and recovering Rs 4.21 lakh cash and part of the looted jewellery.DSP Rakesh Mohan Singh said agroup of 5 to 7 seven dacoits simultaneously entered three flats at a building in Morhabadi locality of Ranchi on Tuesday midnight. \"All the criminals were armed with country- made weapon and crude bombs. They immediately overpowered the residents of the flats in Pushpanjali Apartment and tied them up with ropes,\" the DSP said.The dacoits also threatened the inmates with dire consequences if they tried to raise an alarm. \"For the next two hours the dacoits collected valuables and cash worth Rs 20 lakh, including Rs 5 lakh in cash,\" the DSP said.One of the criminal even took a shower and changed his clothes which was later found by police in the bathroom of one of the flats. While leaving the dacoits loaded the booty in a vehicle and sped away.\"When police got came to know about the incident in the morning a sniffer dog was pressed into service. The dog traced the vehicle used by the dacoits at a deserted place on Bariatu Road,\" Singh said. Police also recovered a country-made pistol and a crude bomb near the apartment.Meanwhile police received a tip-off that some of the dacoits had boarded the Hatia-Patna Superfast Express. Ranchi police immediately got in touch with Government Railway Police and their Bokaro counterpart.\"The moment the train reach Chandrapur in Bokaro district, it was thoroughly searched during which one Yogender Mahato was arrested from whom police recovered a part of the booty, including Rs 4.21 lakh and some gold and silver jewellery from his possession,\" a police officer said.During preliminary interrogation Mahato told police that there were 10 members in the gang which committed the crime. \"Mahato also revealed that he was taking the money and part of the looted jewellery, which was handed over to him by the other gang members, to Siwan in Bihar ,\" the officer said. Mahato is a native of Siwan.\"Mahato also provided some important information about the other members of the gang and they will be arrested soon,\" the officer added.The victims who were severely assaulted by the dacoits are in a state of shock. \"They even did not spare our children,\" said Ranjana Baral who house was also looted by the dacoits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14308641", "title": "HC notice to four acquitted accused in Adnan case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has issued notices to four acquitted accused in the Adnan Patrawala case.Hearing petitions filed by Adnan's father Aslam Patrawala and the state government challenging the acquittals, a division bench of Justice A M Khanwilkar and Justice A R Joshi scheduled the case for hearing on July 25.On August 19, 2007, Patrawala, son of Andheri-based businessman Aslam, was allegedly kidnapped by five of his friends. The five allegedly strangled Adnan to death in Navi Mumbai after their plan to extort Rs 2 crore as ransom went awry. and the police got a wind about the kidnapping.Patrawala's body was found in his car at Palm Beach Road in Vashi.The accused were charged with kidnap, murder, extortion and destruction of evidence. A fifth accused, who was a minor, was tried by the Juvenile Justice Board. Earlier this year in January, a sessions court acquitted the four, Sujit Nair, Ayush Bhat, Rajeev Dharaiya and Amit Kausha, for lack of evidence.Aslam filed an appeal under a new provision of the Criminal Procedure Code that allows a victim or his/her legal heirs to file an appeal against an acquittal. The state, too, filed an appeal claiming the trial court had erred in acquitting the accused. The state claimed that it had submitted circumstantial evidence. and statements of witnesses during trial to nail the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14314849", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee reaches out to CPI-M for support", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahead of the Left meeting tomorrow to decide on Presidential poll, Pranab Mukherjee has reached out to CPI-M general secretary Prakash Karat to seek his support but did not get any commitment.Mukherjee, the UPA candidate for the top post, telephoned Karat on Wednesday as part of the exercise to get support from non-UPA parties.Sources said Karat was non-committal and told him that CPI-M Polit Bureau was meeting on Thursday followed by a meeting of Left parties where a decision on the issue will be taken.Besides Karat, Sitaram Yechury and S Ramachandran Pillai (CPI-M), A B Bardhan, Sudhakar Reddy and D Raja (CPI), Debabrata Biswas and G Deverajan (Forward Bloc) and T J Chandrachoodan (RSP) will attend the Left meeting.Left parties account for around 51,000 vote value in the electoral college of 10.98 lakh vote value.Prior to the meeting of Left parties, the CPI-M Polit Bureau is also meeting in the capital where the issue of Presidential poll will be discussed among other subjects.The Left parties have kept a suspense on the issue of support to the UPA nominee, saying they were not bound to back the ruling coalition's candidate.\"We are not bound, we are not part of the alliance of Congress and UPA that we have to support anybody they propose,\" Karat had said.The CPI-M had earlier decided to consult secular and Left parties before finalising a stand on supporting a Presidential candidate.Top leadership of UPA has already spoken to Karat and Bardhan seeking their support for Mukherjee.The Presidential poll, slated next month, was also discussed in the recent CPI-M Central Committee meeting, which authorised the Polit Bureau to formulate the party's strategy on the election after discussing the issue with other Left and like-minded secular parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14310840", "title": "Varanasi girl stands 2nd in BHU-PMT(Main) exam", "text": "Varanasi: Two city girls have emerged in the top 10 list of BHU PMT-2012 (Main) Examinations, the result of, which were declared on Tuesday evening. The list includes a total of four girls in the top 10 list and as many as five candidates from UP in the list.As per reports of BHU PMT Cell, Garima Sharma did city proud by securing second place in the examination while another city girl Vritika Bhardwaj secured seventh rank in these examinations. Pallavi Sahu from Kota (Rajasthan) emerged as the topper of the examination, which was held in BHU campus on June 17 last.The first counselling will be conducted on July 06 while second counselling will be held on July 20. The counselling would be conducted for a total of 84 seats for MBBS including 42 seats for general, 22 seats for OBC, 14 seats for SC, five seats for ST and one seat for OBC (Physically handicapped) candidates.As per reports of JRS Tutorials, a premier coaching institute for medical and engineering competition, as many as eight candidates from the institute have cracked the main examination. The list also includes Garima Sharma, who secured second rank in the examination.Similarly, as many as three students of Alpha Tutorials, another coaching centre in the city also cracked the BHU PMT (Main) Examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "vedaranyam", "code": "14310599", "title": "2 crore worth heroin seized, four arrested", "text": "Vedaranyam: The 'Q' branch CID police on Wednesday arrested four persons for attempting to smuggle one kg of heroin to Sri Lanka from Vedaranyam in Nagapattinam district here on Wednesday.Acting on a tip-off , the 'Q' branch police of Nagapattinam conducted a search in Vedaranyam to nab the smugglers. During their hunt, the personnel grilled four suspected persons in the area. They found that the suspects possessed one kg of heroin worth Rs 2 crore in the international market. Investigation revealed that they were about to smuggle the heroin to Sri Lanka. The police arrested four persons - Suryakarthik, Muruganandham, Pushpavanam Senthilkumar from Thopputhurai in Vedaranyam and Madhan from Sri Lanka and seized the stuff.Later, they were brought to Thanjavur for further investigation. Then they were produced in Vedaranyam court. The heroin was handed over to the Narcotics Control Bureau in Nagapattinam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14309079", "title": "'Unsafe water for half of city'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost half of Delhi is drinking unsafe water, says North Delhi Municipal Corporation. Last week, the civic agency tested 258 water samples across its six zones, of which 50% have turned out to be unsafe. In Narela, all 50 samples were not fit for drinking while 85% of samples taken in Civil Lines Zone had turned out to be unsafe. Delhi Jal Board has rubbished the reports. \"Even DJB does sampling; the corporation has taken samples unscientifically. They collect samples from underground tanks or somebody's coolers. If half of Delhi is drinking unsafe water, all hospital beds in the city would be full by now. They (corporations) are supposed to be doing joint sampling with us but they aren't as their public health department manipulates the report under the influence of deliberative wing,\" alleges Sanjam Chima, DJB spokesperson. She adds if the corporation has stumbled upon such findings, it should inform DJB first but it didn't. Corporation officials claim the report is prepared after the samples clear all scientific methods required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14308246", "title": "Jagan fear factor: Congress may seek solace in TRS company", "text": "HYDERABAD: Concerned over the political threat from Jaganmohan Reddy, the Congress high command is believed to be considering going forward on an issue that they have been stonewalling till now - the Telangana impasse.Following the rout of the Congress in the Seemandhra region and the narrow victory margin for the TRS in Parkal in the recent assembly bypolls, the grand old party is dropping hints that it wants more than an alliance with the latter. Disclosing this to TOI, highly-places sources said a positive decision on the Telangana front is the only one with which the Congress can hope to remain a political force in the state before the 2014 elections. \"The strategy is to regain the hold in the Telangana region by granting the separate state on the condition that the TRS should merge with the Congress. The party can then concentrate on rebuilding itself in the Seemandhra region where the threat from Jagan is formidable, as the recent bypolls showed,\" said the sources. But TRS, though seeking Telangana, knows the dilemma of the collapsing Congress in the state.According to the sources, the Congress is upbeat on the issue of going forward on Telangana and the TRS merger. While such a formula is more in its interest, Congress leaders are claiming that it is the TRS that has sent the feelers. \"The TRS has come forward with a proposal of merger. I have definite information from the Congress high command about the merger proposal,\" minor irrigation minister and Seemandhra leader T G Venkatesh told TOI.Venkatesh, who had a series of meetings in New Delhi during the last two days with senior Congress leaders Ghulam Nabi Azad, Vayalar Ravi and S Jaipal Reddy, said Telangana state was round the corner. \"The Centre is inching towards Telangana and this is the outcome of the TRS merger proposal,\" he said.According to him, except the Congress, all the other political parties are agreed on Telangana. Venkatesh, who has been raising the issue of the rights of Rayalaseema districts since 2000, has the apprehension of a midnight T-announcement as was done on December 6, 2009, by home minister P Chidambaram. \"The Rayalaseema people should be informed of the decision well in advance,\" he said.Party scion K T Rama Rao said: \"Telangana has to happen and certainly will become a reality in the run up to the 2014 elections. This is our understanding.\" TRS senior leader T Harish Rao denied that the party has been in touch with the Congress leadership,\" he said. But in the same breath, Harish Rao added: \"The political situation in the state has evolved to a level that the Congress can no longer dither on Telangana. Telangana should be created if Congress were to survive in Andhra Pradesh,\" Harish told TOI from Warangal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14315979", "title": "Saikumar receives Bharath Gopi Memorial Award", "text": "Saikumar is a proud man these days. The popular Malayalam actor has received Bharath Gopi Memorial Award. The award consists of the amount of Rs.10001/- and a memento.Actress Praveena has selected for Manavaseva Pursakar. The awards will be presented on the Annual Celebration of Manavaseva Trust on June 30 at Attingal.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14309607", "title": "Students Organization of Panjab University worried about poor placements", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Students Organization of Panjab University (SOPU) staged a protest outside University Institute of Pharmaceutical Science (UIPS) on Wednesday. The students expressed their resentment on poor placement scenario of the department, citing that the placement brochure for this year is yet to be printed.Akhil Bansal, a final year student of masters of pharmacy, said students had earlier approached the chairperson regarding placements, but nothing was done on the matter.\"Students with high ranks in Common Entrance test who opted for pharmacy and after spending six years in this department, they are placed nowhere,\" asked a student.The students questioned the functioning of the placement committee of the department. PU dean student welfare A S Ahluwalia assured students that a department placement committee will be formed within next three days.Residents dissatisfiedPanic gripped residents of Sector 32-B on Wednesday when some unruly youths went on the rampage, smashing window panes of three cars.Police official said, \"We are suspecting it to be the handiwork of some drunk youths, who are staying at paying guest accommodations in the city. We are recording statements of people, who passed from that area at the time of the crime.\"Police have registered a case against unknown persons and have started their investigation.The people, whose cars were damaged however were not satisfied with the probe.\"Cars that are parked right outside one's homes too are not safe in the city. We are totally dissatisfied with the police probe and don't expect much out of it,\" said one of the persons, whose car was damaged in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14308584", "title": "Land identified for Journalism university", "text": "JAIPUR: The proposed Mass Communication and Journalism University is set to come up at the Knowledge Corridor in Renwal village in Jaipur.In this regard, the Jaipur Development Authority has been directed by the government to allot the identified land to the university on Wednesday.The ordinance draft prepared by the information and public relations department has been sent to the law department. \"We are planning to conduct classes in media rooms behind the main building of Suchna Kendra,\" said S S Bissa, commissioner and secretary (info and public relations).This is the country's first state university dedicated to journalism.Sources said the higher education department has ruled out any possibility of beginning the course from this session at the makeshift campus. \"They may start diploma course by the mid of the session,\" they said.A committee has also been constituted to design course structure for the university. Syllabi of other universities such as the Indian Institute of Mass Communication, Kushabhau Thakre University of Journalism and Makhanlal Chaturvedi National University of Journalism and Communication are being consulted.\"We are studying the courses of other universities and will take the best from each. There will be a few new additions keeping in mind the current practices followed in the media,\" added Bissa. The state has issued Rs 10 crore for setting up of the university and is keen to make it fully operational before the assembly elections in 2013.The government has announced six universities in the state budget 2012. The proposed universities include Sardar Patel Police and Security University in Jodhpur, Brij University in Bharatpur, Matysa University in Alwar, Shekawati University in Sikar, Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar Law University in Jaipur and Rajiv Gandhi Tribal University in Udaipur.Land has been identified for Police University in Jodhpur, Shekawati University in Sikar and Matysa University in Alwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14311176", "title": "Nitish's remark to help Gujarat chief minister,says Paswan", "text": "PATNA: LJP chief Ram Vilas Paswan on Wednesday said here that Bihar CM Nitish Kumar's recent statements against Gujarat CM Narendra Modi would help the latter in Gujarat assembly polls. He said Nitish's statement would polarize Hindu votes towards Narendra Modi. He said that Narendra's Modi's party men in Bihar are, on the other hand, harping on the so-called secular credentials of Nitish Kumar.Paswan demanded to know from Nitish Kumar whether senior BJP leader L K Advani is secular or communal. He recalled that Nitish was a party to the NDA decision to project Advani as the prime ministerial candidate during the last parliamentary elections. Why didn't Nitish at that juncture raise the issue of projecting a man with secular credentials as the NDA candidate for the post of prime minister? Paswan asked. He said the BJP's main agenda is Hindutva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "14307571", "title": "Trapped leopard leaps back to life", "text": "JALPAIGURI: On May 28, a leopard fell into an open water tank at Sangatram Tea Estate and after toiling for hours, officials from the Mahananda Wildlife Sanctuary finally managed to pull it out, using a ladder. That experience came in handy on Wednesday, when another full-grown male leopard got stuck in a 17-feet water reservoir at Haskhowa tea estate near Bagdogra in the Terai region.This time, the forestors took prompt action to save the wild cat, which had exhausted its energy by trying to scale up the smooth reservoir wall for more than an hour. Around 8am on Wednesday, workers of Haskhowa tea estate first spotted the leopard in the water tank, which is inside the garden. According to a garden worker, the leopard tried its best to get out of the tank, but it fell into the water every time it tried to climb up the reservoir wall.The workers immediately informed the garden authority, who, in turn, rang up the forest department. By 9am, a team of forest workers reached the spot from Sukna with tranquilizers and other equipment that they felt will be necessary to pull the leopard out of the tank. Last time, a ladder did the trick but due to high water level, they had to think something different this time.\"Unlike the previous incident, water in the tank this time was about 5-feet deep. So we had to think otherwise,\" said Kanchan Banerjee, a forester. Finally, a net was lowered into the tank and a safe passage for the leopard was made by clearing the crowd who came to witness the rescue operation. \"This was to ensure that the animal can run to safety after climbing up,\" Banerjee said.\"There was no injury as the leopard got a clear passage to the adjoining jungle. It was in sound health condition,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14307434", "title": "Agent held for cheating customer, advertising agency", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A complaint of forgery has been lodged at Navrangpura police station against the owner of a travel agency. The accused Parth Bhatt was arrested on Wednesday for cheating customer after promising to book air tickets for them.Bhatt, said police, has committed a fraud of Rs 30 lakh by cheating both his customers and an advertising agency. The complaint has been filed by Harshit Patel, a resident of Navrangpura. Patel's family members stay in the US and pay frequent visits to the city.According to his complaint, Patel contacted the travel agency which is located on the CG Road in February. His family members planned to go back to the US in July. Patel gave Rs 4.4 lakh to Bhatt to purchase return air tickets for his six family members.Subsequently, Bhatt handed over six tickets to Patel.In February, some 20 days after the transaction was completed, Patel checked the status of the tickets online. He was shocked to learn that the tickets had been cancelled. When they approached Bhatt, the travel agent assured to get him a second batch of confirmed air tickets. However, Bhatt never delivered the ticket and kept making false promises.On Wednesday, Patel approached Navrangpura police and filed a complaint. Cops then tracked down Bhatt and arrested him.Meanwhile, owner of an advertising agency named Abhivyekti, Bhimji Nakrani also registered a complaint at the same police station against Bhatt. Nakrani claimed that Bhatt had got his travel agency's advertisements published in various newspapers through his company. However, all the 22 cheques worth Rs 25 lakh given by Bhat in lieu of payment for the advertisements bounced. Despite repeated requests by Nakrani, Bhatt did not pay up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14307393", "title": "A lion's share of tragedy for this cub", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Akash, one of Thiruvananthapuram zoo's most pampered possessions, won't walk again. The one-year-old male lion cub has been paralyzed after both its hind legs weakened irremediably.The cub, which used to hop around jauntily, began to wobble a week ago. Two days back things worsened. Akash would try every now and then to lift himself only to collapse on the floor of the cage. He visibly writhes in pain every time he strains to stand up and play with his sister Aradhana, who is of the same age.\"He was born with defective limbs. But we never expected this to happen so suddenly. Now all we can do is administer some pain killers just to make him feel good,'' a zoo official said. Although the zoo officials mulled over physiotherapy, they dismissed the idea due to the genetic nature of the defect. ''Since it is congenital there is nothing much we can do. Even physiotherapy is unlikely to produce any fruitful results,'' the official added.It is learnt that a few weeks ago, the cub suffered an injury on its leg after a fall that . ''The fall might have hastened the paralysis.We had always taken special care of Akash. We had even separated him from Aradhana for sometime and fed it separately,'' another zoo official said.The paralyzed lion cub will soon be made an off-exhibit and shifted to a separate enclosure.The sorry fate of the cub has of course put the authorities in a serious dilemma. As per the guidelines of Central Zoo Authority, euthanasia or mercy killing is not allowed for animals in a zoo. Zoo rules, 2009, however, says that euthanasia is allowed in certain cases.In case the authorities desist from mercy killing, it is likely that Akash will have to spend the rest of his life prone on a cage floor, without being able to stand or walk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14314348", "title": "Thuppaki teaser in 1st week of July", "text": "Vijay's fans were expecting that there star's upcoming movie Thuppaki will have its trailer release on his birthday date. But much to there disappointment, sources say that the trailer release will be only in the first week of July. Thuppaki director AR Murugadoss, has replied to Vijay fans on Twitter and clarified that the trailer will be released ten days after the actor's birthday and requested them to cooperate with him. He tweeted, \"New releases and Vijay sir's bday make June 22 big. Thuppaki teaser wil come after 10 days. Pls bear with us.\" The reason being the makers of Thuppaki has been cautious that the promotions may go unnoticed due to the release of Ajith's Billa 2 by next week, and Saguni hitting the screens this Friday.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14314342", "title": "Krish finally finds his soul mate!! but is Rajni the one?", "text": "Destiny and time are two of the biggest players in life. You get what is written in your destiny no matter how hard you to try to refrain yourself from it.And you get it only at the right time, neither before it nor after it. Krish and Rajni are destined to be together as their lives are crossing each other's path again and again. Krish who did not believe in love till destiny crossed his path with Rajnibala, falls in love with her and literally it is love at first sight.But he is a very confused soul as he battles his feelings for Paulomi who he is engaged to marry. Torn between Paulomi and Rajni, Krish finally decides to follow his heart and confesses his affection for Rajni and decides to marry her. Everybody is ecstatic, especially Krish's Mother, who has prayed fervently so that she gets a suitable match, for her beloved son. The day has finally arrived when Krish and Rajni tie the knot and their life is set to take a pleasant turn. After the most picture-perfect marriage, its Rajni and Krish's first night together. Both are nervous but at the same time are extremely excited about being together. Unlike a typical Suhagraat, Krish and Rajni have humorous moments, which make their night even more special. Krish makes the most of this situation and pours his heart out to Rajni. On the other hand Rajni remains mum and doesn't say a word. This leaves Krish eager to know what Rajni feels for him. What will happen next? Will Rajni confess her feelings for Krish? Will this marriage be forever or is there a twist.....To find out, tune in to Byaah Hamari Bahoo Ka tonight, Thursday 21st July, at 8pm only on Sony Entertainment Television.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14308621", "title": "16% applicants fail driving licence test in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: One in every six person taking a driving test to become eligible for licence in the city fails. Regional transport department (RTO) findings indicate that a large number of licensed drivers still lack knowledge of basic rules of the road. But some say the test needs to be tougher to control ever increasing chaos on roads.\"About 75% could not identify the right action to follow on approaching a steady yellow traffic light and many remained confused about following simple safety rules,\" said assistant regional transport officer Sanjay Tiwari.Of 10 multiple choice questions asked by the RTO, anyone scoring 6/10 sails through. However, additional questions asked during the driving stumped a few others.RTO data indicates that the failure even across all ages. Results also indicate that the older drivers around 35-40 years of age faired better.\"Some could not even get the answers right for simple objective answers like if all passengers in a car wear a seat,\" he added. According to RTO, some 34,000 licence aspirants took the test between April 2011 and March 2012, of which 16% failed the test.Interestingly, analysis indicates that repeat candidates are more likely to fail. As per rule, a candidate cannot take practical test (driving test) until he passes the theory exam. A month after clearing the theory exam, the candidate is eligible for a driving test.\"The idea of a test is to ensure that drivers are sensitised and educated to reduce accidents,\" said MANIT assistant professor Siddarth Rokade. \"The test has to be made more stringent to make people conversant with the rules,\" he added, giving an example of a man in Britain, who failed in driving theory tests for 92 times.Simulator test: Many unaware of basic rules!It is a simple video-game to test your driving skills. It creates a near virtual representation of traffic hazards and instructs a player on ways to manoeuvre. Resembling the framework of a motorbike it comes with manual and automatic transmission. \"A few simple ways to look at how safe driving is your driving,\" explains Farhana, an attendant, at a two-wheeler dealer in the city.\"Most of people, who take test, come here to purchase a vehicle. The game evaluates their riding skills,\" she added. Players pass through highways, street corners and residential area in a four-minute game.\"Phew! I just missed hitting man and that car door opened all of a sudden,\" said Rohit. \"It is a near virtual replication of hazards on streets,\" he added.At the end of the 4-minute drive, a player is handed over a score sheet with a grade B and gets tips on how to become a better driver. \"Some are careless, others over-confident, but we find many are just ignorant of basic rules,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14308439", "title": "'Book acid attackers under stringent charges'", "text": "MUMBAI: While estate agent Doodhnath Verma continues to battle serious injuries, the Vanrai police have invoked charges of \"attempt to murder\" against the perpetrators. Verma, 45, had been abducted from Goregaon (E) on Monday and taken to Mira Road where he was beaten, robbed and acid was poured into his eyes by five men.The Kashimira police registered a case of kidnapping and assault, before transferring it to the Vanrai police in whose jurisdiction the offence began. On Wednesday, about 25 relatives and neighbours of Verma gathered outside Vanrai police station to protest the absence of stringent sections in the FIR.\"We have added attempt to murder charges and also recorded a second statement of Verma. No arrests have been made yet; we are trying to identify the culprits,\" senior inspector Suresh Shinde said. Three police teams have been formed to look into the case and the crime branch, too, is conducting a parallel probe.\"For the past month, my husband was receiving calls from unknown persons. I believe they were tracking his movements,\" said Anita, Verma's wife.On Monday, Verma had called home around 3 pm and told his son that he was headed home. He did not mention about meeting anyone on the way. It was only when he did not return home by 8 pm that Anita called him on his cellphone, which was switched off, and suspected something was amiss.\"The men poured acid into Verma's eyes on four occasions, after an interval of an hour everytime. Doctors fear that he might lose his vision,\" said his lawyer. Verma pleaded with his attackers against torturing him. He told the cops that he had screamed in pain as the acid stung his eyes, but the attackers reacted by caning him with an iron rod on his legs.\"Verma was unable to notice the registration number of the car, which was used to abduct him, as he was blindfolded. The registration number would have made it easier for us to trace the vehicle,\" a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14307084", "title": "Students face 'school change' threat after changing address", "text": "MUMBAI: Parents of 15 students studying at Arya Vidya Mandir School in Bandra (E) were surprised when the school asked them to pull out their kids from the school. These parents are among the few who changed their residence in the past couple of years and the school now claims that they don't fall in the \"school zone\" as mentioned at the time of admission.\"The school issued a circular last year asking parents to inform the school if they have shifted their residence recently. We did what we were asked to and suddenly we were called to the school to be told either to shift back to the old residence or pull out our children from school,\" said Ranvir Ahuja (name changed), whose children are studying in the school for four years. Ahuja was living at Dadar in a company rented flat and had to shift to Kurla in 2010 after the lease ended. \"First thing I checked before shifting was if the school sends its bus to that area. Many students of the school live in my society but the school has not bothered to check with them,\" added Ahuja. After much deliberation, the school extended the admissions of his children for a couple of months. Ahuja has now been asked to meet the school principal to convey his decision on whether he will withdraw his children from the school or change his residence.According to a rule listed in the school diary, parents have to intimate school authorities about change of address. But only those parents who intimated the school are now in trouble. \"I shifted my residence in 2010 and one year later they informed me that I need to withdraw my children from the school. I managed to get my son into another school but my daughter is still studying at AVM,\" said Jyotsana N (name changed) mother of another student. \"The school principal refuses to give us anything in writing or even countersign our letters. Following several requests, she finally agreed to give me an extension for a year. My daughter is feeling bad because she will have to leave her friends soon,\" she added.Authorities at the education department were shocked. Sanjay Deshmukh, director of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) said, \"The compulsion for students to be from the area as mentioned by the school is valid only at the time of admission. Once the student has sought admission, it is the parents' prerogative if they want to shift their residence and as long as the parent can manage to send and pick up the child, the school has nothing to complain against.\" He also asked the parents to file an official complaint with the education department and SSA. \"The school has no right to expel students on such flimsy grounds and once the parents file a complaint, we will definitely take action,\" he added.For two days in a row TOI tried getting in touch with the school principal, Pramila Kudwa, but to no avail. On Wednesday, a spokesperson told our reporter that the school will directly get in touch with the education department in this matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14307211", "title": "India\u2019s poverty removal pitch wins the day in Rio", "text": "NEW DELHI: India won the day, with the 192 countries gathered at Rio de Janeiro agreeing that eradicating poverty should be given the highest priority, overriding all other concerns to achieve sustainable development.After a bitter fight with the developed countries, who wanted the objective of poverty eradication be made subservient to creating a 'green economy', India's demand to put the goal of removing poverty above all other objectives in the final Rio+20 declaration \u2014 called \"The Future We Want\" \u2014 was agreed to. The proposal found the unwavering backing of the G77 countries. The document, agreed upon on Tuesday and presented to the heads of states on Wednesday for final approval, says, \"Eradicating poverty is the greatest global challenge facing the world today and an indispensible requirement for sustainable development.\"The developed countries had opposed the reference to removing poverty in a separate paragraph of the Declaration's preamble.The European Union (EU) had specifically pitched the Rio+20 summit as a 'green' summit and advocated that the heads of states should endorse a prescriptive green pill for the entire world and force a time-bound road map for the countries to shift to costlier clean modes of production.India also led a diplomatic masterstroke for the G77 developing country block in demanding $30 billion fund for sustainable development, starting next year. The developed countries had stalled negotiations on how the world should fund the move towards sustainable development in an attempt to diminish their existing obligations to provide money and technology to the poor countries. But the radical demand, engineered by India, forced the US and EU to take a middle ground and agree to setting up an inter-governmental process of determining where funds and technologies would come from to achieve the sustainable development goals (SDGs), which too would be elaborated through a negotiating process over the next few years.The G77 countries stuck to their guns in ensuring that the EU does not force a pre-determined set of themes on which SDGs are set up. EU had been keen to select more green themes \u2014 such as renewable energy targets - for the world to achieve under SDGs, but the developing world had again argued against giving primacy to green concerns over other 'pillars of sustainable development' like economic and social parameters. They had been concerned that once the SDGs are set for environmental parameters, the EU would dither from setting targets for other areas. A steadfast opposition by the US also for such goals ensured that the EU push was countered successfully by the end of the negotiations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14315897", "title": "Mohanlal becomes General Secretary of Amma?", "text": "Innocent and Mohanlal are again selected as the President and General Secretary of AMMA, the association of film stars. Edavela Babu is the Secretary. K.B. Ganesh kumar and Dileep are appomited as the Vice Presidents and Kunchako Boban is appointed as the treasurer. This is the 4th time, Innocent and Edavela Babu are appointed for this position.The election of members for the executive committee will be happening on coming Sunday at venue of the annual meeting at Hotel Abad Plaza, Kochi.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14309793", "title": "Maharahstra cops, NIA botch up probe in Maoists case", "text": "NEW DELHI: In yet another example of lack of coordination among various anti-terror agencies, a case registered against four Naxals by Maharashtra police has put the National Investigation Agency in a fix over its own investigations into the CPI (Maoist) arms manufacturing case.The NIA had cracked the case with the arrest of CPI (Maoist) technical committee member Sadanala Ramkrishna by West Bengal police in March. In a coordinated operation, the Maharashtra ATS had arrested four of Ramkrishna's associates, including senior Maoist leader Asim Kumar Bhattacharya, from Thane near Mumbai for assisting in arms manufacturing.Interestingly, even as NIA prepared to take over the accused from Maharashtra police as it was the same module, the ATS handed them over to Gadchiroli police which booked them in a 2007 landmine blast case registered in Purada police station in the district.The development has virtually ruled out the possibility of NIA taking over the Maharashtra case as both the cases are now distinct in nature. The agency has applied for custodial interrogation of the accused and will be provided their custody on July 2. The accused are lodged in Nagpur Central Jail.\"Only one of the four accused has been booked in connection with the arms manufacturing case. That too was thanks to Maharashtra police finding a cache of rocket launcher spare parts and a manufacturing unit in Raigad district of the state. Ideally, all the accused should have been booked in the case. That way, the NIA could do a seamless investigation after taking over the case,\" said an official privy to the developments in the case.The NIA will now have to interrogate the accused booked by Gadchiroli police, collect corroborative evidence and only then book them in their case.The NIA had taken over the Ramakrishna case from Kolkata police in April and arrested four more alleged Maoists. The agency had found stockpiles of spare parts meant for manufacturing rocket launchers in Kolkata and other places. It had also found that Ramakrishna had shipped thousands of low-cost rocket launchers to Chhattisgarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "rio de janeiro", "code": "14314128", "title": "India, China agree to step up defence and security dialogue", "text": "RIO DE JANEIRO: India and China on Thursday agreed to step up their defence and security dialogue and work to take steps to ensure that the two countries achieve a $100 billion trade target by 2015.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his Chinese counterpart Wen Jiabao spoke of the need to continue with this dialogue at their 40-minute meeting on the sidelines of the Rio+20 Environment Summit.Briefing reporters after the meeting, foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai said that during the discussion on trade and economic cooperation Prime Minister Singh invited Chinese investment in infrastructure in India.Mathai also said that Indian rice exports to China will commence soon.Reflecting the good chemistry shared between them, Wen told Singh that their meeting in Brazil was the 13th between them.Mathai said the two leaders also discussed the issue of trans-border rivers flowing in India and China during which Beijing agreed to transfer of information in this regard to New Delhi.Official sources said this move sent a strong signal from China on sharing of information with India on the rivers issue. This was also important since India was a lower riparian country.\"Defence and strategic dialogue (between India and China) should continue and be stepped up,\" Mathai said.The two countries have already agreed to establish a \"strategic and cooperative partnership for peace and prosperity\". They have also reiterated their intention to promote regular ministerial-level exchanges and make full use of the strategic dialogue and other bilateral dialogue mechanisms. Prime Minister Singh also spoke of Indian naval ships recently visiting China.On the boundary question, Singh and Wen said the special representatives of the two countries have been asked to prepare a joint work done so far. The two leaders also spoke of the joint mechanism set up by the two countries. The mechanism was floated by Wen last year.Mathai described as good the bilateral meeting. He said the two countries are on track to achieve $100 billion trade target by 2015.Chinese authorities have already given the green light for Indian exports of basmati rice following a long and tortuous six-year process that has been seen as underscoring the difficulties of navigating the complex bureaucratic hurdles that bar entry into the China market.This year negotiations were on since at least 2006, when President Hu Jintao visited India. It took another visit from Hu six years later, when he travelled to New Delhi last month for the BRICS Summit in April, to give the final push to a long-running process.Indian exporters can begin shipping basmati rice to China after both countries agree on a mutually satisfactory quarantine protocol.On the trans-border rivers issue, China has maintained that its hydropower project on Brahmaputra river in Tibet was not obstructing the water flow to India. It has also said that its dam was not big enough to affect the lower riparian regions like in India.But Arunachal Pradesh government says that the Brahmaputra river was suddenly found to have almost dried up at a town in the state; Tsangpo river is the Tibetan name for Brahmaputra. It originates from Angsi glacier, located on the northern side of the Himalayas in Burang County of Tibet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14310796", "title": "Indian women's cricket team set off to conquer England", "text": "MUMBAI: The bitter memories of their defeat to Australia still fresh in their minds, the Indian women's cricket team departed for an all-important England tour in the early hours on Thursday. The Indian women will take on the hosts in five ODIs and two T20s between June 26 and July 12.A humiliating series whitewash at home against the Aussies, in March, led to a major reshuffle with Mithali Raj being reinstated as skipper in place of Anjum Chopra. Niranjana and Mona Mishra are the other two who have found a place ahead of Mamta Kanaoujia.Speaking on the eve of their departure, Mithali hoped the players would perform to their potential.\"England are a very strong team and facing them in their backyard is not going to be easy, but we can only be confident and do our best,\" she said adding \"The team has a good mix of the new and experienced players.\"Mithali, however, ruled out suggestions that a change of captaincy is the only recipe for success.\"These decisions are for the selectors to make. As far as the girls are concerned, we are all professionals and have played together for sometime now. These changes won't matter at the end of the day. This is an important series and we have to perform as a team,\" she said.With only four days to get used to the conditions there, the Indian team will make the most of their time by playing warm-up ties against the Irish women's team and a local club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14310905", "title": "Association to move Supreme Court over ban on sun films", "text": "MANGALORE: The Car Owners and Consumers' Association (COCA) will file a review petition in the Supreme Court with regard to the ban on the use of sun films on four-wheelers.The petition will be filed by advocate Padma Prasad Hegde when the court re-opens after vacation. He told TOI that the court banned films on the basis of a PIL filed by Avishek Goenka without hearing other parties involved.\"There are lakhs of consumers and car owners who use these films, who were not heard at the time of passing the order. The matter should have been given wide publicity before passing the order,'' he said.According to him in areas like the coast where temperatures are high, sun films are needed to cut the harshness of the sun and also to improve cooling efficiency. \"In the absence of which more fuel will be spent on cooling. Moreover, we are not asking for dark tints, but within the permissible limits of the Motor Vehicle Act,'' he added.A bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar went by the limits prescribed in the MV Act and said anything beyond the visual light transmission (VLT) limit of 70% for the front and rear windshields and 50% for the side windows would be punishable.Hegde added that not all could afford manufactured tinted glasses which cost a bomb. The decision came on a PIL filed by Avishek Goenka, who had complained that cars with black films on window panes were being increasingly used for crimes, including sexual assault of women.Hegde said, \"We want to place all facts on record before the court.\"Association president Mukesh Hegde said that only high-end cars come with tinted glass. \"Tinted films are affordable by all and films within VLT should be allowed,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14307537", "title": "Language of success coming near you", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Learning English is easier now. The Society for Creation of Opportunity Through Proficiency in English (SCOPE) - set up by the Government of Gujarat - is organizing an international conference from June 22 to 23.The conference is being held in association with HM Patel Institute of English Training and Research and will take place at the institute's campus in Vallabh Vidyanagar. The event is based on the theme 'Bridging the Gap Through English: Education, Equity, Empowerment and Employability'. More than 100 research papers will be presented at the conference.Times Foundation has signed a memorandum of understanding with SCOPE and is working as a partner in promoting English in Gujarat. Their joint initiative, Embrace English, will be launched soon through which English Language Proficiency Tests will be conducted in schools, colleges and corporate houses across Gujarat.As for the conference, besides raising awareness among professionals, it will offer insights into language testing and certification and their impact on employability for language learners. The conference also aims to analyze sector-specific needs of industry, create networks with international specialists on areas of local concern, and connect cultures through shared interests.Around 400 participants, including international delegates, are expected to attend. Potential speakers include distinguished figures from India and abroad, representatives from industry, corporate house leaders, and members of the academic world.The UK's Cambridge University , which is the assessment and certification partner of SCOPE, will also participate in the conference. A plenary and panel discussions by industry and academic experts will be among the items on the programme. The conference is exclusively sponsored by CASIO India Co. Pvt. Ltd.SCOPE has been set up by the Government of Gujarat to build English language proficiency among the youth of Gujarat. It is the most successful PPP model in the state with an established network of more than 400 centres run through five zonal training partners. Over 300 colleges are also SCOPE's centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14307887", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation to settle property mutation cases in 2 days", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking cognisance of long pending cases of property mutation, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) for the first time since the last decade has organized a special camp to settle all cases.Additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare told TOI that there are many complaints related to long pending cases of mutation. \"Special camps will be organized at all zone offices on July 9 and 10. Those who submitted their applications on or before May 31, 2012 should submit a copy and all necessary documents with the respective zone on or before June 30. The officials concerned will take a decision on the cases within eight days. All cases will be settled in the two-day camp,\" he said.Better late than never, the NMC has realized the difficulties being faced by the citizens in getting mutation of their properties done. Many corporators and even chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari have pointed out negligence of the officials concerned in mutation cases. Kumbhare has received many complaints alleging intentional delay in settling the cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14314236", "title": "Builder asks Ajay Devgn to pay up Rs 1.1 cr", "text": "Appu Wadhwani has filed a legal complaint against Bol Bachchan makers to get his token money backReaders may recall our story of November 17, 2011 about the roadblock hit by Bol Bachchan starring Ajay Devgn and Abhishek Bachchan . We had told you how the distribution rights of the Devgn-Ashtavinayak remake of Hrishikesh Mukherjee's 1979 comedy Golmaal had been sold for a mindboggling Rs 53.2 crore to a Nagpurbased builder Appu Wadhwani. However, soon after Wadhwani paid up the token amount of Rs 1.1 crore, the deal fell through as the builder felt the terms and conditions of the contract were completely one-sided, putting the film up for sale, yet again.At the time, Wadhwani had said, \"I am not going ahead with the all-India theatrical rights of Bol Bachchan .\"And now, Wadhwani has gone a step further and filed a case against the producers of the film, demanding return of his token money. The builder confirmed the news and added, \"I wrote several letters and sent many text messages to the makers of Bol Bachchan regarding my money. They kept dilly-dallying. It is clear they don't want to give the money back. I have no option but to file a legal case against them. What they have done to me is totally unacceptable.\"He added, \"In our legal complaint, we have requested that Bol Bachchan should not be allowed in theatres until our dues are paid. We await justice.\"Both Devgn and Ashtavinayak remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14308515", "title": "Santa Cruz gangrape: 2 sent to cop custody", "text": "MUMBAI: The Santa Cruz police on Wednesday produced two gangrape accused before the court, which remanded them in police custody till June 26. The accused and his six accomplices had threatened to kill the 24-year-old victim's two kids and raped her over six months.Recently, the victim's husband learnt about her ordeal and the couple approached the police for help. The cops verified the allegation and registered the offence only after they were convinced about the incident.Though the police managed to trace two of the accused, six others fled.On Wednesday evening, over 100 relatives and friends protested outside the police station and tried to block traffic alleging poor investigation in the case. The police assured them that the culprits would be arrested soon.The victim is married to a garment businessman and had shifted to Mumbai in 2008. One of the accused, who lived in the victim's building, was aware that the businessman used to be away at work the entire day. Last December, he went to the victim's house after her husband left for office. He threatened her with a knife and said he would kill her two kids who were present in the room. The accused then locked the kids in another room and raped the woman.Later, a friend of the accused also raped the victim. He even sent five other friends to her house to commit the crime. Once, three accused raped the victim on same day in gap of few hours with similar modus-operandi.The police said they are trying to trace the six absconders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14309173", "title": "CM to pass through Coimbatore to Kodanad, security upped", "text": "COIMBATORE: Chief minister J Jayalalithaa will arrive in the city on Thursday enroute to her estate in Kodanad in the Nilgiris district. She is expected to arrive here after 11am in a special aircraft from Chennai and board a chopper from the city airport to Kodanad.According to a statement issued by the CM's office on Wednesday she will oversee matters of governance and policy making from Kodanad before returning to Chennai after a few days.A high level meeting of police officials was convened here in the city on late Wednesday evening to review the security arrangements for the CM. \"All security measures will be taken in view of the chief minister's visit. Elaborate arrangements are being made and senior police officials have been entrusted with the monitoring of security,\" said T P Sundaramoorthy, inspector general of police, West Zone.A team of senior police officials from Chennai is expected to arrive here on early Thursday morning ahead of chief minister's arrival and take stock of the situation before she takes off from the state capital. City airport officials will also make adequate arrangements inside the airport for the chief minister before she boards the chopper.Party sources said she is expected to stay in Kodanad for at least three weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14311102", "title": "Sanitary works begin in Ambad", "text": "NASHIK: After the Ambad Industries and Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) took up the sanitation woes of industries with the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), sanitary works began in the Ambad MIDC area from Tuesday.Following complaints by the industrialists, around 75% areas have been made garbage free and two garbage collecting vehicles have been deployed in the industrial areas. A delegation from AIMA, led by its president Suresh Mali, had recently visited various parts of Ambad MIDC to review the sanitary and pre-monsoon works which were to be undertaken by the NMC there.The delegation found piles of uncleared garbage at several locations within the area. The delegation then met the officials from the Cidco division of NMC, who assured them that the areas would be made free from garbage piles within next three days and adequate garbage collecting vehicles were going to be provided specially for the industry.Speaking to TOI, Suresh Mali, president, AIMA, said, \"NMC has already started sanitary works to make the areas free from garbage piles. Around 75% areas of Ambad MIDC have been cleaned, while the rest of the areas are to be cleaned in a day or two. The number of garbage collecting vehicles is going to be increased shortly. \"\"Every year, sanitary works are carried out before the monsoon begins. This year, NMC did not start the work even after the monsoon began. This also led to foul smell. We met NMC officials and brought the situation to light. Sanitary operations were immediately started in the industrial areas,\" Mali said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14314472", "title": "Preity Zinta\u2019s big bash for Isabelle", "text": "With her co-star Isabelle Adjani and the Ambassador from France, the actress played the role of a host to the T at the bash held on Tuesday nightBollywood's fascination with the French seems to be on a rise. Close in the heels of Balaji's declaration of their film The Dirty Picture releasing in France on July 4, comes a party hosted by the French Ambassador Francois Richier. On Tuesday, he flew down from Delhi to celebrate for two time Academy Award Nominee Isabelle Adjani's induction into the Hindi film fraternity. Isabelle is a part of Preity Zinta's comeback venture Ishkq In Paris.The party on Tuesday night was attended by the who's who of Bollywood , including the cast and crew of the film. Director Prem Raj Soni told this newspaper, \"It was a big night for me. I was busy taking care of the guests. I couldn't eat anything from the spread. Everybody had a lot of fun. We have just shot some crucial scenes with her and have a couple of days left before we wrap up.\"The spread that Soni missed out on consisted of mainly Indian fare. While the starters included a variety of prawns, Mediterranean style chicken and cheese along side the more Indian kebabs and tikka, the maincourse was purely Indian - on Isabelle's request. \"The decor was French inspired with dim lighting and slow music,\" revealed a guest.And all eyes were on Isabelle, who came dressed in a Tarun Tahiliani designed scarlet anarkali . \"She had told her director Prem Soni that she wanted to wear something Indian,\" revealed an insider.Amitabh Bachchan was spotted having a long chat with Isabelle. \"They discussed the two countries and food. Preity was a great host. She was busy introducing Isabelle to Atul Agnihori, Alvira Khan, Sameera Reddy , Sanjay Suri and Sophie Chaudhary. The lead actor of the film Rhean was introduced to the fraternity formally. Preity took charge of it all,\" added the eyewitness.Preity's close friend Sussane Roshan made it for the party despite running fever. \"Preity was very happy to see her. She kept addressing Sussane as 'Jappy'. In fact, Hrithik too was supposed to be there for the party but he was busy shooting for a commercial. He sent a text message to Preity earlier saying that he wouldn't be able to make it,\" said the eyewitness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14308599", "title": "Man attacks father, injures him critically", "text": "BHOPAL: A 37-year-old man attacked and critically injured his father at New Basera, Kotrasultanabad, late on Tuesday night.Ramesh, 65, was fast asleep in his house when his elder son Garib Das hit him on his head with a blunt iron object.The victim's wife Shanta and younger son Ganesh intervened and managed to save his life. He was rushed to Hamidia Hospital where his condition is said to be critical.The accused was arrested soon after the incident and was sent to jail. Police said the motive of crime is still not clear but prime facie domestic feud appears to be a cause.The accused pretended to be mentally disturbed in front of the police. He said he was under the influence of some supernatural power at the time of the incident. The family members informed the police that he has not been keeping well since the past few days.The police have booked the accused after his mother lodged a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14310043", "title": "Govt plans to make you pay highway toll forever", "text": "NEW DELHI: Highway users should brace for paying toll even after the private road developer or the government recovers the capital investment with the interest. A new plan finalized by the government has proposed that road users would pay user charge for \"efficient\" operation and maintenance of the highway stretches in perpetuity.Under the new model, the highways ministry wants to levy a fee for projects taken up under short-term operation-maintenance-transfer (OMT) contracts for six to nine years, arguing that it has inadequate budgetary allocation to maintain highways. This is despite the government levying a cess on petrol and diesel for construction as well as maintenance of highways. Besides, the toll that the user pays has a portion earmarked for maintenance of the highway, which goes to the developer that could be the government, for the concession period.\"At present, we pay almost Rs 600-700 crore annually for maintenance of government-funded National Highways. Moreover, we don't have that manpower to keep tabs,\" said a senior NHAI official.The ministry has also said that the OMT toll would help the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) avoid revenue leakage and improve operation of highway projects. This fiscal, the ministry has planned to award around 3,020km - all public-funded stretches - through this route for their maintenance.\"The private player will collect the notified toll on behalf of NHAI. Once the capital investment is recovered, the user fee would reduce to only 40% of the prevalent toll since the private player would need much less to recover the operation and maintenance cost,\" said an NHAI official.So road users will pay, say, Rs 20 every time they use the road during the 20-year contract term, and then shell out another Rs 8 in perpetuity for maintenance of the highway. Of course, the toll will rise annually to factor in the impact of inflation.Backing the proposal, a ministry official said that projects are awarded via OMT mode would help improve the quality of roads and there is every probability that the NHAI and highways ministry would earn a premium or upfront revenue.To push the award of projects and to ensure that procedural delays don't halt this, principal secretary to the PM, Pulok Chaterjee, is holding the meeting on Thursday.However, the Planning Commission has already put a spoke in the expeditious awarding of OMT projects. Responding to an inter-ministerial circular issued by the highway ministry, the Plan panel has said that the total project cost (TPC) should include the original investment in creating the asset, minor and major maintenance for the OMT contract period. This has been objected by the ministry.\"There is no logic of including the original capital investment in the TPC. If we go by their suggestion the TPC would be high and for every project we have to take it to the PPP accounts committee for approval before awarding it. Moreover, we are only giving the project only for a short period,\" a ministry official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14307328", "title": "'Train school bus drivers before issuing licences'", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the close shave for a school bus ferrying 34 children, parents and activists called it another example of the unregulated manner in which the school bus sector operates.\"How can a driver speed at a railway crossing, especially when he can see the gate closing? What's worse is that he fled from the spot once the bus got stuck. Ferrying the children to and from school is the driver's responsibility,\" said activist Indrani Malkani. She added that drivers should be trained by authorities before they are issued driving licences.On Tuesday afternoon, 65-year-old Bhiku Dagdu Parde moved past the first railway crossing gate at Panvel, despite a warning siren about approaching trains. The bus, however, could not cross the second exit gate as it was shut. Fortunately, passers-by alerted drivers of both trains and both stopped a few metres away from the bus. What infuriated parents and authorities was that instead of trying to help the children, the driver tried to flee.\"The safety policy is far from being implemented soon as the government is behaving very lax on the issue. Such incidents make it difficult for us to send our children by school buses,\" said Aarti Narayan, mother of a student from a suburban school.Many school bus owners claimed that they train drivers after hiring them and before allowing them to work regularly. \"Especially after implementation of the School Bus Safety Policy, we ensure drivers are trained well about rules and regulations. We have never heard of such a case before,\" said Anil Garg, president, School Bus Owners' Association ( SBOA). He added that drivers are explained about 'no-speeding' at signals.\"The bus driver is at fault in this case and should be punished. We should also check the condition of the bus as it stopped working when it got stuck at the crossing,\" said Garg. Some bus owners told TOI that they will hold a special session with drivers on speeding and other important rules.\"Traffic and driving etiquette training should be mandatory for all bus drivers, be it for private vehicles or government vehicles. Such acts are putting our children in danger and nobody is taking responsibility,\" said Nilesh Sawant, a parent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "14310604", "title": "Lohardaga town lacks basic facilities", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Had the authorities concerned timely completed several major development projects like bypass road, solid waste management plant, bus stand and house for urban slum dwellers Lohardaga town could have been an ideal place to live in.The bypass road project which could have given people here respite from severe traffic congestion has been pending from over four years. The Rs 5.12-crore project given to the rural development department for execution in 2007-08 to construct an 11-km-long bypass road from Baxi Deepa to Patra Toli has not yet seen light of day. Work was to be done in two phases.Officials say while the first phase from Gangupara to Oyena a 1.9 km stretch worth Rs 3 crore has been completed, construction work for the remaining eight km is pending. Executive Officer of Lohardaga municipality NK Singh said, \"Land acquisition in the main reason for pendency in this project.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14308176", "title": "Pattabhirama Rao seeks special prisoner status", "text": "HYDERABAD: Claiming he was falsely implicated in the cash-for-bail case, T Pattabhirama Rao, the judge who was suspended following bribery allegations, on Wednesday sought special class prisoner status in jail. He cited health reasons for the same. Following objections from the ACB counsel, the ACB court judge posted the case to June 22 for further hearing. Pattabhi is accused of granting bail to mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy in return for certain alleged monetary considerations.The bail order given by him was later cancelled by the high court which, apart from placing Pattabhi under suspension, also gave its green signal to police to proceed against him in accordance with law. Meanwhile, ACB, which arrested Pattabhi's son Ravichandra and another former judge T V Chalapathi Rao in the case, sought five days custody of the two for custodial interrogation.The court will take up this plea on Thursday. It will also hear on Thursday the bail pleas of Ravichandra and Chalapathi along with the anticipatory bail plea of the middleman and another accused in the case P Yadagiri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14310667", "title": "Sam Higginbottom Institute of Agriculture &amp; Technology entrance test conducted", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The all-India entrance examination of Sam Higginbottom Institute of Agriculture &amp; Technology (SHIATS) was held at 26 test centres across the country on Wednesday.Media in charge of SHIATS, Arun Yadav said the entrance examination was conducted at Allahabad, Agra, Bareily, Bhopal, Bhubaneswar, Kolkata, Chandigarh, Deharadun, Guwahati, Gwalior, Hyderabad, Imphal, Indore, Jaipur, Jodhpur, Kohima, Lucknow, Nagpur, Nashik, New Delhi, Patna, Raipur, Ranchi, Bangalore, Shilong and Udaipur. The test was conducted peacefully with no reports of any untoward incident form any of the test centre.In Allahabad, the exam was held at Bishop Johnson School and College, Civil Lines, Merry Lucas School &amp; College and Merry Wanamaker Girls Intermediate College, Katra.The entrance examination was held in two shifts, in first shift examination for admission in undergraduate programmes was held between 9am and 11am. In second shift, examination for admission in postgraduate courses like BEd, Med, BPEd etc, was conducted from 1pm to 3pm. Yadav added that more than 10,000 students appeared in the entrance examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14310858", "title": "Vegetable wholesaler shot at by motorcycle-borne miscreants", "text": "Varanasi: In a wee hour incident a prominent vegetable wholesaler Jivan Chand Patel was shot at by some unidentified motorcycle borne miscreants at Andhrapur crossing on Wednesday. According to reports, Jivan, a native of Ghanti mill area under Sigra police station, was heading towards his shop in Pahadia Mandi area in a pickup van around 3.30 am with his driver. When the van was passing through Andhrapul crossing two motorcycle borne miscreants overtook it and opened fire at Jivan. The latter was fortunate that he sustained minor injuries in his middle finger of right hand in this attack.After it the miscreants fled from the scene while the van's driver rushed him to a hospital in Maldahiya area. On receiving information of the incident many senior officers including SP City Santosh Kumar Singh reached the hospital. In his complaint, Jivan alleged that about a fortnight back he had received a threatening call on his mobile number. He was issued threat of dire consequences for overlooking the demand of paying huge amount as extortion. However, the SP City denied that police had received any complaint by the trader in this regard.On the other hand with the spread of the news of incident, scores of traders gathered at the hospital. The Varanasi Nagar Udyog Vyapar Mandal condemned the incident and criticized the police for deterioration in law and order. They expressed concern over increasing attacks on traders. The Mandal office bearers and members including Premnath Mishra, Sanjiv Singh and Shobhnath Maurya warned to launch massive agitation in the case of delay in arrest of assailants.Woman along with her daughters charred in fire: A woman and her two daughters were charred when fire caught in her house in Tarhari village under Lohta police station on Wednesday afternoon.The trio died on the spot while the villagers saved one of her daughters by breaking a wall of the mudhouse.According to reports, Anant Lal Maurya, a painter by profession, lived with his wife Pramila, son Pawan (5) and three daughters including Sagun (3), Payal (6) and a sixmonth-old baby in a mudhouse.In the neighboring mud-house his parents lived with his two unmarried brothers. On Wednesday afternoon Pramila was preparing lunch for her family on a kerosene stove when Anant left home for his workplace.The motorcycle of Anant's brother was standing at the same place.It is suspected that due to sparking in stove fire caught in the motorcycle. Due to it the tank exploded and the fire spread in the room. Pramila, who along with six-monthold baby and Sagun was present near the stove did not find the opportunity even to raise and alarm, and died on the spot due to sustaining serious burn injuries. Payal, was standing near a window where the flames had not reached.The villagers came to knew about the incident on hearing her cries. They immediately broke the wall of house to rescue Payal.Pawan also survived in this incident as when the fire caught in the room, as he was sleeping with his grandparents in the neighboring house. On receiving information of the incident Lohta police reached the incident site while fire fighters were also called. After initial investigation the police are considering it an accidental fire incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "rewari", "code": "14311637", "title": "Rewari farmers' ultimatum against land acquisition?", "text": "REWARI: A group of farmers from seven villages on Wednesday issued 20 days ultimatum to the state government to withdraw the decision to acquire their agriculture land in Rewari village of the district.The state government has served notices to the residents of these villages to acquire about 100 acres of land for setting up industrial sectors. The farmers launched an agitation in protest against the move and even opposed the district officials who went to these villages last week for demarcation of land.According to information, residents of some villages, including Banipur, Putahera, Manglesar, Garhi Aasaswas in Bawal block of the district have been on dharna for the past few days at the district headquarters. They were planning to hold a panchayat on the issue on Wednesday, when the deputy commissioner, CG Rajnikanthan intervened and invited them for talks.Bhoop Singh, a farmer informed that the DC had assured them to resolve the issue soon. \"We submitted a memorandum to the DC urging the state government to withdraw the notices for the acquisition of land till July 10. We will resume our stir if our demand is not met\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14310224", "title": "Relax age limit for disabled, HC tells govt", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has asked the state government to consider relaxing the upper age limit for disabled persons applying for the post of anganwadi workers. Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar, passing orders on a writ petition seeking relaxation of upper age limit for disabled applicants up to 10 years, said on Tuesday that the last date for disabled to submit applications shall be extended by at least two weeks. The last date was earlier June 20. Noting that the original deadline would be in force for other applicants, the judge said the selection process will commence after the revised last date for the disabled. The matter relates to a petition filed by the Tamil Nadu Association for the Rights of Differently Abled and Caregivers. Though 3% of seats are reserved for disabled candidates, the upper age limit for the posts were not relaxed. The petition said that without age relaxation enough number of disabled candidates would not be available for the posts. Besides the April 15, 1964 government order giving age relaxation for physically handicapped persons, the petitioner cited Section 38(1)(b) of the Persons With Disabilities (Equal Opportunities, Protection of Rights and Full Participation) Act 1995, which too provided for relaxation of age limit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14310260", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation to install 10,000 LED streetlights", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) plans to install about 10,000 Light Emitting Diodes (LED) streetlights across the city, replacing the existing high pressure sodium vapour lamps (HPSV) wherever possible. The budget allocated for the same is Rs 3.70 crore for 2012-13.\"The current energy consumption with sodium vapour streetlights in various parts of the city is about 421 lakh kilowatt hour (kWh) annually. The LED technology, wherever applied, will reduce the current consumption by approximately 40-45%,\" said an official from PMC's electrical department, adding that there are currently about 1 lakh sodium vapour streetlight fittings in the city.The official said that replacing these lamp fittings with LED streetlights is an initiative that began in 2010-11 and aims to conserve energy. \"We replaced about 5,000 sodium vapour fittings with LED fittings last year in areas such as Warje, Karvenagar, Tingrenagar, Yerawada, Gokhalenagar, Apte Road and Ghole Road, among others.\"However, he said it is impossible to replace all sodium vapour lamp fittings with LED fittings as roads with high amount of traffic need sodium vapour lamps, which have more luminance in comparison to LED lights.\"LED streetlights will come up wherever possible, such as secondary roads with less traffic,\" he said.An energy audit undertaken in 2010-11 had also identified various areas where energy consumption can be reduced, including sewage pumping stations, water pumping stations, street lighting and civic body's administrative buildings, including auditoriums and crematoriums as well as hospitals.In 2010-11, the civic body installed as many as 985 LED fittings across the city, followed by another 5,000 in 2011-12. The official said that as part of the initiative, a 250 watt sodium vapour lamp will be replaced by a 90 watt LED light. \"A 150 watt sodium vapour lamp will be replaced by a 70 watt LED light and a 70 watt lamp will be replaced by a 50 watt LED light, so on and so forth; thus saving about 40-45% energy,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14310585", "title": "Pascal given tight security in prison to stop assaults", "text": "BANGALORE: French consulate official Pascal Mazurier, who was arrested after his wife accused him of raping his minor daughter, has been provided with security personnel outside his cell in Parappana Agrahara central prison. The measure comes in the wake of fears that the French national may be subjected to \"emotional assault\" by fellow inmates.It may also be recalled that Mazurier was assaulted by an unidentified man in Bowring Hospital, where he was taken for medical tests on Tuesday, after his arrest.Mazurier was lodged on the ground floor of the jail's VIP block. Former minister and mining baron G Janardhana Reddy is lodged on the first floor of the same block.Sources said Mazurier, who was brought to the prison at 8pm on Tuesday after he was remanded to 14 days in judicial custody by a magistrate, spent a sleepless night and was seen sitting on the bed most of the time.\"He looks totally shaken and needs some time to get acquainted with his prison surroundings,\" sources said.On Wednesday, Mazurier chose not to converse with other inmates. Clad in blue jeans, he was seen walking near his cell later in the evening.On Tuesday night, a French national accompanied Mazurier till the main gate of the Parappana Agrahara. \"He was taken to the admission room and a senior police officer helped him get his papers processed and cleared. Then he was taken to his cell,\" the sources said.\"Pascal was given food wrapped in silver foil. The food was brought by the French national who had accompanied him. He was given bananas, biscuits and mineral water,\" the sources said.Another foreign national, believed to be a consulate official, met Mazurier on Wednesday morning. \"They talked for around an hour, and food brought by this visitor was given to Pascal,\" the sources said.Mazurier's 12ft x 10ft cell has an attached bathroom with a raised commode (which can be used both in Indian and western style). The room doesn't have a cot. The sources said a new mattress, a blanket and mosquito curtain were brought to the cell on Tuesday night. A 20-inch television set is the sole mode of entertainment for the 39-year-old deputy head of chancery in the French consulate. Pascal was seen watching National Geographic on Wednesday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14311117", "title": "Now, Patna University moots manual evaluation", "text": "PATNA: The much-publicized scheme of Patna University (PU) to launch computerized evaluation of answer sheets of its Degree Part-I examinees this year is facing a rough weather due to procedural wrangling and infrastructural constraints. The university is now contemplating to continue with the old system of manual evaluation.PU examination controller Binay Soren said though the scheme of computerized evaluation of answer sheets of BA, BSc and BCom Part I examinations of 2012 was initiated to ensure timely publication of results and greater transparency in the entire process of evaluation, the university did not have sufficient infrastructure for the purpose. Hardly 25 to 30 computers could be made available for evaluation work while minimum 100 computers were required for the purpose. Moreover, the scanning of answer books was also taking its own time. At the present pace, the evaluation work cannot be completed before October, said a PU official.Soren, however, claimed that the answer books of BSc Part I examination would be evaluated through computers. About 4,000 students of PU have appeared at the BSc Part I (H) examination this year. The computerized evaluation of science students would commence on Thursday. The evaluation of answer books of BA and BCom Part I examinations would be done manually, he said.Earlier, the university had signed an MoU with a Bangalore-based firm 'Mind Logic' for the purpose. The company installed large scanners and some computers to facilitate the scanning and evaluation of answer books. Under this arrangement, all the coded answer books of examinees were being scanned and uploaded on computers, said PU computer centre in charge K P Singh. Examiners having their own codes would be handed over the computers for evaluation. As soon as the examiner enters his code, he would be able to access the answer books he is supposed to evaluate.The examiner would be required just to evaluate the answer books and enter the marks for every answer. He need not total the marks, which the computer would do. The examination results of students would be published within two to three days of evaluation of answer books, Singh said.Soren said the results of all the examinations of PU, save MA, MSc and MCom Part I, and Degree Part II and Part I examinations, have been published. The pending results would be published within a fortnight, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14311194", "title": "'Bhumi pujan' of largest Hindu temple today", "text": "PATNA: Mahavir Mandir Trust of the city is all set to start construction of the largest Hindu temple in the world from Thursday. Five pandits (priests) from Kashi (Benaras) have come to perform 'bhumi pujan' of the temple on a plot of land at Bahuara-Kathwalia villages on Kesariya-Chakia road in East Champaran district.The trust has already acquired 100 acres of land for the project and is ready with Rs 200 crore in its kitty.The 'bhumi pujan' would be done in accordance with Indian 'shastras' from 8am to 10am on Thursday. Mythology has it that Ram and Janaki had arrived here after their marriage on way to Ayodhya from Janakpur, according to Acharya Kishore Kunal, secretary of the trust, who is the man behind this mammoth project.\"This largest temple in the world will be known as 'Viraat Ramayan Mandir'. It will borrow architectural designs from the Angkor Wat temple in Cambodia , and Rameshwaram and Madurai temples in Tamil Nadu. The 'shikhars (spires)' will be after Angkor Wat temple. Whereas the Angkor Wat temple has got 9 spires, this 'Viraat Ramayan' temple will have 12 such spires. In addition, six other spires will be like the South Indian temples,\" said Kishore Kunal and Piyush Sompura, the main architect of the temple from Gujarat.Talking to reporters here on Wednesday, they said the temple would have 18 sanctum sanctorum and an equal number of shikhars. The main sanctum sanctorum would consist of the idols of Lord Ram, Sita, Lava-Kush and Maharshi Valmiki. These would be built with stones brought from Chunar in Mirzapur district of UP.All major episodes of Ramayana would be presented on the temple premises either in the sanctum sanctorum or in the galleries which will have electronic gadgets brought from Spain for the purpose, they said.Piyush Sompura of Ahmedabad has made the design of this temple and is actively associated with this project, which will cost more than Rs 300 crore and get completed in a span of 7-8 years. This will be the largest Hindu temple in the world in length, width and height. Sompura also showed a short film on various aspects of the templeAfter construction of the temple, Mahavir Mandir Trust, which has established four charitable hospitals in Patna , would establish a school where students from below the poverty line sections would be imparted free education. In addition, it would establish a charitable hospital which would be the branch of cancer and paediatric hospitals run by the temple trust in Patna, Kunal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14308820", "title": "Accused's bank details sought", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC) police on Wednesday wrote to banks, seeking details about transactions in the bank account of Sajjad Pawale. He was arrested last week for leading a mob, which attacked the office of the British deputy high commission in BKC.A police officer said information of Pawale's bank account will provide them with information on the mode of money flow into his account. \"Pawale has claimed that he earns by conducting lectures on share trading and also is a share trader. He said this helped him earn Rs one crore in no time. Information from the bank will give a precise status of Pawale's money transactions and its source,\" said the officer.The investigation teams are also going through the credibility of the NGO that is run by Pawale and his wife. Apart from the BKC police, the state CID, Intelligence Bureau (IB), State Anti-Terrorist Squad (ATS) and the protection branch of the Mumbai police are going through Pawale's record to ascertain his link and the actual intention for the attack.Pawale told the police that he the step of leading the mob into the consulate office thinking the officials will help in getting him British asylum. \"During his last visit to UK in 2007, Pawale said that he learnt through someone that one can get British asylum by convincing the UK consulate that his/ her life is in danger in a particular country where he/ she stays. Also his younger brother is a businessman in UK this made him to work on this line to approach the UK consulate to convince that his life is in danger from one of his partner with whom he has parted ways. We are investigating his claims,\" said BKC police senior inspector Chandrakant Bhosle.Meanwhile, Pawale's accomplices, in their statements, said that they did not really think about the consequences after attacking the consulate. \"They said Pawale convinced them that once he get asylum, he can help them too in getting the same. This made Pawale's accomplices to follow him,\" said the officer.Pawale and his 27 accomplices will be produced again before the Bandra Court on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14310883", "title": "Coastal districts continue to receive heavy rain", "text": "MANGALORE: Rain continued to be benevolent on the state's coast with Kundapur in Udupi receiving 164 mm of rainfall in the last 24 hours ending at till 8.30 am on Wednesday. On Tuesday, Byndoor in Udupi recorded a maximum rainfall of 116.50 mm.Dakshina Kannada also received widespread rains in the last 24 hours ending 8.30am on Wednesday. Bantwal taluk received the maximum rainfall (98 mm) in the district.While Mangalore taluk received 89mm rainfall, Puttur, Belthangady and Sullia received 67.5mm, 52.5mm and 23.5mm rainfall respectively, according to the Karnataka State Natural Disaster Management Centre which is monitoring progress of SW monsoon.Rainfall recorded in various centres in the taluk is as follows: Moodbidri 89mm, Puttur 48mm, Uppinangady 48mm, Gurupur 88.5mm, Kadaba 29.5mm, Panaje 23.5mm, Kokkada 26mm, Bantwal 44.50m, Belthangady 43mm, Mangalore (A) 43.50mm, Mangalore (B) 41.50mm, Sullia 10.50mm, Mulki 54mm, Panemangalore 46mm, Bilinele 23.50mm, Padangadi 46mm, Naravi 52.50mm, Indabettu 41.50mm; Aithoor 31.50mm; Kanyana 98mm; Badagayedapadavu 82.50mm; Shishila 23.50mm; Kodambadi 67.50mm; Aladangadi 48.50mm; Sangabeltu 90mm; Hosabettu 71.10mm; Harihara Pallatadka 6mm; Kolnad 71mm, Ajjavara 16mm; Alletty 9.50mm; Savanuru 35mm; Tannirapantha 37.50mm; Koila 34mm, Koyyuru 46mm; Yenmurau 22.50mm and Dharmasthala 36mm.The centre authorities said that heavy rain was received in parts of Dakshina Kannada, Shimoga, Udupi, Uttara Kannada districts and rather very heavy rain was received in parts of Chikkamagalur district.The centre added that conditions were favourarble for the further advance of southwest monsoon into the remaining parts of central Arabian Sea and Konkan and Goa, and more parts of interior Karnataka in the next three days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14308136", "title": "Greater Hyderabad municipal corporation ill-prepared to face monsoon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Given the state of preparedness of the civic authorities, Greater Hyderabad residents should pray that they are not subjected to a heavy spell of monsoon rain. This is because the GHMC has been caught napping --- the desiltation of the nalas is still half done and the disaster management cell of the civic body does not have either the manpower or the wherewithal to handle water logging and the other woes that hit the city with the first spell of the seasonal rain.Last Monday was an indicator of this. The city experienced 4 cms of rainfall, and there were long traffic chaos at all the arterial roads. \"Thanks to the desilting of nalas remaining undone, indiscriminate road cutting and battered roads all over, there will be major traffic chaos, water-logging and unprecedented flooding of the roads and the low-lying areas when a heavy and long spell of rain occurs,\" said a civic official. Road cutting has been going on at many major roads in the city despite a ban on works during monsoon as the GHMC stops giving permission to various agencies for such work in May itself. However, traffic chaos prevailed on the Sardar Patel road where the CPDCL dug up the road for laying a 220 KV line. The busy stretch continues to be a mess as the completed portion of the road has not been re-carpeted yet. Similarly, road cutting is going on at Road No 3 Banjara Hills, resulting in traffic chaos during the peak hours.According to sources, the desiltation of the nalas should have been completed by May 31 itself. However, only 80% or about 550 kms of the 700 km desiltation work was completed by the time monsoon rain hit the city. This would mean that several areas are in for major flooding when a torrential downpour occurs.On paper, the GHMC's disaster management cell has five zonal control rooms and one central emergency control room mandated to operate round the clock. \"The emergency wings personnel also have material like pumps to bail out the water from stagnation points, tree cutters, nylon ropes, torch lights and trucks. But this is hardly enough to cater to 60-lakh population,\" said sources.GHMC officials said the only way flooding and water logging can be prevented is when the nalas are remodeled and other works like the routing of the lakes are taken up. \"But all that would require funds to the tune of Rs 20,000 crore, an amount that the GHMC is in no position to cough up. Hence, Hyderabad residents should be prepared for water logging and traffic snarls during the monsoon,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14311021", "title": "Need an able mayor to manage city affairs, say Kanpur lawyers", "text": "KANPUR: Nagar Nigam has no shortage of resources and it requires an enthusiastic, prudent and able connoisseur to manage its working.And a good mayor would change the status of city, said several men in black coat in Kanpur Nagar district court. The lawyers expressed their views with logic over the issue of election of mayor.They said that within the limits of Kanpur Nagar there are more than four lakh houses and business installations. Their fair assessment would alone inflate the coffers of the Nagar Nigam.Anoop Kumar Dwivedi, former general secretary of the Kanpur Bar Association, claimed that due to corrupt practices, several houses were either not assessed or if assessed they were under-assessed.A fair assessment would change the picture of Nagar Nigam and enable it to execute development work in a proper manner.Peeyush Awasthi, general secretary of KBA, opined that a collection of around Rs 200 crore from fair assessment alone would make Nagar Nigam self-sufficient in terms of funds.The assessment should be made mandatory at the time of registration of any property and it would turn out to be a permanent source of income, he added.Suresh Srivastava, advocate, said that interference of political partys should be checked in civic elections and the mayor should be equipped with all powers. A toothless mayor could not do any thing for city, he added.Several advocates alleged that Kanpur had been declared a metropolitan city 35 years ago, but till this date civic facilities are not at par with most of the city's of its size in the country. They also alleged that elected members after election get involved in minting money and dump the proposals of city's development in cold storage. Moreover, the mayor and corporators are toothless they could not take action against any erring nigam employees, they said.Some advocates said that the mayor should not be nonpolitical so that he could not be influenced by any party. Good roads, better water supply and proper and regular removal of garbage are the priorities of the people of the city, they added.Meanwhile, there was a huge crowd of candidates and their followers at the Nagar Nigam for procuring vehicle passes. As per rules, only two cars have been allowed for candidates running for the post of corporators and mayors. But the candidates were demanding vehicle passes for entire fleet of cars. Some candidates had applied for the passes for mini buss and even trucks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14309890", "title": "Crisis in Pak may force PM to abort visit", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Pakistan's politics on the skids, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's desired visit to the neighbouring country may also run into trouble. The window of opportunity for the PM's planned visit is shrinking further as a new PM is expected to take charge in Pakistan amid the ongoing political uncertainty.Singh has made no secret of his intention to visit Pakistan as the PM. Conventional wisdom has it that he might visit Pakistan in the later part of this year. To that end, the PM has stopped his trusted private secretary, Jaideep Sarkar, from taking up his ambassadorial post in Israel. Sharat Sabharwal, high commissioner in Islamabad, is said to be on the verge of getting an extension in Islamabad so that he can cover the PM's trip.On Wednesday, foreign minister S M Krishna, questioned about the developments in Pakistan, said \"Whatever happens in Pakistan, it should not affect bilateral ties.\" The minister said India was closely monitoring events in Pakistan. \"We will like the political impasse to be settled,\" Krishna said.The ruling party in Pakistan may elect textiles minister Makhdoom Shahabuddin or water and power minister Chaudhry Ahmad Mukhtar to the prime ministerial post. However, the new Pakistani PM will also be expected to send a letter to the Swiss authorities about reopening corruption cases against President Asif Ali Zardari . If he refuses, as he is likely to, Islamabad is staring at another constitutional crisis.Either way, Pakistani government is expected to call for elections in early 2013, and this would mean that a caretaker government would be in place in Islamabad before long. And, it's unlikely PM that would like to visit Pakistan when a caretaker government is in power.The PM's planned visit has been complicated with the expectation that his trip should have a \"deliverable\" like an agreement between the two sides. But there has been no agreement on even a liberalized visa regime, while the Pakistani side has fruitlessly pushed for a Siachen deal as a carrot for Singh's visit.The Indian and Pakistani foreign secretaries are also expected to meet in early July. This will be followed by Krishna's visit to Islamabad later in the month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14307048", "title": "Doctors question power to seal USG machines without show-cause notices", "text": "MUMBAI: Do civic staffers have unbridled powers to suspend the licences of sonography clinics and seal sonography machines without giving doctors the chance to defend themselves? The Bombay High Court will decide on the issue after several petitions were filed by doctors whose licences to run sonography clinics were suspended by the Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation (NMMC).\"Matters like the disparity in sex ratio are very compelling situations that require special laws for swift and strict action,\" remarked a division bench of Justice D D Sinha and Justice Vijaya Kapse-Tahilramani.The court will decide on two issues. First, whether civic authorities can suspend licences of sonography clinics and seize and seal machines without issuing show-cause notices to doctors or giving any reason for not issuing such notices. The second issue is whether the clinic's failure to maintain proper records, including Form F, is a minor or major violation.Navi Mumbai has a sex ratio of 910 females for every 1,000 males, a figure which led the NMMC to crack down on sonography clinics, said advocate Sandeep Marne, NMMC counsel. \"If the clinics fail to maintain proper records as required under the law, including Form F, it would be presumed that they have conducted sex determination tests,\" said Marne. The advocate also argued that not filling Form F was a major violation as it included an undertaking by the patient and doctor that no sex determination was asked for or conducted. Marne further said that the NMMC's aim was to raise the sex ratio to 950 females.Under the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act, the authorities have the power to suspend the licences of clinics, seize machines and launch criminal prosecution. The six doctors whose clinic licences were suspended have claimed that no notices were issued either before or after the suspension orders. Advocate V M Thorat, counsel for the petitioners, cited a few judgments by a single judge of the Bombay High Court which said that before launching criminal prosecution, an opportunity must be given to doctors to explain why records were not maintained properly. The court will continue hearings arguments on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "14310616", "title": "Cops stop funeral of labourer", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Barkagaon police have recovered the body of a 40-year-old labourer from the funeral pyre after allegations arose that he died while extracting coal from an illegal mine at Chandaul.SP Pankaj Kamboj said here on Wednesday that Mahto along with dozen others was engaged in illegal mining of coal when a big chunk of the colliery caved in resulting Kartik Mahato's death and serious injury to another villager Jageshwar Ravidas. The SP said, \"To hide evidence the villagers quietly left the place with the body of Mahato for cremation without informing police. But police recovered the body from the funeral pyre when it was about to be lit and and sent for postmortem.\"The villagers shifted the injured Rabidas to nursing home. Asheshwar Ram, the husband of mukhiya of Chandaul panchayat Tukri Devi, was arrested for alleged involvement in the illegal mining. He said police have registered cases against the mukhiya and her husband and forest department employees for their alleged connivance in encouraging illegal mining of coal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14307746", "title": "Doctors seek anticipatory bail in suicide case", "text": "KOLKATA: Five of the six doctors accused of abetting the suicide of Bikram Saha, a doctor of Midnapore Medical College and Hospital, submitted a petition seeking anticipatory bail on Wednesday.On the night of June 8, Bikram Saha, a doctor working with Midnapore Medical College took an overdose of insulin and eventually died on June 13 at a Kolkata-based private nursing home. Saha's wife Shalini alleged that her husband committed suicide by taking insulin shots and left a suicide note where he blamed CPM district secretary Deepak Sarkar and six other doctors for his death.On the basis of the 'note' addressed to police and his superiors, Shalini had lodged a complaint against Sarkar and six other doctors with Kotwali police station. Police have initiated a case of abetment of suicide under section 306 IPC.On Wednesday, five of the accused doctors - Arun Achar, Asis Hazra, Mrinal Burman, Ashok Maity and Debasis Mazumdar - submitted a petition before Midnapore district court seeking anticipatory bail. The court will hear the petition on July 10. All these doctors, who are attached to Midnapore Medical College and Hospital, went on leave, informing the authority through a faxed application and they have also stopped attending their private clinics. Sources said there were reports that they were all hiding.Meanwhile, a team of state Criminal Investigation Department (CID) led by DIG (operations) K Jayaraman went to Midnapore and spoke to Shalini and forensic experts collected some samples from Saha's room where he had committed suicide.Saha had been working at the hospital since 2006. His wife Shalini alleged that Sarkar, who heads a paramedical college - Vidyasagar University of Health - at Midnapore, forced him to treat patients at his institute. As he refused, he was brutally beaten up by a group of goons, who posed as the family members of a patient. \"Sarkar, in connivance with some doctors, who are members of CPM affiliated doctors' organization, plotted the assault in 2009,\" alleged Shalini.Jayaraman said that CID has not yet taken up the case and is just assisting the district police in the probe. Another prime accused, West Midnapore district CPM secretary Deepak Sarkar, refused to go underground. \"I will act according to my party's direction,\" said Sarkar on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14311106", "title": "Bihar to have rain in 48 hours: Met", "text": "PATNA: Bihar will have to wait for another 48 hours to experience the real monsoon showers, which has so far eluded the state despite monsoon breaking in the state on June 18. The reason for the Southwest monsoon becoming weak in the state is said to be Talim cyclone in South China Sea.Talking to TOI, Patna Met director D C Gupta said, \"The Talim cyclone, which has lashed South China Sea, had absorbed all the moisture from the Bay of Bengal and the Indian Ocean. Absence of moisture in the region despite other favourable conditions, including upper air cyclonic circulation over NW Bay of Bengal and adjoining Gangetic West Bengal coast, is the factor behind no heavy rains in the state. There is also no intense system in the Indian Ocean which is a strong factor bringing rain in this part of the region.\"He said this was the reason why despite cloud formation, it is not raining here and added the clouds seen right now are medium clouds, though on Wednesday afternoon for some time low clouds were seen which brought rain for a few minutes. Once strong low clouds develop, it will rain heavily, Gupta said.He said the Talim cyclone was moving towards Japan and once it passed through Japan coast, monsoon will become active in the state. This will take another 48 hours to happen, he said.Gupta said the northern coast of Bay of Bengal, falling close to Kolkata in West Bengal, has developed low pressure area. Once it becomes well marked and moves forward, rain would lash the state.In the last 48 hours, Patna recorded 0.3mm rain, Gaya (0.6mm), Muzaffarpur (5.2mm), Bhagalpur (32.5mm), Katihar (24.2mm) and Samastipur 2.3mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14311132", "title": "22-yr-old dies in hit-and-run", "text": "NASHIK: A 22-year-old youth, Mohommad Alam Qureshi, who was a resident Mumbai, died in a tragic hit-and-run near Ambad.Qureshi was reportedly walking near Indigo building at Sadashiv Nagar when a speeding motorcycle knocked him down and sped away. The incident occurred at 4.30pm on Tuesday.In another road accident, a Niphad resident was injured after being hit by a taxi coming in the opposite direction. The incident occurred at around 5.30pm on Sunday when the victim, Manoj Pardeshi was driving his bike from Adgaon.In a third road accident case registered at the Indiranagar police station, 65-year-old Lalchand Ahire, belonging to a Rajiv Nagar slum was hit by a truck. The victim suffered leg injuries in the incident which occurred on Tuesday near Vedant Mangal Karyalay in Rajiv Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "14308164", "title": "Cops nab driver for raping minor in taxi", "text": "BARASAT: Police on Wednesday arrested taxi driver Mahammad Monu for allegedly raping a 15-year-old girl in his cab on Monday night. The victim, who was dumped near the boundary wall after being raped, is still undergoing treatment at the Barasat district hospital. Police said Monu was hiding at a relative's house in Narayanpur after committing the crime. On being informed, locals stormed into the house on Wednesday evening, dragged him out and beat him up before handing him over to police.After an investigation, police came to know that Monu, a 27-year-old taxi driver, had a relationship with the girl. Police suspect he had offered her a ride in his taxi on Monday night and later raped her in the cab.\"The girl used to visit her sister's in-laws' residence at Belgachia. There she developed a relationship with Monu, a neighbor. On Sunday, the girl went to Belgachia to visit her sister and stayed there. After ending his professional trip on Monday night, Monu had offered the girl a ride in his taxi. The duo travelled to several locations across the city before the youth raped her in the cab,\" said an investigating officer. Police also suspect that the accused drugged the girl before raping and dumping her.A police patrolling team of Madhyamgram outpost noticed the girl lying unconscious beside the road near Narayanpur in the wee hours of Tuesday. They picked her up and admitted her to the Barasat district hospital. Later, a police team led by North 24-Parganas SP Champak Bhattacharya went to the spot and spoke to local residents. Bhattacharya also went to the hospital to record the girl's statement. Based on her version, police has registered a rape case against Monu. The girl and her mother, who belong a very needy family, however, had refused a medical examination of the victim.Police are also looking for the taxi in which the girl was raped. \"A raid is being conducted to recover the taxi in which we suspect the youth raped the girl. The accused is being interrogated in this connection. He will be produced before the Barasat district court on Thursday,\" said Bhattacharya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14314460", "title": "Political parties should back Sangma as President: Jayalalithaa", "text": "CHENNAI: With former Lok Sabha Speaker P A Sangma determined to go ahead in the Presidential race, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa today said other political parties should come forward to back his candidature.Various leaders had been in touch with her, some of whom had tried to enlist her support for former President A P J Abdul Kalam , who has decided to opt out, she said.\"I welcome other parties coming forward to support Sangma, but let them make the announcement first and I will be happy if they do that,\" the chief minister said.There was no change in her party's stand to back Sangma, which she had announced last month, the AIADMK supremo told reporters.On the candidature of Kalam, backed by Mamata Banerjee , Jayalalithaa said her West Bengal counterpart had spoken to her, seeking her support for the former President. \"I said I have already announced support for Sangma. Let us wait and see what Mamataji does and leave the decision to her.\"Jayalalithaa, along with her Odisha counterpart Naveen Patnaik were the first to back Sangma for the top job, saying no tribal candidate had so far been nominated for the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14310507", "title": "Chaiwallah, fish seller also get set for Raisina run", "text": "NEW DELHI: After filing nominations for the post of the vice-president and UN secretary-general, M Iliyas (43) from Tamil Nadu's Mittahalli village in Krishnagiri district has now set his sight on the president's job. He dreams of becoming a global leader one day.Iliyas, a businessman who sells fish, was earlier a BJP member. After school, he fought with his parents and left home. \"I wandered for about 13 years before he returned home,\" he said. In 2009, he reportedly told a district court that he was the 'second Christ'. \"I am above religious differences. I will be the leader of all countries in the world,\" he said.While frontrunner Pranab Mukherjee and politicians like P A Sangma are seeking votes across the party divide to win the presidential election, a lawyer from Varanasi, Narendra Nath Dubey Adig, is fighting the election to the country's top job knowing he will lose. Till now, he has lost about 40 elections.This is his fourth attempt for presidency. He has also contested every Lok Sabha and assembly election from UP since 1984, but is yet to win any. He came to Delhi on Monday to file his nomination for the 2012 presidential polls.\"I want to serve the nation and society in a better way,\" said Adig, an LLB and a postgraduate in political science. He practices in Varanasi court.Adig claims his nomination paper had signatures of 50 proposers and 50 seconders. Leaders like Babulal Kadra, Babban Chauhan, Sharad Kumar Tunde and S Soni from Maharashtra supported him, he told TOI. Nobody from UP, his home state, though proposed or seconded his nomination. He says he has support of MLAs, MLCs and leaders of major political parties, including Congress, BJP and Samajwadi Party .There are other little-known people who filed nominations for the presidential election. Till June 19, seven people filed their nominations. The last date for filing is June 30.Among them are a namkeen seller from Gwalior and a retired LIC officer from Delhi. Many of them have contested several elections and lost.For a valid nomination, a candidate should be an Indian citizen, at least 35 years old and qualified for election to the Lok Sabha. Along with nomination paper, the candidate must deposit Rs 15,000 as security deposit.Anand Singh Kushwaha (44) of Gwalior was inspired by BJP veteran Ram Jethmalani to run for president. He sells tea and namkeen at Lashkar on the outskirts of Gwalior in Madhya Pradesh.Jethmalani had said he would contest the presidential elections even if he lost. \"I don't care if I lose,\" said Kushwaha. He quoted the Gita to justify his nomination. \"Karma kiye ja phal ki chinta mat kar.\"\"I am discussing with MPs and MLAs to get the requisite numbers to propose and second my candidature,\" Kushwaha said. Earlier, he has contested Lok Sabha and assembly elections, the first was in 1994. His wife Gangarani, too, ran for the mayor's post when it was reserved for women and got 1,531 votes.Kushwaha remains optimistic. \"I will win if luck favours me. At least, I am lucky to contest,\" he said.Om Prakash Aggarwal (77) from Nangloi in west Delhi is running for presidency to promote Hindi as the country's first language. It's a hattrick for the retired LIC assistant administrative officer who has contested the polls twice already.Aggarwal, popular in his neighbourhood, claimed he contested the 1999 Lok Sabha elections from New Delhi and lost. He was never a member of any party. \"I will visit MPs in the next few days and ask for their support, but I don't have too many expectations,\" he said.His son Arun Aggarwal, a chemist, is proud of his father's zeal. \"I will always stand by him. I want my father to know that we helped him when he tried,\" he said.(Inputs from Dwaipayan Ghosh in New Delhi, Joseph John in Bhopal , Vinay Singh in Varanasi and Arun Mathew in Coimbatore)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14309278", "title": "Presidential poll: Yeddyurappa camp wants to cast 'conscience vote'", "text": "BANGALORE: After endorsing his support for UPA's candidate Pranab Mukherjee for the presidential elections, former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa's camp is now planning to ask the central leadership not to issue any whip during the voting.\"We should be allowed to cast a 'conscience vote'. For this , the BJP leadership should advise all state units not to issue a whip,'' party sources told TOI here on Wednesday.A day after he said that the BJP should support Pranab for the President's post, Yeddyurappa said it was his personal view. \"Being a BJP man, how can I support Pranab? He is a suitable man for the august post but I have my limitations,\" he told reporters here.He declined to comment whether Pranab had sought his support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "14309905", "title": "Noida extension: Farmers, buyers join hands", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: After a series of meetings with authorities and numerous protests in Greater Noida and Delhi, Noida Extension homebuyers have now joined hands with farmers to \"create pressure on the authorities\" and get them to clear the Greater Noida Master Plan 2021 at the earliest. Hundreds of buyers visited the Noida Extension area on Wednesday and met village heads asking them for support. \"It has been over a year since land troubles began in Noida Extension and the matter has only become murkier. The NCR Planning Board and Greater Noida Authority have failed to provide any clarity to lakhs of middle class homebuyers who booked flats in the area,\" said Abhishek Kumar of a buyers' association. \"We also realize that besides the buyers, farmers have also been victimized. First their land was taken away under the urgency clause, and now the authorities are delaying their due compensation and rehabilitation deals. We have decided to come together and ask the authorities to sort out the Noida Extension chaos once and for all,\" Kumar added. \"The village heads and buyers' associations will soon meet to decide the next course of action to create pressure on the planning board and the Authority to resolve the crisis,\" said Devender Kumar, a buyer. \"We want the planning board to immediately pass the Master Plan so that our homes can get constructed,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14311164", "title": "Govt inks pact with SBI for home loan to staff", "text": "PATNA: Bihar government has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the State Bank of India to provide housing loans to the state employees at the cheapest rates.The MoU was signed by state's principal secretary (finance) Rameshwar Singh and SBI's Patna circle chief general manager Jeevandas Narayan in the presence of deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi and SBI managing director A Krishna Kumar. As per the MoU, the government has become the guarantor which would deduct the EMI from the loan beneficiary's salary if s/he is in default on the loan.Giving details, Krishna Kumar said, \"Any state government employee is eligible to take the loan. The bank will not charge processing fee. The interest will be charged at the rate of 10.15%.\" If any bank decreases its rate of interest, the SBI would follow the suit with immediate effect, he said and termed the MoU as one of the SBI's initiatives to become a partner in the development of the state.The bank has sanctioned loans amounting to Rs 46 crore to 568 state employees. Now that the MoU has been sanctioned, the loans will be disbursed. Consequent upon signing of the MoU, SBI's Bailey Road branch in Patna gave in-principle sanction to loans worth Rs 1.09 crore to 10 beneficiaries.Hailing the SBI initiative, Modi said the scheme would help employees realize the dream of owning a house. Also it will help the government in its fiscal management. \"Thus, all the stakeholders - the bank, the state employees and the state government - stand to benefit,\" he said.Modi said banks should come out with more such people-friendly schemes. Many schemes are in the pipeline to develop Patna, Gaya, Muzaffarpur and Bhagalpur as real estate hubs and attract big construction firms to the state.The deputy CM, who also holds the finance portfolio, was all praise for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's decision to give $10 billion aid to debt-ridden Greece . \"If Eurozone crisis expands further, it will impact Indian economy as well,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14309160", "title": "PWD asked to revamp govt schools", "text": "NEW DELHI: Public Works Department has been given the task of revamping government schools. The Delhi government's education department, planning to reconstruct 100 school buildings in a dilapidated condition, has decided to give the work to PWD instead of DSIIDC, as it already has its hands full. \"We thought this will expedite the process. We want to complete the work within one year,\" said a government official. Earlier, the government had chosen Delhi State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd (DSIIDC) for revamping schools. But it is occupied with various industrial and housing projects. PWD undertook infrastructure projects worth over Rs 5,000 crore during CWG, but has not had much to do ever since. PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan, however, rejected that claim. \"We are willing to revamp the schools, but it is not true that we do not have enough work. We just took over 700km of roads from MCD that we need to fix before monsoon,\" said Chauhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "14311215", "title": "Araria SP makes man marry girlfriend", "text": "ARARIA: Leaving aside his image of a 'Dabbang' cop for once, Araria SP donned the mantle of a real guardian and brokered truce between drifting lovers by getting them married at Jokihat police station on June 19.Two young lovebirds __ Rashid and Rubeda __ of Matiyari village under Jokihat police station fell head over heels in love with each other. Their affair continued for nearly three years. They also approached the court for granting them permission to get married.In the meantime, Rubeda gave birth to a child notwithstanding the ire of her parents. Rashid, meanwhile, tried to wriggle out of this love affair and deferred Rubeda's request to bring her and the child home on one pretext or the other. In utter desperation, Rubeda knocked the Araria SP's door and narrated how Rashid was trying to dump her at this stage.Araria SP Shivdeep Lande, in his bid to iron out the rough patches, first got an FIR lodged against Rashid and summoned him to Jokihat police station on Tuesday. The parents of both the boy and the girl were also called. The parents were prevailed upon to sink their differences. After they coalesced and Rashid put his best foot forward, a haji (a religious priest) was brought. The haji solemnized the rituals of 'nikah' (marriage) in the presence of the villagers and the policemen on Tuesday. It all ended on a happy note. SP Lande did not only express great happiness but also shelled out Rs 500 to the haji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14309789", "title": "Roundabouts in southern sectors rings of neglect", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A symbol of city's planned layout and beauty, the roundabouts in the southern sectors are in a bad state. What to talk of landscaping, these rotaries have weeds growing on them and residents fear that their condition will only deteriorate during the monsoon.For example, the roundabouts on the dividing roads of sectors 33-34 and sectors 46-47 are decrepit. The outer layer of the boundary of the former roundabout is falling off, leaving behind huge ugly patches, besides the bushes growing on it and the decorative trees that need a touch of pruning, are also signs of negligence.Mukesh Anand, superintendenting engineer (building &amp; roads department) of the municipal corporation said, \"If a company or an investor wants to take a roundabout on lease, we give it to them on an assurance that they would maintain it well. But the ones which are not leased out are maintained by the MC. I will, however, look into the matter.\"Amrish Sinha, a resident of Sector 34 said, \"It's a nice experience driving on the Madhya Marg, as the roundabouts are quite green and well maintained, but the sheen withers off as soon I near my home in Sector 34, as the roundabout on the roads dividing sectors 33-34 is in a pathetic condition.\"\"The municipal corporation should take steps to maintain the roundabout on the dividing roads of sectors 33-34 as it is in a pitiable condition, with dry bushes dotting it,\" said Amit Sharma, a resident of Sector 46.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14309861", "title": "Spectacles to schoolkids: State human rights body issues notices to UP govt, chief secretary", "text": "LUCKNOW: State Human Rights Commission on Wednesday took suo moto action on media reports which mentioned that under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scheme, officials in some districts of the state had distributed spectacles to schoolchildren without getting their eyes tested and also without considering whether a child studying in a school really needed spectacles or not. According to eye-surgeons, these spectacles caused complication (blurred vision) in the eyes of these children.Justice Vishnu Sahai, member, UP Human Rights Commission, after cognizance of the media reports said: \"Since human rights, as defined in Section 2(d) of the Protection of Human Rights Act, 1993 mean the right to life guaranteed by the Constitution and the Commission is under a statutory obligation to prevent violation of human rights by public authorities. I make no bones in observing that if the aforesaid facts are true, this is a gross case of violation of the fundamental right to life, (guaranteed by Article 21 of the Constitution in which is implicit the right to health) of those schoolchildren who have been supplied spectacles without eye testing and have suffered complication in eyes/blurred vision\".He said that such children would be entitled to compensation because harm has been caused to their eyes for no fault of theirs. Justice Sahai took the aforesaid media reports on record and directed the office to register a suo moto petition on its basis and issue notices to chief secretary, UP government, principal secretary, medical and health and director general medical and health. He has directed these officials to apprise the commission by July 22 on the action taken in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14308684", "title": "Senior Indian Revenue Service officer shunted", "text": "MUMBAI: Indian Revenue Service officer Ujjwal Choudhary, who was holding the additional charge of director general (investigation) of the Income Tax investigation wing in Mumbai, has been shunted out to head the National Academy of Direct Taxes in Nagpur. Choudhary, who headed the money laundering probe scam against Jharkhand CM Madhu Koda in 2010, was posted in Pune six months ago and was given the additional charge of Mumbai.Sources said that Choudhary's raids on two Pune companies may have caused the transfer last week. The companies collectively declared Rs 275 crore as unaccounted income. Choudhary, in his farewell speech in Pune, reportedly said that he did not know what to tell the probationers at the Nagpur training academy. An officer present said, \"He was not sure whether he should call the say department is good or bad. He was also unsure of telling them that they would be rewarded for good workalso said that whether to tell them that the department would reward good work.\" He was also said to be unhappy about the sudden transfer. MeanwhileThe government is also yet to decide the Mumbai investigation wing chief since B P Gaur's retirement on January 31. \"This is unfortunate. Mumbai is the financial capital and government has not bothered to find a replacement,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14311345", "title": "\u2018Gilani verdict a judicial coup\u2019", "text": "The SC's verdict to disqualify the PM has pitted state institutions against each other and raised questions about a \"judicial coup\" overseen by the top judge, the Pakistani media said on Wednesday. In an editorial 'A judicial coup?', The Express Tribune questioned the timing and the reasoning behind the verdict. Commentators noted the SC had acted days after Malik Riaz Hussain had said he paid over Rs 342 million to the chief justice's son to influence cases in SC, saying the SC was trying to divert attention from the allegations against the top judge's son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14311349", "title": "Assange breaks bail, seeks asylum in Ecuador mission", "text": "LONDON: In a night of high drama, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange broke bail and walked into the Ecuadorian embassy in London late on Tuesday for political asylum, pleading there had been a \"declaration of abandonment\" by his country, Australia, which exposed him to onward extradition to the US. If found guilty of leaking US secret documents, Assange says he fears he'll spend the rest of his life in prison if not given the death sentence.Within the Ecuador embassy, Assange could not be arrested by the metropolian police, who would have otherwise arrested him for breaking bail. A Scotland Yard source said, \"We cannot arrest someone who has claimed sanctuary in an embassy as it is effectively the territory of that country.\"Assange, as host of a TV show on a Russian channel, had in recent past interviewed Ecuadorian the president Rafael Correa, a known Left-winger and anti-American. Ironically, Ecuador's record on free speech, what Assange claims to be fighting for, has been questioned by Reporters Without Borders and the Committee to Protect Journalists.The whistle-blowing website owner, who was released from police custody on bail in December 2010 on condition that he reports to Norfolk police every day, has been staring at an extradition to Sweden ever since the rejection of his appeal by the UK's supreme court last week. He is wanted by police in Stockholm for questioning in connection with accusations of rape in 2010, charges that Assange denies.\"I can confirm I arrived at the Ecuadorian embassy and sought diplomatic sanctuary and political asylum,\" said Assange, whose move caught those who raised \u00a3240,000 as his bail surety by surprise.Jemima Khan, former wife of cricketer-turned-politician in Pakistan, Imran Khan, who had contributed \u00a320,000 towards the guarantee, tweeted, \"I'd expected him to face the allegations (in Sweden). I am as surprised as anyone by this (Assange asking Ecuador for asylum).\"The Ecuadorian mission said, \"We have immediately passed his application on to the relevant department in (the capital) Quito. While the departament assesses Assange's application, he will remain at the embassy, under the protection of the Ecuadorian government. As Assange is in the Ecuadorian embassy, he is on diplomatic territory and beyond the reach of the police.\"The British foreign office said, \"We can confirm that Assange has broken bail and is still in the Ecuadorian embassy. We are in touch with the Ecuadorian authorities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14308554", "title": "Eight cases come up for hearing before State Women\u2019s Commission", "text": "BHOPAL: Eight cases came up for hearing at the joint bench of the State Women's Commission (SWC) on Wednesday. Out of the eight, six were heard as the non-applicants were absent in two of the cases.Three cases pertained to domestic violence and dowry harassment. In one of the cases, the warring couple was told by the chairperson and commission members to stop quarrelling and reach a consensus after mutual agreement. The couple was told to come back to the commission on July 28 to report they are living amicably.A case pertaining to workplace harassment by a doctor was also heard by the bench. In two of the cases, the case was settled with mutual consent of the parties.The joint bench was presided over by chairperson Upma Rai. Commission members Shashi Sinho and Snehalata Upadhyay were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14307649", "title": "Kerala veterinary university inks pact with CPWD to set up India's first domestic animal adaptation centre", "text": "THRISSUR: Kerala Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (KVASU) will soon sign a Memorandum of Understanding with the Central Public Works Department (CPWD) to set up country's first centre to study adaptation of domestic animals to climate change.The Centre for Animal Adaptation to Environment and Climate Change is coming up at KVASU campus at Pookode, Wayanad, at an estimated cost of Rs 2.4 crores provided by the central government. Dr K Jalaludheen, Director and Research told ToI, \"The animal adaptation centre, which is coming up at Pookode is the first adaptation centre, which is exclusively dedicated to domestic animals, in India. We will sign MoU with CPWD soon and the inauguration of the foundation laying will be held within a month.\"The behavioural pattern, productivity and physiological changes in domestic animals will be studied here by placing the animals in a climate chamber. The centre will test the effects of oscillating environment condition on animals and for this purpose temperature variations and humidity will be created in the enclosure, he said.\"It is necessary to find out how domestic animals can cope up with the changing climate scenarios. This can be done only with this study. How can we economise animal production in this changing scenario is the ultimate objective of the study,\" Jalaludhin said.Domestic animals-cows, dogs, cats and other animals-will be placed in the climate chambers to study its behavioural pattern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14308518", "title": "Rajasthan University teachers fire a salvo at vice-chancellor", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan University Teachers' Association (RUTA) has opened a front against the unversity's vice-chancellor B L Sharma, alleging him of misusing his powers without the knowledge of the institute's syndicate and the academic council.In a letter to Governor Margaret Alva, RUTA put up a complaint saying that Sharma is the first VC who has registered a large number of cases against students and issued notices to teachers on non-issues and constituted inquires aganist them on petty manners.\"Funds worth lakhs of rupees from different Central funding agencies like DBT, DST, UGC and CSIR and nanotechnology projects from state DST were granted to the university but are lying unutilised for the last 15 months due to indecisiveness and incompetence of the VC,\" said Vinod Sharma, general secretary of RUTA.The body accused him of disregarding the academic council and the syndicate while taking many decisions and keeping them in the dark. \"He has unlawfully extended 19 working days for teachers without any appropriate reason. He is also creating a number of posts such as administrative secretary to the VC, director examinations and OSD examinations without due permission of the university syndicate,\" RUTA's letter to the governor said.This is not the first time the university teachers have come out in open against the decisions of VC. Earlier on several occasions, they had complaint against him to the state government, the governor and to the higher education department.The letter also accused the VC of immaturely starting the semester system with grading without applying the same to private colleges affiliated to the university. The half-hearted attempt of awarding grading is not practical at a time when the university is running the show with only 350 teachers against 900 sanctioned posts, it said. The semester system needs full attention from teachers which is not possible in the existing strength, the letter read.\"For the academic session 2013, Sharma has started pre-PG test without proper and timely preparation for the same due to which admissions in PG courses will be delayed by one month. Till date, the entrance exam date of departments is not announced leading students towards private universities,\" claimed Jayant Singh, president of RUTA.Members of the association also alleged of promoting the interests of private universities/colleges at the cost of RU. The letter said the Union government's department of science and technology has asked RU to hold Bal Vigyan Congress on its campus but due to incompetence, the event went to a private university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "14311521", "title": "Bal Kunj: Inquiry officer submits probe report to deputy commissioner", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: The district administration on Wednesday remained tight-lipped over the inquiry pertaining to a missing girl and alleged rape of another girl inmate of Bal Kunj, a protection home at Chhachhrauli.City magistrate, Yamunanagar, Pooja Chavarria, who had probed the matter recently, submitted her report to deputy commissioner (DC) of Yamunangar, Ashok Sangwan.Chavarria refused to share findings of the probe while Sangwan did not respond to calls made on his mobile phone. The inquiry officer said she had submitted the report to DC who would send it to the chief secretary (CS).Khushbu, an inmate, is missing since May 30 from Bal Kunj, a home for rehabilitation of destitute children in the 6-8 years age group. Police as well as district administration are still clueless about her whereabouts, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14315703", "title": "A injury can't deter Ananya!", "text": "Actress Ananya is back in full gusto for the shoot of the third schedule of director Viji Thampy's Dileep-starrer, Nadodimannan. The actress, who had fractured her wrist in an accident on the sets when 'badman' Abu Salim pushed her to the floor, has shot for the second schedule without letting her injury force her into a short break.And now that she's gotten over it, Ananya has her hands full. \"Besides Nadodimannan , in Kollywood, I'm working for 'Iravum Pagalum ' opposite Mahesh. Coming up in Kannada is Gokulakrishna ,\" she informs. On the Mollywood front, besides the 3D horror flick Raktharakshassu , Ananya will star in one of the five short films in the featurette D Company. \"I'll be a part of director M Padmakumar's segment in the five-film flick,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14311667", "title": "Punjab Infrastructure Development Board's delay holds up Rs 40 crore railway overbridge project", "text": "JALANDHAR: Amid tall claims about adequate funds for infrastructure development, a Rs 40-crore project of road overbridge on railway crossing near Science City on Jalandhar-Kapurthala road has hit a roadblock.While railways has already started work for constructing the span of bridge over its track, Punjab PWD has not even invited tenders for allotting the project yet.Sources revealed that PWD did not invite tenders as Punjab Infrastructure Development Board (PIDB), which is to provide funds for the project, is yet to give green signal for the project due to paucity of funds.Railway sources said that this lack of synchronization between railways and Punjab government agencies would have long term ramifications for the project and can even delay the project and escalate its cost, apart from inconvenience to public.Engineers of PWD and railways revealed that for any project of ROB on a railway line, the work should be first started by PWD, which has to provide alternate passages before beginning the project, and railways has also to block the crossing for executing the project.\"Pile testing for erecting the pillars of the bridge has already started and after some time, we need to block the crossing. But before that, Punjab government agencies should provide alternate passages. Any delay in this would force us to give extension to the contractor, which would result in cost escalation. This would complicate the entire exercise and the project can witness several technical and financial troubles,\" said a senior railway official.\"We held joint meetings with PWD and it was recorded in writing that they will invite tenders in September and we in November and work on diversions would start in December. We went as per these decisions and commitments, but now we find ourselves in a piquant situation,\" he added.PIDB managing director Anurag Aggarwal said that some drawings were yet to be finalized. Asked about the financial reasons, he held that a call on that had to be taken by the executive committee of the board and that he could tell only about the drawings issue.However, his explanation apparently flies in the face of facts revealed by Punjab government and railway officials. \"Several meetings were held between PWD and railway engineers at senior levels and after working out all technical details like complete design, type of pillars, length of spans, etc., the project cost is worked out. After preparing and agreeing on final drawings, the matter goes to Railway Board which then approves it and work starts,\" said a state government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14308890", "title": "Delhi Urban Art Commission rejects housing project beside Vishwavidyalaya station", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Urban Art Commission (DUAC) has shot down a proposal for a residential development project at the Vishwavidyalaya Metro Station in Civil Lines. The proposal was submitted by the erstwhile Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) on behalf of a private party but the Commission felt the proposal did not do justice to the surrounding areas and asked the architect to come back with three to four alternative proposals. The private party had submitted a building plan for a multi-storeyed group housing society to the erstwhile MCD a few months back. The building department had sought clearance from the town planning department as the proposed highrise is located in an eco-friendly zone. According to a North Delhi Municipal Corporation official, the Master Plan of Delhi 2021 doesn't approve of a highrise in that area. \"As there is no provision for a highrise in the area, we had asked the building department to reject the plan,'' said a North Corporation official. Located right behind the Vishwavidyalaya Metro station, the land was initially to be used for parking. However, a few years back, the Union Urban Development ministry changed the land use from \"institutional\" to \"residential\". The DMRC later auctioned the land to a private party. \"According to the building plan submitted by the builder, there is a plan to construct a housing complex which is more than 50 metres in height. But the MPD-2021 restricts tall buildings in Lutyen's Bungalow Zone, Civil lines and North Delhi Campus,'' said Mahinder Nagpal, leader of the House, North Corporation. The civic agency had to forward the proposal to DUAC as L-G Tejendra Khanna had approved a floor area ratio of 200 with no height restriction in this case. \"As the orders were from L-G's office, we had to send the file to DUAC for final approval. We are to get an official reply in this regard. The building plan will be approved only after DUAC clears the file,'' said Nagpal. North corporation officials fear that if this project is approved, then similar demands would be made by other builders in the area. The Art body took into consideration objections raised by Delhi Univeristy to the high-rise development at the site while scrutinizing the proposal. The chief town planner of MCD pointed out certain provisions of the MPD '21 detailing tall buildings. \"The height of buildings (above and below the ground) needs to be seen in the light of modern technology with due consideration for natural disasters like earthquakes, floods etc. Restrictions on tall buildings would be necessary in important areas like Lutyen's Bungalow Zone, Civil lines and North Delhi Campus. In case of urban extension, areas for specific urban design projects and tall buildings should be identified,'' states the Master Plan. Following these observations, the Commission felt that the site of the proposal was at an important location and the proposal of highrise development would have significant impact on the whole area. \"It is, therefore, imperative that the proposal need to be studied in context of its surroundings. There was need for the preparation of an urban design for the area, said DUAC officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14308018", "title": "Govt to audit Maharashtra Employment Guarantee Scheme works", "text": "NAGPUR: In view of several complaints of massive irregularities in Employment Guarantee Scheme (EGS) works, the state has decided to audit them on the lines Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG). If the audit is done properly, many senior government officers will be exposed.Chartered accountants (CAs) will be hired on contract for account related management services (ARMS). The government has already started updating EGS related data for the audit. The audit of Maharashtra National Rural EGS (MNREGS) will be done from gram panchayat level every year. The fee of CAs will be paid from the 6% amount reserved in EGS works for administrative expenses and hence the government will not incur extra expenditure.Dr Madhavi Khode, MNREGS commissioner, said that till now the quality of EGS works was examined. Now audit would be done to improve the quality of works. \"We hope that there will be no complaints from the beneficiaries once this exercise starts. Government money will be properly used.\"Meanwhile, an atmosphere of anxiety prevailed in the district collectorate on Wednesday due to the inquiry ordered against senior revenue officers. Divisional commissioner BV Gopala Reddy has ordered an inquiry against resident deputy collector (RDC) Pramod Bhusari and three other deputy collectors Prakash Sharma, Sunil Padole and Dilip Sawarkar for their alleged involvement in EGS scam. Ten officials were suspended in this connection but no action was taken against the remaining twelve.Ram Joshi, incumbent deputy collector (EGS), said that social forestry department would conduct its own inquiry. The district collectorate and divisional commissionerate would also conduct separate inquiries. All the three reports would then be submitted to the divisional commissioner.Joshi said that Darade had in his report not charged the twelve officers with any financial irregularities. \"The inquiry officer will investigate whether there any administrative irregularities were committed by these officials.\"He further said that the inquiry officer would have to go to Umred and Bhiwapur (the works in question were done in these talukas) to go through the documents. \"The volume is so much that we will have to hire a truck to bring them to Nagpur.\"On whether explanation from accused revenue officials had been sought, he said, \"The inquiry officer will first find out whether any administrative irregularities had been committed by an officer. If there is prima facie evidence against an officer only then he can seek an explanation.\"The deputy collector also said that the irregularities were to the tune of Rs two crore and not around Rs four crore. When asked as to when an inquiry officer would be appointed, he said that it would be decided by senior officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14307445", "title": "5 crude bombs recovered", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A day ahead of 135th rath yatra in the city, the city cops were sweating bullets after a call and subsequent recovery of five crude bombs in Gomtipur on Wednesday.An anonymous caller informed the city control room in the wee hours of Wednesday that a chicken van in Gomtipur has bombs in it. The caller said that these bombs will be used to disrupt the Jagannath Rath Yatra. Soon, Gomtipur police, along with crime branch and bomb squad officials, reached the spot specified by the anonymous caller and tracked down the van near Patel ni Chali.The team found and defused five bombs. Of these, three were crude bombs made of metal paan masala containers and two others were pipe bombs. Gomtipur police have filed a complaint against unknown persons.At 3.45 am, a caller, using a cellphone, intimated the city control room said that Mohammad Shafi Qureshi, Mohammad Arif Qureshi and Arif Jamal Mansuri, all residents of Patel Ni Chali, were responsible for planting the bombs in a truck that is used to carry chicken. Mohammad Shafi owns the van.When police reached the spot they saw that a plastic bag containing the crude bombs was hanging in front of the rear number plate of the vehicle. Closer inspection revealed that the bombs had been made recently. \"The pipes used in the pipe bombs were procured quite recently,\" said police.After the bombs were defused, forensic officers examined the contents of these explosives and said that sulphur and gun powder were packed inside the containers along with some ball bearings which were meant to act as shrapnel. \"Usually, these ingredients are used to in firecrackers,\" said forensic officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14316054", "title": "Surprised Kejriwal sought details of drug trial row", "text": "INDORE: India Against Corruption (IAC) is soon going to take up the matter of clinical trial at national level. Arvind Kejriwal, core member of team Anna and RTI activist has taken a comprehensive report and media clippings of the clinical trial incident from the local activists actively working on the issue in the state to decide the future course of action.Activists of Clinical Trial Victim's Association (CTVA), an organisation working for the welfare of the patients who were subjected to drug tests, had met Kejriwal to seek his attention on the serious issue concerning health of the people. Surprised with the huge corruption involved in health sector, Kejriwal asked the organisation to give a detailed report of the clinical trial incident to decide the future course of action. Honorary member of CTVA Dr Anand Rai has submitted a bunch of papers about the various anomalies of the regularity authorities, state government and doctors while conducting drug test on people without following the prescribed norms.\"We have briefed Kejriwal about the whole incident and requested him to take up the matter which involves corruption and maligning image of medical profession. He has promised to take up the matter after going through the report,\" said Dr Rai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14308703", "title": "President poll effect: Maharashtra keen to sidestep irrigation landmine", "text": "MUMBAI: Did the upcoming presidential polls cast a shadow on the development in the state cabinet meeting on Wednesday?With the Congress party having to keep all allies in good humour for the polls, the party's leadership in the state government decided to adopt a non-confrontational stand during the meeting. Even the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) camp adopted a similar approach.The usual high drama witnessed in the cabinet meetings was missing. Discussions on political hotcakes like the irrigation presentation, a proposal to lend more powers to the Mayor, and the income cap for families of backward class students seeking reimbursement of fees (freeships) for higher educations was cut short. Apart from pre-cabinet meetings held by both parties, senior ministers from either side were involved in a discussion before the cabinet began.After senior Congress minister Narayan Rane raised the issue of a note on the irrigation presentation not being circulated among ministers, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan quickly wrapped up the discussion. Having already seen the presentation himself, Chavan suggested that it could be shown to a group of cabinet ministers. The NCP camp however was insisting on the presentation being shown to the entire cabinet. Before matters could come to a head, it was decided to a hold a meeting of the ministers' council for a discussion on the presentation on Thursday evening.Sources said that Chavan is not overly satisfied with the presentation prepared, and could propose appointment of a group of ministers to study the issue. Both the irrigation department and the agriculture department are firm on their versions on irrigation statistics.Another possible flashpoint was avoided when it was decided to defer decision on approval for a new micro-irrigation scheme proposed by the Congress-controlled agriculture department, following concerns on funding raised by the NCP-controlled finance department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14310371", "title": "90 years on, they are on the same pavement", "text": "For Jayanthi, a 32-year-old fruit seller, the stretch of pavement opposite the Flower Bazaar police station is her world. She was born and brought up here as were her mother and grandmother. Jayanthi married a man who lives on the same pavement as did her daughter.Scores of families like theirs have been living out of trunks, and in some cases in tiny shacks, on the crowded streets of north Chennai, under the shadow of Madras high court, for more than 90 years. Like living life in a time warp, they rarely venture out and have been following the same profession for more than three generations.\"Starting with my great-grandmother, who was one of the first to live here, all women in our family have been selling fruits,\" says Jayanthi who doesn't know the other areas in the city too well. \"Once in a while I go to Kodambakkam to visit my sister, who married well and lives in a pucca house.\"For Jayanthi and others like her, a pucca rental house is a distant dream \u2014 neither their income nor their living situation has improved over the years. \"My husband and I together earn about `500 a day,\" she says. \"Of this, `150 goes towards food, `200 for repaying loans and `50 spent daily to use the public toilet facility. We save about `100. It would be nice to live in a pucca house, but we can't afford rents of `3,000 or a deposit of `30,000.\"Unlike in the case of slum dwellers along the Cooum, efforts to rehabilitate the pavement dwellers have been unsuccessful. \"We have put up night shelters and are creating awareness,\" says corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan.\"People have to get themselves registered and start using them. It is a new concept so people will slowly start coming. We will talk to the housing board and see what can be done about giving them houses.\"Activists feel the government is approaching the problem from the wrong direction. \"The government is first building shelters, then mapping the homeless population,\" says Vanessa Peters of Citizens Rights Forum. \"Besides, as a Supreme Court ruling says, shelters are only an interim step to providing proper housing. The government also says there is no land available to rehabilitate them. But if they can acquire land for infrastructure projects, why not for the homeless?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14311135", "title": "No emergency duty for junior doctors", "text": "PATNA: Principal aecretary, health, Vyasji on Wednesday announced that the junior doctors of Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) would no longer be manning the emergency ward and the government would shortly sanction 35 posts of doctors to be deputed for emergency services. The striking junior doctors would not get stipend for the strike period, he said.\"The junior medicos' job is to study, which they will do after being completely detached from duty at the emergency ward. We are not going to depend on junior doctors for patients' treatment,\" Vyasji said, adding so far 75 doctors had joined the PMCH to assist senior doctors. These doctors would serve here till alternative arrangements are made, he said.Meanwhile, the talks between principal secretary, health, Vyasji, the PMCH superintendent and the striking junior doctors, which was scheduled for Wednesday, did not take place. The strike entered its seventh day on Wednesday.Vyasji said, \"What's the point in talking to them further when we already had a marathon talk. I can only ask them to call off their strike.\" On being asked whether the government was contemplating to take any action against the striking junior doctors, he said, \"This has to be decided by the medical college. Any action, if ever, will be taken by them.\"Asked about the report of the committee formed to probe the manhandling of the PMCH superintendent by junior doctors on June 14, Vyasji said, 'The committee has asked for one week's time to submit the report.\" Meanwhile, the junior doctors denied the superintendent was manhandled on June 14.On Wednesday, Vyasji reviewed the functioning of PMCH and noticed several anomalies in it. Records of mortality data and doctors' attendance were not being maintained properly, he found out among other things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14307721", "title": "Checking high fees in private medical colleges not feasible: Union health minister", "text": "JAIPUR: Union minister for health and family welfare Ghulam Nabi Azad on Wednesday said stopping private medical colleges from charging high fees from students would hurt the medical sector.\"It costs around Rs 350 crore to set up a medical college. Added to this is the annual recurring cost of around Rs 40-45 crore. Even if a college charges the students in lakh, it can get only up to Rs 15-20 crore a year,\" the health minister said, justifying the high fee structure in private medical colleges.Azad said the government had to amend the rules two years ago to change the scenario and improve situation in medical education. \"Since then 46 new medical colleges have came up in the country and seats in the MBBS and more so in the PG courses have considerably increased,\" the health minister said. He added, \"If we had depended on the government for the medical colleges, the country would not have had even half the number of doctors we have today.\"Azad said India still lacks in adequate medical facilities and the number of doctors in proportion to the population was much less. \"The AIIMS (All India Institute of Medical Sciences) was meant for research work only, but owing to large number of patients it is handling, the doctors there get no time for research,\" the health minister. The AIIMS's six branches, including the one coming up in Rajasthan's Jodhpur city, would become operational by March 2013, Azad added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14307745", "title": "Team Anna asks Pranab Mukherjee to come clean on rice scam allegations before contesting presidential election", "text": "LUCKNOW: Team Anna on Wednesday reiterated its demand to probe graft charges it had levelled against 14 ministers, including finance minister Pranab Mukherjee by a special investigating team (SIT).Addressing a gathering organized by India Against Corruption in Kanpur, Team Anna core group member Kiran Bedi said, \"The government should constitute a SIT to probe the charges. Let them come out clean if they are not corrupt.\"She also said, \"We are poor not because we have committed a sin but because our leadership is corrupt and has been acting like 'Dhritarashtra'. The government does not have money to set up new schools and hospitals but at the same time scams of several crores of rupees keep on surfacing every now and then.\"This is happening only because we have decided to keep mum. It's time we should stand and support Anna Hazare who is fighting for the cause,\" she said.This is for the second time when Kiran Bedi termed the government to be acting like 'Dhritarashtra'. Bedi, however, made it clear that her remarks was not against prime minister but against the office of the Prime Minister for overlooking the problems.Team Anna is touring Uttar Pradesh as a part of its \" Anna Sandesh Yatra\" to make people aware about the corruption charges against ministers and to demand formation of SIT. The first round of the yatra ended on Wednesday. Kiran Bedi, Kumar Vishwas, Sanjay Singh, Shazia Ilmi and others members of Team Anna spoke on the occasion.While addressing media persons in Lucknow, Vishwas said, \"Mukherjee should face the probe and come clear with regard to rice scam before contesting presidential elections.\"When Mukherjee rejected these allegations as \"unfair, self-seeking and levelled with ulterior motive\", Vishwas said, \"The reply came for the letter which we wrote on May 27 to prime minister but he has not responded to the letter which we wrote two days back.\" Talking about Anna Hazare endorsing Mukherjee as a better president contestant than other UPA ministers, he said, \"Anna said that Pranab is a better minister compared to other minister but he added that APJ Abdul Kalam is the best for the post of president.\"People from all walks of life and ages, including students and housewives, came to hear Team Anna members. The gathering kept waving the tricolour and raised slogans in support of Anna all through the meeting. Patriotic songs were played from loudspeakers.The Team will be organizing similar yatras in Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Bihar and other parts of the country.The movement will enter its second phase from July 25 when some Team Anna members would sit on hunger strike in Delhi. The volunteers of the India Against Corruption have also been assigned the task to build a strong grassroots network of people, involving villagers, women and students to fight against corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14310902", "title": "Mangalore Special Economic Zone Ltd corridor to be ready by March next year", "text": "MANGALORE: The Mangalore Special Economic Zone Ltd (MSEZL) is setting up a 10 km long direct pipeline-cum-road corridor connecting its units to New Mangalore Port. The corridor will not only save cost and time for petrochemical units, but also take pressure off infrastructure.Rajiv Banga, managing director and chief executive officer, MSEZL while delivering a talk on opportunities for petrochemicals in Karnataka at seminar on chemical, petrochemical and plastic at the recently concluded Global Investors Meet 2012said phase I of the corridor development was expected to be completed by March 2013.\"Various industrial units in MSEZ can avail cluster benefits from a central effluent treatment plant as well as look forward to adequate power supply. A 220 kv sub-station is coming next to MSEZ. The company is offering ready to use graded plots in various sizes also catering to needs of SME sector with normal items of infrastructure to do with water, power distribution, effluent handling, collections and disposal system,\" he said.Mangalore SEZ is the only notified sector specific petrochemical SEZ in Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "old goa", "code": "14307228", "title": "Plans to give facelift to Basilica on the anvil", "text": "OLD GOA: Several plans by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) for a face-lift to the Bom Jesus Basilica at Old Goa are on the anvil.Two proposals that will be taken up after the monsoons are first, repairs to the vast floor area of laterite stones at the entrance to the Basilica and second, replacement of asbestos from the roof by Mangalore tiles.Speaking to TOI, the superintending archaeologist of ASI (Goa circle) Shivananda Rao said that the floor in front of the entrance of the Basilica consisting of laterite stones is in a bad shape. The stones have sunk into the ground making the entire floor uneven, and people find it difficult to walk freely while entering into the Basilica. While rains could have led to the sinking of the stones, Rao also said that four wheelers coming up to put up the pandal during the annual feast of St Francis Xavier in December could also be responsible. The condition of floor also worsened when several fire tenders moved up in a bid to douse flames when Casa Professa (Jesuit residence) was ablaze in the year 2004.With regard to the roof, Rao further said that the photographs in possession of the ASI indicate that the roof of the Basilica had Manglore tiles in the past. \"We are still not aware as to when they were replaced by asbestos since nowhere in India heritage monuments have a roofing of asbestos,\" he said.Rao also informed that an expert committee from the ASI in Delhi which conducted an inspection of this monument recently, recommended replacement of asbestos with Manglore tiles.\"The roof will now be fitted with wooden rafters over which will be placed the GI sheets and above the GI sheets the roof will be covered with the Manglore tiles. This has been approved by the authorities of the Basilica,\" he added. The cost of both the above projects is estimated to be 48 lakh, informed Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "14307918", "title": "Not looking forward to Gorkhaland Territorial Administration election now, says Giri", "text": "Darjeeling: The Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) has not taken any decision on whether to contest election to the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA). However, the party demanded a time frame for the committee to submit its report since the Shyamal Sen panel had overshot its deadline more than once.All these announcements were made on Wednesday after the 21-member delegation, which had met chief minister Mamata Banerjee in Kolkata on Saturday to protest the Sen committee recommendation, briefed party president Bimal Gurung in Darjeeling.\"We briefed our party president about what transpired in the meeting with the CM. All other decisions on our future programme will be taken on June 24 after we meet with our central committee leaders, frontal organizations and units based in the Dooars and Terai,\" said Roshan Giri, GJM general secretary.The GJM leader was non-committal on the GTA election the state government intends to hold in July. \"Holding the GTA election is the state government's decision. We are neither looking forward to it nor discussing it at present. Our main issue now is to get the areas we demanded for the GTA.\"Refusing to give any importance to Gorkha National Liberation Front (GNLF) leader Subash Ghisingh's high court petition, in which he challenged the GTA's formation, Giri said, \"We will consult our advocates and take necessary steps to be a party to the court case.\" Ghisingh has filed a petition in the HC challenging the formation of the GTA in spite of the Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council (DGHC) Act not being amended. \"See, the DGHC has a two tier panchayat and for that the constitution was amended. On the other hand, the GTA will have a three tier panchayat system,\" explained Giri.The DGHC was formed in 1988 by a state act after a prolonged bloody agitation that took the life of more than 1200 people. Interestingly, Siliguri that lies in the foothills is a sub division of Darjeeling district and was accorded the Zilla Mahakuma Parishad status, while a two tier panchayat system was incorporated for administrative purposes in the Hill regions comprising the three subdivisions of Darjeeling, Kalimpong and Kurseong.Refuting allegations raised by a quarter of the Trinamool Congress (TMC) leaderships that GJM indulges in autocratic and undemocratic methods to squash opposition voice in the Hills, Giri replied, \"The TMC does not have any public mandate in the Hill regions. The opposition parties are carrying out their political activities. This points to the fact that there is complete democracy and peace in the Hills. All allegations against our party are false.\"With the political atmosphere unstable in the Hills, leaders and supporters of the opposition, including a disgruntled lot from GJM, have taken shelter under TMC's banner. Several important leaders of the opposition along with their supporters have already been inducted in the TMC fold in the plains over the past few weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14308681", "title": "UPA in office but powerless: BJP", "text": "JAIPUR: BJP on Wednesday refuted claims that NDA was having any trouble on deciding its Presidential candidate or that an announcement in this regard is delayed.\"Where is the delay? We still have time and we will make an announcement soon.The NDA is taking its time to discuss and decide a name, this does not mean the decision is delayed,\" BJP's national spokesperson Nirmala Sitaraman said here on Wednesday. Sitaraman was in Jaipur to participate in a workshop held by the party's national CA cell.Seeking support for the BJP's nation-wide \"jail bharo andolan\" against the Congress-led UPA government and the Congress government in the states, Sitaraman lashed out at the UPA saying it was a paralytic.She claimed that though in office, UPA was not in power. \"As former finance minister Yaswant Singh often says, UPA in the name of limitations of a coalition government fails in taking soft decisions, forget the tough ones,\" she said.On the UPA's economic policies, she said, \"Even international investors are worried and doubtful about India's economy. The UPA claims development but it is a zero-employment development.\" Sitaraman added that the UPA had failed to successfully fulfill even a single promise it had promised to do within 100 days of coming to power again in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14308048", "title": "Enforcement Directorate to quiz accused in three cases", "text": "HYDERABAD: Armed with an order to question and record the statements of all the accused in the Emaar, OMC and Jagan assets cases, officials of the Enforcement Directorate (ED) have arrived in Hyderabad along with a detailed and separate questionnaire.These officials are planning to complete their job in the next few days starting June 24 as the CBI court gave them only 15 days time to complete the process.The ED has got permission from the court to question Nimmagadda Prasad and K V Brahmananda Reddy in Jagan assets case, IAS officers V D Rajagopal and Srilakshmi in the Obulapuram Mining Company (OMC) case and Koneru Rajendra Prasad, BP Acharya, Sunil Reddy and others in the Emaar case.Since Jaganmohan Reddy, who is currently in Chanchalguda jail, was sent to judicial custody only after May 27, the ED's petition seeking to record his statement is still pending in the court. The CBI court on Wednesday issued notice to Jagan asking him to explain his stand on the ED's petition to question him in jail. Meanwhile, in a separate development, the CBI court on Wednesday allowed the accused companies like Jagati, Janani Infra, Hetero and Ramky group etc to be represented in the ongoing court proceedings by their company secretaries.The court brushed aside the contention of the CBI which wanted these entities to be represented by MDs who are already arrayed as accused in the Jagan assets case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "puri", "code": "14311146", "title": "Safety concerns put cops on high alert on Rath Yatra eve in Puri", "text": "PURI: It will be an acid test for police to tame a teeming crowd during the nine-day Rath Yatra if the stampedes and skirmish between police and priests during the Car Festival earlier are an indication. Policemen will have to tackle a sea of humanity on Rath Yatra, Bahuda Yatra (June 29) and Suna Besha (June 30).Crowd mismanagement triggered stampedes during Rath Yatra in 2008 and 2010, killing six and one pilgrim respectively and injuring scores. Inept handling of crowd turned violent on second day of Rath Yatra in 2011 when some policemen and a group of priests indulged in a pitched battle in front of chariots at Gundicha temple. Thirty persons were injured on both sides. Some devotees were also hurt in the free-for-all situation that stemmed from a wordy duel between priests and police.Though government claims to have taken steps to prevent any such recurrence, it did not elaborate on it. \"We are alert to avoid any untoward incident. Around 7,000 police personnel have been deployed for the yatra. Adequate forces will be in place to regulate the crowd around the chariots and on Grand Road,\" DGP Manmohan Praharaj told TOI. \"Our personnel will also man narrow streets connected to the Grand Road to control the crowd. Encroachments along the Grand Road and streets around the temple have been removed for smooth passage of people and vehicles,\" Praharaj added.Temple's chief administrator and revenue divisional commissioner (central range) Arvind Padhee had said that the chariots would completely be out of bounds at the Gundicha temple. \"As last year's scuffle originated from allowing pilgrims onto chariots, we will do away with the old practice of allowing them climb the chariots with help of metal ladders. We will remove the ladders this time,\" Padhee said. \"Just as pilgrims watch the gold-clad deities during Suna Besha from the ground, they can view the deities at Gundicha temple the same way,\" he added.However, he said that the administration might consider to install ladders if situation warrants. The ladder system was introduced in 2006 to help pilgrims, mostly elders to climb the chariots smoothly and safely at Gundicha temple. Prior to that, pilgrims used to clamber up the chariot floor in a precarious manner. There were instances of pilgrims falling off while trying to climb the chariots.Priests and pilgrims criticized the temple body for scrapping the practice. \"Pilgrims wait for Rath Yatra for an opportunity to go near the deities and embrace the idols. The temple should not strip the rights of the pilgrims,\" said Daitapati Jogendra Dasmohapatra said. \"Pilgrims will not obey the new rule. They will climb the chariots from all sides. This may lead to accidents as well. The temple body should rethink its decision,\" Dasmohapatra said.The new diktat will upset the VVIPs as well. Many of them earlier had the opportunity to climb the chariots for a close darshan of the deities. There were instances when police made special arrangements for them. \"To control law and order situation, the government cannot stop us from going near the deities. This will spark public resentment,\" Parikshit Das, a local resident said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14307201", "title": "Degree college admission deadline extended till June 30", "text": "MUMBAI: While some city colleges have started regular classes for first-year degree college students, admissions to degree courses at most of the institutes are still on. With seats still lying vacant in many colleges despite three merit lists, the University of Mumbai has extended the admission deadline till June 30.\"Many colleges have already announced their fourth merit list and might announce a fifth if there are vacant seats. Students these days are very indecisive and cancel their admissions at the last minute,\" said the principal of a south Mumbai college.Most college managements fear this trend will continue till July, especially in case of Science stream students who seek admission to engineering and medical colleges after the announcement of MH-CET results.\"We are keeping a track of students' CET scores because those who have scored 150 and above usually end up taking admission in engineering colleges. This has been a trend for many years now,\" said Vijay Joshi, principal of K J Somaiya College in Vidyavihar. \"We have a waiting list of students who have sought admission at our college and are yet to get a seat. These students will be accommodated based on the cancellations,\" he added.The MH-CET results were announced earlier this year, thus making it easier for students to decide on a course and college of their choice in advance. Colleges, however, are worried that even though the admission process commenced early this year, they will end up filling seats till July-end. \"Students keep applying even weeks after regular classes have begun. Colleges are used to this but it becomes very cumbersome to keep approving and cancelling admissions till July. There must be a system to put an end to this trend,\" added Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14309147", "title": "Corporation shivers over Jaya remarks in Chennai", "text": "COIMBATORE: Chief minister J Jayalalithaa's stern stand against erring municipal councillors of Chennai corporation seemed to have sent a strong message to their counterparts in Coimbatore.The issue of corruption and malpractices within the council has already been raised once before when a section of AIADMK councillors forwarded a petition to the CM seeking her intervention to resolve the issue. The petition had mainly highlighted that the city mayor was reportedly misusing his official capacity.Some councillors believe that the CM has sought for a report on the activities of the councillors here and the neighbouring municipal corporations and might issue stern instructions either during her stay at Kodanad or immediately after her return to Chennai.\"It is a good move by the CM and we hope that a similar dressing down happens with Coimbatore councillors too. Already one petition has been forwarded highlighting the mayor and our grievances with him. We are awaiting her response,\" said a senior AIADMK councillor when contacted.The rift within the AIADMK council was exposed when they went ahead and submitted a written complaint against mayor SM Velusamy. Apart from few councillors who are loyal to the mayor, the others wanted disciplinary action to be taken against council members.\"Two projects, a shopping mall and an apartment building in Race Course were mentioned in the complaint for which kickbacks were demanded from the owners to avoid any action from the civic body,\" alleged another councillor.Similar sentiments were also shared by the real estate sector with building surveyors and property developers claiming that a certain amount of transparency had to be brought in the functioning of the corporation council. Sources within the AIADMK claimed that the CM has asked for detailed reports regarding the activities of ward councillors and the complaints received against them after they assumed office last year.\"We have been contacting each other to know of any update about the matter. As of now there are a number of people who believe that Amma might take a stern stand against us,\" said another AIADMK councillorHowever, deputy mayor of Coimbatore corporation S Leelavathi Unni claimed that the CM was happy with the functioning of the councillors here and there was no need for her to take disciplinary action against councillors here. City mayor SM Velusamy is presently out of the country to attend an international conference of sustainable energy in Brazil and is expected to return to the city later this week.\"We have no such issues at the moment and hence there will be no need for the CM to take such a stern stand here,' said S Leelavathi Unni, deputy mayor, Coimbatore corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14309517", "title": "Youth dies after injection, kin protest", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Following the death of Rai Singh Thakur, 28, allegedly due to an injection at PGI on Wednesday, a board has been constituted to conduct postmortem. Also the case has been forwarded to the grievance cell committee.Rai Singh from Mandi in Himachal was undergoing MBA training and was working in a company at Khuda Lahora. Recalling the incidence, his uncle C P Thakur said, \"He fell off the stairs on Tuesday night and was rushed to the emergency of PGI. The doctors diagnosed him with fractures in arms and legs. Rai was doing fine until Wednesday morning.\" He said, \"One of the junior doctors injected some medicine and he dosed off, never to wake up again. We lost him due to negligence of the doctors.\"The relatives of the deceased have filed a complaint with the PGI director. Rajeev Sharma, another relative said, \"Rai was to get married in a month's time.\"PGI spokesperson Manju Wadwalkar said to verify the complaint the letter has been forwarded to the grievance committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14311646", "title": "No respite from heat till weekend", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Temperature in Punjab and Haryana region reached 45 degrees once again on Wednesday and is expected to rise further on Thursday. However, according to Chandigarh met officials, some thundery development with light rain are expected to bring relief from the heat towards the weekend.After a pleasant Monday, the temperature in the region shot up by six to seven degrees on Wednesday.While highest maximum temperature in Haryana was recorded in Rohtak at 44.1 degree Celsius, in Punjab, Amritsar recorded the highest maximum temperature at 45.1 degree Celsius. At both places, the rise since Monday was 6.2 degrees and 4.5 degrees respectively.Temperature recorded in these places was above normal by 5 degrees and 7 degrees on Wednesday.The second highest maximum temperature in Haryana was recorded in Hisar at 44.0 degrees, 4 degrees above normal. Rise since Monday here was 7 degrees. Maximum temperature in Ambala was 42 degrees, up 3.5 degrees since Monday. Bhiwani recorded 42.6 degrees, rising by 3 degrees and Karnal had a maximum temperature of 42.0 degrees, up 6 degrees.In Punjab, Ludhiana recorded the second highest maximum temperature at 43.5 degrees, rising by 6.1 degrees since Monday. Temperature in Patiala went up by 4.5 degrees at 42.8 degrees.No district in Punjab or Haryana received rainfall on Wednesday and chances of it on Thursday were also pretty low, Chandigarh met department sources said, as they predicted sunny days for the region.Temperature riseDistrict--- Monday--- WednesdayAmbala --- 38.5--- 42.0-----Hissar--- 37.0--- 44.0----Karnal--- 36.0--- 42.0-----Rohtak--- 37.9--- 44.1---Amritsar--- 40.6--- 45.1----Ludhiana--- 37.4--- 43.5----Patiala--- 38.3--- 42.8----", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14308537", "title": "Man, son dupe youth of Rs 3L", "text": "BHOPAL: A man and his son allegedly conned more than a dozen people in Bhopal to the tune of lakhs of rupees on the pretext of giving a weekly interest of 20% on the sum invested through them.The police said accused, Mohsin and his son Wasim, are residents of New Kabadkhana. The complainant, Sachin, a resident of Subhash Nagar, in his complaint stated that the duo allegedly took Rs 3 lakh from him and promised to give an interest of Rs 60,000 every week, apart from returning the principal sum.However, when he found that they were missing from their house and their mobiles went silent, Sachin lodged a complaint with police.The Hanumanganj police said more than a dozen people have approached so far against Mohsin and Wasim complaining similar financial fraud. Interestingly, some of their relatives have also lodged a similar complaint against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14315372", "title": "Thangar Bachan is a taskmaster: Ineya", "text": "Actress Ineya, who is currently shooting for director Thangar Bachan's Ammavin Kaipesi, says the director is a taskmaster on the sets, but a friendly person off the world of cinema.\"He is serious about work and expects everyone to be so, at least on the sets. If we actors don't rise to his expectations, he makes it a point to correct us immediately and gets the desired output from us,\" says Ineya, adding, \"But off the sets, he is a very friendly person. So much so, it leaves you wondering if all his strictness and the airs of terror at the shooting location are for real or not!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14311127", "title": "17 illegal sand miners booked in 1 day across district", "text": "NASHIK: Officials, who have booked 17 more sand transporters in a single day on Tuesday, said that most of the transporters were from outside Nashik district.\"Of all the 349 vehicles penalized during the special drive to nab illegal sand miners, eighty percent were of those who came from outside the district. The accused were either transporting the sand to the the district or sand from here was being transported towards Mumbai,\" additional district collector R V Game said on Wednesday.The district administration had started round-the-clock monitoring to track the movement of sand.Ever since the incident when the sand-mafia attacked district officials, the district has been aggressively involved in posting officials at all toll plazas to closely monitor trucks involved in the sand mining process.As part of this initiative, Chandwad tehsil, within a single day, reported action against 12 vehicles. Baglan tehsil reported action against two vehicles and Niphad reported action against 3 vehicles. A total fine of of Rs 2.33 lakh was collected in the operation.The month-long drive will continue till the arrival of monsoon since the rains put an end to dredging activity on river-beds since it is difficult to deploy machinery during this season. So far action has been taken against 349 vehicles and penalties collected have amounted to Rs 55 lakh . The administration has lodged cases against eight people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14310901", "title": "Corporation council hall to get facelift", "text": "MANGALORE: A cooling effect awaits MCC corporators when they meet for council meeting next time. The Infrastructure Development Foundation, a group of architects, who are entrusted with the work of renovating the council hall into a fully air-conditioned facility, are trying hard to meet the June 30 deadline set for them by K Harish Kumar, MCC commissioner.The key change incorporated into the current seating arrangement will see the mayor, deputy mayor and the commissioner seated at a slightly higher level than they used to do so far. Standing committee chairpersons, who hitherto took their place among the councillors, will flank the trio on either side at slightly lower level facing their peers. Heads of key sections, who will be seated slightly behind on either side of the chairpersons, too will henceforth face the councillorsHarish Kumar told TOI that seating capacity of the hall after the renovation would increase to 98. At present, the city corporation has 60 elected councillors, five nominated and five elected representatives (MP and members of state legislature).Harish added that there would be separate entry for officials and the councillors in the new scheme of things.Another key change will be separate seating arrangements for mediapersons at an elevated level away from the main council hall on either side. \"The media will henceforth come in through separate entrances,\" he said.The visitors' gallery will remain in its present shape and form.The chamber of the mayor adjacent to the existing council hall too will get a facelift and will be made more spacious. Likewise, chambers for deputy mayor and council secretary will be housed adjacent to the left hand side of the council hall.\"Existing furniture, sound system and flooring also are being overhauled,\" Harish said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14307854", "title": "As schools start, guard against infections", "text": "NAGPUR: The schools are just restarting after the summer vacations. It is also the beginning of monsoon that brings in a number of water and food borne infections. So children, or more specifically, their parents should ensure their wards are protected against the monsoon related diseases like diarrhoea, gastroenteritis, typhoid, and jaundice. Parents whose children are two and half years to five years old and going to school for the first time must specifically ensure the children have had all the vaccinations due.Dr Shreekant Chorghade, senior paediatrician, says generally children are not given typhoid, chickenpox and hepatitis-A vaccine in routine course but children up to five years of age should get these vaccines even if they have taken the second booster dose of diphtheria, tetanus and whooping cough vaccine. If the second booster dose is not done, it must be given immediately at the beginning of the school. All these are viral diseases and come with change in season from winter to summer and also from summer to monsoon.The children who have taken BCG, polio and hepatitis and oral polio dose should get a booster of polio and hepatitis B. \"For children above ten years of age, we still recommend a dose of triple vaccine and also hepatitis B. Girl children who have taken MMR ( measles , mums and rubella) initially but are in 10-15 years of age should also be vaccinated against Rubella as it will protect them from vaginal infections.Dr Satish Deopujari warns against typical monsoon ailments like gastro, typhoid and jaundice. In fact besides children even adults should ensure extremely meticulous hand washing. Most people don't realize that just simple soap hand washing is not enough. One needs to wash hands and arms up to elbow as well more often in day and also before eating. Spaces between fingers, their tips should be washed thoroughly crossing fingers. Skin infections are also common during this season. Children and adults, all sweat during humid atmosphere. While bathing parents should ensure full cleanliness, especially groin area should be cleaned and completely dried,\" he said.He suggested an interesting but needed precaution of proper hand washing after use of mobiles. Mobiles attract a lot of bacteria. So after mobile use and before eating hands should be washed. He also said infections happen in this season because children are suddenly are exposed to a crowd after the vacation can catch air borne infections from classmates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14307527", "title": "Missing kids: Govt submits report to HC", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government on Wednesday informed Gujarat high court that police have been successful in tracing 424 missing persons and majority of them are kids.In a progress report submitted before the high court by government pleader Prakash Jani, it was stated that the police department's intensive efforts have yielded results as more than 400 kids have been located. Advocate Jani also told the court as part of the campaign to trace missing kids, a website has been created and police officials are undergoing training arranged to sensitize them.The government pleader also told the court that various NGOs have been roped in efforts to streamline the special operation procedure.After going through the report, Justice R H Shukla asked the government to submit another progress report after three weeks.The HC has intervened in this issue after it received a complaint from a widow in Amreli, Gangaben Bagda, alleging inaction on part of local police authority to trace out his 22-year-old son, who had gone missing two years ago.The court has asked Amreli police to lodge an FIR and start probe on Bagda's complaint. Her lawyer Mrudul Barot submitted the court that the cops were not acting on her client's complaint and even after a couple of months,none of those she had accused for mysterious disappearance of her son has been arrested. After hearing advocate Barot, Justice Shukla asked the Amreli police to act on her complaint. Earlier, a PSI was transferred in this case after he was charged for ignoring Bagda's complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14309833", "title": "Surgery at Sanjay Gandhi hospital shown live at USA conference", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a rare surgical feat, doctors of cardiology department of SGPGI, led by HoD Prof PK Goel, performed a complex coronary angioplasty which was shown live to an international conference held at Orlando , USA.The fact that the surgery was performed at the SGPGI and telecast live at a US conference proved that the intervention cardiologist community across the world acknowledges the level of expertise at the city's apex medical institution.Giving details about the work, Prof Goel said, \"We did a case of complex triple eight vessel disease percutaneously on a patient who has several times been refused routine angioplasty and that too through the radial route (i.e. wrist) including a total coronary occlusion done by reterograde technique at cath lab of SGPGI.\"The surgery was telecast live and was witnessed by over 1,000 delegates from across the globe including Europe, Japan and China.Prof Goel added that it was important to share this information with our local community for the betterment of cardiac patient care within the state.\"Such an event has not taken place in the state till now,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14311748", "title": "NRI heartland Doaba to get its first air connectivity", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The NRI heartland of Punjab \u2014 Doaba, where toy models of aeroplanes sell like hot cakes and concrete 'flying eagles' are perched atop plush homes \u2014 will finally have its frequent travellers plan their vacation from an airport of their own. On Wednesday, Punjab finance minister Parminder Singh Dhindsa made a brief announcement during the budget session in the Assembly about the new airport at Jalandhar near Adampur, decades after the Punjabi diaspora created a wave of affluence back home.At present, the airport is run by the Indian Air Force. The air force base here is the second largest in India. TOI has learnt that a request by the Punjab government to obtain the no objection certificate (NOC) was sent to the Union ministry of defence on April 20 this year. \"The proposal was made long before the budget session on a request by deputy CM Sukhbir Badal,who is also the civil aviation minister. The pattern for this airport will be based on the civil air terminal at Chandigarh,Pathankot and Bathinda,\"Vishwajeet Khanna, Punjab civil aviation secretary, told TOI.The proposal letter, a copy of which is with TOI, read: \"Keeping in view the convenience of a large number of NRIs, industrialists and defence personnel in Doaba region, it is requested the Adampur airport should have a civil air terminal.\" The airport will cater to the travellers from the region consisting of Jalandhar, Hoshiarpur, Kapurthala and Nawanshahr.\"We are glad the government has woken up to the need of the region. Most lesser known international airlines including Aeroflot , Qatar Air, Finnair have recently opened their Indian routes to unusual locations of Middle East, US and Europe because of NRIs,\" said IATA India (North) head Surinder Kumar. To date, the only air connectivity for travellers from this region is from Sahnewal airport or Pathankot.With the minimum required visibility of 5,000m, absence of navigational aids like DVOR and small runway length of just 4800 feet or 1.4km at Sahnewal had caused a record 139 cancellations out of 215 scheduled flights and diversions this year. The other problem is that both Sahnewal and Pathankot can only operate small ATR turboprops. The new Jalandhar airport's runaway length of 9,039m, due to landing of MIGs and other fighter planes, will be most suitable to operate flights of ATR-72, Airbus A321 and Boeing 737.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14308887", "title": "Games on screen catch Indore youth\u2019s fancy", "text": "INDORE: It's now virtual world for them as PlayStations, Counter Strikes and DOTA 2 have replaced the old sports of kho-kho, kabbadi and gilli-danda. With emerging technology, city kids are getting addicted to their computer screens in a whole world of online games. Though some parents believe that the technology lift have enabled a new generation of versatile user interfaces, others feel that rather than spending time on productive activities such as reading, outdoor sports and other physical activities, children are now literally forced to sit in front of a screen to play these addictive games.\"Nowadays I rarely get to see kids playing native games like kabbadi or kho-kho. Even my kids are so much addicted to their computer sets that I find it difficult to make them get out for some physical exercise,\" says Tara Makhija, 40, adding for instance Satolia (seven stones) which demands so much of physical exercise that we hardly needed any other exercise to remain active and fit.However, Gauri Gupta, a housewife feels, \"It's too hot outside and would like my kids to be inside home. The computer games, therefore, are the one which keep them inside the house.\"\"Now children play games in a virtual world. We see a lot of fights between the siblings just to share the computer,\" says Madhuri Mahajan, a mother of a twin. Another growing trend that is seen in the city is going for gaming zones.However, the scope and charm with the online games keep them bound to computers. Ninteen-year-old Jayesh Nathani, who represents Indore team for Counter Strikes, (online games) says, \"Yes, we have a six-member team for the Counter Strikes. We'll be going to Delhi next week to compete and the prize money is huge. He says, \"I'm crazy for this game. This scorching summers would have been boring and unbearable if I didn't had my CS, it is fun and it involves lots of statistics and planning.\"Shantanu Rathore, a local gaming zone parlour owner says, \"The youths come to the parlour all throughout the day. Evening time is the rush hour for us. Counter Strike, Call of the duty and DOTA being the favourite of all.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14315197", "title": "Preity Zinta\u2019s big bash for Isabelle", "text": "With her co-star Isabelle Adjani and the Ambassador from France, the actress played the role of a host to the T at the bash held on Tuesday night Bollywood's fascination with the French seems to be on a rise. Close in the heels of Balaji's declaration of their film The Dirty Picture releasing in France on July 4, comes a party hosted by the French Ambassador Francois Richier. On Tuesday, he flew down from Delhi to celebrate for two time Academy Award Nominee Isabelle Adjani's induction into the Hindi film fraternity. Isabelle is a part of Preity Zinta's comeback venture Ishkq In Paris. The party on Tuesday night was attended by the who's who of Bollywood , including the cast and crew of the film. Director Prem Raj Soni told this newspaper, \"It was a big night for me. I was busy taking care of the guests. I couldn't eat anything from the spread. Everybody had a lot of fun. We have just shot some crucial scenes with her and have a couple of days left before we wrap up.\" The spread that Soni missed out on consisted of mainly Indian fare. While the starters included a variety of prawns, Mediterranean style chicken and cheese along side the more Indian kebabs and tikka, the maincourse was purely Indian - on Isabelle's request. \"The decor was French inspired with dim lighting and slow music,\" revealed a guest. And all eyes were on Isabelle, who came dressed in a Tarun Tahiliani designed scarlet anarkali . \"She had told her director Prem Soni that she wanted to wear something Indian,\" revealed an insider. Amitabh Bachchan was spotted having a long chat with Isabelle. \"They discussed the two countries and food. Preity was a great host. She was busy introducing Isabelle to Atul Agnihori, Alvira Khan, Sameera Reddy , Sanjay Suri and Sophie Chaudhary. The lead actor of the film Rhean was introduced to the fraternity formally. Preity took charge of it all,\" added the eyewitness. Preity's close friend Sussane Roshan made it for the party despite running fever. \"Preity was very happy to see her. She kept addressing Sussane as 'Jappy'. In fact, Hrithik too was supposed to be there for the party but he was busy shooting for a commercial. He sent a text message to Preity earlier saying that he wouldn't be able to make it,\" said the eyewitness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14308153", "title": "Regional Transport Office revises auto tariffs that nobody follows", "text": "NAGPUR: The transport department on Wednesday issued revised tariffs for three-wheelers, taxi cabs and cool-cab to come into effect from July 1 midnight but passengers were left wondering what the fuss is about. \"Will it be enforced in the city remains a moot question,\" they asked.City RTO S Shelke, when contacted, confirmed that revised fares will be enforced from July 1. To a query why the department was revising fares when it had failed to ensure autos to ply by meter, Shelke refused comment. In a press statement Shelke said that for the first flag of one kilometre, the fare would be Rs 12 and for each subsequent km it would be Rs 10. Thus, for four km, the revised fare would be Rs 42.The revised fare for first flag of one km for black-yellow cab will be Rs 14 and with each subsequent km costing Rs 11. The rate would be same for air-conditioned taxis.Non-government organisations (NGOs) and activists, however, ridiculed the RTO's decision to revise the autorickshaw fares. Secretary of city based NGO Jan Manch Rajiv Jagtap called the revised fares nothing but an eyewash. \"In 2010 too, the fares were revised but not a single autorickshaw driver in city has ever charged as per meter,\" he said.Autorickshaw drivers demand anything up to double the amount due. If a passenger refuses, the drivers are rude and just refuse to go. Secretary of Parivartan-The Citizens' Forum Dinesh Naidu pointed out that RTO officials were only busy in catching over-loaded trucks while turning a blind eye to implementing or enforcing autos to ply by meter.Vilas Bhalekar, president of the Autochalak Sanyukt Sangharsh Samiti, however, said unless the transport authority curbed illegal autorickshaws, the fares won't be heeded. At present, city had over 8,000 autorickshaws plying with meter while rest around 12,000 were plying without meter, he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14315131", "title": "5-month-old boy found dead in sewage canal", "text": "CHENNAI: A five-month-old boy was found dead in the sewage canal behind his house after he went missing from his house at 10pm on Wednesday. Gomathi (21) had told police that she was chatting with a neighbour and then she realised her son Gokul was not to be seen. She searched for the boy in the neighbourhood, but could not find him.Gomathi informed her husband Rajesh (24), who works in a steel shop in RK Pet. The couple went to the RK Pet police station and lodged a complaint following which police registered a child missing case and started probing.As the search was on, Rajesh got a call from a neighbour saying Gokul was lying dead in a sewage canal close to their house. Police recovered the boy's body and sent it to Stanley Medical College Hospital for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "14315472", "title": "RTO to launch new vehicle registration system.", "text": "SURAT : With the view to facilitate those purchasing new vehicles including two-wheelers and private cars, the Regional Transport Office (RTO) will be introducing a new system wherein the vehicle owners need not require visiting the transport office for the registration of their vehicles from the first week of July.Official sources said that the car and two-wheeler dealers in the city would be responsible for registering the vehicles purchased from their respective dealership with the RTO.At the time of the vehicle sale, the dealer would collect the information such as the vehicle's engine and chassis number etc. and that the same would be submitted with the transport office for the registration of the vehicles.A meeting in this connection was organized by the RTO authorities with about 70 dealers selling car and two-wheelers in the city and district on Wednesday. The dealers were given instructions about the implementation of the new system for vehicle registration and the rules to the followed.The new system, according to the RTO officials, is aimed at facilitating the owners of new vehicles and keeping the transport office free from the daily rush of the vehicle owners for the registration of their vehicles.KA Patel, in-charge regional transport officer (RTO) told TOI \"The vehicle dealers in the city and district would be responsible for submitting the details of the all the new vehicles sold by them for the registration purpose. The vehicle owners are not required to visit the transport office\"According to Patel, about 400 two-wheelers and more than 80 new cars are registered by the transport office on daily basis. One could imagine the heavy rush at the transport office throughout the day. The new system of vehicle registration would ease the rush at the transport office.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14308183", "title": "Wait for LPG cylinders gets longer", "text": "KOLKATA: The wait for an LPG cylinder is getting agonizingly long for Kolkatans. From a fortnight in April, it has now been stretched to over three weeks in some parts of the city. Scores of consumers have even been kept waiting for more than a month. While suppliers and distributors blame each other for the inordinate delay, the latter claim that normalcy will return by the end of June.Suppliers, on the other hand, point out that the delay can't be averted unless distributors act tough against diversion of domestic cylinders for commercial use.Of the city's 27 lakh LPG consumers, around 40% have been in the queue for a cylinder for more than 15 days. The delay has resulted from a backlog triggered by a slowdown in supply in the months of April and May, say distributors. \"Supply had dropped sharply due to some import issue. It has normalized but we now have a huge backlog which will take some more time to clear. Till then consumers will have to be patient,\" said Gyanparasad Agarwal, a Hindusthan Petroleum Corporation distributor in north Kolkata.IOC, the biggest supplier of domestic LPG, denied that supply had dropped. The company claimed that distribution had slowed down during the height of summer, as it does every year, leading to a backlog. Diversion, too, has contributed to the problem, it was said. \"In summer, distributors find it tough to deliver on schedule. Deliverymen can't work in the afternoon which is the peak time of delivery. So, a backlog has slowly built up. We held meetings with distributors to hasten supply and even operated on Sundays to meet the demand. With the weather having improved, supply has become smoother and we hope the backlog will be cleared in about two weeks. But diversion of cylinders for commercial use and as fuel for autorickshaws continues to be a problem. It is up to the distributors to check it. The state administration and the enforcement branch, too, should keep tabs on distributors in the southern and northern fringes of the city where diversion is a major problem,\" said RN Ghosh, DG (LPG) of Indian Oil Corporation (IOC).In May, TOI had reported how scores of autorickshwas in the northern fringes of the city - across Dum Dum, Ariadaha and Cossipore - were using diverted LPGs as fuel. Domestic LPG is cheaper for operators, though it leads to pollution and is hazardous.Consumers have been paying for it. Manasi Banerjee, a Phoolbagan housewife, has been waiting for a cylinder for the last three weeks. She has been forced shift to a kerosene stove, but that hasn't helped either. \"Kerosene supply is even more erratic in my neighbourhood. Every morning, I wake up praying for the cylinder to arrive. I keep visiting the local dealer every alternate day and am routinely told that it will be delivered within three days. It has been more than three weeks now,\" she said.\"Despite the recent drop in auto LPG price, diversion continues. It is eating into share of domestic LPG that has also been hit by a drop in supply this summer. As a result, the average waiting time for a cylinder has been pushed up to 22 days now as opposed to the normal 10-12 days. In some areas like Garia, Boral, Tollygunge, Behala, Chetla, New Alipore in the south and Dum Dum, Cossipore, Nager Bazar in the north, the waiting time has touched a month. We have written to all the three major suppliers - IOC, Bharat Petroleum and Hindusthan Petroleum, asking them to act against diversion and to ensure that supply is regularized,\" said Surajit Koley, secretary of the Petroleum Dealers' Association. He added that diversion of cylinders to be used as auto fuel was a reason. \"The diversion happens before the supply reaches the distribution point. So, the oil companies should have a stricter vigilance,\" Koley added.IOC, on the other hand, claimed that they have a computerized tracking system to keep a watch on LPG use. \"The system lets us follow the frequency of cylinder delivery to a consumer. In case it gets inordinately long or unusually frequent, we blacklist him and stop supply to check if there is any foul play. More importantly, it's not possible to divert cylinders before it reaches the distribution point. It's an open secret that cylinders are diverted by a section of unscrupulous distributors and delivery-men,\" said Ghosh. He claimed that delivery time has climbed down to 6-7 days in some areas of the city. \"It will soon improve in the rest of the city,\" he said.Distributors felt it could take about two more weeks for things to change. But the waiting time still won't be less than 15 days. \"It will be an improvement on the three-four week wait that consumers are now having to endure. Delivery can't be stepped up beyond a point. We still have a huge backlog,\" said Agarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14308978", "title": "Indore lawyer files complaint against Shah Rukh Khan", "text": "INDORE: A city-based lawyer, on Wednesday, filed a private criminal complaint in a local court against Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan for allegedly abusing the police officials and creating ruckus during an IPL match at Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai.Complainant, lawyer Indrajeet Singh Bhatia filed a pariwad (private criminal complaint) under section 200 of CrPc in the court of judicial magistrate (Ist class) Sangeeta Tiwari. Court has admitted the complaint and hearing is scheduled for July 9.\"Even a month after the incident, no action has been taken against the 'influential' actor either by the BCCI or Mumbai police. There is no fear of law among VIPs and celebrities, so I filed this complaint to enforce that no one is above law and rule should be equal for everyone,\" said Bhatia. \"Shah Rukh Khan is a habitual offender and he has no respect for law. Recently, he was fined for smoking at a public place in Rajasthan. Being celebrity doesn't mean that he is above law. Hence, I have filed a complaint urging court to book Shah Rukh under section 323 (punishment for voluntarily causing hurt), 294 (obscene act), 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharging of duty), 499 (defamation), 504 (disturbing public peace), 506 (threatening to kill) and 511 (other new crimes) of the Indian Penal Code,' he added. He has filed another compliant before the same court under section 156 (3) of IPC to enable him to file an FIR against Shah Rukh Khan in Indore police station.\"Due to media penetration, the entire country is aware of the event and hence jurisdiction should not be restricted to a particular city. Though Mumbai police had registered a case against Shah Rukh Khan on May 17 and even investigation was carried out but the case was wrapped up without any action against him. After hue and cry from the public, actor himself had apologized on May 30 for his action at Wankhede Stadium. That proves he had committed crime and hence he deserves punishment.\"He should be forced to appear before court and suitable punishment should be given to him,\" said Bhatia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14311185", "title": "Govt has failed to tone up law and order: RJD", "text": "PATNA: Leader of opposition in the Bihar legislative assembly, Abdul Bari Siddiqui on Wednesday said the state government has miserably failed in improving law and order and instead indulged in custodial killings and killings of innocent persons in fake encounters.Citing an example of fake encounter, Siddiqui said two persons, Awadhesh Bhuiyan and Phulchand Bhuiyan, were killed while 70-year-old Samajit Bhuiyan was shot at in his leg by the STF and COBRA jawans while the victims were carrying water for their families from nearby rivulets at village Dumaria in Gaya district. The widow of a deceased and other villagers met Siddiqui at his official chamber and narrated their woes.He said the police boasted of their operations at Chakarband village under the Dumaria block recently. They claimed to have killed many Naxals during the operation, but could get the body of only two of them. He alleged that both Awadhesh and Phulchand were killed without any guilt. Awadhesh, he said, is not a Naxalite and used to work at a shop in Jalandhar since childhood. He had come to the village to meet his family members, but the police killed him branding him as a Maoist. Samajit's age itself suggested that he could not have participated in any operation by Naxalites.Siddiqui stated it was a very serious trend on the part of the police, who are acting at the state government's behest. The matter has been reported to the State Human Rights Commission and a case has also been lodged against police with the CJM court for indulging in a fake encounter. He demanded the two widows be paid Rs 10 lakh each and the injured Samajit Bhuiyan Rs 5 lakh, besides stern action against the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14313976", "title": "Jaya writes to PM opposing Kerala's dam proposal", "text": "CHENNAI: With reports emerging that Kerala has proposed to construct a dam on the river Siruvani for the Attapadi irrigation scheme, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Thursday asked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to advice the neighbouring state not to proceed with its plan. She also urged the Central Water Commission not to give technical clearance for Kerala's proposal.\"It appears that Kerala has planned to build a dam of 4.5 TMC ft capacity on the river Siruvani (that flows through Coimbatore) for the Attapadi Irrigation Scheme. This has caused concern among the people of Tamil Nadu as the inflows into the river Bhavani would be considerably reduced if Kerala goes through with its plan\", she said in a letter to Singh.She said that there is wide apprehension among the people that the entire city of Coimbatore and its adjoining areas, dependent on Siruvani for their drinking water needs, will be totally affected if Kerala is allowed to build the dam.The CM pointed out that Kerala had agitated over the issue before the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal, claiming 4.5 TMC ft of water for the Attapadi Irrigation Scheme.She recalled that Tamil Nadu objected to the claim and the Tribunal in its Final Order dated February 2, 2007 allocated only 2.87 TMC ft of water to Kerala for the Attapadi irrigation scheme. \"Therefore, the present proposal of Kerala is in violation of the Final Order of the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal\", Jayalalithaa said.The TN chief minister also asked Singh to advise the Central Water Commission not to accord technical clearance for Kerala's proposal of building the dam on river Siruvani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kakinada", "code": "14307747", "title": "Vendor thrashed to death", "text": "KAKINADA: A roadside vendor was allegedly killed by a group of people over a petty issue at Elvinpeta here on Wednesday afternoon. A group of 10 people attacked Molli Srinu, 38, with iron roads. He was thrashed severely which led to his death.Two others were also severely injured when they tried to stop the attackers who were under the influence of liquor. Both the deceased and the miscreants belong to Gollapeta in the town.Sources said the vendor had abused a woman when she questioned him about beating a girl at his shop on Tuesday night. Upon learning this, relatives of the woman picked up an argument with the vendor, who beat them with a stick. On Wednesday, youth belonging to the woman's family confronted Srinu and attacked him. He died on the spot after suffering serious injuries, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14307161", "title": "Irrigation department to defend projects today", "text": "MUMBAI: Over a month after the controversy involving irrigation projects in the state first arose, the state irrigation department is expected to mount its defence before the state cabinet on Wednesday.Sources confirmed that water resources ministers Sunil Tatkare and Ramraje Naik Nimbalkar are scheduled to make the much-awaited \"presentation\" on irrigation before the state cabinet.The presentation is listed as an official item in the cabinet agenda, sources said. The presentation was deferred during the last two cabinet meetings.The controversy first erupted after chief minister Prithviraj Chavan sought a \"white paper\" on irrigation projects while addressing a symposium in the first week of May.Pointing to the expenditure incurred in irrigation projects in the last 10 years, Chavan had questioned the meagre increase in the cropped irrigated area. The NCP, which controls the irrigation department, took this as a political attack and questioned the very figures cited by Chavan. Leaders from the Congress and the NCP got involved in a game of bickering.At a cabinet meeting last month, it was decided to let the irrigation department submit a \"presentation\".According to sources, the department has justified project costs and escalations. Refuting charges that it had spent Rs 70,000 crore on projects in the last 10 years, the department said the total expenditure was about Rs 42,000. A sizeable portion of this was spent on land acquisition, rehabilitation of the project affected and administrative expenses. The department has also refuted claims of meagre increase in cropped irrigated areas. It has blamed procedural delays, including environment and forest clearances, as a prime reason for delay in commissioning of projects, which led to cost escalations.Sources said that on the insistence of the chief minister, the department has provided status of completion of various projects. With nearly Rs 80,000 crore required to be spent for completion of these projects,The chief minister has indicated that he will focus on completion of \"last-mile projects\" i.e. projects where 75% of the work is complete.Meanwhile, indicating that the focus of the irrigation sector was set to change from the big cost exhaustive dam projects to drip and sprinkler irrigation methods, the state cabinet will also discuss a proposal for approval to a new micro irrigation scheme at the state and district level. The scheme will be applicable for owned farmed lands involved in cultivation of oilseeds, cereals, cotton, sugarcane, and other cash crops.The new scheme will be applicable in cases where the cropped irrigated area is above 0.2 hectares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14307085", "title": "Imaginary bomb holds Rajdhani back", "text": "MARGAO: A Delhi-bound Trivandrum Rajdhani Express was stopped at the Margao railway station for half an hour on Wednesday and all the bogeys checked by bomb squad personnel after railway authorities received information from an anonymous caller regarding an alleged bomb on the train. The bomb threat turned out to be a hoax and no explosives were found.\"The train was halted for half an hour more than scheduled. The bomb disposal squad, along with police and railway officials, searched every bogey for explosives, but nothing was found,\" said Baban Ghatge, public relation manager, Konkan Railway Corporation Ltd (KRCL), addressing reporters after the inspection.Gahtge added that the train had left Trivandrum on Tuesday evening and reached Margao around 11.20am on Wednesday, and that the train was thoroughly searched for about 35 minutes. It left around 12.15pm.Sources added that a police sub-inspector from Sawantwadi police station first received the anonymous call that a bomb was planted on the Delhi-bound train. The call was made a little before 11 am before the train arrived at the Margao railway station. On getting the information, the Railway Protection Force (RPF) was informed, who in turn called the Margao station master who informed the Margao police control room and the bomb disposal squad.Within minutes, the bomb disposal squad, the RPF and the Konkan Railway police (RPF) rushed to the site and conducted a search. South Goa District Collector N D Agarwal, along with the Salcete mamlatdar, also rushed to the site while DySP for Konkan Railways Sammy Tavares along with Margao police were pressed in to action.Police sources said that they used their best efforts not to trigger any panic amongst the passengers who were told that it was just a routine search.Sources added that the railway authorities had received information from their Delhi counterparts on Wednesday morning about the intention of anti-social elements with vested interests who were trying to create fear in the minds of the public, especially on trains bound on long-distance routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14311071", "title": "Poacher, aides held with peacock carcass", "text": "KANPUR: A poacher and his two aides were arrested in Gurdahi village in Sikandara area of Ramabainagar district on Wednesday for killing a peacock, the national bird. A carcass of the bird was also seized from them.According to the police, the arrested man admitted that he and his gang members had been killing peacocks for over several years for its meat and feathers.The accused, who reportedly killed the peacock, were spotted by some villagers who managed to nab one of them. He was identified as Chandan, son of Sipahi Lal. He was severely thrashed by the locals and handed over to the a police team patrolling in the area. Later, the police arrested two of his aides while other two managed to give the police a slip.\"Chandan, son of Sipahi Lal of Kanjar tribe, who had killed the peacock along with his two other aides Akhilesh Kanjar and Babu Kanjar was arrested from Gurdahi village on Wednesday,\" a police official, D P Shukla, told TOI.A case under Sections 9/91 of the Wildlife Protection Act, that deals with hunting and killing of wild animals, has been registered against them.The peacock is protected under Section 51 (1-A), Schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, and its hunting and killing is strictly prohibited. However, its feathers and fat, used in the treatment of arthritis, fetch a good money.The accused have been booked under various sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the Wildlife Protection Act, Shukla added. Meanwhile, the locals informed that unauthorized killing of peacocks by people of `Kanjar' tribe was on for a long time in the area. A villager of Gurdahi village, who tipped-ff the police after witnessing the killing of a peacock on Wednesday, explained their trapping tricks.What the act says: The peacock is protected under Schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972. Section 9 of the Act prohibits hunting of wild animals and birds specified in Schedule I, II, and III and IV. This classification has been made keeping in mind the significance and population of wildlife. Those highly threatened find a place in Schedule I. Section 51 of the Act prescribes a maximum imprisonment of six years, Rs 25,000 fine or both for hunting animals and birds specified on Schedule I.Wildlife department officials said even though the punitive measures under law are exhaustive, the enforcement is very poor. A case is registered under the Wildlife Protection Act but it never reaches a court of law because of lack of evidence. Even if the case reaches court, the lack of awareness about Wildlife Act provisions invariably results in miscarriage of justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "14311134", "title": "Marda Jagannath temple looks wan on Rath Yatra eve", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The Jagannath temple at Marda, 70 km from Berhampur, wore a deserted look on the eve of Rath Yatra. Better known as Sharana Srikhetra, the 300-year-old shrine was built to hide the sibling deities from invaders.According to historians, the three idols of Jagannath, Balabhadra and Subhadra from Puri were housed in Sharana Srikhetra from 1733 to 1735 AD, when invaders targeted temples in Kalinga (modern day Odisha). The then King of Puri, Gajapati Ramchandra Dev, was in no position to repulse the invasion. Therefore plans were made to take away the deities to a secluded place in the state. The then Athagarh King, Jagannath Harichandan Jagdev, came to the Gajapati's help.Masons and carpenters from Mathura worked day and night for months for construction of the temple at Hatibari forest. It was designed to look like a mass of stones from a distance to evade detection by invaders, who vandalized Kalinga-style buildings. For the same reason, the shrine never celebrated the Rath Yatra even though the Puri deities were installed on three circular stone pedestals in the new shrine. \"The tradition of not highlighting the deities' hideout continues to this day,\" said Berhampur-based historian A K Rath.After the idols were taken back to Puri, daily rituals were stopped at Sharana Srikhetra. They were resumed around five years ago following help from the Jagannath temple administration in Puri.Now, local people have urged the government to promote the Marda temple as a tourist spot. \"The place has the potential for religious tourism for its association with the Jagannath culture. Even if five to 10 per cent of the number of pilgrims visiting Puri come here, then this place can be developed very well. Consequently, the livelihood of the people will also improve,\" said a resident of Marda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "shimoga (kar)", "code": "14315697", "title": "K S Eshwarappa defends statement on saffronisation of schools", "text": "SHIMOGA (KAR): Karnataka BJP President K S Eshwarappa on Wednesday defended his statement on \"saffronisation\" of schools, saying he would not mind facing action to \"preserve Indian religion and culture\".\"I wouldn't mind facing any kind of action for advising education minister Visveshvara Hegde Kageri to saffronise schools. I am ready to face any consequence for preserving Indian culture and religion,\" he told reporters here.Eshwarappa maintained it was not a crime to speak about saffronising schools.On June 17, he had stated at a programme here that he would advise the education minister to continue saffronisation in Karnataka's 70,000 schools and that the move was not \"Hindutva\" and should be viewed in the larger perspective.On the growing dissidence in the party, Eshwarappa said the central leadership would take a decision on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14311043", "title": "EVMs to be used only in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: While electronic voting machines (EVMs) would be used in the local body elections in the city, the ballots would be put to use during elections in the nagar panchayats and nagar palikas.The votes would be cast on June 27. At a time when the advancements have take place in the way the votes are cast today, the use of the ballot system raises a question: when will the EVMs be brought to use in elections in Nagar Panchayats and Palikas? There are a total of five polling centres and 10 polling booths in the Bithoor Nagar Panchayat. Over 20 ballot boxes would be used during elections. In Shivrajpur Nagar Panchayat, there are a total of four polling centres and 11 polling booths where 22 ballot boxes would be used.In Nagar Palika Billhaur a total of eight polling centres and 25 polling booths have been set up. Nearly 50 ballot boxes would be used here. In Nagar Palika Ghatampur, 11 polling centres and 33 booths have been raised and a total of 66 ballot boxes would be kept for the voters to cast their votes.Meanwhile, in the Nagar Nigam elections in the city, the voters would cast votes at 1,966 polling booths set up under 572 polling stations or centres. There are a total of 110 wards in the Kanpur Nagar Nigam for which the elections would take place on June 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "on sunday midnight, the silence on gandhi irwin road was shattered by a scream. soon, a group gathered around a pavement dweller. ponvathi, 20, who lives outside egmore railway station, had woken up to find a drunk stranger lying next to her. the young woman does not cringe or shudder when she recollects the incident", "code": "14310363", "title": "Living dangerously on the street", "text": "On Sunday midnight, the silence on Gandhi Irwin road was shattered by a scream. Soon, a group gathered around a pavement dweller. Ponvathi, 20, who lives outside Egmore railway station, had woken up to find a drunk stranger lying next to her. The young woman does not cringe or shudder when she recollects the incident: inebriated men make propositions or try to get physical with homeless women on the street all the time.The first rule of survival on the street is to 'scream' fast and instinctively. \"Even children are taught to call out for help even before learning to dodge vehicles,\" says B Ananthan, a porter at the station.Nearly 50 families live on the Gandhi Irwin road junction. The community seeks refuge in the crowd. Adolescent girls being dragged away into speeding vehicles or women being molested by strangers is a common hazard here. Every young girl or mother sleeps with at least four known faces around them. Incidents like Tuesday's kidnapping of a threemonth-old baby from a street near Kilpauk reinforce their belief that safety lies in numbers.Two years ago, a similar incident occurred on NSC Bose Road, when an 18-year-old girl was whisked away in a Maruti van. A crowd of over 100 homeless people marched to the nearest police station and the girl was rescued three hours later.In the shadow of the majestic Madras High Court building on NSC Bose Road lives many such families which have not heard of laws or fundamental rights.Some of them consider themselves lucky to be living next to a police booth or station, others say the police themselves are the main source of harassment. \"During rains, we rush into the railway station for shelter, but police there throw us out,\" says S Padma who lives in Egmore. \"They nab young children going into the station to drink water,\" says B Sarasu, a mother of two. \"We have to file a complaint to get them back from an orphanage near Kasimedu,\" she adds.The dangers of living on the street leads to high dropout rates, which contribute to a vicious circle of poverty. Girls quit studies to stay close to their families, afraid to commute to school, and end up eking out a living selling flowers or doing menial work in nearby shops. \"Some of them get into prostitution. Then some NGO has to convince them out of it. Uneducated boys take to drinking,\" says Padma.The only form of redemption is to 'marry well'. \"If you are lucky, you can get your daughters or sons married into a family living in a slum. They at least lead a safe life and have a shot at education and a better life,\" says Bhavani. Social workers say people believe that homeless people are also voiceless. \"Recently we sensitized a group of boys in Ashok Nagar to protect their community girls while using public toilets. The only way they can face adversity is to mobilize themselves into a group,\" says a member of the Citizen's Right Forum, Vanessa Peters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14310505", "title": "Heed expert advice on roads, govt told", "text": "CHENNAI: Taking note of the fact that experts from the Indian Institute of Technology , Madras had rated the new roads in the cyclone Thane-hit districts in the state as 'good to fair', the Madras high court has asked the government to consider the recommendations while awarding contracts in future. After cyclone Thane ravaged roads and other infrastructure in Villupuram and Cuddalore districts late last year, the government announced two relief and rehabilitation packages of `150 crore and `700 crore respectively. On January 6, it announced `150 crore for temporary restoration of roads. On January 13, it released `14 crore for 106 road works in Villupuram district. The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam was hearing a petition filed by V Devagi, which said that several irregularities had taken place in the award of tender. On March 5, the court had asked the IIT to nominate a team of experts to analyse the road work and suggestion action. After the direction was upheld by the Supreme Court, a team was constituted and it furnished a report after touring the district. Passing orders, the bench said on Wednesday: \"The expert committee found that the overall condition of most of the sections that were surveyed can be rated as good to fair. It further observed that isolated patches at a few sections have to be repaired by the contractor concerned by invoking the defect liability clause of the agreement with the contractor.\" The bench also described as a 'serious lapse' the failure on the part of the authorities to do a quality control test as per the Handbook of Quality Control for Construction of Roads. Also, pointing out that 106 separate road works had been awarded to 12 contractors, the judges said the decision defied logic put forth by the authorities. They, however, made it clear that the practice should not be repeated in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14310686", "title": "Allahabad needs recognition: Mayoral aspirants", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Allahabad assumes importance not only from political point of view but also from religious, cultural, educational, literary and spiritual angles in view of the fact that the city has given five prime ministers to the country and had played a leading role in the freedom struggle. It is time it is given its due place,\" said Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) supported candidate for the post of mayor, Abhilasha Gupta, here on Wednesday.Stating that the city was conferred the title of Teerthraj Prayag or king of pilgrimage since ancient period, she said that it is also home to Allahabad University which was known in academic circles as \"Oxford of the East\". The city bred literateurs like Sumitra Nandan Pant, Mahadevi Verma and Dr Harivash Rai Bachchan.However, it is unfortunate that the beauty and honour of the city have taken a beating which has changed the picture of the city. Insanitation is rampant, there is no proper and safe drinking water facility in the city while stench has filled the whole atmosphere making it difficult to move on the road, she added.She assured to address the above issues on a priority basis if elected as mayor and said that her effort would be to restore the old glory of the city. She also toured several localities, including Baluaghat, Rajapur, Garwa and other places seeking public support.On the other hand, Samajwadi Party (SP) supported candidates for the post of mayor, including Suman Srivastava and Sabiha Mohani toured several areas including Rajrooppur, Kalindipuram, Chakia, Benigunj, Lukergunj, Katra, Mumfordgunj, Bakhtiyari seeking support from voters.Independent candidate for the post of mayor, Dr Vidula Dilip, also toured several areas including Malviya Nagar, Kalyani Devi, Rasoolabad and district court campus where the lawyers promised to extend support to her candidature, she said.Meanwhile, at an emergency meeting of Allahabad Mohurrum Jhoola Committee held on Wednesday, the convenor, Ghulam Rasool, said that support of the committee for a candidate contesting the election of mayor would depend on their promise for undertaking development measures and co-operation during Mohurrum processions.He said that the committee would take a final decision on the same at it's meeting on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14319215", "title": "Director Rajamouli dubs for Eega", "text": "Rajamouli, who is directing the much-talked about socio-fantasy flick, \"Eega\" has decided to dub for the title character of the fly himself. Earlier, actor Nani was to lend his voice to the computer-generated fly, which is a reincarnation of Nani's character in the film.But sources now say that the ace director has decided to add a twist by voicing the character himself. The bi-lingual (Telugu and Tamil) movie that also stars Sudeep and Samantha in the lead roles will include some of the most expensive CG work ever in the industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14309603", "title": "Pak envoy to India Salman Bashir arrives to take charge", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the midst of the political imbroglio in Pakistan, its High Commissioner-designate Salman Bashir arrived in Delhi on Wednesday evening. Bashir, Pakistan's former foreign secretary, is expected to take charge as the High Commissioner soon.Bashir was appointed High Commissioner-designate by PM Yousaf Raza Gilani , who was disqualified on Tuesday by the Pakistani Supreme Court, forcing the government to elect a new PM, earlier this year. Bashir was foreign secretary when India and Pakistan decided to re-engage in 2010 after the Mumbai attacks' fallout which saw India suspending ties with its neighbour.After his talks with his then counterpart Nirupama Rao though, he was criticized in India for describing the evidence produced by India against Hafiz Saeed as a piece of literature. Bashir joined Foreign Service of Pakistan in February, 1976. He has also been ambassador to China and Mongolia (from 2005 to April, 2008), additional foreign secretary (2003-2005), ambassador to Denmark and Lithuania (from July, 1999, to February, 2003).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14309894", "title": "9 injured as Tata Safari overturns", "text": "GURGAON: A Tata Safari car overturned on the Rajiv Chowk flyover of Delhi-Gurgaon expressway on Wednesday afternoon after being hit by an unidentified vehicle. Nine people, including the driver, received minor injuries and were rushed to a private hospital. They were later discharged after being given first aid. According to police, the incident took place around 1pm when an unidentified car grazed the Tata Safari, which was going to Delhi from Jaipur. The driver of the Tata Safari lost control of the vehicle and the car overturned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14308639", "title": "Indore\u2019s Beena tops pre-medical test", "text": "BHOPAL: Indore's Beena Sarkar stood first in the merit list of pre-medical test (PMT)-2012. According to the Madhya Pradesh Professional Education Board (MPPEB), Beena scored 189 marks out of 200. Jabalpur's Rahul Nema and Shiralee Runawal of Jabalpur stood second and third, respectively in the top ten merit list with 189 marks each. All three got 189 marks, but the youngest among them is treated as the topper. Suraj Verma with 187 marks was the only student from Bhopal, who stood sixth in the merit list. In all, three students each from Indore and Jabalpur secured their place in the top ten students. From Gwalior, two students and one student each from Bhopal and Sagar managed to secure place in the merit list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14310222", "title": "\u2018Austere\u2019 govt pitches crores to put retired bureaucrat on international panel", "text": "MUMBAI: In times of austerity, the government is all set to spend crores on a \"farewell\" gift to a bureaucrat. Civil aviation secretary Nasim Zaidi, who retires next month, and a team of officials will tour six continents for a 16-month-long election campaign.Zaidi has been nominated by his cash-strapped ministry as candidate for president of the council of the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO). Polling for the largely nominal post is scheduled for November 2013.Documents with TOI show that apart from visiting Germany, Bolivia, China, Canada, Chile, Egypt, Russia, Morocco and Mexico, the Indian delegation will host \"at least three large and seven small receptions'' in Montreal and \"specific events'' in New York. The ICAO is based in Montreal.A conservative estimate pegs the campaign expense at Rs 84 lakh, apart from airfares to and from the 36 member-countries of ICAO. But officials in other ministries say the cost of the campaign is bound to escalate. \"The government had sent a directive to all ministries and departments to make a mandatory 10% cut in non-plan expenditure for 2012/13 in a bid to contain its ballooning fiscal deficit. But Zaidi's election campaign flies in the face of such fiscal measures,'' an official said.The campaign plan has been a topic of discussion among those privy to the development as post-retirement plans made by bureaucrats are subject of interest among babus. While officials from the civil aviation ministry and DGCA contend it will be a matter of pride if Zaidi is elected as ICAO president, others don't buy the rationale.\"There are several such posts in the UN and international agencies and we cannot afford to field retired bureaucrats for each and spend a fortune on their world-wide campaigns,'' said an external affairs ministry official.Zaidi, a 1976-batch Uttar Pradesh cadre IAS officer, has been with the civil aviation ministry since 2003. He was the Representative of India (ROI) in ICAO from November 2005 to November 2008. The grand election campaign plan, a copy of which is with TOI, was prepared in May by aviation ministry officials in consultation with Arun Mishra, the Indian representative in ICAO.\"The first component consists of visits to state capitals. These would include visits to major regions of Asia Pacific, Russia and Middle East, Europe, Latin America and the Caribbean, North America and Africa,'' said the note prepared by Shubha Thakur, a director in the aviation ministry.It said Mishra has sent an approximate cost of the expenditure likely to be incurred. \"Approximately $150,000 (about Rs 84 lakh) would be required over and above the air tickets. It is proposed that the amount may be allocated to ROI, who may also be made the focal point for arranging the election campaign. It is proposed the ROI be empowered to withdraw the amount in advance and keep it in a new bank account for the purpose and that a monthly expenditure statement be required to be sent by the ROI to the ministry,'' the note said.The cost of air tickets \u2014 which would constitute a major chunk of the campaign cost with the delegation flying first class or business class to 36 cities \u2014 has not been worked out yet.Zaidi, when asked to react on Tuesday, said since the query was about him, he was \"not in a position to comment''. Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh told TOI he was aware about Zaidi contesting the post, but didn't know the details of the election campaign as it was being prepared by the MEA. When told that it was his ministry that had prepared the plan, Singh said he hadn't seen the plan yet. \"I will check it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14310801", "title": "Govt trying to obstruct Save Ganga Movement, says seer", "text": "Varanasi: The apathetic attitude of the Central government towards the movement of saints and devotees for the uninterrupted and clean flow of the Ganga shows that it intends to obstruct the flow of the movement too, said Swami Avimukteshwaranand Saraswati, the convener of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam.\"Sarkar ki mansa par sandeh hai ki ye humari Ganga tapasya ke pravah ko bhi Ganga kin terah avrudh karna chahati hai (We have doubt on the intention of the government that it wants to block the flow of our Ganga tapasya like the flow of the Ganga),\" Avimuktershwartanand told TOI. He, however, made it clear that the Ganga tapasya would continue until the government considered the demands of seers. \"The movement would be intensified nationwide,\" he said.It may be mentioned here that a rally was held on June 18 at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi under the banner of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam demanding unobstructed flow of the Ganga. Besides the Ganga activists and saints from different places, the Shankaracharya of Jyotish and Sharda Dwarka peeths Swami Swaroopanand Saraswati also attended the rally. \"But, we failed to get any assurance in this regard from the government,\" said Avimukteshwaranand after returning from New Delhi.The main concern of the Ganga activists is that the government has planned a series of hydro projects on the Ganga and its tributaries. The river will flow through tunnels and reservoirs in the hill stretch. It will hurt the spiritual, ecological and social functions of the holy river. It is believed that the Ganga has unique spiritual power to provide salvation. They advocate for the water quality and flow of the river in its pristine form.But, it was unfortunate to see that when the rally was held in New Delhi on the issue of on June 18, all polluting activities were going on here in Varanasi, including at the very place from where the Ganga Seva Abhiyanam originated. One could see the heap of garbage on the bank of the Ganga at Kedar Ghat and discharge of wastewater into the river at several other points.According to Prof B D Tripathi, noted environmentalist at the Banaras Hindu University (BHU) and expert member of the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA), the natural flow of water flushes solid materials while building a dam on the river reduces its flow. The cleansing process is done by aquatic micro-organisms that break waste materials.These micro-organisms require dissolved oxygen (DO) in the water to do their job. \"A holistic approach should be adopted to maintain sound health of the holy river,\" said Tripathi, who recently visited Uttarakhand for an ecological study of the river.Meanwhile, an elderly local citizen, Yash Pal Kumar, who is an advocate by profession, has written to the Chief Justice of India (CJI) requesting his intervention for the continuous and clean flow of the Ganga. \"Mother Ganga is at the verge of extinction due to materialistic policy of the Central government and Uttartakhand government,\" he said adding that there were various alternative means to produce electricity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14311167", "title": "Nashik-Sinnar road project to kick-off in six months", "text": "NASHIK: The work of widening the Nashik-Sinnar road to accommodate four lanes including the Sinnar by-pass will begin within the next six months.The Rs 312.96-cror public-private partnership (PPP) project has been sanctioned by the Central govern-ment's cabinet sub-commi-ttee, Nashik MP Sameer Bhujbal said.Bhujbal said the recent sanction involved initiation of the tender process. He added that the project will adhere to new toll fee-collection norms, and will offer toll concessions to vehicles registered in the district, with discounted monthly season tickets for vehicles registered within a 20-km radius of the proposed toll plaza at Shinde, which would take two years for completion after the construction begins.The central government has sanctioned Rs 67.5 crore for the project, the detailed report for which was presented in 2009.The four-lane road widening project is to be carried out by the state public works department and will have service roads between Nashik and Shinde village.The project will provide six major under passes with six foot overbridges (FOB), three of which will be in the Sinnar by-pass area.The underpasses would be located at Shinde village, the Nashik sugar factory, Chincholi Phata, Naigaon Phata, Chehdi and the Sinnar-Ghoti intersection on the Sinnar bypass road.The forest department has agreed in principle to transfer land to the public works department to begin the project, Sameer Bhujbal said.The project on the 25-km stretch is scheduled to be completed in the next two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14307465", "title": "Juggernaut rolls out today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As the 135th Rath Yatra is all set to roll out on Thursday morning, the three chariots on the premises of Jagannath Temple and the elephants outside got a new look on Wednesday evening. The yatra will cover 22 km and attract lakhs of devotees. The city and state machinery worked round-the-clock checking all the arrangements till late in the night.The maha aarti was performed in the evening where many dignitaries were present. \"The aarti is important as after it, the gods' eyes would be opened on Thursday morning. Many devotees participated in the event. For past five days, the temple is getting more than 10,000 devotees daily. Adequate security arrangements have been made so as to prevent any untoward incident,\" said temple trustees.Last year, the temple had witnessed a stampede on rath yatra eve in which three people were injured. So the city police have separated the entry and exit points this year.The big draw at the temple, however, was elephants, live music and sakhis from north India. Hundreds of citizens thronged Hathi khana to see the annual ritual. \"The hues and designs remain the same over the years but it is a tedious part to paint the front of an elephant and prepare it for the big day. It takes almost half a day. Moreover, the ceremonial shield is attached to front of the trunk in the morning. To keep them in good mood is utmost important,\" said Gopinath, a mahout.A group of sakhis, the cross-dressers from north India, performed dance for Lord Jagannath in the evening. The group will be among 18 bhajan mandlis that follow the chariots during the yatra.Senior police officials visited the temple late in the evening for final review of security arrangement. The Jamalpur police chowky has been converted into an impromptu control room as more than 1,500 policemen have been deployed in the 200-metre radius of the temple. The devotees had to pass through metal detector to gain access to the temple.\"Public support is good and so far the security arrangements have been satisfactory. Area level meetings have been conducted. Muslim leaders will greet the procession at three prominent points in the city. Considering the amicable atmosphere, in third consecutive year, there will be no janta curfew in areas such as Dariapur and Shahpur,\" said a senior police official.Jumbos a big draw among devoteesWhat would the rath yatra be without the majestic elephants marching ahead of the procession carrying insignia of the temple? The tuskers have been part of the century-old tradition. It is however not always easy to control the animals. A forest department official thus is on guard during the entire procession with a tranquilizer gun to take care of any emergency.\"Elephants are considered to be form of Lord Ganesha that ensures piety and prosperity. Thus, many are seen seeking blessings from them during the yatra and offering them alms and fruits like banana. While the temple has six elephants, other 12 elephants come from various akhada. The elephants gather at the temple a month in advance and can be seen carrying huge amount of fodder for the other animals,\" said a temple official.As tradition goes, the first invite for the yatra is sent to the Ganesha Temple in Jamalpur. The temple houses samadhi of the first elephant owned by the temple, Mohan. \"In 1985, it was difficult to carry out the yatra because of communal tension. Several government agencies tried to dissuade people from organizing the procession. At that time, an elephant started pulling the rath of Lord Jagannath out of the temple premises. It gave confidence to other devotees and amid the deafening roar of 'Jay Ranchhod', the procession began,\" recounts a volunteer.Earlier, simple embroidered silk hoods were worn by the elephants but in last decade, it has been replaced by ornate nethipattam on the lines of south Indian tradition, which adorns the trunk and forehead of the elephant.\"Every elephant needs around 100kg of food on a daily basis and up to 40 litres of water during summers. They have to be kept in shape by long walks,\" said a mahout.Super chefs: Feeding 1 lakh in 1 hourWhat is it to host a mega feast that lasts for an hour but the challenge is to arrange food for more than one lakh people? Ask residents of Saraspur and they can stump any management expert when it comes to feeding people with precision and passion. The locality, known as mosal or maternal place of the deities, turns into a big well-oiled machinery belting out delicacies ahead of Rath Yatra.\"People have to start arrangement for an event such as marriage a month in advance. However, with god's grace, we have been able to pull off the occasion every year. It is a locality of around 50,000 but on the day of Rath Yatra, double the persons have meals here. Two more pols have participated this year around,\" said Dhirubhai Kapadia, trustee of the Ranchhodrai temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14307449", "title": "Gujarat Technological University finalizes punishment for staff indulging in malpractices", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Technological University has on Wednesday finalized the punishment for its staff, who have been caught indulging in malpractices during the examination.The University had formed a seven-member committee to decide on the punishment for its staff. As per the punishment which has been decided by the seven member committee formed by the GTU, the University has decided that a professor or an invigilator or any of its staff was caught indulging in malpractice they would be debarred from the examination work.GTU officials said that if the offence was that of the serious nature the GTU has even decided to take disciplinary action and even stop the increment of the staff.tnnOfficials said that the punishment will be implemented from this academic session. The GTU has also decided to form a committee which will decide on the nature of the offence and the punishment which is to be given to the professor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14310384", "title": "161 special schools don\u2019t meet criteria", "text": "PUNE: As many as 161 special schools run by as many NGOs in the state that had applied for government funds called grant-in-aid do not meet the eligibility criteria, an evaluation undertaken by the Disability Commissionerate, Pune, has said. The report has been sent to the state social justice department.Only those NGOs running special schools started before October 1, 2002 can apply and receive grant-in-aid, as per the policy of the state social justice department. Upon re-evaluation of the applications for grants that had been recommended by district-level officials, the commissionerate found that 115 NGOs had obtained licences between October 2, 2002, and February 2010.Licences are required to establish or maintain an institution for persons with disabilities under Section 51 of the Persons with Disabilities (Equal Opportunities, Protection of Rights and Full Participation) Act, 1995.\"Their applications were haphazardly recommended by field officials in various districts without a detailed enquiry. Hence a re-evaluation was necessary. If these NGOs were established after October 2, 2002, how could they have sent applications for grant-in-aid, claiming that they had their special schools running before October 1, 2002? These NGOs had fabricated records, claiming to fulfil the eligibility criteria which they did not. In addition, the district level officials erroneously recommended these false applications,\" said a senior official of the disability commissionerate.Another eligibility criterion to start such an NGO requires it to be registered under the Society's Registration Act, 1860. But 14 of the 161 NGOs had received their registrations after 2003, which made them ineligible for receiving grants. \"If these 14 NGOs started their institutions after 2003, how could they have run special schools before they even started? Field officers ignored this criterion as well,\" the official said.Two other special schools whose applications had earlier been approved by district field officers had received their licences (as is mandatory under the Section 51 of the Persons with Disabilities-Equal Opportunities, Protection of Rights and Full Participation Act, 1995) after 2008.\"These two schools had closed down, but were re-established after 2008. They too did not fit the eligibility criterion. Yet their applications for grant had been recommended by the district field officials,\" he said.Yet another eligibility criterion for applying for grant-in-aid is that a school should have completed at least two years after obtaining licence, at the time of applying for assistance. \"This criterion was also flouted, as four other special schools had received their licences after March 2010. In addition, as many as 26 special schools of the total 161 were found to have a 'doubtful' status, and needed detailed scrutiny before sanction of grant,\" the official said.Grant-in-aid covers the salaries of approved staff in the school as well as non-salary grants for recurring expenditure and other recurring non-honorarium items such as rent, food expenses (in case of residential school), contingencies, and so on,\" the official said.There is a set procedure to apply for grant-in-aid. \"The NGOs first send their proposals for grants to the district officials of the social welfare department who recommend these proposals to the disability commissionerate, which forwards them to the state government,\" he said.The social justice department has formed a committee which will frame a new policy based on which NGOs can apply for grant-in-aid, so that such malpractices do not happen, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "14308242", "title": "Three labourers killed, another injured", "text": "AMRAVATI: Three labourers were killed while one was seriously injured when a heap of mud accidentally fell on them on Wednesday afternoon. The incident occurred near Amravati Express highway while the labourers were working at the four-lane highway construction site.Around 30 labourers were working at the site when a huge heap of mud collapsed due to the vibration of machines operating at the construction site. The four labourers were virtually buried under the heap. Police to the spot and pulled out the labourers trapped under the rubble with the help of a crane. Three labourers were found dead while one was seriously injured.The deceased have been identified as Charan Uday Kisku (30), Rupai Barish Marandi (35), resident of Godfera Mayur branch, Orrisa and Lalafirtu Kurmi (35), resident of Chhattisgarh. Another labourer Chhotu Dodu, also resident of Chhattisgarh , was rushed to District General Hospital but was later shifted to a private hospital for treatment. Engineer Prabhat Raut too sustained head injury in the mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14310205", "title": "Sensory garden to help kids with disabilities learn while playing", "text": "PUNE: The city now has its own sensory garden specifically created to be accessible and enjoyable to children with disabilities.The 600-sq-ft garden, called the Rotary Sensory Garden, housed in Bal Kalyan Sanstha, has 10 elaborately-created spaces providing sensory opportunities which people with disabilities normally do not experience.The garden, developed by Rotary Club of Pune East and Barclays Technology Centre in Pune, boasts of tactile flooring, a sand pit, mini pond, sound instruments, including drums and bells, a tactile panel wall, 66 varieties of plants, etc.Minita Patil, manager, Bal Kalyan Sanstha, said, \"Many European countries have sensory gardens to suit all kinds of disabilities. There are sensory gardens in India too, but they are primarily restricted to specific disabilities only. At this garden special children with various disabilities can learn and enjoy themselves.\"A portion of the garden has a pond in which children can play. \"One side of the pond has a stationary structure resembling a boat, and has been designed according to the special needs of children with various disabilities, including cerebral palsy,\" said Patil, adding that the garden was built at a cost of Rs 25 lakh.A tactile panel wall at the entrance has different materials embedded in it. Children can touch and experience the different textures, describe the various sensations, and also investigate which material is hot, cold, soft or hard and can identify the materials by their names later.The garden has a game of snakes and ladders and a periscope (an instrument for observing from a concealed position). \"A 'magic sound instrument' is another interesting component of the garden. The user's voice travels from one end of a steel pipe and can be heard at the other end in the form of sound waves. In addition, there are 66 varieties of plants with different smells, taste and textures here. Many of these plants are scented, while some are also edible,\" said Patil, adding that the garden is frequented by an average of 150-200 people daily.\"Sensory gardens improve fine and gross motor skills of the user, encourage communication, stimulate sensory awareness and promote hands-on and multi-sensory learning. They also reduce aggressive behavior,\" she added.Suvarna Kadam, parent of a four-year-old with mild autism, said, \"My daughter loved the tactile flooring and spent considerable amount of time just exploring the different textures. The drums and bells create resonance which attracts children. Children are free to play as they like and can be themselves here, which is not possible in other gardens.\"Madhavi Shahane, special educator for hard of hearing, at the C R Ranganathan School for the Deaf, brought about 60 students to the garden on Wednesday. \"The garden not only helps in educating the students, but is also be a great recreation for them. Though these students suffer from partial or total inability to hear, they can feel the vibration caused by the musical instruments such as the drums and the musical tree. This brings them immense joy. It is their first visit to the garden so they are trying to understand all the features here. The next visit will be even more enjoyable,\" said Shahane.Sharda Devi, mother of a 12-year-old with autism, said features such as the stationary bicycles will help children learn balancing. \"The play ladder will help autistic children overcome the fear of downward motion,\" she observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14309227", "title": "Man operated upon after rod pierces abdomen", "text": "NEW DELHI: Doctors at the AIIMS Trauma Centre have removed the eight-feet-long and three inches wide iron rod that had penetrated the left abdomen of a 25-year-old construction engineer when he fell from a crane in Noida on Tuesday. According to Dr Bipab Mishra, assistant professor of surgery, the victim is out of danger but there is risk of infection. \"The rod pierced through the left side of the patient's abdomen and exited from near the armpits. None of the vital organs or nerves were injured. We have removed the rod successfully and debridement has been conducted to check infection,\" said Misra. He added the upper limb of the patient is weak but any damage to nerve being the cause of it has been overruled by neurosurgeons. A senior police official said that the victim, K K Pandey, was working at a project site in sector 74. \"Pandey and two other labourers were overseeing the work from a crane. Due to a mishap, he fell from a height of about 20 feet on the rods lying down and impaled himself. \"The local workers cut part of the rod using a gas-cutter and rushed him to a local private hospital. They referred him further to AIIMS trauma centre,\" said the official. Dr Misra said had locals tried to pull out the rod, it would have proved fatal. \"In such cases, it is wiser to rush the patient to the nearest trauma centre,\" he said. AIIMS recently operated on 12-year-old boy from Bihar who was impaled by a rod in the abdomen had to undergo emergency surgery to correct damage caused to the esophagus. His parents had successfully pulled out the rod and he was discharged from a local hospital following basic medical care. But the injury caused to the esophagus during the extraction of the rod, which went unnoticed then, developed into a health crisis for which he had to operated upon, said the doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14308979", "title": "Kids discuss play area woes with NGOs", "text": "NEW DELHI: A number of NGOs that are part of the Delhi Child Rights Club ( DCRC) held a consultation on Wednesday on children's right to play. Children attending it shared the problems they face in playgrounds and NGO-workers drew up a list of demands. This round was in preparation for a July 20 meeting after which they intend to place their demands before the three mayors, the chief minister and sports minister. Adults, apparently, are capable of taking rather drastic measures to block children's attempts to play. In the playgrounds of Palam Gaon, said one kid, they have been known to connect wires to electricity sources and leave the other end in puddles kids could easily step in. Garbage dumping in playgrounds is common as is the use of drain water to flood the ground with making it impossible to play there. In parks at the JJ Colony in Bawana, needles, pieces of glass and other waste are kept lying around. Residents around parks are against kids on their turf in general. And RWAs often side with them, blocking entrances to parks. \"Aunties\" confiscate play gear and shout at them. \"Men drink and play cards inside the park, that is allowed,\" says Meenal Jain, a resident of Sheikh Sarai who is trying that parks in her colony are made more accessible to children. Butterflies, the NGO that organized the consultation left the children with homework - they have to look around and take stock of facilities available and whether kids are being able to use them effectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14315437", "title": "TCS could begin its construction work soon", "text": "INDORE: Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) could start its construction work next month at Super Corridor in the city.Officials from Tata Reality, a subsidiary of the group visited and met the officials of administration work. They also discussed the infrastructure related details. Tata Reality is concerned with the infrastructure related works for the company.Official talking to media said that the team members informed them that the lease deed with the government is still pending and formalities are likely to be over by this month end.He also said that visitors informed them that once all the formalities would be completed they will begin the construction related work at the place. It means the process would begin soon, he said adding that probably in next month.A official of the district administration also echoed similar and said that the they are preparing blue print for the infrastructure related developments at the Super Corridor. They are gathering information regarding the water supplies, electricity supplies and other infrastructure related works, he added.The company is developing its facility at Super Corridor in Indore on 100 acres of land. Earlier in January this year, the SEZ status of the company was also cleared by SEZ authority of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14309267", "title": "R K Singh had red-flagged Tatra-BEML deal", "text": "NEW DELHI: BEML-Tatra deal had faced objections from senior defence ministry officials, including R K Singh, who is presently the Union home secretary, over lack of indigenization and other issues related to Czech all-terrain vehicles, but still the defence PSU continued to supply them to the Army, CBI sources claimed.The agency sources said that Singh, during his tenure at the defence ministry, had objected to the way the agreement with Tatra Sipox, UK, was renewed by BEML in 2003, which was three years ahead of schedule. He had also questioned the tardy pace of indigenization of the Tatra vehicles, even though BEML had a transfer of technology pact with the supplying firm, sources said.The sources added the defence ministry was not satisfied with the way BEML was functioning as far as the procurement and supply of Tatra vehicles were concerned, but surprisingly it didn't revoke the supplies, despite objections from officers like Singh. Singh, who was defence production secretary before taking up the present assignment as the home secretary, had placed these objections in an elaborate note, where he underlined the issues related to supply of Tatra vehicles.CBI sources said they are also probing the \"helping hands\" of Tatra Sipox, UK, director Ravinder Rishi in the defence ministry who ensured that smooth supplies of all-terrain vehicles from importer BEML to the Army.The agency is probing alleged irregularities in supply from Czechoslovakia-based Tatra, with which the agreement was signed in 1986, to Tatra-Sipox, UK, owned by Rishi in 1997, showing it as an original equipment manufacturer and the fully-owned subsidiary of the Czech company in flagrant violation of rules. The agency has found that despite transfer of technology agreement with Tatra in 1986, the indigenization of these vehicles remained far below satisfactory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14310921", "title": "Unforgettable moments of ball crossing the line", "text": "England's football fortunes have often had something to do with goal-lines. Balls seem to cross the 'laxman rekha' without being noticed by the linesman or vice-versa.And they have created some of the most controversial moments in the game's history; the latest occurring on Tuesday night. Here's a look at three such unforgettable moments.EURO 2012 DONETSKTrailing by a goal in a must-win game, Ukraine goes on the offensive. In the 62nd minute, forward Devic latches on to a long ball and gets the better of England defender John Terry . Goalie John Hart's block isn't good enough to stop Devic's shot from looping towards the goal. Terry clears desperately but the ball is already over the line. Unfortunately for Ukraine, Hungarian linesman Istvan Vad fails to notice.WORLD CUP 2010 BLOEMFONTEINGermany is leading 2-1 but England's in the middle of a silver streak. Medio Frank Lampard unleashes a piledriver that hits the underside of the bar and crosses the goal-line before bouncing back into play. But the linesman misses the moment that would have drawn the two teams' level. The momentum shifts, England eventually loses 1-4.WORLD CUP 1966 LONDONIt's the final at the Wembley Stadium. The game is locked 2-2 between England and Germany. Striker Geoff Hurst's booming strike first hits the crossbar, then the ground. Ajerbaijani linesman (representing Soviet Union ) Tofik Bakhramov signalled a goal to send England ahead and the spectators into raptures. The hosts win 4-2. The goal is still debated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14308464", "title": "50 new share auto routes to start soon in suburbs", "text": "MUMBAI: The state transport department will soon launch at least 50 new share auto services in the city. A proposal for 167 new auto shuttle stands in eastern (65 stands) and western suburbs (102 stands) was submitted by the auto unions to the RTO on Wednesday. Of these, 22 are proposed in Goregaon, 18 in Bandra, 15 in Malad, 26 in Kandivli-Dahisar belt, 18 in Bhandup and 22 in Mulund.\"We are going through the proposal and our department is keen to introduce at least 50 new shuttles very soon,\" a transport official said. Some of the routes will concentrate on places on the tourism map such as Gorai, Juhu and Marve beaches and other areas of tourist interest.One of the reasons why the government wants more auto shuttles is the increasing number of refusals outside railway stations. \"It will also ensure that commuters are not cheated with tampered meters and they pay lower fares,\" the official stated.When contacted, auto union leader Shashank Rao confirmed the government move. \"We prepared a list of shuttles from stations to prominent residential colonies, malls, hospitals, shopping centres, markets, tourist spots and highways. It is being done in public interest.\" He demanded that the transport department should liaise with the traffic police and expedite the clearance of the new auto shuttles within a fortnight.Another union activist said there was a need to connect remote in the suburbs to stations with share-autos. \"Buses can't reach your doorstep. But autos can do so,\" he said.The union is also demanding share services for tourists. \"Hundreds of people head to popular destinations such as beaches and to malls in the suburbs. It would be a boon for them if they had a share service to these spots from stations,\" another union member said, citing need for a shuttle between Borivli station and Gorai.Said a passenger Julie Rebello, \"Areas like Bandra (E) desperately need share-autos for shorter distances. Passengers are often stranded.\" The RTO had introduced auto shuttles on local routes a few years ago, but in vain. In areas like Bandra and Kurla, the local auto gangs run a cartel which operates only on long distance shuttle routes. There is also absence of traffic cops at some autos stands outside stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14310831", "title": "BHU trauma centre's slow progress casts doubt", "text": "VARANASI: Will the city witness the start of super specialty trauma centre of Banaras Hindu University this year? While the civil work around the construction site is looking to gain momentum in the coming days, the slow pace of development in other areas is casting doubt over the start of the much-awaited trauma centre.The floating of tender and other modalities for the remaining civil work has been completed and University Works Department (UWD) is looking after the electrical and water supply work at the construction site. A major part of erection of building, supporting extensions and other related civil work has been completed and only some part of construction of modular OT, gas pipeline, kitchen and laundry is left to give finishing touch to the super specialty centre. \"It is one of the priority areas for Institute of Medical Sciences (IMS), BHU along with bone marrow stem cell centre and hopefully most of the work of trauma centre would be completed by the end of this year\", said Prof TM Mohapatra, director, IMS, BHU on Wednesday.It may be mentioned here that the construction of the trauma centre of BHU started in 2009 and the ambitious project looked set to be completed in two years period. Last year (2011) witnessed intensified efforts for establishment of super specialty trauma centre in the university and a number of state-of-the-art equipments worth Rs 21 crores were procured.A fund of Rs 47 crores were released that was set to be spent in three phases for construction of modular OT, kitchen and gas pipeline.Interestingly, the lingering civil work has not only delayed the project but a complaint has also been lodged with Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, New Delhi, attracting attention on the slow pace of development in the past one year.\"Mere completion of the building and civil work in the structure do not promise its start, as a team of specialist doctors and additional manpower would be required to run the centre. We have already submitted the list of required manpower to run the centre under 12th five -year plan and it is under consideration at the University Grants Commission (UGC), New Delhi\", said IMS, BHU director on the occasion.It is also worth mentioning that 324-bed trauma centre of BHU promises to be one of the biggest in the country, even bigger than AIIMS, New Delhi that has 100-bed trauma centre. A number of specialised departments under the Faculty of Medicine including Orthopaedics, Neurosurgery, Plastic Surgery and Cardio-Vascular surgery will also be part of the trauma centre. The centre has already been funded with Rs 100 crores from UGC and Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, New Delhi for the mega project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi/ patna", "code": "14308961", "title": "JD(U) ready to risk NDA over \u2018fanatic\u2019 Modi", "text": "NEW DELHI/ PATNA: RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat's assertion that a \"Hinduwadi\" could become PM and JD(U) declaring that it would not accept a \"fanatic\" face as the NDA nominee for prime minister kept ties between the allies on edge despite efforts to tone down frictions.Bhagwat's comments came at an RSS meeting in Latur where he reportedly said, \"Nitish Kumar has said NDA's prime ministerial candidate for 2014 elections should be secular. This shows political opportunism. He has made the statement so that his vote bank remains intact.\"At the meeting, the RSS boss is also understood to have asked why a PM sympathetic to \"Hindu ideology\" could not be accepted. Bhagwat's remarks were followed by JD(U) MP Shivanand Tiwari saying a hardliner's projection - a reference to Gujarat CM Narendra Modi - was not acceptable to his party. \"We do not care if our government remains or our alliance remains,\" Tiwari said.The comments injected a fresh dose of instability in BJP-JD(U) ties as Tiwari blamed NDA's 2004 defeat on the Gujarat riots. Later in the day in Patna , JD(U) leader and Bihar CM Nitish Kumar did not say much, but in \"informal talk\" concurred with Tiwari's views that the 2002 riots cost NDA the elections.\"Atal Bihari Vajpayee was not happy with the handling of communal riots in Gujarat by Narendra Modi. The PM wanted to sack Modi for not following raj dharma. NDA lost power in 2004 due to non-sacking of Modi,\" Kumar said.Although efforts were made by both sides to tamp down on the rhetoric, relations between the two allies remained tense even if neither side was keen to further precipitate matters. Some discreet communication worked, but the events again showed up an erosion of trust that dogs BJP's relations with JD(U), making them susceptible to hotheads and heated commentary.A section of BJP leaders was unhappy that Kumar raised the ante on Modi, although they did see his concern being rooted in the Gujarat CM's rising clout in BJP. They were keen to signal to JD(U) that there is no finality on a prime ministerial nominee and the matter is quite far from any sort of a resolution and that no ambush will be sprung on Kumar.A war of words did break out on Wednesday with BJP's Rajya Sabha MP Balbir Punj responding to Tiwari, saying, \"This is a needless controversy. Nobody has a right to give fatwa as to who is secular and who is not. People have their opinions.\"By afternoon, BJP did take some urgent steps to check the exchanges, ensuring RSS functionary Ram Madhav appeared before TV crews to claim Bhagwat's speech was not related to recent developments. \"It is uncalled for to link his view to day-to-day happenings on the political front and statements of certain leaders,\" Madhav said.It was also conveyed to Kumar that Bhagwat was only \"generally\" reiterating RSS views on Hindutva at an indoor conference. Significantly, BJP spokespersons refused to be drawn in and Tiwari also later clarified he had intended to convey that NDA would find it difficult to come to power with a hardliner at the helm. Kumar found the BJP leaders' intervention satisfactory, at least for now.Madhav sought to present Bhagwat's comments in a diffused light, saying, \"To portray it (Hindutva) as anti-secular is not correct and narrow-minded. Hindutva is the true synonym for secularism... We have always felt Hindutva is the ideological anchor of RSS and it is liberal, all embracing and a secular idea.\"According to a PTI report, those present at the RSS meeting that was out of bounds for the media, said Bhagwat also described Hinduism as an \"all-inclusive\" religion and wondered why a Hinduwadi should not become the prime minister.\"Hinduism is the religion of humanism. You are right and we are also right, Hinduism follows this broad philosophy,\" he was quoted as having said.To keep alive the Hindu ideology, the Hindu 'samaj' should come together and the country should have a prime minister who believes in that ideology or propounds that view, he stressed.JD(U) president and NDA convener Sharad Yadav, however, declined to comment on the spat. \"Nitish Kumar is a responsible person. If he has said something on which somebody else has said something, what is the need for me to paraphrase it further,\" he said.Yadav refused to answer questions on what was the sudden provocation for the Bihar CM to talk about NDA's prime ministerial candidate.Shivanand Tiwari, however, said there appeared to be two lines of thinking in BJP. \"One is that there is a need for a larger group like NDA if it wants to return to power as a government cannot be formed by propping up a fanatic face. The second line of thinking is to go back to its pre-1996 ideology,\" he said.\"This is what is being reflected from the statement of the RSS chief. We want to tell Bhagwat that the country does not approve of this ideology and the BJP cannot form a government on the basis of such an ideology,\" Tiwari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14310470", "title": "Court confirms jail term for jeweller", "text": "PUNE: Mundhwa-based jeweller Rajesh Ganeshmal Oswal (47) will spend nine months in prison as the district and sessions court on Tuesday dismissed his appeal and confirmed the jail term awarded to him for purchasing stolen ornaments from chain snatchers in six cases. Oswal was taken into custody and sent to Yerawada Central Jail for undergoing the sentence.The Pune railway court on February 25, 2009 had sentenced a three-member gang involved in snatching chains of women passengers travelling on long-distance trains to nine months of rigorous imprisonment (RI) and slapped a fine of Rs 2,000 each in six cases of theft reported to have taken place between Khandala and Daund railway stations in 2007-08.The gang members are Sandeep Vishnu Palande (27), Harish Vishnu Palande (24) and Nilesh Pradeep Ubale (26) of Mundhwa. Former judicial magistrate first class B B Pantawane had also sentenced Oswal, the fourth accused to nine months' imprisonment after he was found guilty of buying stolen property from the trio.Pantawane had ordered an inquiry to return the ornaments to the complainants after the appeal period was over. Oswal had filed a criminal appeal for setting aside the conviction order before the district and sessions court here. The appeal came up for hearing before additional sessions judge V K Shewale.Defence counsel F M Oswal, representing the jeweller, denied that his client had bought ornaments from the gang. The lawyer argued that the witnesses had not identified the Palandes and wrongly identified Ubale in court. He submitted that the evidence of panch witness Prahlad Bondre was not reliable as he was a \"habitual\" witness of the railway police. He pleaded that his client be acquitted.Additional public prosecutor Vilas Dabir pleaded for a dismissal of the appeal. He said that the gang had snatched several chains from women passengers travelling in trains.Dabir said the gang targetted long-distance passengers because they rarely lodged complaints. The local crime branch of the government railway police, Pune headed by senior inspector Atmacharan Shinde, hawaldars Louis Makasare and T B Wadkar and constable S K Yadav busted the gang after they were spotted roaming under suspicious circumstances at Daund railway station on July 24, 2008.Interrogation revealed that they were involved in nine cases and had sold the stolen ornaments to Oswal. Police recovered 36 tolas of gold ornaments worth Rs 4 lakh from the jeweller, Dabir added.While dismissing the appeal, judge Shewale observed that Oswal had dishonestly and intentionally purchased ornaments without receipts from the gang.Though the prosecution has proved the case against the gang in six cases, it was acquitted in two other cases as the complainants failed to turn up before the court for giving evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14310999", "title": "Dharna against co-op banks functioning", "text": "KANPUR: Several account and share holders of the co-operative banks of the city on Wednesday staged a token dharna under the banner of UP Cooperative Banks and Society Members Association before the office of joint registrar, co-operative societies.Addressing the dharna, Ramesh Srivastava alleged that money of common men deposited in co-operative banks was mismanaged due to the careless attitude of the concerned department. Corruption, despite regular inspections, is the main reason behind the problem.He alleged that the concerned department and the RBI were only completing the formality of inspection. He also mentioned various other factors that were marring the functioning of these banks.In a memorandum addressed to the state governor, the association demanded effective steps against irregularities in co-operative banks and stern action against assistant and joint registrar of Kanpur &amp; management of co-operative banks so that public money could be saved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14308108", "title": "Chandrapur mayor lodges complaint against Deotale", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Mayor Sangita Amrutkar from the Congress has lodged a complaint with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan against guardian minister Sanjay Deotale. Amrutkar blamed Deotale for the defeat of official Congress candidate in standing committee chairman's election. Deotale is mentor of Nandu Nagarkar, who defeated official Congress candidate Ramu Tiwari in standing in chairman's election.In a complaint forwarded to Chavan, Amrutkar said that 26 corporators of Congress were elected in the Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC) election. Party leaders managed to win support of many small parties and independent members to take Congress alliance tally to 44 in the house of 66 members. Thanks to the support, Amrutkar herself had defeated BJP's candidate by 26 votes in the mayor's election.She had claimed that guardian minister Deotale had managed to obtain two party tickets for his aides in CMC election. Of these, Nandu Nagarkar was elected thanks to party's support. Even as Nagarkar was a first timer, he was made member of standing committee following request of guardian minister. However, Deotale again urged to make Nagarkar standing committee chairman which was denied by Congress members in CMC.The mayor said that Nagarkar had fought last civic election on NCP's ticket. Before that, he had fought election as independent against Congress candidate Ramu Tiwari and was defeated by a large margin. Senior leader and ex-MP Naresh Puglia denied Deotale's request, holding that some experienced member should be made standing committee chairman instead of a newcomer like Nagarkar.Still Nagarkar staked his claim against the official Congress candidate Ramu Tiwari in standing committee chairman's election and defeated him by nine against seven votes. Nagarkar had won support of four BJP members and one member from NCP, BSP, Bharip BMS and an independent candidate. She alleged that Nagarkar's mentor Sanjay Deotale is responsible for this defeat. Nagarkar was expelled from the party for six years after the incident.Amrutkar has held that if a Congress minister is working to weaken the party, then it is a serious issue. She has demanded for high level inquiry into the matter and take appropriate step to see that party does not face such embarrassment in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14309426", "title": "20 visits and 7 months wasted but no passport", "text": "I have held a passport for 16 years and travelled abroad more than 25 times. Last November, when my passport still had four years of validity remaining, I decided to get my address and marital status updated, to stay on the right side of the law. I had no idea what kind of ordeal I was letting myself in for. My passport, which had a valid US work visa, has been under process for eight months now.I made my first visit to the PSK in Gurgaon armed with all the status proofs mentioned on passportindia.gov.in. The woman at the fingerprint counter stopped my application process midway citing a security alarm as I am from J&amp;K.; After I showed her several proofs of my residence in Gurgaon, she discussed the case with her supervisor, and processed my application. But at the issuing counter, the officer raised a new alarm, claiming his system showed a prior pending application in my name. His senior also checked her database, found the rogue application and immediately cancelled my existing passport.I closed the first day of my struggle with instructions to visit the regional passport office in Delhi.Second visit: I visited the Delhi RPO 10 days later but could not meet the PRO as my file had not arrived from PSK, Gurgaon.Third: I returned two weeks later, the PRO checked his system and assured me it was just an internal issue. I was told the job would be done in a week, and I need not submit any documents.Fourth: I went back after a week and was treated like a first-time visitor. The PRO said my passport was held up as it had been issued from Houston (at the Indian embassy there). He asked me to submit an application and leave it to him. But he refused to give me an acknowledgement.Fifth: I went back after two weeks and was asked to fill 3 PP forms and provide photos.Sixth: Three weeks later, I was asked to meet another officer in the PRO's office and validate that there was no other application in my name. We spent four hours on this, and the officer concluded that my case was clear.Seventh: The PRO asked me to come after a week but I went after two. I was asked to submit PP forms again.Eighth: Two more weeks went by and I was given the excuse that since my first passport was from Trichy, some permissions were awaited.Ninth: After three more weeks, the PRO asked me to write a letter to the ministry of external affairs, saying only it could look into my \"complicated\" case.On and on: I made a dozen more visits to the passport office, wrote numerous emails to RPO Delhi as well as the MEA, but got no response. If I call PSK Gurgaon, they point me to RPO Delhi, which doesn't reply to my emails. I escalated the case to chief passport officer Muktesh Kumar Pardeshi through the public grievances site but he also referred it to the RPO. My police verification is all clear. The online status of my request has remained unchanged for the last 7 months: \"Police has completed verification process on 15/12/2011. Your passport will be dispatched after 'Clear' Police Verification Report is received at Regional Passport Office. You would receive an email/sms once the passport is dispatched.\"How long do I have to wait? I might lose my job as I can't travel abroad on assignment and my company won't accept that.-Ashu Mahajan, Gurgaon | Passport file ref no. DL3070298129211", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14307600", "title": "Subhash Gupte tricked many talented batsmen, but got tricked by a teammate", "text": "What is it about comparisons between cricketers of different eras that make one sit up and take notice. When Don Bradman said, 'I never saw myself play, but when I saw Tendulkar, I felt he has a similar technique,' the world picked the story up. Similarly, when Garfield Sobers said that Subhash Gupte was clearly superior to Shane Warne , eyebrows were raised. Quite a few found it hard to digest.Gupte, who always enjoyed bowling in full sleeves, mesmerised reputed batsmen on his very first tour of West Indies in 1953. Madhav Apte, who was on that tour says, \"From the first ball of the tour, till the last, I never saw him bowl badly and mind you, he was bowling to the three W's, ( Everton Weekes , Frank Worrell and Clyde Walcott ). He bowled to these strong backfoot players with a silly-mid-off. I admired his skill and confidence level.\"Duleepsinhji compared Gupte with Australian leg-spinner Clarrie Grimmett. \"On that tour, he took 50 wickets at an average of 23.64, including 27 wickets on perfect batting pitches in Tests. He continued his good form till the 1959 tour of England. He took 95 wickets at an average of 26.58 on that tour.\"Gupte played a lot under Nari Contractor's captaincy. \"As a leg spinner, he was the most accurate bowler I ever saw. Despite all his variety, he was accurate and set attacking fields. In Kanpur, against a strong West Indies, he took 9-102, but it's a mystery why he failed to repeat his first innings heroics in the second, on pitches that invariably turned, \" says Contractor.In 1961, when MCC arrived, Gupte was expected to rattle them. He did. Mike Smith batted like a novice against him. But things took an ugly turn off-the field. During the third Test in Delhi, a hotel receptionist complained to the Indian team management that one player was asking her out for a drink. Apparently, after Contractor told Gupte about it, the leggiemet Kripal Singh, who was his room partner, at the airport after the Test. Kripal told Gupte that he had nothing to do with the incident. When Gupte saw the BCCI president Chidambarm at the airport, he told him what Kripal had said.One must admire Gupte who said, \"Kripal had not raped a girl. He merely asked her out for a drink\". But the BCCI President ensured that both were dropped and later they were not considered for the tour of West Indies. Gupte married a Trinidadian, named Carol, and Madhav Apte and wife Sheela performed the 'Kanyadan'.This allegation came as a shocker for all. Skipper Contractor recounts, \"There was rain and play was not possible. Six of us including Subhash were playing 'Teen Patti' in my room. How could he harass the girl when he was with me? The other player, who was named, wasn't in the room and on my inquiry, he not only admitted it, but assured that he would clear the matter with BCCI president MA Chidambaram. I was called by the president on the last day of the match and was told that Gupte will not be considered for the next two Tests. I tried to reason out, but the President stood firm. I realised then that the guilty player hadn't met Chidambaram. I felt sorry for Subhash.\"This is how the career of a great bowler came to an end. The player, who took 149 wickets at an average of 29.55 in 36 Tests without the support of alert fielding, was dropped because of dirty politics. Later, the BCCI made amends recommending him to the CBFS in Sharjah. At a time when Gupte was bowling exceedingly well, this one-sided decision of the BCCI shattered him. A frustrated Gupte left for Trinidad and cricket lost a bowler forever.As a leg spinner, he was the most accurate bowler, says former India captain Nari Contractor. Whatever may be the varieties, he was accurate and set attacking fields. In the Kanpur Test against the strong West Indies team, He took 9 for 102, but to me it remains a puzzle why he failed to repeat his first innings performances in the second innings on favourable pitches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14311136", "title": "Sinnar hotel gets notice over spurious liquor sale", "text": "NASHIK: The state excise department has issued a showcause notice to the owner of Hotel Dayanand in Sinnar, over the sale of spurious liquor at the establishment.The department has sought an explanation from the license-holder on why his license should not be cancelled for violating licence conditions.As many as 122 bottles of varied brands were seized during a raid at the hotel in the last week of May.In course of the raid the owner also confessed that some of the stock of the seized goods was kept at a near-by farmland owned by Vasant Gade.Excise officials said that as many as 438 bottles of liquor, most of which were manufactured in Haryana, were found at the farm.In addition to this, officials also found 10,500 caps of liquor bottles, which made it clear that the liquor was purchased from Haryana at a cheaper price and was further adulterated The raid was led by inspectors Suryakant Pathak, Mahesh Bojjewar and Sanjay Pardeshi with other officials.Speaking about the showcause notice, superintendent JP Patil said that it was a general procedure in such cases. The license-holder could either by fined or could have his business licence suspended.He added that the crime branch of the excise department conducts continual raids on liquor shops, bars and similar establishments in case they receive reports or tip-offs about nefarious activities. Last year, the department registered as many as 1,224 cases of illegal sale and transportof liquor bottles and arrested 454 persons associated with the cases. Goods worth Rs 42 lakh were confiscated in these operations.Patil further said that in the 2011-12- fiscal year the Nashik office collected Rs 18 lakh by way of fines from licensees over violations. He said that most cases were against country liquor shops, who were often found selling the liquor at higher prices than the maximum retail price affixed on the bottles.This practice not only affected retail sales figures but also impacted the state government's revenue collection figures. The Rs 18-lakh collected in fines from licence-holders has been the highest during the last five years in Nashik, Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "14308097", "title": "Cleaner killed in truck-train collision", "text": "GONDIA: The cleaner of a mini-truck was killed on the spot while its driver was injured in a collision with a train at an unmanned railway gate near here on Tuesday evening.The Chanda Fort passenger left Gondia around 5.45pm. While it was crossing the railway gate near Garada-Pindkepar, about 5km from here, an empty mini-truck (MH40/6864) was coming. In the ensuing collision, truck cleaner Khemraj Kher (40), a resident of Sakoli, died on the spot.The injured driver has been admitted to a hospital here. No relief has been announced to the family of the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14315218", "title": "Bips is charmed by Hollywood's Jeremy PivenBasu", "text": "Sultry Bollywood siren, Bipasha Basu has her eyes firmly set on a Hollywood career it seems, a la Mallika Sherawat in the making? And with recent developments, it seems the actress is on the right path.Bips recently bumped into 'Serendipity' and 'Black Hawk Down ' actor, Jeremy Piven in London. The Emmy Award winning actor (for his portrayal of Ari Gold in the television series- 'Entourage') was all charm as he impressed apni Bips with some India trivia. The actor already had some brownie points for playing Ari Gold, Bips' favourite character in the TV series. His knowledge about the Indian sub-continent was all that was needed to win Bips over.The actress was so pleased to meet Jeremy that she later tweeted- \"Met Jeremy Piven in London!Ari Gold the reason I love Entourage!Sweet and fun guy!Knew a lot abt India which ws impressive!\"(sic)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14307612", "title": "Queen's piano restored, to be unveiled at Victoria today", "text": "KOLKATA: One of the most prized possessions of the Victoria Memorial Hall is making a re-appearance. It was kept away from public view for more than 15 years. Finally, Queen Victoria's grand piano will be displayed, thanks to the dogged pursuance of an employee, who thought that such a prized artefact should not be left in the store, away from the people. The resurrection happily coincides with World Music Day on Thursday.The grand pianoforte, made of rosewood, was gifted to Queen Victoria by her uncle, King William IV, when she was a girl of 10. William IV ordered the piano for his niece in 1829. Records available with the Victoria Memorial corroborate these dates and more. Made according to royal specifications, the young Victoria learnt playing the piano on this instrument. The music lessons were imparted to her by a teacher called Mrs Anderson.The piano, called No. 69, was manufactured by Sebastian and Pierre, a company from Marlborough Street, that was licensed by King Louis XVI in 1785, to manufacture musical instruments for the royal family. The design is special and is known as the harp piano, where an ornamental wooden harp is seen at the base of the front end of the piano. The keyboard is made of ivory.After Queen Victoria's death in 1901, then viceroy Lord Curzon planned the Victoria Memorial in her memory. Hearing this, King Edward VII, Queen Victoria's grandson, sent a gift of two of her personal belongings to be displayed at Victoria Memorial. \"One of these was the piano and the second was Queen Victoria's writing desk. These reached Lord Curzon in 1905. The construction of the Victoria Memorial was completed in 1921 and these two possessions of the monarch were proudly displayed in the royal gallery,\" informed the documentation head of the Memorial, Ghulam Nabi.It is natural that the 183-year-old instrument would need restoration and it has taken about three months for the restorers of the Victoria Memorial to work on the instrument before it was readied for display. The woodwork naturally was chipping off in many places and the colour was also flaking off. It is also natural that the piano would need tuning in so many years, but that is not something that Victoria Memorial officials would be going for in a hurry.It all started with a leadership training programme that was planned by the Union culture ministry, the guardian of Victoria Memorial, and many other national museums. Two officials of the Victoria Memorial were chosen among other officials from 11 museums. The programme was conducted by experts from the British Museum. Each of the chosen officials was asked to plan a significant change in his or her museum as part of the leadership programme.Piyashi Bharasa, the education officer of Victoria Memorial, took up the cudgels for the piano which was languishing in the store. She literally had to move mountains to get it out of the store, restore it with the help of a senior restorer colleague and then get it displayed in the Queen's gallery. The piano being a piece of national treasure , special permission had to be sought by Victoria Memorial's curator from the Union ministry of culture to restore and display it.\"We have attended to the outer woodwork which was affected. Apart from chipping and flaking of the wood due to age, there was no major damage to the piano,\" said senior restorer of Victoria Memorial, R P Savita. A glass case has been built which is completely airtight and free of humidity, to save the instrument from damage. A wooden rail has been installed outside the glass case so that visitors can appreciate it, but from a distance.The curator of the museum, Swapan Chakravorty, said: \"I am happy that we have been able to restore and once again display the grand piano that was used by Queen Victoria.\" A fitting musical programme has been organized to mark the unveiling of the piano on Thursday. A piano recital for western classical music has been organized inside the gallery. Noted city-based pianist Jyotishka Dasgupta will be performing in the presence of singer-musician-filmmaker Anjan Dutta. Naturally, a piano is being hired for the recital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14307945", "title": "Right to excuses", "text": "NAGPUR: While almost all private CBSE schools in the city reopened their admissions on Wednesday for 25% free seats as mandated under Right To Education Act, the older minority institutions of state board have decided to hold back. These schools claim 'unaided minority' status allows them to refrain from participating in the RTE admission exercise. However, these schools receive financial aid from Std V onwards, and the education department feels they are using a legal loophole to avoid reopening admissions.A principal of one of these schools said on condition of anonymity, \"The RTE admissions have to be done only at the entry level and ours is at KG. But we do not get any sort of government support till Std IV, hence we are not bound to reopen our admissions - in every sense of the word we are legally correct.\"RTE has exempted all minority institutes which do not receive grants from the government from its purview. Schools like SFS High School, Tata Parsi, St Joseph's Girls School etc receive government grants only from Std V onwards and hence have claimed the 'minority unaided' status to exempt them from reopening admissions under RTE.Senior education officers at Mantralaya confirmed to TOI that these schools are well within their right to do so. Speaking to TOI from Mumbai a senior official said, \"It always becomes a sensitive issue when it comes to minority status of a school and we are aware of the problems in Nagpur. This year nothing can be done but we are exploring legal options to see if the schools can be made to comply from next year onwards. We feel they are using a legal loophole to free themselves of the responsibility to admit students under the 25% quota.\"However, the minority schools disagree, saying students at their schools are already from the poorer sections of society. A principal from a convent school said, \"You should take a look at our student profiles, they are all from the weaker sections and our fee is just between Rs 3-500 per month and when the students reach Std V the education is free anyway. The number of students in each section is over 60, which proves that we are not refusing admission to people at large.\"The minority school principals told TOI that the reason for their 'resistance' is to protect their constitutional right. \"Today, it is about admission, tomorrow it will be about something else and you never know where it will stop. When the department is not giving even a single paisa to us for primary education then how can they dictate terms to all of us?\" asked a principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "14310835", "title": "KLES medical college gets US health department applause", "text": "BELGAUM: Health department of United State of America (USA) congratulated the team of doctors of KLE Society's JN Medical College, Belgaum, for their outstanding research in the field of women and child health.Doctors' team comprising B S Kodkany, Shivprasad Goudar and Niranjana Mahantshetti conducted community based research project, and proved that the use of Misoprostol drug administration after child birth reduces bleeding after delivery. The drug has now been approved by the Union health ministry for use in primary health centers throughout the country. It has also been included in the World Health Organization (WHO) list of essential medicines and has been adopted by more than 20 countries in Asia and Africa.Similarly, the training of birth attendants for management of newborns based on the Belgaum research study experience has been scaled up by the union government as 'Navajat Shishu Suraksha Karyakram'. The WHO and the American Academy of Pediatrics have also modified their training curriculum and incorporated the results of the Belgaum Study in their Essential Newborn Care and Helping Babies Breathe training modules. These training programs are now being rolled out globally.Addressing the steering committee meeting of the National Institutes of Health Global Network for Women's and Children's Health Research, held at Washington DC on 4th June, US health secretary Kathleen Sebelius applauded the work done by the JN Medical College researchers. Meanwhile, she assured of extending funding to JNMC for the next five years.Prabhakar Kore, chancellor of KLE University reaffirmed the KLE's commitment to extend support for research projects initiated by the US that are being implemented in Belgaum, Bagalkot and Bijapur districts, a release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14309899", "title": "Kiranjit helps India bag Asian games title", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ludhiana cager Kiranjit Kaur helped India win gold in the third Asian Beach Games in east China's Shandong province on Tuesday. Indian women's basketball team Tuesday defeated hosts China to win the gold medal at the third Asian Beach Games in east China's Shandong province on Tuesday.The Indian eves prevailed over their Chinese counterparts 17-14 in the final.Two Ludhiana cagers Jagdeep Singh and Yadavindra Singh are also a part of men's competition amongst 12 countries. The women's had eight contending teams.The men are in Group A alongside Bhutan, Mongolia, Thailand and Qatar while the women are pooled with Nepal, the Philippines and Thailand.China got off to a good start, leading by 11-10. But the Indians pounced and went on a scoring spree, which helped them secure the victory. Meanwhile, the Philippines took home a bronze medal after beating Mongolia 16-15. Asian Beach Games will feature competitions in 14 sports: beach basketball, beach football, beach handball, beach sepaktakraw, beach kabbadi, beach woodball, beach waterpolo, beach volleyball, beach body building, waterski, sailing, marathon swimming, tent pegging and triathlon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14307885", "title": "Cases pending against Masjid blast suspects", "text": "HYDERABAD: Names of three youths who were picked up for their alleged involvement in the Mecca Masjid bomb case- Shoiab Jagirdar, Imran Khan and Sheikh Abdul Nayeem alias Sameer- continue to figure as accused in the case files though several others were acquitted and even given compensation.The Central Crime Station of the city police is delaying taking up their cases in order to keep them on the hook, sources said. One case is related to criminal conspiracy and another booked under the Passport Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14307870", "title": "BSP corporators question Nagpur Municipal Corporation's recruitment process", "text": "NAGPUR: Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) corporators have expressed doubts over the recruitment process adopted by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) in April-May and demanded a stay on the entire process. But officials of general administration department (GAD) denied any irregularities and cited it as technical mistake.BSP group leader Murlidhar Meshram and senior corporator Kishor Gajbhiye have alleged irregularity in the recruitment process. Gajbhiye told TOI that NMC is giving jobs to candidates who are on waiting list, and denying jobs to those who were selected.\"Amit Kumar Somkuwar with roll no. 1150041 was selected as driver-cum-fitter. The list of selected candidates was displayed on NMC's website on May 29. In the list, Somkuwar is shown as selected. Whereas, the name of Ankesh Kapse with roll no. 1150039 is shown on waiting list. The administration did not send any letter to Somkuwar, so he and his father went to enquire about the status of recruitment. Somkuwar was shocked to find that NMC is recruiting Kapse instead of him. Somkuwar was even told that NMC has sent an application for police verification of Kapse,\" he said.Gajbhiye further said that it was an irregularity to consider a candidate in waiting list instead of one selected. \"Entire recruitment process should be declared suspended as chances of many such cases cannot be ruled out,\" he said.Refuting the allegations, additional deputy municipal commissioner Sanjay Nipane denied any irregularity in the recruitment process. \"Name of Somkuwar was printed instead of Kapse due to technical mistake. The list was verified and corrected. Kapse had got 25 marks whereas Somkuwar had 23,\" he said.NMC had conducted the recruitment process for 280 posts in April. Two staffers are facing an enquiry over the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14308822", "title": "Prithviraj Nagar allotment cleared, ends 24-year-old row", "text": "JAIPUR: In a major relief to over 5 lakh residents of Prithviraj Nagar, the state cabinet on Wednesday cleared the proposal for allotment of plots in the area and fixed the rates for the same, along with the administrative charges.However, the decision on fixing the developmental charges has been kept on hold with the state cabinet members agreeing to form a special committee for it.The state cabinet on Wednesday gathered at the chief minister's office (CMO) to discuss the special scheme for allotments in Prithviraj Nagar, which has been surrounded by controversies since 1988, when the then government had acquired land for development of residential and commercial colonies in the area. Sharing the meeting details, urban development and housing minister Shanti Dhariwal said of the total area of Prithviraj Nagar, 70% has been utilized for building structures, 20% for agriculture. The remaining 10% land is vacant.Dhariwal, during his interaction with the media, said the cabinet has also given its approval for allotment rates for plots of various sizes in the area.\"The allotment rate for a plot up to 100 square yards in residential category will be Rs 60 per square yard, while for commercial it will be Rs 400. For a residential plot between 101 to 300 square yards, it will be Rs 100 and for a commercial plot of the same size it will be Rs 400,\" he said.For residential plots between 301 and 1,000 square yards, the rate will be Rs 150, while for commercial it will be Rs 600,\" the minister informed. The allotment rate for plots between 1,000 to 2,000 square yards has been fixed at 25% of the reserve price.\"The administrative charges for plots - all sizes and categories - would be Rs 30 per square yard,\" he said. In cases where the landholder has over 2,000 sqare yard land, the government will acquire 75% of it.The allotment scheme has been framed as per the directives of the high court, Dhariwal said. He added that a notification in regard to this will be issued soon and all formalities for implementation of the scheme will be completed within a month.For a partially or completely constructed institutional building, the allotment fee for the first 5,000 square yard is Rs 100 per square yard along with Rs 30 as administration fee. Similarly, for the next 5,000 square yard and above, the fee will be Rs 200 per square yard and an administration fee of Rs 30.Besides, the upper limit for an institutional land has been fixed at 10 acres. Also, the concerned party has to submit a detailed project report and follow the policies of the state government.Principal secretary, UDH, G S Sandhu, said as far as possible, the allotment will be done for the acquired land of landholders. \"The farmers will get 25% developed land as compensation for the acquired empty land in the form of a single patta or plots of various sizes with the consent of landholders according to the revised layout plan,\" he said. The farmer will also have a choice between 20% residential and 5% commercial land and 25% mixed land.According to the provisions, land owners whose 15% land has been acquired will be compensated by 25% developed land under the same scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14308040", "title": "Missing Western Coalfields Limited GM traced to Sitabuldi lodge", "text": "NAGPUR: The city police heaved a sigh of relief early on Monday morning when missing WCL official Mihir Mazumdar was traced to a lodge at Sitabuldi. Police said Mazumdar seemed very depressed and was not willing to give any statement to the police.Mazumdar, who supervises nearly 20 mining areas of Western Coalfields Limited, was missing since Monday night after he went for an after-dinner walk from his residence at Kasturba Nagar in Jaripatka. The cops had been on high alert through Tuesday night to trace the WCL area general manager of Nagpur area.Police said he had left home after a dispute with his wife. Mazumdar had disappeared from home once earlier too, when he had been found admitted in a hospital for some treatment.Around 7am on Wednesday, the owner of the lodge where Mazumdar was staying in Sitabuldi alerted the cops. Mazumdar was taken to Sitabuldi police station and then sent to Jaripatka police station, where WCL officials had lodged a missing complaint on Tuesday evening.BJ Hanpude-Patil, senior police inspector of Jaripatka police station, said they have not taken Mazumdar's statement so far. \"He is a bit disturbed and not in a condition to give a statement. He has been given a day to take rest and then we will talk to him.\"The disappearance of Mazumdar had left WCL officials stunned. City police had received orders from the government to immediately start search operations in and around the city.DCP Zone II MY Siram told TOI that rural police were also alerted. \"The entire night, our patrolling cops searched every hospital and nearby areas. We also showed his photograph to nearby residents. Finally, the lodge owner helped us,\" said Siram.Thanking the alert lodge owner, who informed them about Mazumdar, city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay said, \"Majumdar was a senior official and hence we had to take immediate action. The whole police department was alerted and was given strict orders,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14315615", "title": "Presidential polls: BJP backs P A Sangma", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Bharatiya Janata Party on Thursday announced its support to former Lok Sabha speaker PA Sangma for the presidential polls.\"BJP, as main Opposition, does not want to give a walkover to Congress because there was no prior consultation by UPA with us,\" Sushma Swaraj said.The BJP said it would not support the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) candidate Pranab Mukherjee since the ruling combine did not consult the opposition in advance.\"We had two candidates, A.P.J. Abdul Kalam (former president) and Sangma. As Kalamji decided not to contest, so the second one was Sangma. We all decided PA Sangma is the most suitable candidate, so BJP supports PA Sangma as its presidential candidate,\" said party leader Sushma Swaraj at a press conference.She said the National Democratic Alliance (NDA), led by the BJP, could not arrive at consensus on presidential candidate as the Janata Dal (United) and the Shiv Sena could not decide their candidate.\"BJP decided that if UPA wanted a consensus candidate, they should have discussed with us, as consensus has a pre-requisite like Atal Bihari Vajpayee (former prime minister) followed when APJ Abdul Kalam was nominated as a consensus candidate,\" Swaraj said.The announcement comes a day after Sangma resigned from the Nationalist Congress Party to join the presidential race.Tamil Nadu chief minister Jayalalithaa, along with her Odisha counterpart Naveen Patnaik were the first to back Sangma for the top job, saying no tribal candidate had so far been nominated for the post.(With inputs from IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14307193", "title": "Trees strike back, block traffic in several areas", "text": "PANAJI: The remains of a few fallen trees, lying close to busy roads in various parts of the state, are creating bottlenecks as they are yet to be cleared even after fire and emergency services personnel removed the hurdles in the carriageway.Firemen cleared the middle portion of the trunk from the road, but the rest of the debris remained uncleared in some spots. \"Our priority is to provide immediate relief and remove obstructions to traffic,\" a fire official said.The branches of a tree which fell last week near Sao Pedro church at Bainguinim are still lying along the Panaji-Ponda road. \"The wreckage can hardly be seen on the pedestrian space, but it is at a dangerous spot near the highest point of the slope, where vehicles converge at high speeds from both sides,\" a villager said.In Carambolim, firemen cleared a huge tree, which fell across the major district road connecting Pilar to Old Goa two days back, but the branches and trunk lay close to the road.On Wednesday, firemen cut a little more of the trunk and pulled it on to the pedestrian space, realizing the danger to the public. However, as there is no illumination there at night, the wreckage can still pose danger, sources said.In Mandrem and Paliem, two huge papal and mango trees lie on the road after only a little piece was sawed off.In Candolim, a huge banyan tree is blocking traffic near Ximer. Meanwhile, trees were cleared in Borda, Ravanfond and Khareband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14307419", "title": "Car, bike sales up 10% on yatra day over last year", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Driving over the slowdown fears, two-wheeler and car dealers in the city are doing a brisk business this rath yatra. Thanks to the free add-ons and attractive insurance schemes, most automobile showrooms are witnessing a five to 10 per cent jump in sales on this Jagannath Rath Yatra as compared to last year.In fact, such is the rush that the region transport office has launched a special registration number series to cash in on the festivities. The auspicious Ashadhi Bij, the day on which the yatra is organized, has become a preferred day for many to make new purchases and take vehicle deliveries.\"With worsening market conditions across the country we weren't expecting high sales for this year. So, we, too, were surprised by the jump in sales. On Thursday, we will be delivering 250 cars,\" said Sanjay Thakker, whose group companies sell Honda, Mercedes Benz and Volkswagen cars.Thakker said that demand for cars in Gujarat, unlike others states, continues to be buoyant.Last year, on the yatra day more than 6,000 two-wheelers and cars were sold in Ahmedabad. This year the number is expected to rise by more than 10 per cent.\"We have 350 two-wheeler deliveries and 200 car deliveries on the day. The car sales figures are 5% higher than last year, while for two-wheelers the growth is more than 10%,\" said Sukhbir Bagga, who owns showrooms of Yamaha, Suzuki, Nissan and Hyundai .To manage the rush of deliveries for the day, most auto sales shops in the city were open till late on Wednesday. Auto dealers said that the surge is due to the attractive schemes floated by most companies. In Ahmedabad, the Rs 4 lakh to Rs 10 lakh-price car segment has seen the maximum sales. However, deliveries for a few brands like Maruti Suzuki had were 10 to 15 per cent less compared to last year.\"During the last few days, vehicles sales had taken a hit and there were hardly any new registrations. However, for rath yatra almost all dealers in the city are set to make a killing. We have even launched a new vehicle registrations series and expect to generate Rs 2 crore revenue from sales of attractive numbers,\" said regional transport officer Jyotish Bhatt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14308931", "title": "Insurers on mission to lure youth policyholders", "text": "INDORE: Insurers, both life and non-life, in Indore are focusing on youth policyholders. The country's largest insurer, Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), for example, is busy devising a strategy to focus on youth so that the average age of policyholders can be brought down, leading to improvement in the bottomline. The average age of LIC policyholders is high at 45 years.Ratnakar Patnaik, senior divisional manager, LIC, Indore, said that the corporation was trying to focus on its existing endowment policy, Jeewan Anand, which was gaining popularity amongst young policyholders. \"Though we have got 29 lakh policyholders in Indore alone, we are trying to focus more on youth and high networth individuals,\" Patnaik said. Private sector non-life insurer, Bharti AXA General Insurance has plans to grow its business in the west by 40% this year and double the state's contribution to its west zone. \"We have covered about 1,500 lives so far in Madhya Pradesh. Out of this, around 600 are in 26-35 years age group (about 40%),\" said Amarnath Ananthanarayanan, CEO &amp; MD, Bharti AXA General Insurance. He was talking to ToI on the sidelines of a programme to unveil the company's business plans in the state, here on Wednesday.\"Pan India, we have covered about 1 million lives and about 37% are in 26-35 years age group,\" said Ananthanarayanan.Indore has generated Rs 6.98 crore of business in the calendar year 2011. It may double this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14309742", "title": "BJP poster war reaches Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: The BJP's poster war targeting Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi , which started in New Delhi and Rajkot, is far from over. Two days after Modi's bete noire Sanjay Joshi issued a written appeal to his supporters against hitting out at the party leadership with posters, the campaign seems to have reached BJP-ruled Madhya Pradesh .On Wednesday morning, the state BJP headquarters here was shocked to see a Joshi poster right outside its gate. Thereafter, the party office phones started ringing with reports of Joshi posters in various parts of the state capital.Small billboards displayed the posters outside the chief minister's official residence, the state public relations department office, on the posh Link Road, which houses the official residences of at least a dozen cabinet ministers, market places and thoroughfares.Party workers were rushed to the places where posters had been sighted. The district administration was asked to take appropriate damage control measures and the Bhopal Municipal Corporation was called in. Within the next two hours the billboards were pulled down.Speaking to TOI, state BJP president Prabhat Jha said: \"BJP has nothing to do with the posters. Neither is it the doing of our workers. The party is not part of this defamation exercise and will not be affected by it.''Dozens of posters with Joshi's picture put-up in Bhopal questioned the very ideology of the party. Posters read: \"BJP karta hai, vichardhara ki rajniti. Na vichar, na suvichar, keval atyachar. Sanjay Joshi zindabad \u2014 samastha bhajapa karyakarta\" (BJP does ideology-based politics. No ideology - just atrocities. Long live Sanjay Joshi - all BJP workers).The state unit of the party came into sharp focus soon after Joshi's ouster from the national executive on May 25. Jha, also the editor of BJP mouthpiece 'Kamal Sandesh', wrote an editorial early this month targeting Modi and calling him a \"man in a hurry'' and a careerist. Jha, an RSS man, has been closely-associated with Joshi for several decades. Whether the Bhopal posters were part of the anti-Joshi conspiracy or in his support is a mystery. But the war is still on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14308441", "title": "Maharashtra okays more pay for govt doctors to rein in private practice", "text": "MUMBAI: To wean doctors attached to government hospitals off private practice, the state cabinet on Wednesday cleared a proposal to sanction 35% of their basic salary as non-practising allowance (NPA), but with a rider. The state has put a condition that the doctor's total salary should not exceed Rs 85,000 a month.The state government on Wednesday announced incentives for doctors attached to government hospitals to wean them away from private practice. A proposal to sanction 35% of doctors' basic salary as non-practicing allowance (NPA) to doctors, but with a rider. The DF government has put a condition that the total salary of doctor should not exceed Rs 85,000 a month.A senior Mantralaya official said that the department found several doctors who are on roll of the state government opting for private practice after working hours. \"They feel private practising medicos make more money. Despite rules restricting government doctors from indulging in private practice, many doctors violate the law,\" the official said, adding, \"The incentive is to discourage such practice.\"According to statistics, of the total 8,991 government doctors, 3,979 were already getting 25% incentive. \"All 8,991 doctors attached to public health department will get NPA. It will cost the state exchequer approximately Rs 85 crore,\" a senior bureaucrat said.Public health minster Suresh Shetty said that the move was to encourage doctors to work in rural areas. \"Stern action will be initiated against those found violating rules,\" he added.A senior official from the medical education department pointed that the case is similar with lecturers, assistant professors and professors attached to government medical colleges. \"The salary of government medical colleges' staff is very low compared to that of teachers in private medical colleges. To bridge the gap, the government staff will get an NPA,\" the official added.Dr Vijaykumar Gavit, medical education minister, said, \"Nearly 2,600 teachers (2,300 attached to government medical colleges and 300 from government dental colleges) will be beneficiary of the incentive.\"The state medical teachers association has welcomed the allowance move.Dr Nagsen Ramraje said, \"For past three years, the association has been pursuing the NPA issue with the state government. The persistence has finally yielded results.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14315319", "title": "Pretty pricey plastic demands", "text": "Cosmetic nipping and tucking is finding new ways of getting itself permanently sutured into aspirants as people find ways to raise money to meet the cosmetic procedure expensesWith a distinct shift in the consumer profile of cosmetic surgery patients contemporarily this new client is also finding innovative ways of raising money to meet their demands. A middle class housewife, the girl-next-door college student, a conventional school teacher and a priggish junior exec may not be as aesthetically banal- compared to the wannabe starlet- anymore, as they too join the queue of aspirants into cosmetic procedures. As India cheers for cosmetic treatments and climbs to number five in the global market for medical cosmetic procedures (quoted in a latest study by ISAPS- International Society Of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery), just to what extent is this new client base going to raise funds to satisfy their 'need' to look good? Quite far...if cosmetic surgeons and aesthetic consultants right from Chandigarh to Chennai are to be believed.From creating 'special saving funds' to applying for bank loans, to asking for cosmetic treatments as gifts from friends and relatives, the funding to meet cosmetic requirements is growing roots into newer resources of money. Economy be damned...the new age consumer is not stopping at anything to look pretty.The Mumbai clinic of Dr Jamuna Pai, a leading cosmetic physician with a large celebrity clientele, is perhaps the best indicator of this new age funding. Being one of the biggest injector of minimal invasive treatments (like Botox and Juvederm etc that don't require surgery) in India, Pai says the popularity of non-invasive procedures is encouraging almost 'everyone' to take the shot. \"The client age ranges between 17 and 70 years. It's no longer only about stars and people in the glamour business aspiring for that perfect nose, fuller lips or high cheekbones. A normal housewife who has completed her family by giving birth doesn't want those unsightly stretch marks anymore. And she knows she has now has a solution at hand. The only thing she needs to do is raise money for it,\" says Pai. At her clinic there's a growing number of young girls who are being accompanied by 'partners' willing to pay hefty sums for a nose, boob job or lip augmentation. \"Considering we are in the Maximum City where stars are inspirations, these young girls, who especially come in here as PGs for the treatments, are finding rich 'partners' who can pay for these procedures,\" adds Pai.Another contributing factor is the good remuneration packages offered to the middle class employees now. \"In India cosmetic surgery is still affordable as compared to the salaries that companies are giving,\" says Dr KM Kapoor, cosmetic surgeon and international trainer for Botox cosmetic from Chandigarh, \"People here are now also creating saving funds like a 'lipo fund' or a 'boob fund', a trend borrowed from the West, wherein they set aside money for two-three years to get a liposuction, a breast augmentation or rhinoplasty.\" While Kapoor says a private international bank is in the process of collaborating with Botox to offer finance schemes for patients in Chandigarh, in some cities this is already in practice. Dr Chytra V Anand, cosmetic dermatologist from Bangalore, says at least two leading banks are offering this scheme to her patients since three years now, while a third bank is waiting at the threshold. She adds, \"Not just the affluent class, now the average citizen with 10 lakh salary per annum also wants to look good to land a job with a better salary as looks are fast becoming a huge criterion for jobs now.\" Many of her patients are also students who, \"Do extra jobs like becoming yoga teacher, dance instructors, waiting at restaurants, to afford these procedures,\" says Anand who offers installment options at her clinic, as also payments through credit cards.Lately, another interesting contributor is leading international corporate houses. Says Dr Manoj Khanna, a broad-certified plastic, aesthetic and cosmetic surgeon headquartered in Kolkata, \"Certain frontline international companies are now approaching us for gift vouchers for their key employees as part of their incentives,\" says Khanna adding that down south Hyderabad is fast emerging as a crucial market with very high awareness levels.Summing it all up is Dr Simal Soin, cosmetic dermatologist and director based in New Delhi. \"Recently I saw a woman from the lower middle strata who had gone in for breast augmentation. Obviously, for her to raise the money for this surgery is not easy. But you see, looking good is no longer a luxury, it's become a need and to meet this need people will think of different ways.\"What a looker of a fund!-1 in 20 patients monthly is taking personal loans from banks-30% of them are asking for gift vouchers from husbands, parents, boyfriends-5% patients have already started saving for creating special cosmetic treatment fundsPretty good trends\"Till two years ago, Mumbai led the Indian market with 45% share. But now, North Indian market, including Punjab, Delhi and Chandigarh, has overtaken Mumbai,\" says Dr KM Kapoor. Countries by number of plastic surgeons (Top 10)Rank Country Plastic Surgeons1 U.S. 5,9702 Brazil 5,0243 China 2,0004 India 2,0005 Japan 1,8316 Mexico 1,5187 Italy 1,5008 Korea, South 1,2509 France 95310 Colombia 950 Most common procedures by IndiaSurgical proceduresLipoplasty 130,480Rhinoplasty 113,040Blepharoplasty 62,340Breast augmentation 51,000Abdominoplasty 33,660Nonsurgical proceduresBotulinum Toxin Type A 193,100 (Botox Dysport)Hyaluronic Acid 127,800Laser hair removal 69,020IPL Laser Treatment 41,340 Autologous fat 50,620", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "14307288", "title": "Tree cutting work hampered in Vasco's naphtha hit areas", "text": "VASCO: Ten months after the naphtha tragedy struck Dhaktolem, in Vasco, although the disaster management authority issued an order to cut down 30 trees which were burnt during the tragedy, the fire department is unable to pull down all of them due to unavailability of a tree-cutter and also due to disputes in the ownership of the trees.The Vasco fire station personnel started clearing trees on Wednesday. They have cut down 6 burnt trees near the nullah, including 2 mango trees and two almond trees. A few are expected to be cut on Thursday. This means that about 20 trees covering parts of Dhaktolem, which were found to be dangerous after an inspection carried on by deputy collector, disaster management officials and a forest officer, will not be cut down. According to Francisco Mendes, SFO, Vasco, \"The trees are overhanging a few houses, and if they come down it is a threat to lives.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14315573", "title": "Surat to witness Six Rath yatra from Afternoon", "text": "SURAT: Keeping its culture of celebrating every festival of all religions, on the auspicious day of Ashadhi Bij, Diamond city of Surat will witness, not one or two but six Rathyatras for the disciples of Krishna. After the route rehearsal conducted by city police, the yatras will pass through major roads of the city beginning 2 pm in the afternoon to culminate by 8.00pm.An official from city police said, \"We expect every thing to pass peacefully and as per plan like past years.\" Police has deployed more then 1000 jawans on duty for the day on different routes from where these Yatra's are likely to pass . The fervor and craze witnessed in Jagganath Puri or even in Ahmedabad on the day is not seen in Surat . Large crowds do appear on the roads for the Darshan of Lord Jagganath , Baldev and Subhadra but frenzy is not witnessed . Surat celebrates 9 days of Ganesh Utsav and 9 days of Navaratri more then any other religious occasion .City's main Rathyatra will begin from Railway station by 2.30PM . This yatra taken out every year by ISCON will pass through Ring road, Athwagate, Rander, Adajan and will culminate at ISCON temple in Jahangirpura. Maximum police deployment is made on this route for the purpose of security. Second yatra will begin from Mahidharpura temple and will move in older parts of the city culminating at the same place from where it began. Third Yatra will begin from Udhna Indiranagar and move in that area. Fourth one will begin from Pandesara Housing board and cover areas nearby. Residents of Orissa , also take out a Rathyatra in Sachin-Kanakpur area of the city where as the sixth yatra will begin from Lankavijay Hanuman mandir in Amroli .This is the only yatra in the city that doesn't culminate on the same day but moves around for nine days before returning to the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14310661", "title": "'With leaders in jail, Red squads led by teenagers now'", "text": "RANCHI: With the arrest of a large number of senior CPI(Maoist) leaders, including some central committee members, the rebel organization have handed over commands of squad and areas to teenagers. A number of the new squad leaders and area commanders are in late teens or in the 20-21 age group.IG (ops) SN Pradhan said security agencies operating in the state had definite information that there were currently no less than 10-15 such Maoist squads commanded by teenagers. \"The vacuum has been created following continuous operations by security forces in the state and arrest of top rebel leaders from squad leaders to central committee members,\" said Pradhan. Some of the top Maoist leaders who are currently in jails include Pramod Mishra, Rama Krishna, Narayan Sanyal, Akhilesh Yadav , Pramod Kumar and Pradeep.\"Our efforts are to further put pressure on the Maoists and make them leaderless so that they are not left with people who can allure children, especially girls, to their fold. In the last few years the Maoists have been recruiting teenagers and our effort will be to arrest those people who are behind the recruitment drive. We expect that in the near future the rebels will not be able to allure children to their fold,\" said an optimistic Pradhan.On the other hand, the Jharkhand police has been getting good response in its effort to gather information about Maoists by placing advertisement in newspapers. On an average, the state police is getting 10 phone calls per day where people are ready to help them in arresting wanted Maoists.The callers have been asking police about the modalities of payment and protection they can get from security agencies after they help in arresting a rebel. State police officials expect that this will further harm the rebel organization and leave a leadership vacuum among the Maoist squads.\"A few days back we had placed advertisement in newspapers seeking cooperation from people to arrest Maoists. The response has been very encouraging. We are explaining to the callers how they can get the reward money and police protection for themselves and family members if they help police in arresting the rebels,\" Pradhan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14310218", "title": "Companies demand decontrol of sugar prices", "text": "PUNE: Removing sugar from the list of essential commodities and purchasing levy sugar from the open market were the two major demands of sugar factories from Maharashtra as their representatives met the C Rangarajan committee, which is looking into the proposal to decontrol sugar prices in the country.Unlike Maharashtra, other sugar producing states have factories owned by private enterprises. A majority of sugar factories in Maharashtra are cooperative in nature with a host of other cooperative institutions like dairies and credit societies.Jayprakash Dandegaonkar, vice-president of Maharashtra State Federation of Cooperative Sugar Factories Ltd made a representation before the C Rangarajan committee, which is on a state-wide tour meeting officials and industry representatives on the proposal to decontrol sugar prices in the country.The committee will submit its observations and suggestions to the Union government.Sugar factories in the state also pressed for changing the levy pattern. Dandegaonkar said, \"The government asks sugar factories to store sugar in godowns as levy sugar which is then sold at subsidized rates through ration shops. The government provides some funds to factory owners against this stock but there is no consistency in payment. Factories find it non-feasible as the subsidy is disbursed as per the availability of funds. Buying sugar from the open market is a solution to this problem. It would give sugar factories instant money and they can make payments to farmers and meet other expenses.\"Dandegaonkar said that in the last few years, production in the country has gone up and sugar is in excess. \"In such a scenario there is no need to control prices.\" As per the state government's report, annual turnover of the sugar sector in the state is Rs 20,000 crore. The state produced 90 lakh tonne sugar in the last season. It also generates temporary employment for some eight lakh people from November to May every year, who are mainly into harvesting.Besides, sugar factory owners want ethanol blending in petrol to be increased to 10% instead of the current limit of 5% doping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14310412", "title": "No takers for niche science courses in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Around a decade ago, niche courses in science were all the rage in the state. Not any more. Undergraduate courses in fields like biochemistry, microbiology or bioinformatics are finding no takers with applications declining to single digits.Many students cite the time taken for the course (While a basic science course is three years, a niche course would take at least five years) and the pressure of finding a job as the reasons for the lack of interest.Science students fresh out of school, who felt that professional courses were beyond their means, grabbed the opportunity to study anything other than the basic sciences. \"Microbiology sounded like music when compared to BSc botany or zoology,\" said Sophia Chandran, who passed out of school in 2000.Only after signing up for the course did Sophia realize that she had to continue her education for at least five years to be a successful microbiologist.\"When my parents understood this fact they couldn't wait to get me married off because they felt that I would become too old by the time I completed my studies. But it was a fun course for somebody who liked biology,\" said Sophia.Colleges say they receive applications only in single digits for these courses. Academics cited pressure to get a job as the predominant reason for such courses going out of fashion. College heads said with only a few students having the inclination and patience to pursue research, a basic science course made more sense for those wanting a short cut to a job.\"Most students want to start earning soon after they graduate or at least see their career shaping up so they relate education to the job market. When they find that they are not readily employable, they feel that it's not the right choice,\" said M K Malathi, principal of Guru Shree Shantivijai Jain College for Women.University of Madras vicechancellor G Thiruvasagam said colleges were receiving applications in single digits for these courses and their resources were being drained unnecessarily because they had to maintain facilities for these courses that were being taken up only by applicants who did not have enough marks to get into their first choice of course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14310605", "title": "Four kg silver stolen from Trichy shop", "text": "TRICHY: Unidentified thieves broke into a jewellery shop in the wee hours of Wednesday and burgled four kg of silver ornaments in Kattur, Trichy on the Thanjavur - Trichy highway.Thirumurugan (42), the proprietor of the shop in Kailash Nagar, Kattur shut his shop at around 2am on Wednesday and returned home.When he reopened the shop at 9am, he was shocked to see the shutter broke open. Police said the thieves had entered the shop and decamped with four kg of silver ornaments worth Rs 2.5 lakh, which were in the display case. The thieves executed their plan cleverly by disconnecting the wires of the security alarm as soon as they entered the shop. However, they failed to break open the locker in which more than 65 sovereigns of gold worth Rs 15 lakh were kept.On information, Thiruverumbur police rushed to the spot and took samples of the fingerprints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14308741", "title": "Civic body in dock for jaundice deaths", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after chief minister Prithviraj Chavan visited Ichalkaranji, where 29 persons have succumbed to jaundice, the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) on Wednesday initiated criminal proceedings against the Ichalkaranji municipal council officials for blatant violation of the Environment Protection Act and Water (prevention and control of pollution), Act.MPCB found that a major part of the township was receiving contaminated water and despite several warnings, no stringent measures were taken to prevent pollution of drinking water. So, the MPCB invoked the provisions of the Environment Protection Act and Water Act. The MPCB has accused the Ichalkaranji municipal council chairperson Ratnaprabha Bhagwat, chief officer Nitin Desai and water supply engineer Manish Powar of dereliction of duty. If the charge is proved, then they will be sent to jail for a minimum one year, which can be extended upto six years. \"We are in the process of filing an FIR against toffice-bearers of the municipal council,'' a senior MPCB official said.When it was confirmed that the outbreak of jaundice was due to consumption of polluted water, the MPCB set up a team to study the causes of water pollution. It was observed that untreated sewage was discharged into a local river, which was main source of drinking water for the township. \"We found that there was leakage of sewage into the drinking water supply lines. As a result, most parts of the township was receiving highly contaminated water,'' the MPCB official said. He blamed officials not only from Ichalkaranji, but entire Kolhapur district for dereliction of duty at all levels. \"The Kolhapur district administration woke up only the township witnessed 29 deaths. No steps were taken to provide clean drinking water,'' he said.Further, the official said that in 2004, the MPCB had initiated criminal proceedings against the officials of the municipal council and the case is pending before the judicial magistrate. It was found that capacity of the sewage treatment plant is grossly inadequate. It can treat 20 million litres sewage per day, while sewage generated in the township is over 40 million litres. Under such circumstances, at least 20 million litres sewage is discharged into the local river without any treatment.While minister of state for home Satej Patil is the guardian minister of Kolhapur, Ichalkaranji is represented by BJP member Suresh Halwankar in the legislative assembly. Both did not respond to SMSs asking about on the situation in the township.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14308788", "title": "Holkar college: Students\u2019 union alleges flaws in list", "text": "INDORE: The first phase of the online admission to all the courses at the Government Holkar Science College is drawing flak from the student's union. Activists claimed large-scale irregularities in the list and staged protest on the college premises on Wednesday. University president Varsha Sharma, along with activists of Akhil Bhartiya Vidhyarthi Parishad (ABVP), criticized the department of higher education (DHE) for poor administration.On Tuesday, a large number of students had complained irregularities in the admission list of the DHE. The students alleged that their names were missing from the list and candidates with less percentage were included.The list was marred with discrepancies as it was not based on merit. On Wednesday, student activists staged protest and requested administration to investigate the flaws in the list and stop admission process immediately. \"There are numerous discrepancies in the list. Students with low percentage were given admission over students with higher percentage,\" said Manasvi Patidar of ABVP.The activists presented an example of a student who had 82 per cent in qualifying exam but could not secure a seat in the Holkar College but on the other hand a student with 62 per cent marks was allocated seat in the college. \"Both the students belong to unreserved category, so there's no question of giving weightage. It's a clear case of malpractice,\" said Patidar.Alleging irregularities,the ABVP activists burned all the lists and requested college administration to start the process afresh. Meanwhile, college has assured to resolve grievances of the students. Principal of the college R C Tugnawat said, \"We will solve all the issues related to admission in the college.\" When asked about giving admission to students having lower percentage, he clarified that the candidate belonged to handicapped category.Names of the candidates who have applied after June 10 will be announced in the second list which will be out soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "14308248", "title": "Lanco public hearing sans affected public", "text": "WARDHA: The public hearing on Wednesday by Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) to hear objections regarding Lanco Vidarbha Thermal Power Limited was held under the shadow of the police force. The event appeared to be stage-managed, with only families of those employed by the plant saying yes to the 1,320MW unit coming up at Mandwa in Wardha district, 90km from Nagpur.The hearing was held on the directions of the high court after the first hearing on September 17, 2010, ended in chaos and was challenged in court.\"This is an eye wash as 30% of the project has been completed. Work should be stopped till the Supreme Court decides the petition to cancel environment clearance filed by four affected farmers from Pulai. The public hearing should also be termed null and void,\" said Manoj Manwatkar, whose father Laxman is one of the petitioners.Interestingly, the hearing was conducted six months after the court order, that too in Wardha, from where the nearest projected affected village is 15km away while the farthest is 50km away. Most farmers are also busy with sowing operations and hence could not make it to the hearing.The hearing was scheduled at 11am, with over 100 people present at that time. However, the hearing started an hour late. Over 350 policemen were deployed at the spot, including 45 from Nagpur. The MPCB officials at the venue reluctantly accepted written objections from many participants from Nagpur.Wardha social worker Bhaskar Ithape alleged that MPCB and Lanco officials were hand in glove. Villagers had been taken in company vehicles to the MPCB office in Nagpur to submit written replies supporting the project. But many did not know what was written in the letter.Farmer UG Patil, whose six-acre farm is 2km away from the project, admitted he did not know what the letter said. \"I was asked to sign the letter by my son,\" Patil said.The crowd at the event too seemed to have been managed. Many youths had come from Wardha and said they were there on the invitation of some friends working at Lanco in Mandwa.The MPCB had received around 350 applications, most of them from villagers whose kin were employed by the company. So when their names were called, these persons supported the project. Many were employees themselves. Those who spoke did not even know the details of the issue being discussed.Gajanan Pachare, Shakuntala Nehare, Aparna Helonde, Gumpha Gawande, Dinkar Thakre, Kisna Bawne and several others said Lanco was fulfilling its corporate social responsibility (CSR) and hence they have no objections.AT Fulmali, regional officer of MPCB, denied any manipulation. \"Those who had submitted applications in writing and their names figured in the list were allowed to speak first. There was no discrimination, everyone was allowed to speak,\" he said.Fulmali said the rules said that one has to give objections in writing beforehand, but he had no answer when asked about the rule that hearing should be held near the project site. He only said the venue was fixed by the district collector.Several youths had come to the hearing with the hope that the project will bring employment. A graduate, Jaiprakash Isankar, said one of friends Pravin Kamble works as assistant storekeeper with Lanco. \"I feel the project will bring development and jobs,\" he said. Nitin Patil, Kamlesh Shivne and Suryakant Ugle echoed his views.The Rs 6,936 crore Lanco project requires 1,195 acre land and 3,858 cubic meter water per hour from the Lower Wardha Dam project. It will burn 7.5 million tonnes (MT) coal every year.Dr Vibha Gupta, chairperson of Magan Sangrahalaya Samiti (MSS), Wardha, said temperatures of Wardha have already crossed 47 degrees. Power units would mean disaster. \"These units are taking away our land and water, and in return giving us ash. Lanco will take away a lot of water, even as Wardha residents get drinking water every alternate day. The unit will also pollute rivers supplying water to Wardha,\" Gupta said.Many farmers criticized the company officials for making fake promises. Sandeep Pakhide said Lanco was to plant 1.75 lakh trees in four years but it has planted not more than a 1,000 trees. Also, most of the saplings have died. He wanted the plant to use the best technology to curb pollution.SM Mahajan, project head, was non-committal but said environment pollution would be checked with super critical technology and plantation over 290 acre land.Power sector expert Sudhir Paliwal said Lanco is making tall claims about benefiting several villages, but there are 84 villages in the 10-12km radius around the plant. \"What about the welfare of these villages?\" he asked.Some farmers like Subhash Shinde said the plant has increased man-animal conflict. As a compound wall is being constructed around the plant, wild animals like boar and nilgais are entering farms and destroying crops. \"But the Environment Impact Assessment (EIA) claims there are no wild animals in a radius of 10km around the plant,\" said Shinde.Vidarbha Environment Action Group (VEAG) leader Sudhir Paliwal said that since the work is in full swing the public hearing is a farce, and should be cancelledOrange farmer Vitthal Lokhande from Belgaon said the tall claims of the company were false. The solar lamps installed by it are not working, nor has any green belt been developed as claimed, he pointed out. Farmers' land was acquired with the help of touts, thus depriving farmers of a good price. Now, the powerful lights from the plants will damage the crop, feared Lokhande.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14311400", "title": "Return ticket to moon for \u00a3100 million?", "text": "LONDON: Wish to travel to the Moon ? Shell out \u00a3100 million. A British firm has unveiled plans to send passengers into lunar orbit for a \u00a3100-million fare. The first voyages \u2014 aboard Russian shuttles once used to spy on West \u2014 could launch in 2015, Isle of Manbased Excalibur Almaz said.Until now space tourists have travelled only to the International Space Station and back. According to The Sun tabloid, Excalibur has bought and recycled four re-entry capsules and two space stations from Russian firm NPO Mashinostroyenia.Art Dula, founder and chief executive of Isle of Man-based Excalibur Almaz, told a space tourism meeting in London, \"We're ready to sell the tickets.\"Customers will first dock with one of the space stations in low-Earth orbit. From there they will be blasted into the Moon's orbit, taking them roughly 376 586.5km from home.The flights, which could last eight months, will then continue into space, taking them further from Earth than achieved before. Four re-entry capsules, or re-usable return vehicles (RRVs), will ferry three people at a time to the orbiting space station and return them to earth. The firm on Tuesday drew crowds by displaying one of its vessels in Westminster, London.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "14311677", "title": "KS Eshwarappa stands by his saffronisation remark", "text": "SHIMOGA: State BJP president KS Eshwarappa has defended his statement on adopting saffronisation programme. He said at a function to mark the inauguration of certain developmental activities in Shimoga on Wednesday that he will stand by his statement.Eshwarappa said he was ready to face any challenge and was ready to go to jail if need arises.He further said that 'saffronisation' is not 'Hindutva' and that it should be viewed in a larger perspective. Including it in textbooks to teach young mind is not a sin but essential, said Eshwarappa.Reacting to the growing dissidence in the party, Eshwarappa said the party high command will take a suitable decision and that they would stand by it. He added that there is no need to attach much importance to the activities of a few members of his party who have expressed certain opinion.Eshwarappa said planting trees, manuring and watering them are also a part of our culture and tradition. He supported the views expressed by secondary education minister Kageri in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14311272", "title": "To reclaim city\u2019s lost footpaths, citizens out on \u2018walking project\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: As the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development was being inaugurated in Rio de Janeirio, six citizens' groups from across the city came together to launch a 'Walking Project' for Mumbai. The project is their way of creating sustainable development for the city.\"Good pavements mean people will walk on the footpaths and not on the roads. This will reduce congestion by as much as 35%,\" said Rajesh Kumar of the National Environmental Engineering Research Institute.Kumar said bad footpaths mean people have no option but to walk on roads and this slows down traffic, increasing dust and noise pollution directly affecting physical and mental well-being . \"Instead of creating wider and wider roads, the civic body and the state government must focus on creating wider footpaths to ensure pedestrians walk without hindrances , accommodate hawkers , utilities and trees. We need pavements for the health and safety of citizens,\" he said.While the Lady Jamshetji Road at Mahim has perfect pavements, on the Andheri-Kurla road, people prefer to walk on the road as the pavements are a nightmare. \"If it can be done in one part of the city, it can certainly be done all over,\" said Rishi Agarwal, member of the Mumbai Environmental Social Network.To ensure this happens, the groups have set up a websitewalkingproject .org\u2014from where residents can download a form to audit pavements' condition in their neighbourhood.\"They can take pictures of the pavement, upload both on our website and also forward them to the local ward officer and corporator,\" said Agarwal, adding that by August they plan to compile all the data, along with the cost of constructing a good pavement visa-vis money spent on making roads and also prepare a pavement manual for the BMC.The group plans to hold walkshops to create awareness on benefits of good pavements and train residents to audit footpaths. \"We shall list the best and worst wards in terms of pavements and all this will be presented to the mayor and the municipal commissioner at the conference,'' he said.Sudhir Badami, member of the erstwhile road monitoring committee of the Bombay high court said 44% of people in the city walk daily.The immediate aim is to ensure that people stop hiring vehicles for short trips to the railway station and local market . \"If we shave off 1,000 km of such trips, we will certainly reduce the pollution level in the city. But for this to happen we have to provide good pavements ,\" said Agarwal.Vikas Gilani of the No to CO2 Foundation said if a person were to walk a kilometre every week it would reduce carbon dioxide by 250 kg, equivalent to planting a tree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14310665", "title": "Two shooters arrested in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Special Operation Group (SOG) on Wednesday arrested two sharp-shooters near Govindpur Mazar trisection.The arrested sharp shooters, carrying cash rewards on their head, were wanted in connection with over a dozen criminal cases. The SOG also seized two 0.315 bore country made pistol, five live cartridges and a stolen motorcycle from their possession.The arrested persons were identified as Vinod Pasi alias Gadau Pasi and Rajnikant Bharti alias Bachcha, residents of Dhoomanganj and Shivkuti respectively.During interrogation, the duo confessed they had plotted to eliminate two of their rivals at Dhoomanganj. They also added that two Katra based criminals had assured them to assist them in the crime.Police added that Gadau Pasi was carrying a reward of Rs 5,000 on his head and was wanted by Civil Lines police in connection with a dacoity case.Rajnikant was wanted in connection with 10 criminal cases and was wanted by Colonelganj and Georgetown police. Police said the duo worked for a gangster who is currently lodged at Naini central jail.Two held: District police on Wednesday arrested two zehar khurans in Kydganj. Station Officer, Kydganj, Vinod Kumar Yadav said the arrested persons were idenfied as Nankoo, a tempo driver, and his accomplice Gattu, residents of Ghoorpur. The duo confessed having looted over three dozen passengers.The police recovered a tempo, toxic power, looted articles and some sedatives from their possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14310676", "title": "Rs 117-crore garbage plan gets approval", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC)'s standing committee has approved a Rs 117-crore garbage collection proposal for civic wards in despite opposition from several corporators.Earlier, the same proposal for garbage collection in Ghatkopar, Bhandup and Mulund was rejected by the standing committee thrice.Pravin Chheda, Congress corporator from N ward, said: \"None of the compactors that we have purchased can automatically lift the garbage as the bins are either not compatible or are damaged. Besides, there should be greater emphasis on developing infrastructure at the dumping grounds.\"While some blamed the administration for introducing such proposals at the last minute, Asif Zakaria, Congress corporator from Bandra, said: \"How can we have a proper discussion when we do not have any time for the same? At the same time, if we do not approve the proposals, citizens will suffer.\"Meanwhile, MLC Charan Singh Sapra wrote to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, demanding a CID inquiry into the awarding of contracts worth Rs 970 crore for the entire garbage collection plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14310556", "title": "Tuticorin farmers block road to protest water shortage", "text": "MADURAI: Farmers in Srivaikuntam in Tuticorin district staged a road roko demanding that water be released to the Srivaikuntam dam with immediate effect, to save their paddy crops spread over an area of 1661 acres.The farmers, led by their respective panchayat presidents blocked the road between Tirunelveli and Tiruchendur, in front of the PWD office in Pudukudi demanding that water be released for irrigation as assured by the government. Appadurai, the panchayat president of Keelpadagai, Ambaturai said that they had started cultivation of the first crop in an area of 1661 acres, following the government's assurance on April 1, that water would be given for irrigation this year.The Srivaikuntam dam was one that had copious water storage even during the hottest summer, but 20 MGD of water was drawn through the northern channel from the dam for industries, thermal power plants and drinking purpose, but now an additional 20 MGD was being sucked through giant borewells on the channel bed, resulting in the water drying up in the dam and not being given to the crops.\"Most of the crops have started withering and it is the crucial period when the paddy starts appearing and the crops need water at any cost,\" he said. Over 200 farmers blocked the road with their families - with some women even bringing the withered paddy crops with them. Traffic was affected for about half-an-hour due to the protest. Later, officials from the agriculture and public works departments held talks with them and pacified them.Sources said that water was being drawn from the Papanasam and Manimutharu dams in Tirunelveli and that it had started reaching the Maruthur dam, from where water had to reach the Srivaikuntam dam. However, over 40 drinking water wells, which lay in between the two dams were affecting the water coming to the Srivaikuntam dam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14308390", "title": "Fly over Panvel city from today, save 30 minutes", "text": "MUMBAI: For more than two lakh weekend tourists who use the old Pune highway to visit Konkan, Goa and Pune, Thursday will bring a much-needed relief. The new 1.5km flyover over Panvel city is set to cut down their travel time by 30 minutes.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan will throw open the flyover on Thursday at 11pm at a ceremony to be attended by bigwigs from Panvel, Raigad and Navi Mumbai.The flyover starts from near Simran Motors opposite Garden Hotel and ends towards Panchmukhi Hanuman temple beyond Vishrali Naka. \"It will save half-a-litre fuel and reduce vehicles' operating costs. People from within the city too can use the flyover as it has two arms,\" said MSRDC chief engineer Subhash Nage, who has monitored the construction.The flyover will ease traffic on the 2.5km stretch of the old national highway no. 4, which passes through Panvel city. Panvel bus stand and presence of three busy junctions along the stretch have been making the section congested, especially during peak hours. The road has now been widened and the flyover runs over all the three junctions. With this development, the main road of Panvel city will get 14 lanes-four lanes of the new flyover, two lanes each of the two separate arms, and a six-lane wide road below.The Rs 155-crore flyover has been funded by Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) and built by Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) with help of JMC Projects and CES.Started in August 2009, the flyover construction was completed in June 2012.The structure of the flyover from below resembles with that of the J J flylover.\"The flyover will also save half-a-liter's fuel and reduce operating cost of vehicles. Since it has two arms, people from within the city will also be able to use it though it will largely benefit direct traffic between Mumbai and Goa or Pune,\" said MSRDC Chief Engineer Subhash Nage who monitored the construction.Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan will throw open the flyover on Thursday at 11 pm at an inaugural ceremony to be attended by bigwigs from Panvel, Raigad and Navi Mumbai. Flyover starts from near Simran Motors opposite Garden Hotel and ends towards Panchmukhi Hanuman temple beyond Vishrali Naka.The objective of the project was also to ease traffic congestion on the road below by widening it besides building flyover across all the junctions of the highway stretch. With this development the main road of Panvel city will get 16 lanes for the traffic --- four lanes of the new flyover, two lanes each of the two separate arms, and six-lane wide road below.The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) has funded the Rs 155 crore flyover which has been built by Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) with the help of the JMC Projects and the CES.The construction work started for the flyover in August 2009 and completed in June 2012. The structure of the flyover from below resembles with that of the J J flylover.As the road is just two-lane wide towards the temple, with one lane each on both the sides. Whereas theflyover is of four lane and the road below it is now six-lane wide.Is it really an end to jams?Transport experts have predicted frequent traffic jams towards the Panchmukhi Hanuman temple end of the flyover. \"If in near future the road towards temple, up to Palaspe junction, is not widened, frequent and longer jams are imminent thus taking away the 30 minutes saved by the flyover during peak hours,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14310005", "title": "Abused maids to get reunited with families in Jharkhand", "text": "NOIDA: The two maids, who had earlier been rescued from Noida residences after months of physical and mental abuse, are now going to be reunited with their families in Jharkhand. Police said that both girls were rescued within a period of three days. The first girl, aged 12, had been employed as a domestic help in Sector 44. \"The girl was employed by a couple, Shilpa and Jagdeep Relan. When we rescued the girl, her body was riddled with injuries,\" said police. The second girl (19) had been allegedly abused by her software engineer employer for over a year. The CWC said that the 12-year-old girl will be traveling with officers of the UP and Jharkhand police alongside and a medical official on June 21. \"We are attempting to ensure that both girls travel together, but legal formalities of the 19-year-old must be completed first,\" said Praveen Saksena, inspecting officer of the case. Both girls are from Gumla district in Jharkhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14310562", "title": "CM's warning to Chennai councillors resonates in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Chief minister J Jayalalithaa's warning that she would not hesitate to dissolve the Chennai corporation council if the councillors failed to mend their alleged corrupt ways has indeed come as a shocker to the corporators in the state capital.In Madurai too, the warning reverberated in the political circles and was the buzz among the AIADMK men right from Wednesday morning. Jayalalithaa's ultimatum was received with reactions ranging from hushed whispers to closed-door meetings by the AIADMK men in the temple city.\"We know Amma's ways. Such warnings are usual for us, as Amma makes it a point to desist from corruption at every opportunity. But the manner in which she summoned all the councillors in Chennai corporation and gave the warning was quite surprising and shocking for us,\" said an AIADMK councillor in Madurai.Mayor V V Rajan Chellappa maintained that there was absolutely no corruption in the Madurai corporation, but for his part ensured that the message of Jayalalithaa had reached all the councillors. \"We are very serious about tackling corruption. We are working to make Madurai, a model city. Corruption will not be tolerated,\" he said, echoing Jayalalithaa.But the mention of Jayalalithaa about intelligence reports on corruption that formed the based of her warning, has caught the councillors unaware, especially at a time when the opposition DMK is waiting for an opportunity to strike at AIADMK in the council.\"The Madurai AIADMK councillors are no better than Chennai AIADMK men. The bungling in tax levied for an industrial house is just one example,\" said a DMK councillor.Madurai south MLA R Annadurai had sent a petition to the chief minister's cell alleging that Rs 24 crore property tax was waived for an industrial house by the corporation.\"A DMK zonal chairman had also attempted to insert resolutions clandestinely that gave approval to building plans and layouts without the authorisation of the authorities,\" said a DMK councillor. Corporation commissioner R Nandhagopal has cancelled the resolutions and has ordered for an inquiry.But AIADMK councillors brush aside these allegations. \"DMK men have nothing much to complain about the council and hence resort to these baseless allegations. Almost all the DMK men have corruption cases pending against them whereas our party is having a clean record,\" said an AIADMK councillor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14310733", "title": "\u2018Political links helped Mundes\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: It was an embarrassment for home minister R R Patil when law-enforcement agencies failed to nab the doctor couple, Sudam and Saraswati Munde, which was involved in running an illegal abortion centre and was allegedly responsible for more than 100 cases of female feticide in Marathwada. Beed police arrested the Mundes after they surrendered on their own on Sunday.\"We feel that the doctor couple is politically well connected and has political patronage. As a result, Beed police were unable to arrest them,\" a senior home official told TOI.A day after Beed police registered a case of medical negligence against the couple on May 19, the couple fled from their hometown Parli and went absconding. Patil claimed that the Beed police would nab them and a price of Rs 40,000 was offered for information about the couple. Aurangabad range inspector-general of police Ritesh Kumar and Beed superintendent of police Dattatray Mandlik said several teams had been set up to locate the couple.The senior home official said that during the last 26 days the Mundes travelled across six states, used 40 SIM cards and 19 handsets to mislead the police. \"They were in touch with relatives in Parli and Beed, but our sleuths were unable to trace the relatives. We feel that the case was ineptly handled,\" he said.A senior IPS officer said, \"It appears that there was a deliberate attempt to shield the doctor couple. Now that they have surrendered, the home minister must set up a committee to fix responsibility for dereliction of duty,'' he said. The IPS official also said that the couple had been earlier arrested for illegal termination of pregnancy. \"But their illegal trade still flourished, as higher authorities and politicians were soft on them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14311297", "title": "\u2018Pure food\u2019 for astronauts stirs row in China", "text": "BEIJING: China's efforts to provide food of the purest quality to astronauts through four years of training has raised questions about the quality of food consumed by the common people. The government is battling questions about whether it has no faith in the quality of food in the market. The controversy erupted following reports about specially designed farms supplying quality vegetables, meat and fish to astronauts who went into the orbit aboard the spacecraft Shenzhou 9 on June 16.A report in Beijing News triggered the controversy. The report said astronauts were fed eggs of wild birds that were not kept in cages. Milk and beef came from 'high-spirited' cows with 'sleek, glossy hair' that are allowed to roam across a vast farm instead of the usual practice of keeping them in crowded sheds. The fish came from a closely guarded pond, where artificial fish feed is never used, the daily reported. Handrowed boats are used for fishing instead of motorized boats that contaminate the water.\"The authorities say they attach great importance to food safety for the public, and that all food meet standards and are not harmful to health. Then why can't astronauts eat these food?\" said a subscriber to tencent.com. Hu Xijin, editor of the State-run Global Times , is angry with the public criticism of certain aspects of the space vehicle launch.\"If you are happy for the successful launch of Shenzhou 9, you are a normal Chinese person. But if it has made you unhappy, or even angry, my advice to you is to get your heads checked. Because you're probably very special, often depressed, and seldom happy,\" Hu wrote in his blog.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14315942", "title": "Six new AIIMS will give fillip to medical research: Ghulam Nabi Azad", "text": "JAIPUR: Admitting that inadequate number of doctors has affected medical research in the country, Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on Wednesday expressed hope that the sector would get a fillip with the coming up of six new AIIMS from next year.\"Six new AIIMS in the country will start functioning by April next year in different states, including Jodhpur in Rajasthan. This will ease pressure on AIIMS Delhi and research work will get momentum,\" he said at a press conference here.Highlighting achievements of the UPA government, Azad said that the government has taken new initiatives and launched several flagship schemes and programmes in different fields, including the health sector.\"The number of doctors and nursing staff is inadequate in the country but the government amended rules two years back to change the scenario and improve situation in medical education. Forty-six new medical colleges came up in the country...seats in MBBS and PG courses were increased considerably,\" he said.UPA's flagship schemes like National Rural Health Mission, Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme have benefited people in the country at large, he said.\"We are concerned about the diseases like cancer, diabetes and heart attack which will be high in next 18 years. We started a pilot project in 100 districts of the country for screening these diseases,\" he said.\"The UPA government took several initiatives in different sectors including social security and impact of these will come before people after 8-10 years,\" Azad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "14313734", "title": "PCB approves deficit budget at General Body meeting", "text": "KARACHI: The Pakistan Cricket Board, at its Annual General Body meeting, has approved a deficit budget of Rs 700 million and introduced stringent new regulations to govern the domestic circuit.The General Body meeting, held for the first time in Naudero the hometown of the Bhutto family including slain former Prime Ministers Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto and Benazir Bhutto , approved the deficit budget without much fuss.\"Last year contrary to popular belief we had a deficit budget of around Rs one billion so this year the finances of the board have seen a big improvement,\" a member who attended the meeting said.Not surprisingly, major portion of the approved budget will be spent on organising Pakistan's \"home\" series abroad because of international teams' refusal to tour the country due to of security concerns.Other major expenses include administration and infrastructure development.Interestingly, at a time when no foreign teams are visiting Pakistan the board is spending and will spend more on constructing new stadiums in Garhi Khuda Baksh in Naudero and Islamabad.\"The progress of work at Garhi Khuda Baksh Stadium was discussed in detail. BOG members showed their concern on the poor workmanship and delay in construction so far,\" a member said.The member also said that in order to bring about the discipline in domestic cricket, it will be brought under the umbrella of PCB, keeping it in line with the ICC requirements, and to tackle the issues like corruption, anti-doping, schedule of matches and fitness of players.\"These rules will be applicable immediately. Under these rules every private party interested in holding a cricket event/tournament on domestic level will need NOC from PCB. Without the NOC, no PCB registered player will be able to participate in that particular tournament.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14309213", "title": "Designer captures spirit of India in pavilions", "text": "BANGALORE: Accoutred in its rustic majesty, Bangalore Palace now hosts a mela of jewels. These gems, in reality, are pavilions themed around the priceless elements of India's natural riches - gold, silver, copper and gemstones. Breathing life into these installations, which masquerade as pavilions that bring alive the Indo-German Urban Mela 2011-2012 starting today, is German goldsmith, sculptor and ace designer Markus Heinsdorff. Infusing the spirit of India into these pavilions came with a lot of research and beyond the surface understanding of India's cultural heritage.\"You need years to study Indian culture, for there are so many ethnic elements within it. I took the help of a scientist to conduct my research and also read a bit. I realized that what I was reading was just like touching the surface of a country, which has layers and layers of history, heritage and culture within it,\" said Heinsdorff, as he watched over the people assembling his mobile ensemble of StadtRaume aka CitySpaces.Translating his understanding of India's abundance of riches, today pavilions in varied shapes stand in sync with the Urban Mela's theme of CitySpaces, in an endeavour to build a sustainable dream city of Bangalore. \"As a German designer, it was like walking a tightrope - there was the risk of falling off the wrong side. For, from what I understand India, it is not poor - it's very rich in its colours, culture, design, landscapes, population, aesthetics, literature - the list is endless,\" explained Heinsdorff.This richness was the artist's theme for India's dream. \"India is fashionable with its gold, silver, copper and gemstones and these pavilions are themed on them. Like archaeologists often unearth during their excavations, I realized that I needed to incorporate myriad layers into the design,\" said Heinsdorff.What emerged was a day view and night view. \"At night, these pavilions shine like gems, by day their intricate edges offer an interesting display of light and shadow,\" he said, turning the attention towards the culture pavilion, aglow in red and white outside.Dexterous, flamboyant, sustainable and sturdy all at once, the culture pavilion is reminiscent of a temple, with a floral motif turning into a dome, in turn opening into a skylight. \"These tents, made of steel wires and sustainable material, can be opened and folded like an umbrella. They are fire-resistant and can handle a flurry of humans running atop it, which the workers often do while setting them up,\" explained Heinsdorff, even as newer shapes unfolded and the jewels masqueraded as beehives, stark square layouts and floral melodrama dotting the majestic crown.It took a year to makeMarkus Heinsdorff took two weeks to design these pavilions themed on Germany and India 2011-2012: Infinite Opportunities. Thereafter, the pavilions were made in India, meticulously, over a period of one year.In 1997, Markus designed bamboo pavilions for Germany and China, themed Moving Ahead Together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14309748", "title": "Monsoon remains stranded in Bihar", "text": "LUCKNOW: Despite partly cloudy sky, the maximum temperature in the city soared to 42.5 degrees Celsius on Wednesday. What made things worse for people was the high humidity level which touched 73%. Another bad news was that the monsoon, which was moving rapidly towards UP, remained stalled on Wednesday over Bihar. The northern limit of monsoon was passing through Gaya, Patna and Raxol as it was on Tuesday. However, the state Met department is hopeful of its arrived in the next 48 hours.State Met director JP Gupta said that the conditions were favourable for further advancement of the current in east UP and the city by weekend. Regarding reports that tropical storm 'Talim' in South China Sea may take the steam out of monsoon and thereby affect its advancement and low rainfall, he said that possibilities of 'Talim' influencing monsoon as of now are low. The positive thing, he said, was that the upper air cyclonic circulation over the Bay of Bengal persisted. There was also an upper air cyclonic circulation over east UP, he added. The areas in UP bordering Bihar also received good amount of pre-monsoon rains on Wednesday.While Met officials appeared to be hopeful about advancement of monsoon, people in the city were keeping their fingers crossed. The reason: In 2010, the monsoon advancement was rapid in the first fortnight of June but lost steam before entering UP and arrived 20 days behind schedule. As a result, the state received rains in July. The cocktail of heat and humidity on Wednesday was similar to that people faced in 2010. The maximum temperature was six degrees above normal, which as per Met terminology qualifies the definition of 'heat wave condition.' The minimum temperature 28 degrees Celsius, a degree above normal.Not only Lucknow, central, southern and southeast parts of the state recorded above 40 degrees Celsius maximum temperature, whereas in east UP temperatures were normal. Banda was hottest with 44.4 degrees Celsius followed by Etawah with 43.8 degrees Celsius, Fatehgarh 43.8 degrees Celsius, Agra 43.7 degrees Celsius and Kanpur 43.2 degrees Celsius. These maximum temperatures were 4-6 degrees above normal. Varanasi recorded 45.8 mm rains. The Central Met department forecast stated that rains may break out over few places over east UP on Thursday or Friday but added that these may decrease thereafter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14310718", "title": "Jagannath fair raises business hope for stall owners", "text": "RANCHI: It's not only the devotees who are excited about the famous Jagannathpur Rath Yatra-cum-fair but a host of stall owners also eagerly wait for this auspicious 10-day event for whom it's a lifeline.\"I am a resident of Bihar and every year I put up my stall which consists of variety of items like beads, chains, bracelets to chains with pendent of lord Shiva and Ganesha. My profession is to put stalls in such fairs wherever it takes place. It's the Jagannathpur Rath Yatra fair, for which the worshippers come not only from across the state but from other states as well. Hence it's this fair for which I wait eagerly and start collecting items for my stall. It's been six years that I have started putting up my stall and this year also I expect a good business,\" said Raju, a stall owner.There are some who sell wooden fish baskets and whose lives depend totally on this fair. Mangri Devi was standing when the fish baskets were brought in a small vehicle to set up the stall.\"In this fair, I sell my items because I don't have many options. I sell it in the markets but there are not much takers. Here I get many customers who throng my stall in huge numbers. The big baskets sell for Rs 1,200 and smaller ones for Rs 100. I have both from small to big baskets to suit the demand of the customers.\"The sweet shops are a huge crowd-puller at the fete. \"It has been 20 years since I have been putting up my stall. I make 'balu shahi' sweet which last year did a business of seven quintals with Rs 80 per kg in six days. This year also I have the same target but hope it is more this time as the number of people visiting the fair has increased in the last few years,\" said Visheshwar Gome, who is from Purulia district, West Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14315879", "title": "Falaq Naaz in Pratigya?", "text": "Mohit Malik recently made his entry on Star Plus' Mann Kee Awaaz Pratigya as a character called Abhimanyu, who plays a lawyer on the show.As audiences are aware, Pratigya ( Pooja Gor) approaches Abhimanyu to fight her husband Krishna's ( Arhaan Behl ) case when the latter is falsely framed in a murder case. But Abhimanyu instead fights a case against Krishna when he realizes that he is Sajjan Singh's (Anupam Shyam) son.Now sources inform that there will be a new entrant on the show. Falaq Naaz who plays Tara on Sony TV's Dekha Ek Khwaab has been offered a role opposite Abhimanyu in Mann Kee Awaaz Pratigya . Her character will be called Shakun and she will play a typical village girl who is ignorant and unaware. Sources further inform that she has been roped in to play Mohit's wife on the show.When contacted, Falaq Naaz remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14310794", "title": "Karuna fumes over Lanka minister\u2019s \u2018massacre\u2019 remark", "text": "CHENNAI: DMK president M Karunanidhi on Wednesday strongly objected to the reported remarks of Sri Lankan minister Champika Ranawaka, who allegedly warned of another \"massacre\" of Tamils in the island nation. Karunadidhi, in a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , urged him to take up the issue with the Sri Lankan government and the United Nations.\"It has come to our notice that Sri Lankan cabinet minister Champika Ranawaka has warned of hundred more massacres. He said that one Mullivaikal (where thousands of Tamil civilians were allegedly killed in the final battle against the LTTE in 2009) was enough and that no one should try to get hundred more,\" Karunanidhi said.\"The remarks of the minister are highly provocative and therefore condemnable,\" he said, adding that the Tamils all over the world were perturbed. \"I therefore request you to kindly use your good offices to take up this matter with the Sri Lankan government with an advice to adopt a course of restraint and humanitarianism,\" he said.Karunanidhi said the UN may also be apprised of such harsh stance of the Sri Lankan government. PMK leader S Ramadoss too has urged the Centre to approach International Court of Justice on the remarks made by the minister.\"The Sri Lankan minister himself admits that there were ethnic killings in his nation. His remarks are a proof of that. Therefore, based on his statement, the Indian government should take steps to approach the International Court of Justice,\" he said.The Lankan power and energy minister Ramawala reportedly made the remarks while cautioning the island's Tamil population to avoid following the politics of the main Tamil parliamentary group. Ranawaka gave the warning during a news conference on June 8 in Colombo. According to reports, Ranawaka remarked, \"One Mullivaikkal is enough. Don't try to get 100 more\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "indore/bhopal", "code": "14309016", "title": "Monsoon stays away from Bhopal, Indore", "text": "INDORE/BHOPAL: Indore and Bhopal will have to wait for some more time for the monsoon. The delay in monsoon is ascribed to a slow movement of the low-pressure area developed over the Bay of Bengal. Jabalpur witnessed monsoon showers on Tuesday. A total of 22.2 mm of rain was recorded in Jabalpur till evening.The director of the Meteorological department, Bhopal circle, DP Dubey, said the monsoon could take two more days to reach the state capital.Indore may have to wait for four daysMeteorological department director DP Dubey said, \"The system, active over the Orissa coast, will witness some movement for the monsoon to reach Bhopal and other places. There could be a further delay of two days in monsoon hitting the state capital,\" he said, adding that Indore may have to wait for four days.The maximum and minimum temperatures in the four main cities ranged between 41.5 and 22.1 degrees Celsius.Bhopal recorded a maximum of 31.6 (-3) degrees against a minimum temperature of 25.6 (+1) degrees C. In Indore, the maximum temperature was recorded at 33.8 (-1) degrees and the minimum at 25.0 (+1) C.Gwalior recorded a maximum temperature of 41.5 (+1) degrees and the minimum stood at 30.8 (+2) degrees C. The maximum and minimum temperatures at Jabalpur were 36.1 (-1) and 22.1 (-4) degree Celsius respectively.The meteorological office says there is a possibility of rain or thundershowers at several places in the state, including Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14310792", "title": "Short spell of showers leads to water logging in many localities", "text": "VARANASI: A short spell of showers on Wednesday exposed the preparations of Varanasi Nagar Nigam, as most parts of the city faced water logging in the day. The showers also created slippery and muddy conditions especially in the areas where roads were dug to lay sewer and drainage pipelines.The conditions worsened in low lying areas especially Khojwan, Kolhua-Vinayaka, Veerdopur, Shivpurwa (Mahmoorganj), Nagwan, Samneghat, Gurubagh (Luxa) and Gadaulia, where even storm water drainage system could not sustain the brief spell of showers. Most of the areas witnessed water logging, making even the movement of vehicles difficult, long after the rains stopped.The start of Rathyatra Mela marking five-day festivities in Rathyatra area also witnessed congested traffic movement due to slippery conditions. The showers also hampered the preparations of the festivity, as number of stalls on Rathyatra-Gurubagh road were erected in the afternoon only after the showers stopped.The condition in other parts of the city especially Shivala-Sonarpura and Sunderpur-Kakarmatta roads was even worse, as slippery and muddy conditions were witnessed to restrict movement of vehicles. A number of trans-Varuna areas especially Pandeypur, Lalpur-Shivpur wore similar look, as the roads in these areas were dug to lay sewer pipelines.According to UN Tripathi, chief engineer, VNN, though the cleanliness of most of the drains and nullahs were completed, the intensity of the rain caused water logging especially in the low lying areas of the city. A significant part of the city has open drains and they are used for carrying waste water and during monsoon season they carry both wastewater and storm water putting more pressure on the sewerage network. If the intensity of showers is high, even an effective storm water drainage system could not withstand the pressure, he added on the occasion.It may be mentioned here that most of the open drains are unlined and contaminate the ground water owing to the porous nature of alluvium. These drains carry the grey water discharged from the settlements along their path and is also used as dumps for solid waste. The drains and nullahs of the city are chocking owing to the unregulated solid waste dumping by the citizens. The existing drain network cannot be used for water harvesting owing to the heavy siltation, quantum of grey water and solid waste in the drains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14311290", "title": "Goregaon fights for its walking space", "text": "MUMBAI: On Tuesday, a group in Goregaon (E) went along Aarey Road requesting shopkeepers not to extend their establishments onto the pavement . The turnaround has happened because residents are now demanding their pavement back and fighting for it.Six months ago, when the Goregaon Vikas Manch (GVM) was formed, members approached the NSS wing in nearby colleges, asking students to participate in improving their neighbourhood. \"One of the first tasks we decided to take up is improving the pavements along Aarey Road from the east side of Goregaon railway station up to the western express highway,\" said GVM convenor Jayant Vidwans.The students carried out a survey among 3,000 families. \"We have so far analyzed 1,000 forms and found that 10% of the residents have met with an accident\u2014be it ankle sprain, fracture or hit by vehicles. The victims have spent anywhere between Rs 500 and Rs 2 lakh on medical treatment but surprisingly none lodged a police complaint,\" said Vidwans.The residents submitted proof to the P-south ward officer and when nothing changed after three months, met the local ward officer. \"Still nothing happened. Last week we announced that we would walk in protest on June 24,\" said Chandrashekhar Khandekar, another member.The BMC launched a continuous drive for two days confiscating goods both from hawkers and shopkeepers, who had placed it on the pavement. They even cancelled licences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14310017", "title": "Realtors warned of illegal projects", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway authorities have issued a stern warning to all developers who have been carrying out construction activities without their approval. The authorities have made it clear through a public notice that if any violation is found, the lease of the project will be cancelled. A task force has been formed to check the realty projects. Senior officials of UP government said that carrying out construction activity without permission of the development authorities is violation of Section 2(d) of Uttar Pradesh Industrial Development Act. Noida Authority CEO, Sanjeev Saran, said, \"Even after clear directions to the developers, construction activities are being carrying out in the district. It has come to our notice that many developers have taken huge tracts of land and have been inviting investors even though their plans have not been approved.\" The task force formed by the authorities will randomly visit realty projects in the entire district to check if there are adhering to the norms. In some cases, the authorities have even issued notices. However, the developers have ignored them and have been carrying out their projects. \"The developers are not just ignoring orders of the three authorities but also of the high court by carrying out construction in Greater Noida,\" said a senior Authority official. Officials said that the order does not only implies to the developers, but also for the farmers who have been constructing houses by just passing the layout plan from the district panchayat or their village headman. \"Even farmers have carved out plots in their land illegally. The task force will update senior officials on a regular basis,\" a senior official added. When asked what action would be taken if anybody is found guilty, Saran said the authority will immediately demolish the structure and the lease of the project could also be cancelled. \"On several occasions, farmers halted construction work in Greater Noida and along Yamuna e-way and brought it to the notice of authorities,\" said farmer leader, Manvir Bhati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14307528", "title": "Overcast sky sets stage for Times Evening", "text": "KOLKATA: The morning drizzle and an overcast sky throughout the day brought down the temperature and made way for a on Sunday had made the weather perfect Sunday for the evening. It was all the better for the residents of Uniworld City in Rajarhat who sang, danced and participated in various games at the Times evening. Colliding with the monsoon's date with the city, residents of this housing complex in the northern fringes of the city rejoiced the Sunday evening soaking themselves in fun, games and a lot more.The Times of India went down to Uniworld City in Rajarhat with its Times Evening on Sunday.The people of the complex inmates came out in large numbers to be a part of the event.While the painting, cookery and made for each other contest was a huge hit, many jostled for space at the tambola. The ones who got lucky lucky ones went back home with prizes galore, while the others carried back a basket full of memories to cherish.Simran Biswas painted her way to the judges' heart and won the first prize. The young artist claimed the first prize in the paint your imagination contest.Krish Banerjee and Aseem Swarup Saha came too impressed the judges with their colourful creation to bag the second and third prizes respectively.While the children immersed in frolic, their moms and dads had a gala time at the made for each other contest. Gopi and Kavita Mor were adjudged the best couple. They were followed closely by Swagata and SK Banerjee and . The third slot prize went to Alok Das and Priti Patnaik who came second and third respectively.The master chef competition had celebrity chef Pradip Rozario going through a number of lipsmacking preparations stirred up by the participants. Priyanka Mallick bagged the first prize for her chicken pot-pie. Jhuma Haldar's chingri paturir peethe won the second prize, while Anshika Poddar came third for making an awesome chocolate cake.At the times tambola the first, seond and the third row went to Anshika Poddar, Priti Patnaik and Abhilasha Rathi respectively. The quick five round went to Manoj Rathi. The prize for full house also went to Anshika Poddar.The event was presented by Volkswagen in association with Club Mahindra, Colors and Aviva Life Insurance. Prizes were sponsored by IFB, Palki, Propello Innovations Pvt Ltd, Sun-Kwik, Manyavar, Rolex Opticals and Tangerine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "jind", "code": "14311494", "title": "Khaps to follow women sabha on female feticide", "text": "JIND: Inspired by first-ever women gram sabha in Bibipur village of Jind district held on Monday, now the khap leaders of Haryana have decided to intensify campaign against female feticide.The women gram sabha had decided to form committees to keep a track on pregnant women to stop it.\"This is a bold step taken by women and we would support the initiative whole-heartedly,\" said Om Prakash Mann, state head of khap mahasabha.\"We will visit villages to teach everyone to eradicate this social evil from the state,\" Mann added.Echoing similar sentiments, spokesperson of sarv jatiya khap panchayat, Sube Singh said, \"I have informed all the khap members to join the save girl campaign.\"\"Now, khap leaders will identify the villages, where most of the cases of female foeticide have come to light in the past few years. Then, we would focus on these villages to launch a campaign to improve the sex ratio,\" he added.Women activists have welcomed the initiative of khap panchayats. Rajbala Devi, who had attended the women gram sabha in Bibipur village, said, \"Being women, we have limitation to visit outside the village but khap leaders may visit more villages.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14307964", "title": "Unani hospital\u2019s out-patient block in ICU", "text": "HYDERABAD: While the Government Nizamia General Hospital's main building is set to be revamped in a month's time, its subsidiary structure that is used for out-patient services, surprisingly does not figure anywhere in the renovation plan. Plagued by massive leakages and currently in a dilapidated condition, the roof of the lime-mortar structure that has 800-1,200 patients availing services everyday may collapse anytime, say doctors from the hospital.Water has been leaking from the building's roof causing considerable damage to the structure for a while and some portions of the damaged roof are now collapsing due to water seepage. In fact, the ophthalmology department was shifted to another building last year for this reason.Currently, at least 40% of the 2,000 square yard structure has been rendered useless due to the leakages. Doctors said that on a rainy day, the one-storey structure has several inches of water accumulated and they have no choice but to carry on with the works.Each time it pours, patients and doctors are hugely inconvenienced. \"Due to the leakages, there is not enough space for the patients to sit many of whom are pregnant women,\" said a senior lady doctor. Aleem Uddin, a pharmacist at the hospital further said that if the debris fall on the medicines kept in the pharmacy, they become useless.Heritage activists say that though the structure was constructed after the main block became operational in 1938 it is still located in the heritage precinct and cannot be treated separately. \"It is part of the same structure and should be treated as one unit,\" said an activist. However, the structure has not been included in the renovation plan.Dr Rafi Ahmed, superintendent of the hospital revealed that about three years ago the hospital had sent a proposal to the central government to dismantle the existing structure and construct a three-storey building for OP services. However, it was annulled on the pretext that it was part of the heritage structure.\"But now, it was somehow not included in the refurbishment plan along with the main building. Last year we had intimated the commissioner, department of ayush, G D Aruna about the leakages and she had said that the department will write to the government. But after that we do not know what happened,\" said Dr Ahmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14310737", "title": "Rs 84 lakh for babu\u2019s poll drive sought in advance", "text": "MUMBAI: The ICAO election campaign plan of civil aviation secretary Nasim Zaidi, who will retire next month, has been a topic of much discussion among those privy to the development as post-retirement plans made by bureaucrats elicit great interest among Delhi's babus. While officials from the civil aviation ministry and the DGCA contend that it will be a matter of pride if Zaidi is elected to the post of ICAO president, others don't buy the rationale. \"There are several such posts in the UN and international agencies and we cannot afford to field retired bureaucrats for each and spend a fortune on their world-wide campaigns,'' said an MEA bureaucrat.\"The government had directed all ministries and departments to effect a mandatory 10% cut in non-plan expenditure for 2012/13 in a bid to contain its ballooning fiscal deficit. But Zaidi's poll campaign flies in the face of such fiscal measures,'' said an official.Zaidi, a 1976-batch UP cadre IAS officer, has been with the civil aviation ministry since 2003. He was the Representative of India (ROI) in ICAO from November 2005 to November 2008. The grand election campaign plan, a copy of which is with this paper, was prepared in May by aviation ministry officials in consultation with the Arun Mishra, the current Indian representative in ICAO.\"The first component consists of visits to the major regions of Asia Pacific, Russia and the Middle East, Europe, Latin America and the Caribbean , North America and Africa ,'' said the note prepared by Shubha Thakur, a director in the aviation ministry. It said that ROI Mishra has sent an approximate cost of the expenditure likely to be incurred. \"Aproximately $150,000 (about Rs 84L) will be required over and above the air tickets. It is proposed that the amount may be allocated to the ROI who may also be made the focal point for arranging the poll campaign. It is proposed that the ROI be empowered to withdraw the amount in advance and keep it in a new bank account for the purpose and that a monthly expenditure statement be required to be sent by the ROI to the ministry,'' the note said. The cost of air tickets\u2014which constitutes a major chunk of the campaign cost with the delegation flying first/business class to 36 cities\u2014han't been worked out yet.Zaidi, who was contacted for a quote on Tuesday, said since the query was about him, he was \"not in a position to comment''. Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh told TOI he was aware about Zaidi contesting the post, but did not know the details of the election campaign as it was being prepared by the ministry of external affairs. When told that it was his ministry that had prepared the plan, Singh said he hadn't seen the plan yet. \"I will check it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "14310570", "title": "Rough weather keeps fishers at home", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Fishermen in Rameswaram stayed away from sea for the second day on Wednesday due to rough and heavy winds with the speed ranging from 45 to 55 knots. About 1,000 mechanised boats from Rameswaram island, which should have ventured into the sea on Monday were stopped by the fisheries officials as they cancelled the tokens. The department had earlier announced that the tokens will be issued on Wednesday morning. But, as the sea suddenly receded 30 to 50 feet inward on Wednesday, the fishermen associations decided not to venture into the sea.B Jesuraja, secretary of Tamil Nadu Mechanised Boat Fishermen Association said that the sea had receded 30 to 50 feet on Wednesday and the wind speed was high indicating that the waves were intense in the mid-sea. \"Hence, we have intimated the fisheries department that we are keeping away from the sea,\" he said.Calling off a fishing day is an expensive affair for the fishermen and the boat owners, as it would incur them huge losses. The boat owners said that cancelling a fishing day will result in the loss of Rs 10 lakh profit for a day and affecting the regular turnover of Rs four to five crore due to fishing and other related transactions. However, the boat owners are not ready to take chances here as losing a boat will be a real trouble to them.\"Though a fishing boat costs around Rs 10 to 15 lakh, the insured amount for each boat is only about Rs 50,000, while the value of the RC book itself is above Rs one lakh. As no new boat registrations are made in Rameswaram at present, losing a boat in mid-sea will cost us dear,\" Jesuraja pointed out.\"In such a situation, selling of RC book is profitable than claiming insurance and many boat owners after losing their boats mid-sea have become daily workers in boats. Hence, we are not taking any chances,\" another boat owner mentioned. The boat owners urged the government to consider providing better compensation for the sunken boats, which will help them.Meanwhile, it was daily business for fishermen in Tuticorin district and Chinnamuttam fishing harbour in Kanyakumari district. About 250 boats from Tuticorin and 200 boats from Chinnamuttam ventured into the sea though heavy winds were prevalent in the region.\"Fishermen in Tuticorin are used to fishing in rough weathers and heavy winds mean more business for us. The winds during South West monsoon are not a problem for us, but we indeed keep away from the sea when there are heavy winds between November and January during the Northeast monsoon,\" says C Parthiban, president of Mechanised Boats Fishermen Association in Tuticorin.\"The sea was slightly rough with winds but it was not very alarming to keep away from the sea,\" said Sudhan, district secretary, Fishermen Association at Kanyakumari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14316095", "title": "Charlie Sheen blames antics on 'psychotic break'", "text": "Charlie Sheen spoke about his epic meltdown last year, bluntly calling it a \"psychotic break.\"Sheen lost his prized 'Two and a Half Men' gig for going on a booze- and hooker-fueled bender and then ripping his bosses when they asked him to tone it down.\"I started to unravel,\" the New York Post quoted Sheen as telling Playboy magazine.\"I finally just said things I had always been thinking. But in the middle of a psychotic break,\" he said.As he was partying and shooting his mouth off, Sheen said he never anticipated losing his job or becoming a national punch line for out-of-control behaviour.\"Yeah. It was surreal,\" Sheen, who is making his TV comeback on FX's 'Anger Management,' said.\"And it never occurred to me where this was going to end up or how it was going to be perceived,\" he added.With a year to look back, Sheen said he can laugh at it all, especially all the terms he coined for 2011 pop culture, such as \"winning,\" \"goddesses\" \"tiger blood\" and \"warlocks.\"\"It' so f-king stupid. I'm in a beef with a warlock society?\"You're kidding me, right? How do you go from making Oliver Stone movies to being in a feud with warlocks?\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14310656", "title": "Wait for digital TV gets longer, deadline now November", "text": "NEW DELHI: With only 25% of set top boxes placed in cable TV homes in four metro cities, the government on Wednesday was forced to postpone the deadline for digitization by four months to November 1, 2012. The I&B; ministry had mandated that cities of Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai and Mumbai switch to digital TV by June 30.The move could spell significant financial losses to broadcasters, multi-system operators and others who have invested in equipment and awareness campaigns and were expecting to begin digital operations by July. Digitization is expected to benefit the viewer with a wider choice of channels and better quality while bringing in transparency and accountability in the industry.The I&B; ministry said that it had decided to ``modify'' the June 30 deadline for a complete switch over to October 31 2012. A statement by the ministry said, ``All the TRAI regulations for digital addressable systems will come into effect from November 1, 2012.'' It said that the assessment of ground realities compelled the Ministry of I&B; to set a new deadline which would now be monitored more vigorously.The delay could be reflected in the ambitious switch-over to digital cable services in the entire country by December 2014. Elaborating on the reasons for the delay a ministry official said, \"Only one-fourth of TV viewing houses have access to set top boxes. There was also a delay by TRAI in introducing the tariff order that came in April instead of January.''There were also delays in signing interconnect agreements between cable operators and MSOs. Sources said that all MSOs were expected to put in place a consumer redressal system consisting of a complaint centre with toll free consumer care number, web based complaint monitoring system as well as appoint or designate one or more nodal officers and publish consumer's charter. This had not been done effectively.The ministry said, \"Both these orders of TRAI have not yet been substantially implemented.\" Officials pointed out that while Delhi and Mumbai were expected to be completely digitized by September, Chennai and Kolkata may take some more time.State governments including Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu had asked for an additional six months time to completely switchover, while West Bengal had not even indicated a timeframe. ``We have tried to give a reasonable time frame to all stakeholders but this should not be seen as a continuous process. All stakeholders have been asked to give a written commitment that will be closely monitored, '' a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14309943", "title": "Nitish Kumar's prime ministerial aspirations mere day dreaming: Congress leader", "text": "LUCKNOW: He may have arrived in Lucknow to pledge support to Congress' mayoral candidate, but former minister and spokesman of the All India Congress Committee Shakeel Ahmed did not stop short of raising a controversy by branding Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar's prime ministerial aspirations as little more than \"day dreams''.Responding to queries about the cracks in NDA over the choice of a \"secular'' PM, Ahmed said many leaders like Naveen Patnaik and J Jayalalithaa had spilt from the NDA in the past. \"There is no telling who may leave the alliance in the future as well,'' he said, while addressing a press conference in Lucknow. Ahmed also said that though several political parties had already welcomed Congress decision to field Pranab Mukherjee as its Presidential candidate, UPA was working hard to reach a consensus among all parties to push Mukherjee's candidature. Ahmed also said that the party was still examining the reasons for the election debacle in UP this year. Saying that his visit to the city was not related to this assessment, however, Ahmed said Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi had worked very hard in the state, because of which party's vote share in 2012 rose considerably, even though it could gain only four seats.Also pitching in to support Neeraj Bora, the party's mayor candidate, Ahmed said, \"Though Congress does not believe in playing partisan, it is true that is Congress candidate wins the mayor elections, it will be easier to implement the Central schemes related to urban development. In addition, the Centre-state interaction will also improve.'' The party's Kheri MP, Zafar Naqvi also said that without the Congress rule, Lucknow had turned from being a garden city to being a city filled with dirt. There was a need, he said, to bring about a revival for the state capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14308640", "title": "Development of colonies to start soon", "text": "JAIPUR: With the state government's approval for allotment of plots in Prithviraj Nagar, the work on the development of the colonies under the scheme is expected to start within a month.UDH minister Shanti Dhariwal said the area will be divided into sectors to ensure proper and uniform development.\"Four special teams will be constituted to be headed by Rajasthan Administrative Service (RAS) officers and each will have a dedicated staff to monitor the progress,\" he said.Formation of a special team is in progress which will decide on the developmental charges. \"One will be charged for water, electricity, road and sewerage facilities. For determining the rates, a committee of concerned head of the departments will be constituted which will submit its recommendations,\" the minister elaborated.Dhariwal said residents will be given allotment letter and on depositing the development fee, the lease deed will be handed over to them.The affected house owners too can be relieved as the state government is planning to rehabilitate them under the scheme.According to the officials, the recent draft prepared by the authorities had estimated the number to affected houses under the PRN scheme to be 2201. Nearly 480 houses in south and 1,721 houses in the north of Prithviraj Nagar will be affected. \"For developing roads and providing other amenities to the allotees, several houses will be affected. We are planning to allot houses to those affected under the same scheme,\" an official said.Under a previous plan, nearly 6000 houses were affected in order to provide various facilities to the residents. \"The width of the roads in the area was reduced so that not many houses are affected. The width of proposed 200 m road was reduced to 180 m,\" the official said.The state government had also allotted 5.13 hectare land for police academy which was falling under the PRN scheme. \"The proposal to allot the land for the academy has been cancelled to utilize it for developing the facilities in the area,\" he added.According to disposal of urban land rules 1974, commercial construction is not allowed in residential colonies, he claimed. However, the state has granted relaxation for commercial construction so as not ensure that minimum people are affected under this scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14309259", "title": "Bail pleas of Yeddyurappa, kin deferred by a day", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa, his two sons and son-in-law will have to wait for one more day to know the fate of their petitions seeking anticipatory bail in relation to a case registered by the CBI in the mining kickback case.Justice Subhash B Adi, who was scheduled to dictate orders on Wednesday afternoon, informed the counsel for CBI that he would not be doing so and it will be done on Thursday.Yeddyurappa and his family members moved the high court after the CBI court rejected their anticipatory bail petitions last Wednesday.The CBI registered an FIR against them after the Supreme Court on May 11 directed it to probe charges of granting undue favours to firms involved in illegal mining in lieu of donations to Prerana Trust, a charitable trust run by BSY's kin.CBI had contended that Rs 20 crore was transferred by Jindal Steel Works (JSW) to Prerana Educational and Social Trust, run by Yeddyurappa's sons. This money was subsequently transferred to Vivekananda Trust, of which Yeddyurappa is a trustee.The CBI is probing charges of conspiracy, cheating, corruption and violation of Karnataka Land (Restriction on Transfer) Act.Proceedings stayedIn a related development, a division bench headed by Justice N Kumar has stayed further proceedings in terms of the apex court's directive on petitions filed by Jindal Steel Works (JSW) and South West Mining company challenging the references in chapter 22 of the Lokayukta report on illegal mining. The CBI is probing the matter after the apex court had directed it to do so. The CBI has been directed to file a report by the SC on August 3.Hearing adjournedA division bench headed by the Chief Justice has adjourned to Monday the hearing on a suo motu PIL on juvenile justice. The bench said it's to enable the state to come out with a report on the implementation of Juvenile Justice Act in the state. During the hearing on Wednesday, the court was informed that some older boys are residing in juvenile homes and some juvenile offenders are languishing in jails and the authorities don't know what to do.On hearing this, the CJ asked the member secretary of Karnataka State Legal Services Authority to explore the possibilities for conducting a seminar for officials so as to educate them about the Juvenile Justice Act and its ambit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14307243", "title": "Cancer victim kills self in Walkeshwar", "text": "MUMBAI: A 59-year-old housewife suffering from cancer committed suicide by hanging herself from a ceiling fan in Walkeshwar on Wednesday afternoon.Sudha Kishore Mittal was found in the kitchen by daughter-in-law Simple. She is survived by two sons and her husband, who operates a farsan shop in Chira Bazar.The Malabar Hill police said she was treated for mouth cancer and was depressed. The police said though they have not found any suicide note, statements from family members indicate she was fed up of medicines and treatment.Simple said she did not see her mother-in-law for long, post-lunch, and hence checked out the kitchen. When Sudha failed to opened the door despite her repeatedly knocking, Simple called her father-in-law Kishore, who then sent his two sons home.One son entered the kitchen from the terrace and found his mother hanging from the fan. He took her to Elizabeth hospital, where doctors declared her dead. The police have registered an accidental death report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14310573", "title": "Delay in distribution of garbage bins irks public", "text": "RANCHI: Despite the fact that the Ranchi Municipal Corporation (RMC) had directed A2Z Waste Management Company to distribute garbage bins to every household last year, A2Z has failed to do so claiming that \"Neelkamal\" - the Gurgaon-based firm which manufactures the garbage bins - had not supplied them on time.When the dustbins finally arrived, only a few were distributed by A2Z while the others have been left to rot in the open. Of the four lakh dustbins bought by A2Z for distribution among Ranchi households, over two lakh are lying in the open at Naga Baba Khatal for more than a month. Sippi, a vegetable vendor, said, \"These bins are lying here for more than a month now. Instead of allowing them to rot, the authorities concerned should give at least one to every vendor so it will become convenient for us to throw rotten fruits and vegetables.\"Students staying at hostels and lodges here are also peeved by the fact that they are not being provided the dustbins. Manish, a student living at a lodge at Lalpur, said, \"We were really happy when it was announced that RMC will be distributing dustbins. So we did not buy one. It has been more than six months now and we still haven't got one. A large number of these are now lying unused.\"On his part, A2Z PRO Ashish Saurabh said, \"We need to coordinate with our supervisor in the ward and also with the ward councilor to distribute the dustbins in every ward. This is a time-taking process. We have already distributed two lakh dustbins and the rest will be distributed within 15 days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "14310555", "title": "Bharat Coking Coal Limited's failure to provide land annoys commissioner", "text": "DHANBAD: North Chhotanagpur division commissioner Nitin Madan Kulkarni on Wednesday regretted the non-cooperation of the Bharat Coking Coal Limited (BCCL) in execution of the Rs 298 crore Dhanbad water supply scheme linking the town with Damodar river.Kulkarni, who presided over a meeting of the officials on the water scheme, said the state government had requested the BCCL to give land for setting up 20 water towers but the company initially did not respond and later refused to make the land available.The commissioner asked the Dhanbad DC to acquire land for the purpose. He also asked officials to examine the pending cases against BCCL and observed there were reports the BCCL was keeping unaccounted explosives in its magazines at different places. Legal action should be taken against the company, Kukarni directed the district officials.The company had not renewed licenses for keeping explosives in its magazines, he said.The meeting was attended, among others, by the acting DC D P Lakra, deputy development commissioner Ratan Kumar Gupta and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "puri", "code": "14310962", "title": "Puri set to roll out Rath", "text": "PURI: The countdown is over with Puri all set to host the Rath Yatra on Thursday. The district administration has made elaborate arrangements for the annual car festival, which is expected to be attended by over 10 lakh pilgrims from India and abroad.The pulling of the three colourful chariots will start around 4 pm . The deities will traverse about 3 km on the Grand Road for their 9-day sojourn in Gundicha temple.The road where the three chariots will roll wore a bridal look on Wednesday. All buildings along the Grand Road have been painted with ivory colour to add a visual delight to the festival. Information kiosks have been set up at different places, including the bus stand and the railway station, for the convenience of visitors.Security has been beefed up for an incident-free Rath Yatra. As many as 107 platoons of police force, including anti-Maoist squads and quick reaction teams and two companies of rapid action force (RAF) have been mobilized to ensure law and order and regulate traffic in the town. \"Around 500 officers of the ranks of SP, ASP, DSP, inspector and sub-inspector besides some IPS officers would be deployed during Rath Yatra in Puri. Around 6,000 home guards will also be there,\" said SP (Puri) Anup Kumar Sahoo said.A number of high frequency CCTV cameras have been installed at vantage points along the Grand Road to keep a tab on suspicious characters. Sharp-shooters will also occupy major rooftops around the temple. Coastguard personnel would keep a strict vigil on the marine route of Puri. Nearly 200 lifeguards will man the 7-km sprawling beach to prevent drowning. Adequate security has been put in place at the Puri railway station. \"Woman constables will patrol in the train,\" a railway police officer said.Devotees can expect clement weather as meteorological experts have predicted mild drizzle on Thursday. \"We hope the sky will remain overcast tomorrow. But there will be more humidity,\" a weatherman said.A staggering Rs 2 crore has been spent on this year's Rath Yatra. According to sources, around Rs 40 lakh was spent on the making of chariots. \"Around Rs 15 lakh was spent to buy the coir ropes to pull the chariots, clothes for decoration of the cars and payment to workers, among other things,\" a temple official said.Sources said colourful cotton clothes were procured from Ahmedabad for Rs 2 lakh. This year, nearly Rs 40,000 was spent in beautifying the chariots with applique work of Pipili, sources said. At least 150 people, including carpenters and sculptors, were assigned the construction of chariots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14307492", "title": "Payyambalam beach walkway on the anvil", "text": "KANNUR: The plan to give the 8-km Payyambalam-Meenkunnu stretch a facelift by building a beach walkway is likely to become a reality soon with the pollution control board (PCB) agreeing in principle to the Rs 2.28 crore project.\"The project is expected to attract more tourists. It includes setting up toilets, playing space for kids and cafeterias,\" said K Bhaskaran, deputy director, Department of Tourism, Kannur.However, the PCB has put forward many conditions for clearing the project. Moreover, it could take off only after getting approval from the Centre for Earth Science Studies ( CESS), said Bhaskaran.Meanwhile, the plan for a permanent light-and-sound-show highlighting the history of the 506-year-old Fort St Angelo is yet to get the approval of the Archeological Survey of India (ASI), he added.Last December, tourism minister A P Anilkumar had said preparations for this show were in the final stage and that the work would soon start. \"Beach and backwaters are two factors that draw tourists, and we are exploring the possibilities of developing those in north Malabar,\" said Bhaskaran.As part of this, a tourist facilitation centre will soon be opened in Dharmasala near Parassinikkadavu. Once this is set up, the tourism department would explore the possibility of introducing boat service at Parassinikkadavu, he said.\"Pilgrim centers in the district are emerging as tourist destinations, and if we give some value addition, that would attract more people to such places,\" said Bhaskaran.However, what is worrying the tourism authorities is where in crowded Parassinikkadavu will they start the boat service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14307898", "title": "Right To Education free admissions: Top CBSE schools get mild response on Day 1", "text": "NAGPUR: It was a mixed bag on the first day of admissions under the Right To Education (RTE) Act as surprisingly, the top private CBSE schools received a poor response from applicants, whereas some state schools where education is already free are already oversubscribed.All eyes were on Centre Point and Bhavan's group of schools but their six branches together witnessed just 26 applicants on Wednesday. Of these, Bhavan's (Ashti) and Centre Point (Wardhaman Nagar) did not even have a single applicant visit the school. Same was the case with Modern group of schools whose all three branches did not have any parent or guardian coming for inquiry.Saraswati Vidyalaya received 30 applications for just 20 seats. Principal S Prabhuraman said, \"We are the only English medium school in the area and I am sure that is the reason we will get a lot of response. RTE is good but I have reservations about the implementation. We should have been informed at least six months earlier and all stakeholders should have been consulted.\"South Point School has also received 21 applications for the 33 seats available with them. The school's director Deaven Dasture said, \"I was expecting this kind of response since applicants had been inquiring for the last few days. It was heartening to see such a response for the free seats.\"For parents, getting the form was the easiest part. Submitting it is where the challenge lies. Raju Ingle, a parent at South Point School, said, \"We need to submit quite a few documents as part of the admission process. The distance certificate is mandatory and I have no idea how we are going to procure that through the Nagpur Municipal Corporation. We had inquired yesterday but NMC officials said they have not designated anyone yet for this task.\"Vijay Vasudevrao Umale reached Somalwar (Ramdaspeth) early to ensure that he got a form on time, but with hardly anyone there, he had no issues. \"I am here for the admission form for my six-year-old son Vedant and I was the first one to get it. I am very happy that my son will get to study in such a prestigious school.\"Not wanting to miss the bus, Mukesh Shrivas decided to try multiple schools. \"I just wanted to ensure that we do not miss out on the lottery at schools. I have already managed to get most of the documents required and am all set for the admission process,\" said Shrivas.Applicants who have filled up the form and have the required supporting documents can start the submission process immediately. Forms can be submitted till June 25. Every applicant will be given a RTE registration number which will be later used for the lottery if required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14309902", "title": "Presidential poll: CPM may abstain from voting", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CPM politburo will finalize its stand on the presidential polls on Thursday amid indications that the party is veering towards abstaining from the vote despite a strong pitch from the West Bengal unit of the party for a yes vote for Pranab Mukherjee .The Bengal unit has argued that the president's post is not an executive one as it is largely ceremonial and support for the government's nominee would not jeopardize the party's opposition to the Congress.It has also argued that Mukherjee's candidature may strike a chord among Bengalis and the party stands to gain by supporting the prospect of having the first-ever Bengali in Rashtrapati Bhawan, more so now that Trinamool Congress has decided to oppose his nomination.They also pointed out that the CPM had voted in favour of Congress nominees earlier - like in the case of Shankar Dayal Sharma and K R Narayanan.However, the Kerala unit of the party is opposed to supporting Mukherjee and they are getting support from some others. But the majority view on Wednesday appeared to be in favour of abstention.The CPM politburo meeting on Thursday will be followed by a meeting of the four Left parties where they will finalize their stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14308146", "title": "Engineer held with cocaine worth Rs 1 crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: A software engineer from Mumbai has been arrested for smuggling cocaine worth over Rs 1 crore, said crime branch officials. Cops said Murtaza (42), a resident of Mira Road in Mumbai, used to smuggle cocaine into the capital from Mumbai. \"We have arrested him with 15gm of cocaine worth more than Rs 1 crore in the international market. He had come to the city using an Air India flight and was going to deliver the cocaine at certain locations in south Delhi,'' said additional DCP (crime) Bhism Singh. Cops said to avoid being caught, Murtaza often used a Mumbai-Kolkata-Delhi air route to smuggle drugs into the city.Cops said he started smuggling drugs after a close relative Naved initiated him into the trade. \"The accused completed his engineering from Dubai and returned to Mumbai in 2006. He wanted to start his own business. However, when he found it difficult to meet ends, he took to drug smuggling,'' said a cop. He also supplied call girls from one Metro city to another depending on the demand,'' said the investigating officer.The crime branch had arrested 98 drug traffickers last year, eight of whom were women. 16 foreign nationals too were arrested. Last year, while 232gm of cocaine was seized, 43.65kg heroin, 76.9kg charas, 1871.4kg ganja, 110 kg opium and 74.5kg poppy straw was seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14308263", "title": "Government selective in land deal cancellations", "text": "HYDERABAD: The recent CBI investigations have led to hectic activity in the state's corridors of power. To save face, the government has recently issued a flurry of notices cancelling land allotments made to private projects that have failed to materialize, despite the lapse of deadline. It is, however, curiously sitting pretty on three allotments, made to Brahamani Infra Tech, Indu Tech Zone and Stargage Properties, that too violated similar norms. The companies were leased 250 acres each in the city's Hardware Park, near Shamshabad, in 2007.It turns out that a decision to cancel these allotments, considering that none of these projects have taken off till date, was taken by the Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC) early last year, much before the CBI started its scrutiny. Ever since, these files have been gathering dust in the Information Technology (IT) department, say sources. The reason for this unwarranted delay, however, is not known to many. When quizzed, APIIC bosses passed the buck on to the IT officials (the department has the final authority) who in turn threw the ball into the legal department's court. They even claimed that the file reached their office only three-four months back. \"Such decisions take time. We are in the process of seeking legal opinion from the advocate general and will take a final call only after that,\" said Sanjay Jaju, secretary, IT and communications department. He said that APIIC had forwarded the matter to the IT wing only recently.Reliable sources within the government who confirmed that the file was moved from APIIC to the IT department several months ago, however, alleged foul play and said the prolonged delay was rooted in the \"vested interests\" of government officials. \"When the conditions of an agreement are blatantly violated, there is no need for legal opinion at all. It is an open and shut case where the government can go ahead and cancel the allotment right away. It is perhaps buying time to see if the land can be 'legalised' again by fleecing the allottees,\" said highly-placed government sources. Citing the example of recent cancellations, which included Brahamani Steel (Kadapa) and Bayyaram Iron Ore Mines (Khammam), they pointed out how these decisions were taken in a jiffy.The Hardware Park allottees were leased this prime land at Rs 20 lakh per acre, five years ago, when the rate fixed by price fixation committee (PFC) was a high Rs 48.57 lakh per acre. The government claimed that these ventures would boost the state's IT sector. The projects, as per the agreement, were likely to take off within four years of allotment. \"Indu Tech had expansion plans of bringing international brands to the city to set shop on this land. There was much brouhaha over this project when first announced. It later died away,\" said a city realtor.In 2008, a report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) tabled in the state Assembly accused APIIC of dishing out undue benefits to these companies and stated that it had caused huge losses to the government coffers. As per the report, eight other companies apart from these three were 'gifted' land at throwaway rates that resulted in a total loss of Rs 304.52 crore for the state.\"We have served the companies notices and written to the IT department too. There is nothing we can do about it now,\" said K Dharma Reddy, executive director, APIIC. While Reddy initially admitted that the matter was posted to the IT wing a year ago, he later tweaked his version. \"There was some additional information that the department required. We sent that only a few months ago,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14309904", "title": "Green drive in state from July 1", "text": "LUCKNOW: The forest department will start a massive plantation drive in the state from July 1. This is for the first time that a massive plantation will be done in UP apart from the annual plantation done by the department. Under the plan, at least two green belts will be raised in every district. The state has identified about 300 sites for creating green belts.In Lucknow division, five sites have been identified for massive plantation. As per the plan, a green belt in the rural area has to be of minimum five hectare area, while that in the city, should not be less than two hectare. July 1, which is observed as Van Mahotsav by the state, will mark the inauguration of the green belt project. Plantation will be done at Pandit GB Pant polytechnic and along Indra canal, Mohan Road, Pipraghat, near Chandrika Devi Temple and at Balmi Awasiya Parisar. More than 13,000 trees will be planted at the identified sites to give city the greener look. \"While July 1 will mark the formal start of the programme, plantation will continue during the monsoon months,\" said Eva Sharma, CCF, Lucknow.Several species including mango , sheesham, neem, arjun, peepal, semal and fruit-bearing ones will be planted. To ensure high survival rate, only 8 to 12 feet long trees will be planted. Acting on the directions of the chief minister, the forest department is keen to give a 'greener' look to the state this year. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav after taking charge in March had directed forest department to raise green belts in districts to compensate the colossal loss of trees in the state for various development and construction projects in the last few years.Considering the fact that it will be difficult to find vacant sites in cities, the scheme lays more emphasis on rural plantation. The criterion has also been fixed for roadside plantation. The green belts along roads have to be at least 2km and 10 metre wide on both the sides of the road. The area can be more than this. This is the minimum that districts have to plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14310851", "title": "Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation delegation to meet CM in Bangalore", "text": "HUBLI: With a view to bring pressure on the state government to clear pending projects post-haste, an party delegation of the HDMC led by Hubli-Dharwad mayor Panduranga Patil left for Bangalore on Tuesday night.About 13 members including ruling BJP and opposition parties -- Congress and JD(S) -- are in the delegation. The team will impress upon chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda and urban development minister Suresh Kumar the need to clear the proposals pending before the government.Pandurang Patil told TOI that most of the projects like development of super market in Hubli and Dharwad, setting up of multi-purpose parking lot at the court circle and extension of 24X7 water scheme to all wards have been pending for many years. \"We will prevail upon the government to give nod to take up these projects for the overall development of the twin cities,\" he said.There is also shortage of manpower in the corporation as most of the posts of engineers, sanitation officers, assistant commissioner, have been lying vacant for many years.\"We will put pressure on the government to speed up the process of recruitment,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14309123", "title": "How the US makes laws for the road", "text": "COIMBATORE: Law is an ass, the saying goes. But if careful thought is given when it is formulated, a law could deliver the outcome it promises. The US, for example, takes a lot of care before a law is formulated just to ensure that it is foolproof when implemented on the ground.A road safety law expert from the US who spoke at a seminar on the subject in the city on Wednesday elaborated on the long-drawn out processes lawmakers in his country undertake before they are sought to be applied. Tom Hollowell, who was director of the Office of Applied Vehicle Safety Research at the United States Department of National Highways Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), spoke extensively on the procedures followed before laws connected with road safety are allowed in public domain.A law once mooted will be researched first and followed by dummy tests. If the test results are unsatisfactory changes are made and the process, in some cases, repeated. Before taken up in constitutional bodies like the Congress, it will be put up in public domain for suggestions from citizens.Its effectiveness too is scrutinized over an extended period of time. \"After all, it may take 10 to 15 years before the effects of a law are known,\" he points out. He gave the example of the rule that made air bags compulsory. It took a decade of research and deliberation before it began to be implemented in the present form.The value of an airbag was noticed when passengers in two cars that rammed each other escaped with minor injuries, said Hollowell. The positive publicity the product received influenced lawmakers to deliberate on making airbags compulsory in cars. Later, it was noticed that the air bags were not effective in preventing injuries and suggestions were made to make it more effective.India too follows an elaborate process while making laws, Hollowell said. What he left unsaid was that the US was equally good at enforcing laws unlike India.Earlier Jaya Padmanabhan, president, JP Research, a consultancy firm involved in automotive safety, said studies in road and automotive safety must be undertaken more in India. Such research could contribute in designing better roads and vehicles, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14310771", "title": "Jharkhand Students' Union members meet Staff Selection Commission chief", "text": "RANCHI: Members of Jharkhand Students' Union (JSU) met the chairperson of Jharkhand Staff Selection Commission (SSC) with their various demands on Wednesday. This is the first time that SSC recruitment examination for 1,300 posts is being conducted this year since the formation of the state and it's norms are being vehemently opposed by a large number of students.JSU chairperson S Ali said, \"The cut-off date for appearing in the examination has been kept as 18 years as on January 1, 2012. If this is implemented then many deserving candidates will not be able to appear in the examination. Our demand is that the cut-off date should be made January 1, 2001.\"The members of the JSU also demanded change in the eligibility criteria for appearing in the examination from graduation to Intermediate as the examination is for the recruitment of third-level employees. They also demanded that the compulsion of scoring 60% marks in English in the main examination should be removed and, instead, the marks scored in matriculation should be considered.Another demand of the JSU members was reserving 45% of the unreserved seats for residents of Jharkhand and 5% for those from other states.Jharkhand SSC chairperson CR Sahay said, \"The rules are made by the government. So only the government can change them. All I can do is assure that demands of the students will be placed before the government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14308927", "title": "Top cops fail to declare assets", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government's attempt to bring transparency in top bureaucracy does not seem to be working with the elite Indian Police Service (IPS) officers. Almost one-fifth of them failed to declare details of their immovable property before expiry of the deadline on Monday, despite repeated reminders issued by the home ministry.The revised list of officers, who did not submit their Annual Immovable Property Return (AIPR) for the year 2011 by June 18, shows that 677 out of the total 3,393 IPS officers in the country have not acted upon the Centre's missive.\"As a result, these officers will not only be denied vigilance clearance for promotion and empanelment for central posting, but also not be considered for Service Medals for this year's Independence Day,\" a top home ministry official said.He said it was strange that the repeated reminders and warnings failed to move those IPS officers who knew the repercussion of not filing their AIPRs.The maximum 200 out of these 677 IPS officers belong to Uttar Pradesh cadre followed by 79 of Karnataka, 31 of Jharkhand, 27 of Andhra Pradesh, 23 each of Maharashtra and Punjab, 22 each of Bihar and Rajasthan, 21 of Jammu &amp; Kashmir, 20 of Himachal Pradesh, 18 each of Gujarat and Tamil Nadu, 17 of West Bengal, 14 of Madhya Pradesh, 13 of Haryana and 11 each of Kerala and Odisha cadres among others.Though it is possible that some of them might have submitted the immovable property details to their respective home departments in states, the same has not reached the home ministry which is the cadre controlling authority of IPS officers in the country.Asking IPS officers to adhere to the June 18 deadline, the home ministry had made it clear that those who failed to do it would not be recommended for the award of President's Police Medal for Distinguished Service and Police Medal for Meritorious Service on the occasion of Independence Day this year.Issuing the last reminders on June 6, the ministry in its note to home secretaries and police chiefs of all states/UTs and director generals of all central police organizations had said, \"In the absence of AIPR for the year 2011, vigilance clearance will not be granted and thus the IPS officers will not be considered for Service Medals for Independence Day, 2012.\"The ministry had issued similar notes twice in the past but to no avail.The first such deadline for filing the AIPR for the year 2011 was on January 31. Issuing this deadline much in advance, the ministry had said that unless the property returns were received by the central government, the records would not be complete and the central government had no option but to assume that the property return(s) had not been submitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14314690", "title": "Now, a film on women\u2019s cricket", "text": "Cricketer Anjum Chopra and actor Indraneil Sengupta came together at a Kolkata club on Tuesday for the premiere of the docudrama about the Indian women's cricket team.\"Poor Cousins of Million Dollar Babies\", by Sunil Yash Kalra. \"I am thankful to Sunil for getting down so deep into the subject and highlighting women cricketers in such a beautiful manner,\" said Anjum. Buzz is, the director is all set with a sequel of the docudrama.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14307296", "title": "Pothole tracking system hit by glitches", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's much-ambitious pothole tracking system seems to have run into trouble. Standing committee members on Wednesday lashed out at the administration for putting in place a faulty system, which is unlikely to improve road conditions. The developers, however, defended the software. Over 2,000 potholes have been reported as of date.Standing committee member Sandeep Deshpande ( Maharashtra Navnirman Sena) said, \"I tried to upload a photograph of a pothole that I noticed in Dadar but failed. I took up the matter with the chief engineer of roads, and he told me that I needed a 3G connection. Even after I upgraded my connection, it took me over 45 minutes to upload a photograph.\"Additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota said, \"We have launched the second version of the software and all glitches have been resolved. If anyone cannot use the software, they can call the helpline 1916 and lodge a complaint.\"The developers claimed their software could not be blamed, \"There are no software problems. There could be a problem with the handset or with GPS (global positioning system). There were some issues with the old version, but we resolved them last week. If any user has problems with the software, they can visit voiceofcitizens.com or the Facebook page and will surely get help from our administrators,\" said Shantanu Kulkarni, director, Probity Soft, which provides the software.Citizens can register a complaint by clicking a picture of the pothole and upload it. The software stores the image with details of its location. Users can also monitor the progress of the complaint at voiceofcitizen.com. The website also has information on the number of potholes detected, repaired and yet to be attended to.Meanwhile, corporators lambasted BMC's much touted cold-mix technology to fill potholes. Bandra corporator and standing committee member Asif Zakaria said, \"The roads department had used 'cold mix' to fix potholes on Road 25 of the Bandra link road but it was washed away after two days of moderate rain.\" The civic body has shortlisted three cold-mix technologies for this monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14310206", "title": "Tamil Nadu govt launches software to collect data on roads, bridges", "text": "CHENNAI: In a bid to improve roads and implement projects in a transparent manner, the state government launched a new software called e-PATHAI (electronic-project, administration, traffic, highway assets and information management system). The bundle, launched on Tuesday, consists of two separate software - Projects Human Resources &amp; Finance Management System (P&FMS;) and Road Management System (RMS). P&FMS; helps in automating existing manual procedures in the highways department so that data and projects reports will be available in electronic formats, whereas RMS collects data of roads and bridges maintained by the department. So far, RMS has data about 21,000km of state highways and major district roads and over 10,000km of other district roads. Data collected will be analysed and economic feasibility for road project is studied before prioritizing it. \"This will ensure efficient and transparent functioning of the department,\" said a highways official. Adding muscle to the system, the state government acquired two advanced data collection equipment worth Rs 3 crore. As of now, the road condition report generated using RMS reveals that 9,580km of the 62,017km or 6% of highways roads are damaged. \"The data collected is unbiased and helps in prioritizing road improvement works in a scientific manner,\" said a highways official. Consultancy services have also been included by the Tamil Nadu Road Sector Project (TNRSP) to integrate geographical information system into the department's software. TNRSP will also improve technical skill and management abilities of the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "14311274", "title": "Now, a cupcake-ATM for your midnight sweet craving", "text": "LOS ANGELES: For all those who have a midnight sweet tooth craving, a bakery chain in the US has come up with the world's first automatic cupcake vending machine, allowing one to buy the cakes as easy as taking money from an ATM. The machine can hold 600 cupcakes and was installed in front of Sprinkles' flagship store in Beverly Hills here. A touch screen display will allow customers to choose from a range of flavours, including vanilla, red velvet, chocolate marshmallow and cinnamon sugar.\"It's the concept of making sure someone can get a freshly baked cupcake at anytime,\" Sprinkles spokesperson Vineet Chaplot said.To the casual passerby, it looks just like a regular ATM, but a second look tells a different story. Customers flick a touch screen to get started, then up pops a menu of cupcakes, cake mixes, apparel and doggie cupcakes. Then they make a selection, swipe a credit card, and wait for the fun part.\"While the credit card is processing, you'll see a video of the actual camera on the robotic arm going and getting the cupcake that you'll receive,\" said Chaplot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14308063", "title": "Probe against 24 suspended PWD officers still on", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though a year has passed after 24 officers of the public works department (PWD) were suspended for their alleged involvement in a Rs 120 crore scam, the probe against them is still going on. They were charged with irregularities in renovation of government buildings, including Ravi Bhavan and MLA Hostel. None of them has been reinstated so far. Eight other officers were also charged with irregularities but they were not suspended. However, their role in the scam is also being probed.The officers suspended in June 2011 include two executive engineers, five deputy engineers and seventeen junior engineers, who had worked in PWD Nagpur's Division I between 2006 and 2009. This division is entrusted with maintenance of all state government buildings in the city.A PWD official said that the inquiry was first conducted by superintending engineer (vigilance), Mumbai, Upre. \"Now, Kishor Doifode, SE (vigilance), Pune, is holding hearings for all the suspended officials. After he finishes the hearings he will submit the report to the principal secretary. The fate of the suspended officials would be decided by the PWD ministry on the basis of the report,\" he told TOI.The official further said that the 24 suspended officers had met PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal some months ago and urged him to reinstate them. They had claimed that the eight officers, who were not suspended, were equally guilty. So they should be given the same treatment. However, Bhujbal did not entertain them pointing out that the matter was sub-judice.Meanwhile, in another PWD scam in Bhandara, the probe panel found three engineers guilty of wrongdoing. Sources in PWD said that executive engineer Harshwardhan Shende, deputy engineer AV Hanvate and junior engineer VY Aagale have been charged with financial misappropriation and a police complaint was lodged against them at Sakoli police station.Action against the 24 engineers was taken following a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by Nagpur Contractors Association (NCA) in the Nagpur high court. The NCA had claimed that the accused, in nexus with some select contractors, including Ankit Constructions (run by NIT trustee Kishor Kanhere) had executed many works amounting to Rs 119.54 crore only on paper. The case is pending in high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "14311002", "title": "Pyarimohan Mohapatra's visit to Koraput triggers protest rally", "text": "KORAPUT: BJD MP Pyarimohan Mohapatra, who recently led an alleged coup attempt against chief minister Naveen Patnaik , faced protests from his own party men when he arrived here on Wednesday.BJD workers took out a motorcycle rally around Koraput town, raising slogans against the suspended party leader. \"Naveen Patnaik is our leader. Anyone who tries to topple him will face our ire,\" said a BJD youth activist Dharmendra Adhikari, who participated in the rally. The protestors also threw eggs at the place where Mohapatra was residing and showed him black flags. The police, however, restrained them from burning Mohapatra's effigy, saying the BJD workers did not have permission to take out the rally.Mohapatra, however, was unfazed. He said, \"The youth activists took out the rally at the insistence of some BJD leaders against their will. It was done only to satisfy these leaders.\" He, however, declined to name the leaders. He said he is the life president of the Jagannath temple managing committee and had been coming to Koraput to attend the annual car festival for the last 35 years. \"I have been coming to attend the Rath Yatra at Koraput and would continue to do so. Such protests will not deter me from visiting Koraput. Zindabad and murdabad have nothing to do with my visit,\" he said.Mohapatra came by train in the morning and got down at Kakriguma, about 40 km from here, and inspected welfare works being undertaken by the Koraput Jagannath temple committee before driving down to Koraput. Police have tightened security at the Council of Analytical Tribal Studies (COATS) premises, where the septuagenarian parliamentarian has been staying and from where the BJD activists took out the rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14307524", "title": "Custody battle forces high court to plan teen's life", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Thirteen-year-old Bhagyesh spends more time in court than in his school. This is due to the unending legal battle between his warring parents regarding his custody.The courts have been planning vacation for the kid for last three years, as his parents were not ready to compromise on any formula. The matter did not end here. As the case could not be resolved even for visiting rights, the Gujarat high court intervened and decided to send the boy to a boarding school.Bhagyesh could not go to the school that was finalized by the high court because his father approached the Supreme Court, which stayed the process as for now.As per case details, Bhagyesh's lecturer mother Nita Patel left her matrimonial home six years years ago, and the kid was looked after by his father Nirmal, an interior designer in Valsad. Four years ago, the mother instituted a case in local court demanding custody of the child. The case is yet to be decided, but the mother got visitation rights and entire problem began with visiting hours.Bhagyesh, who according to Nirmal's lawyers has been attached to his father from the beginning, refuses to go to the mother., which she perceives this as tutoring on part of the father that the boy is avoiding to see her. The courts on time and again passed orders fixing in details the time and place for the mother's visit to her son.The formula for visitation kept changing, and the high court involved lower courts as well as police so that the custody schedules were followed properly. The father also assured courts that he would persuade the boy to go to his mother so everyone did not have to face unnecessary trouble. However, things could not be sorted out and the mother filed a contempt petition against her husband for not following HC order. Earlier this month, the proceedings began and it was discussed that the boy could be sent to a boarding school. Accordingly, the court finalized a school in Vadodara out of four boarding schools suggested by the father. In March, Justice Anant Dave directed the school to admit the boy from this academic year.Against this order, the father moved the SC and sought a stay on the HC order. He requested the apex court to grant more time expressing hope that he might be able to convince the kid to go and stay with his mother as per meeting scheduledd by courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14310942", "title": "Congress backs Nitish Kumar, reaches out to Yeddyurappa", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP biggies may have been the first to congratulate Pranab Mukherjee on his then still-rumoured move to Rashtrapati Bhavan, but the Congress decision to nominate him has created enough bitterness in the two camps that it is becoming a free-for-all.The Congress has eagerly latched on to the Nitish Kumar-Narendra Modi tussle to egg on the Bihar CM to come out of the NDA. \"We will definitely welcome if JD(U) leader Nitish Kumar leaves the NDA. He has rightly said that a country with such diverse cultures and beliefs needs a secular person at the top,\" AICC in-charge for Bihar Gulchain Singh Charak said.Asked if he would be taken into the UPA, Charak said it would depend on Kumar accepting the UPA's common minimum programme.The comment junked the Congress's caution on its political rivals on the grounds that it was seeking votes from all sections, possibly out of the realization that the BJP is sure to field its candidate. Charak's comment contrasted with the party's silence in the wake of Kumar's veiled jibe at Modi.The bitterness appeared to stem from the BJP belying the Congress's hopes of backing its veteran and instead \"poaching\" on UPA ally NCP by getting P A Sangma to contest. The Congress seems riled by the BJP deputing Subramanian Swamy as the pointsman to coordinate with allies. He has been attacking party chief Sonia Gandhi .The AICC could not hide its revulsion on Wednesday when spokesman Rashid Alvi waved off a query by saying, \"Subramanian Swamy is irrelevant in Indian politics. I don't want to stoop so low to comment on him.\"Observers think the contest could degenerate into a free-for-all. While personal attacks as in the last presidential poll is unlikely with Mukherjee in the fray, Congressmen feel the BJP will use the support for Sangma to bolster its grip on \"tribals\" and play on the northeast factor. A senior Congress leader said Sangma was the \"next Najma Heptullah \" with a Rajya Sabha nomination waiting for him.But the Congress is enthused that saffron attempts to use the election to spread its support base has ended up showing chinks in the NDA's armour with the JD(U) and Shiv Sena breaking rank.Also, it is reassured that the Trinamool is unlikely to support the BJP candidate despite being at war with the Congress. In fact, TMC's central minister Sultan Ahmed said Mukherjee was an option for the party while ruling out support for Sangma.On the contrary, leaders wondered if Mukherjee's reported phone call to B S Yeddyurappa was an attempt to play on the faultlines in the Karnataka BJP unit. The former CM is at loggerheads with the official BJP faction led by Sadananda Gowda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14310966", "title": "BEd seats across state are full", "text": "KANPUR: The counselling for the successful candidates of BEd exam-2012 was held at five centres across the city. Nearly, 1000 students locked the colleges of their choice at the counselling centres.The counselling will end on June 22 and by Wednesday, the seats in the BEd colleges across the state got filled. The only option left for the students is the BEd colleges affiliated to Meerut University.In these colleges, the BEd seats are vacant but the students are not opting for these colleges due to irregular session in the Meerut University.Long queues of students was witnessed at computer centre in Kanpur University to take part in the counselling. The students locked the colleges of their choice.\"The BEd seats in the Arts stream are very limited and they would get over by Thursday. Only BEd seats in Science stream are left, which would be filled till the last day of counselling on Friday\", said Sandeep Singh, co-ordinator for BEd counselling at Computer Centre.He informed that the counselling of the successful candidates of B.Ed exam is being held at at Dayanand Academy of management sciences, Govind Nagar, Naraina Vidyapeeth Engineering and Management Institute, Panki and SSA Institute of Management in Naramau in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14314427", "title": "Presidential polls: CPM leadership meets to firm up strategy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Top leadership of the CPM today met to firm up its strategy for the presidential poll ahead of the Left parties meeting here amidst indications that the party is mulling either to support UPA candidate Pranab Mukherjee or abstain from the July 19 poll.The meeting was attended by party general secretary Prakash Karat and senior leaders like Sitaram Yechury, Biman Bose, Brinda Karat and others.Sources said one section of the party is for abstaining from the poll while another is for supporting Mukherjee.The section advocating abstention is of the view that they cannot be seen voting for a Congress candidate.The meeting comes ahead of the Left party meeting here to finalise its strategy on the issue.Mukherjee has reached out to Karat seeking his party's support but did not get any commitment. Mukherjee telephoned Karat yesterday as part of the exercise to get support from non-UPA parties.Sources said Karat was non-committal and told him that CPM polit bureau was meeting tomorrow followed by a meeting of Left parties where a decision on the issue will be taken.Left parties account for around 51,000 vote value in the electoral college of 10.98 lakh vote value and Mukherjee has already garnered support of parties which has a total vote value of 5.44 lakh.If all the votes are polled and counted valid, then the winning candidate needs to get atleast 5,49,442 votes.The Left parties have kept a suspense on the issue of support to the UPA nominee, saying they were not bound to back the ruling coalition's candidate.\"We are not bound, we are not part of the alliance of Congress and UPA that we have to support anybody they propose,\" Karat had said.The CPM had earlier decided to consult secular and Left parties before finalising a stand on supporting a presidential candidate.The presidential poll, slated next month, was also discussed in the recent CPM central committee meeting, which authorised the Polit Bureau to formulate the party's strategy on the election after discussing the issue with other Left and like-minded secular parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14307628", "title": "Under 1-yr lease to get legal cover?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government may make it compulsory to register \"lease\" documents even for a period of less than one year, a move aimed at putting property owners and tenants on a stronger legal footing in case of disputes.An amendment proposed to the Registration Act, 1908, seeks to redefine \"lease\" to remove the provision which says that those for a period under one year need not be registered. The amendment would, however, exempt \"lease\" agreements pertaining to an amount which is below the \"floor price\".The move is aimed at giving a stronger legal standing to sections like property owners and buyers or tenants who don't have their lease documents registered, largely because the period they deal with is under one year.The provision of non-registration is exploited by groups like landlords who tailor the lease in a way (like 11 months) to keep them from registration. Conversely, there are cases of land grabs or squatting where non-registered lease puts the owners on a weak wicket.Sources said making registration compulsory for every lease could hinder business because of sheer volume and the government has thought of a \"floor price\" to make it binding. States are likely to be given the freedom to decide the \"floor price\" and they could fix it according to what suits the larger public interest there.It is part of the changes that Union rural development ministry has proposed to the Registration Act, and are being vetted by law ministry.The government may also make it mandatory to register powers of attorney. The transfer of property without registration causes loss to exchequer and is also a big source of disputes. Powers of attorney would be put under Section 17 of the Act which deals with compulsory registration.In another change, the \"registered documents\" relating to moveable and immoveable property would no longer be secrets in the registrar's office for which officials are to be pestered or bribed for a glance.The changed law may throw the \"Book 4\" open for general viewing. \"Book 4\" or the Miscellaneous Register is a compendium of all registered documents of certain value which is not allowed to be accessed by the general public. Sources said it would enable citizens to verify facts like ownership details of certain properties.A new clause is proposed to authorize 'registration officers' to refuse registration. Following the change in law, the officer could invoke his authority in case of documents relating to transfer of properties belonging to government, property under litigation, those belonging to charities or those whose transfer has been banned by states.The amended law would state that property can only be registered in the state where it is situated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14311226", "title": "Keep flat on hold, builder told after complaint", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Wednesday directed Oberoi Constructions to keep on hold a flat in its 22-storey residential tower, Oberoi Splendour on Jogeshwari-Vikhroli Link Road, following a complaint by a buyer.The bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing an appeal filed by Shaila Pathak and another flat buyer, whose agreements for two flats dating back to 2007 were terminated late last year by the builder over nonpayment . The flats were sold to other people.The HC has directed petitioner Pathak to deposit the remaining amount within eight weeks in court, which the developer is free to withdraw.Pathak's counsel D S Mehta argued that she paid more than half the price of Rs 92 lakh to the builder and the termination was illegal. The flat buyer, through counsel Abhay Khandeparkar , also challenged the cancellation and said the issue was that a \"virtually identical flat ought to be allotted now as a replacement and, by identical, it meant that it must have the same Aarey Milk Colony view and not a roadside view as there was a substantial price escalation of a flat with a better view, which was why he booked the apartment in the first place.Birendra Saraf, counsel for the developer, argued that Pathak's husband\u2014a financier\u2014had originally helped finance the sale of a flat by another person; when she defaulted on payment, he sought a transfer of allotment to his wife with an agreement to pay the money to the first buyer.The developer agreed and handed over the letter of allotment to Pathak. However, when some payments remained due, the agreement was terminated on November 8, 2011, as there was a dispute between Pathak and the person in whose name the flat was first booked. He said: \"The builder's money was not paid for five years. What is he expected to do?\"The matter was taken to court and a single bench passed a ruling upholding the firm's actions, he said.Advocate Mehta said as Pathak was willing to pay the remaining sum of about Rs 45 lak, the developer must be made to enforce the sale.He said a single judge had a few months ago granted relief by directing that a flat be reserved for another buyer, Jagdish Patel, whose sale agreement was also terminated by the builder.The HC passed an interim order directing that the issue of identical flat be kept open during the final hearing of the suit and that the developer was free to give a flat kept aside in Pathak's case on leave and licence and deposit the rent in court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14310843", "title": "BJP farmer wing protests Centre's minimum support price of paddy", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand unit of the BJP's Kisan Morcha on Wednesday staged protests in the headquarters of all 24 districts except Ranchi and Jamshedpur. The programme was the part of the BJP's national programme under which the morcha staged protests in all other states protesting against the UPA government's fixation of minimum support price (MSP) for paddy for 2012-13.State president of the Kisan Morcha Prem Singh said on May 12-13 the party convened Kisan sansad to decide the minimum input cost in agriculture and reached to a conclusion that given the hike in prices of seed, fertilizer and insecticide the minimum input cost was around Rs1,500 per quintal of paddy. \"Consequently we asked the Union government to fix MSP of paddy for 2012-13 at Rs 1,800 per quintal,\" he said.The Centre has announced Rs 1,250 as the new MSP increasing it from Rs 1,080 of the previous year. Singh said the Centreshould follow the recommendations of the Swaminathan committee which suggested that while deciding the MSP, the government must take into consideration that input cost of agriculture. \"The report is pending for implementation before Parliament but it should be used for deciding the prices,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14307990", "title": "Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation plot sold to businessman for Rs 99.80 lakh", "text": "NAGPUR: Two people have been booked by MIDC police for allegedly selling 10 acres owned by Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) to a businessman for Rs 99.80 lakhs. Businessman Milind Mahajan has lodged a complaint against Wardhaman Nagar resident Anil Jain and Prabhakar Guderao.Police said the fraud came to light four years after Mahajan purchased the property from Jain and Guderao, when he learnt that the property was owned by MIDC.According to the police, MIDC owns the property at Brahmni village. In 2008, Jain and Guderao told Mahajan that the land belonged to them. They sold the land to him for Rs 99.80 lakhs. They also gave him forged legal documents.Police said Jain and Guderao equally distributed the money. Mahajan learnt about the fraud after MIDC issued a notice to him. Sitabuldi police have registered a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14308936", "title": "'Tez ladki' challenges Sheikh Sarai RWA, seeks right to play", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pragya waited for around five years before taking matters into her hands. The park closest to her home in Sheikh Sarai Phase I had two gates that were practically right outside her door. A spate of kidnappings prompted the RWA to wall those gates up, blocking access from 11-year-old's part of the colony. When her appeals to the RWA brought no change, Pragya wrote to DCPCR, NCPCR, the chief minister, the Prime Minister and the President. She's been called the \" tez ladki\" for her efforts. \"My father created steps with bricks and we use them to jump over the barricade,\" says Pragya. The other alternative is using the one entrance on the other side of the park. The excuse of RWA for raising the walls and blocking the exit points is to prevent kidnapping. To put that argument into perspective, to use the existing entrance, kids have to go further away from home and use a road \"where all the vehicles are\". There are about 10 kids in Pragya's circle of friends - the oldest being 12 and the youngest has just started school. The park's not particularly clean either and some of the swings are broken. The kids often take their kho-kho and cricket outside into the service lane. Pragya wrote to the RWA for the first time on December 5 last year and set out to get her petition signed. \"About six kids signed it,\" she says. The RWA did nothing. On June 1, she wrote another letter to the RWA and this time 14 kids signed the request. Receiving a negative response again, she wrote to every authority she knew - DCPCR, NCPCR, the chief minister of Delhi, the Prime Minister and the President. \"Dear uncles, aunties and everybody,\" her letter reads, \"...Please help me with my problem. I have a park behind my house which earlier had an opening in the boundary wall... near my house from where we ...children used to go to the park. Now the president of our colony's RWA has closed the opening. Now we have only one opening but it's across my house. For that I have to pass through the road next to the park. It is not safe for all children due to the vehicles which are always passing through this road. I, along with other children, have already written 2 letters (dated-05/12/2011 and 01/06/2012) to the president of RWA... Since the RWA has refused to create an opening in the wall, I request u to support me.\" Her efforts prompted the DCPCR to write to the SHO in charge of the area. Moreover, the Delhi child rights club shall also look into the role of RWAs in controlling access to play areas in a colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "14313476", "title": "Punjab police to take care of senior citizens", "text": "BATHINDA: Senior citizens of Bathinda will feel more secure in near future as the police have planned a special security plan for them. Now every senior citizen will have the mobile number of the beat constable and SHO of the police station concerned so they can call them for assistance in case of any trouble.DIG Of Bathinda range, Pramod Ban said, \"We will start a survey to identify the senior citizens living alone in different localities of the city very soon.\" Not only the beat constable but the duty officer of the area as well as SHO of the police station concerned will also visit the homes of senior citizens, he added. As per the plan, police stations will have to maintain the list of senior citizens residing in their areas.A large number of senior citizens reside in Bathinda city. Due to the physical weakness and lonely status, senior citizens are easy targets for criminals and others especially in urban surroundings. They could be victims of threats from their own relatives, domestic servants, landlords, tenants, strangers, thieves and other intruders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14310423", "title": "Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Mission's houses for poor not viable, says report", "text": "PUNE: The Centre is aggressively promoting the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Mission (JNNURM) to address problems of urbanization, but the Working Group on Human Rights in India and the United Nations (WGHR) seems clearly unimpressed with the way the housing scheme for urban poor has been conceptualised.A WGHR report states that houses constructed for urban poor under JNNURM are generally located on the peripheries of urban areas \u2014 far away from people's workplaces, schools and hospitals \u2014 thus not viable.\"The current paradigm of urbanisation being promoted by the Indian government, including schemes such as the JNNURM, contrary to the rhetoric, has extremely limited space and resources for the poor, with a continued focus on large-scale infrastructure development. While urban land is being diverted for profitable real estate and infrastructure projects, legislative tools are commonly used to condemn the urban poor as 'illegal encroachers,\" states the WGHR report.The report says that the national urban housing shortage estimated during India's 11th Five-Year Plan (2007-2012) is 2.65 crore (26.53 million), with around 99% of this pertaining to the economically weaker sections and low income groups. No comprehensive housing scheme, however, exists for the urban poor as yet. \"The current proposed national scheme of Rajiv Awas Yojana aimed at providing legal security oftenure must also address the acute housing shortage and backlog and focus on the provision of adequate low-cost housing,\" adds the report.\"In the absence of affordable and low-cost housing options, a majority of the urban poor (around 60% in Mumbai and 50% in Delhi) are forced to live in overcrowded slums/informal settlements without legal security of tenure and access to basic services, including water and sanitation, and often at great risk to their health. By mid-2011, India's urban slum population was estimated at 158.42 million. Those who cannot afford a space in a slum continue to remain homeless, being forced to live on pavements, railway platforms, under flyovers, and in other precarious conditions,\" states the report.The report observed that unchecked real estate speculation contributes to escalation of prices, which makes housing and property more and more unaffordable for the majority, resulting in people being forced to live in inadequate conditions and without security of tenure.\"Homelessness and the crisis of inadequate housing are further exacerbated by regular forced evictions and slum demolitions across the country. Most of these are carried out in the name of 'development' such as urban renewal schemes, city 'beautification' projects, real estate development, and sporting events like the 2010 Delhi Commonwealth Games,\" says the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14310244", "title": "Engineering dropout snatches gold chain, nabbed", "text": "CHENNAI: A 25-year-old engineering college dropout was caught while trying to flee with a three-and-a-half-sovereign gold chain he had snatched from a woman in JJ Nagar on Tuesday evening. Police said G Karthik Gopinath of Maduravoyal confronted K Shobakumar in front of her house. He snatched her chain and slashed her neck with a knife. He then brandished the knife and threatened the woman and her husband Kumar, a real-estate businessman. Gopinath ran towards the back of the house where he had left his scooter. The cries of Kumar and his wife brought a few neighbours and others to the spot. Some ran behind the youth while others alerted the police control room. \"One of our teams nabbed the robber with the help of some neighbours. During questioning, Gopinath confessed to have committed the crime. We recovered the stolen chain and also seized his scooter,\" Anna Nagar deputy commissioner of police Prem Anand Sinha said. Gopinath told police that his father Govindaraj had incurred huge losses in his garments business and that this forced him to discontinue his engineering course. He later stayed with a friend in Maduravoyal, police said. Gopinath was later remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "14311625", "title": "Mandya 'principal' held for polygamy", "text": "MANDYA: A college principal who had married two women and was gearing up for his third marriage is now cooling his heels in prison.B N Raghu, alias T Suresh alias Dr. Sureshgowda of Bidarakere village of Nagamnagala taluk in Mandya district was arrested on Tuesday.Raghu had not only conned women into marrying him, he also conned several persons promising them jobs. The accused married women from Uttara Kannada and Bangalore districts. He was to marry another girl from Channarayapatna of Hassna district.Raghu's con deeds came to light when Shantakumari, a nurse working in Mysore Appollo Hospital, was promised a job in Bangalore's Victoria Hospital. When he failed to get her the job, her relatives thrashed him up. Shantakumari lodged a complaint in Maddur police station, where his polygamous history came to light.According to police, he married Nayana of Ijjada village of Ankola taluk in Uttara Kannada district. They have a five-year-old daughter. His another victim was a teacher from Bangalore. This woman also has a three year-old child.During investigation, it was found that Raghu received huge amounts of dowries. He got one of his wives,a teacher, to get him a luxury car. He also received Rs 2 lakh, 300 grams of gold from her, police said.Police said that Raghu who had failed in PUC, moved to Bangalore where he created fake MA, D.Ed and PHD certificates and got a principal's job in D.Ed College in Hanakere. Raghu is said to have taken Rs 2 lakh from Shantakumari, Rs 1.50 lakh from Tavarekere Ramanna promising a government job to his son and Rs 50,000 from his five students claiming he would help them get jobs.\"Based on separate complaints of cheating lodged by his two wives, Ramanna and Shantakumari we searched his house in Maddur town and we seized his fake education certificates, including fake address and identity proofs documents. The court has remanded him to judicial custody, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14307845", "title": "Cabinet approves non-practicing allowance for medical college teachers", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra government has finally given the much awaited nod to pay 35% non-practicing allowance (NPA) to teachers in government medical colleges. The Maharashtra State Medical Teachers Association (MSMTA) had long been demanding the NPA. They had withdrawn their boycott of the practical examinations of first and third year MBBS students last week only after medical education minister Vijay Kumar Gavit assured them to approve the same.On Wednesday, the state cabinet cleared the 35% NPA for medical teachers in cities and 50% for rural college teachers. Dr Ram Raje, state MSMTA president from Mumbai, and Dr Sameer Golawar, vice president from city, have welcomed the decision along with the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) president in city.The government has also promised to bring a government resolution in this effect at the earliest. \"The teachers will start getting the NPA only after the GR is issued. We just hope that unlike earlier promises the government keeps this promise and does it at the earliest since doctors in other states have been getting NPA since 2008-09,\" said Dr Dixit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14308694", "title": "I-T raids on Dilip Buildcon Limited, SR group", "text": "BHOPAL: Income tax (I-T) sleuths on Wednesday swooped down on around 60 places across the country of contractor-turned billionaire Dilip Suryavanshi; teacher-turned local business tycoon Sudhir Sharma and their associates at 10 different locations, including Indore and Bhopal in Madhya Pradesh. Incriminating documents related to tax evasion running into crores of rupees were reported to have been seized during the searches.\"It will be too early to comment on the searches as they are still in progress. The outcome will be known once it is over. We have to scan the computers and other files,\" a top I-T department official said here.Around 350 I-T staffers and as many police personnel, took part in the exercise at some 30 places in Bhopal. Apart from Bhopal, the searches were also carried out simultaneously in Indore, Jhabua, Rajgarh and Jabalpur in the state. The searches were also in progress in Nagpur, Delhi, Mumbai, Rorkee and Kolkata, a top official said.At dawn, the I-T team hired around 150 vehicles for searches at different places across the country, he added. In Bhopal, the raids are in progress at Arera Colony, Chunabhatti, Lalghati and Gulmohar Colony and other places.Suryavanshi is the owner of Dilip Buildcon Limited (DBL), which has bagged several contracts from the Madhya Pradesh Road Development Corporation, headed by chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan , while Sudhir owns and runs SR Group, which is into education, mining, agro and pharmacy business.Search covers associates, relativesThe I-T raids also covered the wife, son and associates of DBL and SR Group owners.Accordingly, the taxmen conducted searches on the associates and partners of Suryavanshi and Sharma, including J S Walia, Devendra Jain, brother of two IPS officers, besides Bharat Singh, husband of a BJP women cell leader, Raja Ghosh, Sanjay Mehta and others. Apart from these people, Suryavanshi's wife Sema and sons Rohan and Karan, who are also associated with him in DBL operations, are being covered in the I-T searches, said officials.DBL and SR Group, the flagship companies of Suryavanshi and Sharma respectively had as many as 24 other companies engaged in different works, the I-T officials said.The exercise came after the I-T officials detected that the two groups were involved in the tax evasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ashik", "code": "14311075", "title": "MSEDCL goofs up, sends notice to its own official", "text": "ASHIK: A confusion over the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd billing system has put one of its engineers in a spot. The electricity company that had settled a section of the outstanding bills of a gram panchayat, failed to clear it on its records and the deputy engineer, who reconnected the supply, was issued a notice for restoring power to the panchayat.\"Our official responsible for recovery of bills related to Lahavit gram panchayat was issued a notice by the company asking why the power supply to the water supply scheme of the gram panchayat was restored, despite their outstanding amount being Rs 3.88 lakh. However, the outstanding amount in reality was Rs 1 lakh. The remaining Rs 2.88 lakh was interest amount which had been waived off earlier,\" said a senior MSEDCL official.In September 2009 the total outstanding amount of the gram panchayat was Rs 9.22 lakh. After follow-ups, the gram panchayat paid the capital amount of it.\"They paid the capital amount and sought relief from interest of Rs 2.88 lakh under Jal Sanjeevani scheme announced by the company then in 2010. Since the scheme has been given extension, even today the component of interest still reflects in the bill of Rs 3.88 lakh,\" the official said.The gram panchayat, for a brief period in last three years, failed to pay a bill which invited action of disconnection, but since there was heavy demand for power supply for the village, the connection was restored with the promise that the body would pay the bills properly and it even acted accordingly.That happened to be the base of a notice issued by the headquarters, said the officials, adding that the action taken was demoralizing for the staff that worked on the field.Unless the billing software clears the account year-wise, the interest component will continue to reflect in the bills. Baburao Kale, former deputy sarpanch and current member of the gram panchayat is also vexed by the billing system and wants it rectified. \"The MSEDCL officials have cooperated with us during hard times and now we want our bill to reflect only the exact outstanding amount,\" Kale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14307861", "title": "Mayor to teach mini-mayors their duties, powers", "text": "NAGPUR: With all 10 zonal chairpersons (mini-mayors) having been elected, mayor Anil Sole has decided to conduct a workshop to make them aware about their responsibilities and authority. On Wednesday, Congress corporator from Jaripatka Suresh Jagyasi and BSP corporator from Thawre Colony Abhishek Shambarkar were elected chairpersons of Mangalwari and Ashi Nagar zones respectively.Jagyasi and Shambarkar were elected unopposed after BJP-led ruling party Nagpur Vikas Aghadi (NVA) deciding not to contest the seats. The NVA decided against contesting since the numbers were clearly in favour of the Congress. Of total 14 corporators, the Congress had eight corporators. Leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre selected Jagyasi for the post.In Ashi Nagar zone, the BJP paved the way for BSP as a sign of indirect support since the latter did not contest against the NVA in Hanuman Nagar zone. Thus, all 10 chairpersons were elected unopposed. NVA emerged victorious in eight while Congress and BSP won one zone each.This is for the first time that the mayor has decided to conduct a workshop for the mini-mayors since introduction of these posts three years ago. The workshop will be held at 3pm on June 21. Sole, deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav, chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari and additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare will guide the zonal chiefs. Assistant commissioners of all zones will be present.Shambarkar, youngest among the zonal chiefs, said effort will be made to improve North Nagpur and make it like West Nagpur. \"There are many slums in North Nagpur. First priority will be to make the zone free of slums. There are no big gardens, landmarks etc in this part of the city. Along with improvement in civic services, priority will be to take up development works. I will request Sole and the civic chief to give special funds of Rs 5 crore for Ashi Nagar zone,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14310109", "title": "National Institute of Virology tests 80 blood samples, finds most hepatitis E infected", "text": "PUNE: The hepatitis E virus infection has been detected in more than 95% of the blood samples taken from 80 people in Ichalkaranji in Kolhapur district. The samples were tested by scientists at the Pune-based National Institute of Virology (NIV).Twelve people have died and 4,089 others have taken ill since the hepatitis outbreak in the first week of May in this textile town of western Maharashtra.\"Only three or four of the 80 serum samples tested negative. This confirms it is an outbreak of the hepatitis E virus. No dual infection was seen in this outbreak. Some of the water samples taken from supply points in the town were found to have fecal contamination,\" scientist Vidya Arankalle, senior deputy director and head, hepatitis division, NIV, said here on Friday.\"Though the disease is usually self-limiting, it can lead to fulminant liver failure, which is associated with high mortality. We want to find out the probable cause of this severity in people carrying the hepatitis E infection. In the case of this infection, a higher proportionate mortality has been described in pregnant women,\" Arankalle said.Hepatitis is an infection of the liver caused by the virus. \"Of the four main types of the virus, hepatitis A and E are waterborne while hepatitis B and C infection comes through infected blood or sexual transmission,\" said gastro-enterologist Harshal Gadhikar of Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital.Although the clinical picture is similar and the type of virus can only be confirmed by laboratory tests, there are differences in the mode of transmission, incubation period, long-term complications and mortality rates.\"The incubation period of the hepatitis E virus ranges from six days to six weeks depending on individual immunity. Therefore, despite being infected with the virus, a person with good immunity may remain unsymptomatic (without illness) for days together. The infection can cause illness between six days and six weeks depending upon one's immunity. That's why we are continuously seeing cases even after initiating high chlorination water purification methods,\" officials from the state health department said.Ichalkaranji, which has a population of 3 lakh, receives 80 per cent of its water supply from the Krishna river and the remaining from the Panchganga river. Supply from the Krishna was totally stopped due to repair and maintenance work in April. The town had to make do with water from the Panchganga, which is a highly polluted river.The water from the Panchganga needs high chlorination to make it fit for consumption. It is believed that the same amount of chlorination that was used to purify water from the less polluted Krishna was used to purify the Panchganga waters. This is suspected to have caused the hepatitis E virus outbreak. It is also suspected that the water got mixed with drainage water due to leakages in the supply system.Untreated sewage is released into the Panchganga, making it highly polluted. Kolhapur city alone discharges over 65 MLD (million litres daily) of sewage into the river, affecting 60 villages and Ichalkaranji town, which are downstream.Meanwhile, patients from the town have been admitted to the Indira Gandhi Memorial Hospital, Chhatrapati Pramilaraje Rugnalaya and D Y Patil Hospital, besides several other hospitals in Ichalkaranji and Kolhapur.In 2005, a similar outbreak occurred in Baramati in which the hepatitis virus infected around 2,500 people and claimed six lives. \"This outbreak in Ichalkaranji is even more explosive than the one in Baramati,\" state health department officials said.Meanwhile, 49 cases of the hepatitis E virus infection have been reported from village Pathpanhala in Kolhapur district, some 55 km from Ichalkaranji, and another 26 cases in village Takawade, just 3 km from the textile town. \"There is no death in either village so far. We are closely monitoring the situation,\" the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14309166", "title": "Nithyananda to undergo medical test", "text": "BANGALORE: A Ramanagaram court on Wednesday allowed the CID to conduct medical and physical tests on self-styled godman Swami Paramahamsa Nithyananda in connection with a rape and sexual abuse case lodged against him in 2010.Chief judicial magistrate Varthur Venkatagiriyappa Pushpavathi passed an order in this regard after the CID filed an application seeking permission to conduct the tests on the godman.The CID, which had already filed a chargesheet against Nityananda in the case, had not subjected him to a medical and physical examination as he had refused to undergo the tests. With the court granting permission to the CID's request, the investigation will come to a close, a CID officer told TOI.The case of rape and criminal intimidation was originally booked against Nityananda by a devotee with the Bidadi police, and later transferred to the CID.TOI had carried a report on June 12 quoting state home ministry sources that though the CID had filed a chargesheet in the 2001 case of sexual abuse and rape against the godman, the agency might seek to subject him to medical and physical tests which he had declined to undergo.The CID's fresh move comes in the backdrop of fresh controversies gripping the Bidadi headquarters of the godman. The ashram witnessed widespread violence after some pro-Kannada activists staged a protest at the ashram gate on June 8, after Nityananda had asked a few mediapersons to get out of his press conference the previous day, resulting in fisticuffs.The state government ordered a probe into the ashram's \"shady and illegal\" affairs and threatened to seal it. The government's move was challenged by Nityananda.The godman was arrested later, in connection with the June 7 violence. However, he was released on bail. On Tuesday, the ashram was handed over to Nityananda's representatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14308754", "title": "Realty sales dip, rental deals on the rise", "text": "MUMBAI: Property sales and purchase agreements show a sharp fall during the first five months in 2012 as compared to 2011. However, leave and licence deals registered with the department of stamps and registration shot up during the same period, official data showed.According to property consultants, there is a growing tendency for people to stay on rent than shell out exorbitant property prices in a volatile market of changing interest rates and market conditions.During January-May, in the Mumbai island comprising Colaba, Sion and Mahim regions, sales and purchase agreements recorded a negative growth at 9.44%, while leave and licence agreements surged by 10.36%.In western suburbs covering Borivli, Goregaon and Dahisar, the fall in the sales and purchase agreements was quite sharp at 16.45%, while the leave and license agreement rose 18.56%. Leading developer members of Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry-Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India while admitting the slowdown, however, justified the high prices. They said that rates have gone up because no new approvals are coming. Property buyers are attracted to leave and licence agreements instead of new flat purchases. The scenario could change provided various approvals were granted through single window system in 90 days. If the clearance takes a long time, the builder and developer have to bear interest burden of 20-30%. However, this can be reduced if the time taken for approval is reduced and it will ultimately benefit the flat buyers as the price can be reduced,'' the developers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14307414", "title": "Watch out for thieves from Cumbum-Theni this monsoon", "text": "THRISSUR: Monsoon is the season when large groups of thieves from Tamil Nadu villages enter Kerala. This has been going on for the past many years now.For the police in Kerala, robber gangs from the neighbouring state normally meant bandits from Panavadali Chatram in Tirunelveli district, as gangs from this village of thieves have been making inroads into Kerala for quite some time.However, the scene has apparently changed this year. Police say thieves who are entering Kerala villages or have already done so are mostly from the Cumbum-Theni district in Tamil Nadu.\"This year the inflow of thieves from Panavadali Chatram is negligible. According to Intelligence inputs, a large number of thieves have entered Kerala in groups from Cumbum-Theni,\" said assistant commissioner of police Shahul Hameed, who has led many operations against thieves from other states.The thieves from Cumbum-Theni are more aggressive and mainly target rich houses and old people. They operate at night and loot residents at knifepoint. They even attack residents fatally if there is resistance.\"These thieves come to Kerala as labourers and small-time vendors. They will camp out in a particular locality along with women and children at daytime, roam around as vendors and mark the houses that are to be looted at night. A team will have at least five members equipped with tools to break in and attack people who resist,\" said Shahul Hameed. According to Intelligence, these teams operate only during the monsoon season. \"Cumbum-Theni teams carry out operations in towns as well as villages. They also target shops, but very rarely religious places. Police expect at least 30 theft cases in central Kerala alone this season.With many thieves from the region already having entered Kerala, the number of cases could be very high this time. The department has already beefed up security and patrolling, and is keeping a close watch on migrant labourers and vendors,\" said an officer from the Intelligence wing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14307831", "title": "Road Transport Authority's drive stops private buses in their tracks", "text": "HYDERABAD: Bus operators curtailed their services on Wednesday on the apprehension that their vehicles would be seized by Road Transport Authority (RTA) officials under one pretext or the other with the crackdown against erring bus operators continuing for the third day running.According to transport department officials, a daily 1,150 buses run by private operators ply in the state. Of these, 400 buses are those plying between Hyderabad and other places. However, on Wednesday, only 200 such buses were operating from the city. It is learnt that more than half these buses stayed off the road on Wednesday.Sri Kaleshwari Travels Pvt Ltd, whose bus it was that crashed into a rivulet near Sholapur creating a huge public outcry, did not operate a big chunk of its vehicles for fear of being targeted. \"We came to know that of the 100 buses which Sri Kaleshwari Travels operates every day, about 60 to 70 stayed off the roads. Of the remaining buses, 20 were seized as they were plying in violation of various permit norms,\" additional transport commissioner P Srinivas told TOI.Things are much the same with other operators, who had contrived to ply their buses in violation of rules, especially by adding more seats than what was permitted. As a result, passengers who had planned to avail of private buses have been hit by this sudden non-availability of service. It is learnt that SVR Travels, Sangeetha, Jabbar and few other travel operators, who together would operate no less than 100 buses a day have all cut down their services drastically. Till now, contract carriages were plying unofficially as stage carriages in what was a lucrative business. The operators mainly used to make money by carrying the commercial goods illegally after some settlement with the officials.Meanwhile, the private operators' loss is the Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC)'s gain as it filling the void by running additional long-distance buses. As a result, the earnings of the corporation has seen a 3% jump in the last few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14308539", "title": "2 persons run over by trains in city areas", "text": "JAIPUR: Two persons were run over after being hit by trains in various localities of the city during the early hours on Wednesday.Some of the slum dwellers living close to the railway tracks spotted a dead body lying near the tracks passing through the Malviya Nagar locality. Soon after, police was informed. A team of Jawahar Circle police reached the spot to take stock of the situation.\"The deceased was identified as Suresh Kumar (35) who was a worker at a Malviya Nagar situated factory. It is not clear whether he committed suicide or it was an accident,\" said a senior police officer from Jawahar Circle police station.In another incident, the slum dwellers around the railway tracks in Bais Godam area spotted a mutilated body along the railway tracks. A team of Ashok Nagar police arrived at the spot and took the body to the mortuary of SMS hospital. \"Efforts were on to identify the body. The body is supposedly of a 20 to 25 years old man. His pictures have been sent to all the police stations in the city,\" an officer said.After doubling of the railway tracks between Jaipur to Delhi, there has been a sudden rise in the train run-over cases. Neither the city police nor the authorities of North Western Railways (NWR) are serious enough to chalk out some result-oriented strategy to curb such accidents.It may be recalled that on June 7 a woman and her seven-year-old daughter were run over by a train near Khirni Phatak area in Jhotwara locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14311109", "title": "Patna University yet to get go-ahead for entrance test", "text": "PATNA: There is a huge rush of admission-seekers at different colleges of Patna University (PU) which has not yet received the go-ahead either from the state government or the chancellor's office for introducing entrance test for the general graduation courses.Patna Science College has already received 3,300 forms for admission to BSc honours courses. There are altogether 600 seats in different honours subjects, said its principal Arun Kumar Sinha.Patna College has received about 2,000 applications for 600 seats in different honours subjects in BA Part I. B N College, Magadh Mahila College, Vanijya Mahavidyalaya and Patna Women's College have also received a good number of applications from the students.Magadh Mahila College principal Dolly Sinha said the last date for submission of forms is June 25. Preparations for holding the entrance test have been made. All the colleges of PU have already announced the time and date of entrance tests to be held separately in their respective institutions.Meanwhile, PU has extended the last date for submission of forms for admission to some vocational (self-financing) courses in different colleges and postgraduate departments keeping in view the poor response of admission seekers. The last date for submission of forms for the PG Diploma in bioinformatics (PU), BSc environmental science (Science College), BA in social work and PG diploma in women's and child welfare (Magadh Mahila College), Master's in finance and control (commerce) and Bachelor in Library and Information Science has been extended by 5 to 10 days.PU vocational courses coordinator U K Sinha said even though the last date for submission of forms has been extended on the request of course coordinator or director, the process of admission would have to be completed as per the schedule and the classes would start on July 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14307331", "title": "Disaster management convention at Ravindra Bhavan", "text": "MARGAO: The national disaster management authority launched a three-day convention at Ravindra Bhavan, Fatorda, to take stock of the state's level of preparedness and what should the response of government agencies be in case of a natural calamity.The convention was attended by the heads of government departments in South Goa such as transport, PWD, electricity, road transport organization (RTO), municipal councils, police and the Indian Navy.The talks focused on organizing teams across government hierarchy to tackle various disasters depending on the scale of damage it can cause. The need to have incidence response teams at the lower level of bureaucracy such as block development officers right up to the district and state-level were highlighted.Sources said that the responses for particular areas were also discussed and that there would be micro-level disaster management plans where the local sarpanch would be responsible for its implementation, while the mamlatdar would be the nodal officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14309350", "title": "Nigerian hard nut to crack", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Nigerian accused Paul Osemwengie is proving to be a hard nut to crack for Chandigarh Police as even after interrogating him for seven days, police failed to extract any concrete information from him. Now, police is clearly on back foot as he did not disclose anything about other Nigerian accused and whereabouts of his passport and nature of visa on which he was visiting India.Police said that he was very good at creating drama as whenever police tried to act strict with him, he faked passing out or started shouting in pain.Osemwengie, along with two Mumbai residents, was arrested by Economics Offence wing (EOW) of Chandigarh Police on June 9. He was accused of duping a man of Rs 22 lakh on the pretext of sending him to the US.\"He is a big-time con. He did not cooperate with the police and whenever we tried to question him, he started shouting as he was in pain. It was all fake. However, on the basis of recovery of ATM cards and his bank details, police have recovered some documents that would help us to nail him and others,\" Onkar Singh, investigating officer said.Police said Osemwengie has Rs 1 crore deposited in over 30 bank accounts, which were opened in different parts of the country. His modus operandi was based on the principle of 'account on rent' and had opened accounts on the names of other people. The actual account holder was paid 1-2% of the money transaction.\"Though he has accounts in different banks, money was only withdrawn from Mumbai-based ATMs. From SBI Bank, he had withdrawn nearly Rs 28 lakh within a period a month. We have requested those banks to provide us CCTV footage because electronic evidence can play a crucial role in this case,\" Singh said. Osemwengie was produced in the court on Wednesday and he was sent to 14-day judicial remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14314839", "title": "Rahman inspired me to score music: SJ Surya", "text": "Director SJ Suryah has distanced himself from Tollywood after his \"Komaram Puli\" (starring Pawan Kalyan) tanked at the box office without notice couple of years back. However, the director, known for his signature verve, is staging a comeback with \"Isai\" in Kollywood. And SJ Surya is also playing the lead role in this film.Apart from directing and playing the lead, Surya is giving the sound track to this film. SJ also underwent 6 months of training in music before composing the tunes of this flick. But who encouraged this actor-director to do so? It's none other than Oscar-Grammy winner AR Rahman it seems. SJ Surya recently said that it was A R Rahman who urged him to compose music after the ace music director was impressed with Surya's knowledge on music.It's true that Surya's films like \"Khushi\", \"Vaale\" and \"Komaram Puli\" carry excellent music and let's hope Surya will enthrall the audience in his new role. \"Isai\" also has K Vishwanath playing a cameo and the first look of the film has been unveiled recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14307707", "title": "Tender minds ripped apart at home", "text": "KOLKATA: A Class III student of a leading girls' school near Park Circus went up to her English teacher one day and broke down helplessly before her.In between her violent sobs, the eight-year-old barely managed to tell her teacher that she was an unwanted child and that she wished to take her life. Alarmed, the teacher immediately contacted the school counsellor and the principal, because her intuition said that Preeti was in serious need of help.They found out from the girl that ever since she had any memory, her parents have been fighting over how their marriage is incompatible and how her mother wanted to abort her when she conceived.\"My father regularly keeps late nights and my mother feels that she has to shoulder all the responsibilities alone, despite having a career. She blames him for her early conception and for not letting him abort me. They keep saying that they cannot separate because of me but they are now contemplating separation and my father is looking for a boarding school in Kurseong,\" the traumatized child told her teachers. \"I would rather kill myself than live this way...\"When her parents were called to the school, they were shocked to hear that their daughter was contemplating suicide. \"We advised them not to fight in front of their child as she was a passive sufferer of their discord. We also told them not to think of a boarding school as an alternative. Our school counsellor even went two steps ahead and put them on to a marriage counsellor,\" said the principal.The school counsellor kept regular tabs on the child even through the summer vacation.City schools say that at least 20% children in any classroom suffer from depression brought on due to passive tension.Whether it is marital discord or professional crises, parents are carrying a lot of stress back home and children are ending up as victims.In a large number of cases this is affecting their school performance as well. Apart from classroom duties, teachers are also having to take care of the kids' mental health.A teacher in one of the promient schools of the city recounted how a Class VIII student fell apart after his father, an IT professional, was laid off last year. He was a bright boy and the family lived the high life - an upscale apartment in a posh area, vacations abroad.Suddenly, his parents found it extremely difficult to meet expenses, espeically with the child's elder brother doing his final year engineering in Bangalore.\"The schoolboy's grades started dropping until he could barely get pass marks. We were surprised because he was always among the top 10% in class. Initially, we thought that he was becoming unmindful and truant so we scolded him and threatened to call his parents. He then broke down and told us how his father has taken to alcohol after he lost his job. Their car got confiscated since the EMIs were pending and now they might even lose their house. We immediately waived his fees, which was a great relief for the family, but that's another matter,\" said the principal.Marital discord is on the rise. And over the past decade, there has been an alarming increase in the number of kids suffering due to parental incompatibility, parents losing jobs or carrying professional tension back home.This worrying trend is adding to the number of unhappy children in school, authorities say. \"There are parents who do not have the time to have dinner with children since they are glued to the computer screen even while having their meals. If one parent was this way, the kids still coped. Nowadays you have both father and mother this way. Children yearn for their attention but get shooed away since both parents are trying to better their career even at the cost of spending quality time at home,\" rued Meena Kak, principal of Lakshmipat Singhania Academy.Children are put into all sorts of coaching and activity classes to keep them busy but even if this helps with their academic growth, it does not meet their emotional needs. \"I have hired a tutor for every subject for my child because I cannot look after his homework. Both of us return home late because most of the time there are after-office social commitments. His school advises me to spend more time with him. That can happen only if I quit my job and at this point in my career I cannot afford to do that,\" said Madhuri Rakshit, the mother of a Class V student at La Martiniere for Boys.School counsellors say that looking at the number of unhappy kids in school it seems that we are raising a few generations of children with mind problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14308580", "title": "Presidential poll: BJP to back Sangma; Sena, JD(U) to vote for Pranab", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP looks set to sponsor former Lok Sabha Speaker P A Sangma against finance minister Pranab Mukherjee in the presidential election, disregarding protests of allies JD(U) and Shiv Sena, who have decided to vote for the veteran Congressman, in the July 19 contest.BJP on Thursday is likely to declare support for Sangma, who resigned from NCP on Wednesday, a move intended to signal his resolve to stay put as a presidential nominee. Indications are that a formal declaration by JD(U) of its decision to support Mukherjee will follow soon. Shiv Sena leaders said the party will not change its views.BJP is not overly enthused with Sangma, but with former president A P J Abdul Kalam refusing to contest, the party feels it can close ranks with potential allies like BJD and AIADMK leaders Naveen Patnaik and J Jayalalithaa, who were the first to back Sangma. BJP is also clear that it will not support a Congress candidate.Sangma quit NCP by citing its leader Sharad Pawar's disinclination to support his candidature. In a press release, Sangma stressed that while he had been projected by the Tribal Forum of India and was supported by Jayalalithaa and Patnaik as well as senior leaders of NDA and other non-Congress formations, \"the Nationalist Congress Party of which I am a member has not found it possible to endorse my candidature\".Sangma may well have preempted action against him as NCP office-bearers were to meet on Thursday to discuss his case. \"Pawar sa'ab had at a recent meeting with Sangma made it clear that it will not be possible to support his case and that he must withdraw,\" said NCP sources.On Wednesday, Sangma said, \"The disinclination of the Nationalist Congress Party to endorse my candidature amounts to a denial of the aspirations of the tribals of the country. At the same time, I cannot also ignore the feeling of the tribals that Raisina Hill should not continue to be a distant dream for them.\"BJP's decision to oppose Mukherjee even after Kalam refused to take the field and even at the cost of a split in the NDA signals its intent to turn the presidential election into an opportunity to launch a campaign against the Congress.\"As the principal opposition, we cannot be seen endorsing Congress's choice in one of the most-watched presidential election ever and especially when the UPA's popularity has slump,\" said a leader to justify the party's stand despite resistance from its oldest allies, Sena and JD(U).The party leadership, which brainstormed the issue, is convinced the popular mood will not have countenanced a walkover to Mukherjee when he as finance minister is seen as directly responsible for the mishandling of the economy as symbolized by the sliding rupee and rising prices. BJP also feels Mukherjee does not enjoy the popular appeal Congress is claiming by pitching the finance minister's long stint in public life.Besides, BJP views the election as a chance to improve ties with two influential non-Congress players, Jayalalithaa and Patnaik.Congress, however, welcomed the prospect of a face-off with party spokesperson Rashid Alvi saying, \"Both Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress president Sonia Gandhi have appealed to all parties to support Pranab Mukherjee as a presidential candidate...Even after this, if any party or any alliance want to field a candidate, they can do so as this is also a part of democracy.\"He added, \"Pranab Mukhkerjee is sure to become the president of the country. He will have no problem at all (in winning the presidential election),\" expressing a robust confidence in the UPA's numbers.Earlier in the day, Janata Party chief Subramanian Swamy met Sangma and is learnt to have conveyed the NDA's intent to support him. After the meeting, Sangma announced his resignation from NCP, which had warned him of disciplinary action if he contested against Mukherjee.Later in the evening, senior BJP leaders Sushma Swaraj and Jaswant Singh met at NDA chairperson L K Advani's residence. Soon after the meeting, Advani's close aide Sudheendhra Kulkarni, who was part of the discussions, went to Sangma's house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14310172", "title": "Sivasankaran sells IT park for 110 crore", "text": "CHENNAI: In a blockbuster real estate transaction, NRI businessman C Sivasankaran has sold off his Sterling Technopolis IT park in Perungudi on the Old Mahabalipuram road to Chennai-based hardware distribution chain Redington for 110 crore. The real estate market is going through a sedate phase in Chennai with very few large transactions taking place. Located next to Krishnan Tennis Centre, Sterling Technopolis has a built-up area of 2.40 lakh sq feet. HCL Technologies is its only tenant. \"The transaction concluded a few days back. At disclosed rates it works out to 4,600 per square foot which is a very fair rate in this region considering that we are in a tepid market,\" industry sources said. Neither Sivasankaran nor Redington could be contacted for details. Sources said Redington, India's largest distributor of technology products, wants to centralise all operations under one roof. At present, Redington has scattered its activities across half a dozen office spaces in the city. The last big transaction on the IT corridor was when investment firm Xander Group's real estate private equity arm bought 5,70,000 sq ft of office space developed by Appaswamy Builders in Navalur near Chennai for $40 million in April. \"We don't get to see big bought out deals in IT space. Such transactions keep interest levels high and set benchmarks for future deals,\" industry sources said. Located a mile away from Chennai's trophy destination for IT -- Tidel Park, Perungudi is a magnet for IT companies. The rentals for IT space here are between 40 to 45 a square foot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14309494", "title": "If Delhi's PSKs seem bad, just try applying in Kolkata", "text": "A few weeks ago, I started trying to initiate online passport applications for my old parents who live in Kolkata. For almost a month, I logged in daily at 4pm from Noida, but couldn't get an appointment. The passport authority's website did not offer any guidance on the steps to take in the event of failing to book an appointment. Thinking that the problem must lie in Kolkata, I took a few days off to visit my hometown and get my parents' passports made.My father is 80, and my mother 72, so I visited the PSK at Ruby alone. The place was buzzing with touts offering to book appointments for Rs 1,500. I was told they could be relied upon, but I couldn't bring myself to throw so much money. I again went online, reaching a stage where a slot was given, but when I entered the security code the slot was shown booked. Frustrated, I visited the regional passport office (RPO) to complain. I stood an hour in the queue. In the end, the counter clerk told me to forget booking online and apply in person at the RPO. The office , though, did not have any forms. I was guided to buy them outside \u2014 from another agent, of course.I got very angry, after all I was wasting my time away from work and home for what? I demanded a meeting with the regional passport officer, but was not allowed to. The clerk said I could complain to the external affairs ministry, as if the ministry has all the time for routine complaints. The passport authority advertises that applicants should meet the RPO if they have a complaint, but the rule in Kolkata is that the counter clerk determines your eligibility to meet the officer.I showed the clerk a circular about booking online appointments at the RPO office but he told me to forget about it. I was now willing to apply in person, but the experience next day shook my faith in government procedures. I was advised to join the queue at the lone counter. The queue, though, starts forming at night as only about 60 applications are accepted between 10am and 1pm. More agents surfaced to help. For Rs 1,000, I could get a place at the window just before opening, or for Rs 700, a place in the middle two hours before opening time.Trusting my own patience, I joined the queue at 7.30am, behind 70 others. The agents came up with a final offer: the 45th place for Rs 300. I didn't buy it, and made it to the counter by 12 noon. I was turned away. The clerk said my 80-year-old father would have to appear in person, although the passport authority's website states applications accompanied with an authority letter are admissible.There's no way my father can join such a queue at 6am, and spend six or hours standing. The DM office at Alipore offered a last glimmer of hope, as I had heard they accept applications. But I was again turned away on the ground that my post office fell under the jurisdiction of Kolkata Police, not Bengal Police. I gave up the attempt to get passports for my parents and returned home.-Kingshuk Pandit, Noida", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14313421", "title": "Heavy rains may prompt civic body to use Lalur waste dump", "text": "THRISSUR: If it rains heavily, the Corporation authorities will be forced to transport loads of garbage piled up in various corners of the city to the Lalur dumping yard, hinted Thrissur Mayor IP Paul.Talking to TOI after a meeting with the Lalur Malineekarana Virudha Samithi and Lalur Action Council members on Wednesday evening, the mayor said the authorities are trying to find a solution to the waste issue in city in a democratic way. \"The garbage management system is hampered ever since the Lalur residents led by the Lalur Malineekarana Virudha Samithi and Lalur Action Council members blocked vehicles carrying waste to the dump yard, five months ago. The corporation has been successful to a great extent to manage the waste till now. However, the situation will be worsened if the city receives spells of rain, which will open way for outbreak of vector-borne diseases. If the agitators are reluctant to cooperate, then we will have to take a stern decision,\" said IP Paul.In the meeting, however, the agitators made it clear that they will not allow any garbage vehicle to enter Lalur dumping yard unless at least two decentralised waste management programmes comes up in city. The action council members pointed out that the corporation had announced six decentralised waste management plants in various parts of the city to reduce the waste burden on Lalur, however no plants has been started yet.To this, the Mayor replied that the Corporation has already started many decentralised programmes including distributing pipe compost units to independent houses, biogas plants to flat complexes and starting work of five biogas plants to address waste produced by shops, vegetable markets and hotels. \"With the Corporation starting many decentralized waste management programmes including pipe compost, biogas plant etc., Samithi members are supposed to support the Corporation. We assured them that only biologically degrading waste will be dumped at Lalur, but they are reluctant,\" said IP Paul.At the same time, the agitator told mediapersons that they are ready to cooperate with the Corporation if the authorities implement decentralised waste management programme effectively. \"All the decentralised waste management programmes will be stopped if we allow authorities to dump waste at Lalur now,\" said TK Vasu, Samara Samithi chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14308589", "title": "Electronic vehicle count can curb graft", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as transport experts allege over-collection of toll by hiding the vehicle count and the period of collection, the Toll collectors said the toll period as well as the amount were decided by the state assembly and the judiciary. The whole process is transparent.Transport experts said electronic counting of vehicles through CCTVs can curb corruption in toll collection. Pointing out that the vehicle count at present is conducted manually, transport analyst Jagdeep Desai said, \"There is scope for manipulation and corruption. In the present system, bidders pay money to the government based on the manual vehicle count. Neither of them find it necessary to keep track of the vehicle count and the toll collection. Operators make huge profits and forget all about their responsibility to maintain the road.\"Vehicle count forms the basis for awarding contractors to private players for toll collection.Senior transport expert Ashok Datar said, \" there are also chances of projects based on such counts getting financially unfeasible.Exact count of traffic growth pattern is essential. The MNS drive will expose the wrong counting done by the government in the past.\"Toll collectors, however, said the toll collection process is transparent and was sanctioned by the state government. Jayant Mhasikar of Mumbai Entry Point Toll Ltd said, \"the state government, the high court and the Supreme Court decided on the toll levy pattern in 2000.itself the while hearing several petitions objecting toll collection process.The period of toll collection, location of toll posts, the process of increasing tariff and vehicle count based on which the infrastructure projects are builtwere approved by the government and the judiciary. As far as five toll posts on the fringes of the city are concerned, our contract is valid till 2026,\" said Mhaiskar. -Chittaranjan TembhekarAccording to him in case of monthly passes the toll operators do not get the toll charge for multiple trips by the pass holders. \"Similarly the shifting of traffic to other roads, less growth in number of vehicles than expected, declining rate of interest and depreciation in rupee are the factors which in fact adversly affect the feasibility of such projects,\" he said pointing out that the process of vehicle count is conducted transparently and fairly by the government authorities.He said other than Airoli and Bandra-Worli Sea link, where electronic counting of vehicles is already going on, the toll posts at Vashi, Mulund, Dahisar and LBS will get the CCTV monitoring and counting very soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14311620", "title": "Himachal Pradesh University boys face problems as hostels remain shut", "text": "SHIMLA: Six days have passed and nearly 1,000-1,100 hostellers of the seven boys' hostels in Himachal Pradesh University (HPU) have had no relief yet as university authorities had ordered the closure of all boys' hostels here since June 14, following clashes between Student Federation of India (SFI) and Akhil Bhartiya Vidya Parishad (ABVP) activists on June 12 night.Students are forced to stay in tents and prepare for exams in the open. During night, they have to study under candle light or the lights of ATM booths, due to lack of electricity and defunct street lights outside the arts block. Girl hostellers have however come forward to lend a helping hand to the boys by providing them food in the wake of closure of boys' hostels and hostel mess there.Anjali of Renuka Girls' Hostel and Ruchika of Manikaran Girls' Hostel said, \"It is time for us to stand united with our fellow mates and we have decided to provide the boys a meal at least one time. In the mornings, a few girls are taking an extra diet in their name from the mess to serve it to the boys.\"Anil Sharma, a student said, \"We are facing different problems due to closure of hostels. Boys have been forced to stay in the open and books, clothes as well as roll number slips of some are in the hostels. The girls have been a great assistance as they are helping us with notes for exams, books and getting food for us in the mornings from their hostels as an additional diet, which costs them Rs 15 extra per meal, compared to their usual food bill.\"Praveen Chauhan, another student, said, \"Some boys are being accommodated by friends in paying guest accommodation. We cannot leave for home either as exams are going on. Some of us had to get duplicate roll number slips from the offices. We are also pooling in money for a collective kitchen where food is prepared for nearly 450-500 students every evening. Local residents of Summer Hill near HPU too have lent a helping hand as they are providing the boys with food and other daily necessary things, including water.\"Activists of both ABVP and SFI have been protesting the authorities' move as exams are going on till July 9 and students have been evicted from the hostels. ABVP has carried out a signature campaign against the action and SFI students have also been staging protests against the decision. On Monday, SFI students had burned the effigies of the VC in HPU campus and at Kotshera College.Meanwhile, VC of HPU, A D N Bajpai, stated that the step to close the hostels had been taken to maintain law and order in the university and provide a peaceful environment to scholars as well students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14309255", "title": "Delhi University admissions: Cutoffs touch new peaks in Stephen's, maximum for English, Economics", "text": "NEW DELHI: The first college cutoffs for this year are in, and they're bad news for most admission seekers. St Stephen's College on Wednesday announced a 98% cutoff for commerce stream aspirants to the BA English (honours) course. That's also the highest among all cutoffs for the college this year, followed by 97.75% for economics.Barring Sanskrit, the cutoffs have been increased for all other undergraduate courses in the college, with each of them touching a new high this year. The biggest jump has been for philosophy (honours), where the cutoff for science students has been hiked to 91% from 84% in 2011. For humanities students, it has been raised to 89.5% from 83% in 2011.While BA English (honours) recorded the highest cutoff, ranging from 95.25% to 98%, the economics (honours) cutoffs ranged from 96.75% to 97.75%. Humanities students too will face far higher cutoffs this year, ranging from 0.75 to 6.5 percentage points. The only course to have not hiked its cutoff is Sanskrit (honours), which retained last year's cutoff of 65%.\"Commerce students tend to score high, but even humanities students are scoring pretty high marks which has been reflected in the cutoff this year. While going through the application on a random basis, we found a large number of students scoring 97% or 98% in humanities,\" said the tutor of admissions, K M Mathew.There is no relief in the science courses either. Barring a marginal increase in physics (honours), the rest of them have seen hikes of 1 to 3 percentage points, with BSc (honours) in mathematics recording a cutoff of 96.25%.There are a total of 420 seats for which the college has received over 22,000 applications - 15,000 online applications and 7,000 physical applications. The highlight of the pre-admission registration process this year has been the significant increase in the number of applicants scoring 97% and above in their best of four subjects (including one language).Based on the cutoffs the college will shortlist students for the next phase of the admission process, the interview. The names of the shortlisted candidates will be announced on Friday afternoon.According to the 2012-13 admission policy, the college will not give weightage to Class X scores. Otherwise, the college is going to continue with most of the reforms introduced in 2010-11, including that of keeping the merit differential between any reserved and general category at a maximum of 15%.Final admissions will be based on the interview which has been given 15% weightage and Class XII marks, which have 85% weightage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14307680", "title": "Four unpaid 104 ambulance staff driven to suicide", "text": "HYDERABAD: In what could be an alarming trend, four employees of 104 ambulance service have committed suicide in the last 10 days in various parts of the state worried over mounting debts and non-payment of salaries. An employee, Telluri Lakshmana Rao, hanged himself to the ceiling fan in his house at Singarayapalem in Konijerla mandal of Khammam district on Wednesday, anguished over mounting debts.In a suicide note, Rao said he was forced to take the extreme step as he had not received his salary for the last seven months. He was working as a pharmacist in 104 for the past four years. Irate employees staged a rasta roko on Wyra-Khammam road for over two hours demanding compensation for the family of the deceased. Traffic was brought to a grinding halt because of the road blockade.Two days back, a data entry operator of 104 from Mahbubnagar committed suicide by consuming pesticide. \"A young data entry operator ended his life in Karimnagar a few days ago as he was not getting salary for the last five months,\" S Kanakarao, a contract worker, said. Kanchari Lakshminarayana consumed pesticide at Gollivalasa in Srikakulam's Polaki mandal as the authorities did not pay his salaries for the last few months. Narayana had been working in 104 ambulance service for the last three years in Kotabommali mandal.The distressed employees warned that more workers could resort to suicides if the government did not step in solve their problems. \"If the government does not respond immediately, we will go on strike in pursuit of our long-pending demands,\" Bhupal of medical and health employees union said. Sources said the contract employees would go on strike from June 24 if their salaries were not paid by then.YSR Congress leader Janakprasad lambasted government for failing to come to the rescue of the aggrieved workers. \"The service was the brainchild of YSR and the Congress government is out to destroy a good welfare scheme by not releasing salaries in time for the employees,\" he complained.Nearly 3,000 field staff of Health Management and Research Institute (HMRI), comprising pharmacists, computer operators, lab technicians and drivers went on a flash strike demanding better pay scales as per recommendations of pay revision commission, job security and regularization of their services. These employees get a salary of Rs 8,000-10,000. \"If we are not paid even the meagre salaries, how do authorities expect us to make both ends meet. We have been left to fend for ourselves,\" rued Lakshman Rao of Addanki. After the talks between government and representatives of HMRI, which operates 104 service, failed the 3,000 staff were removed. Following strikes, 2,400 employees have been taken back but their salaries were yet to be paid. Meanwhile, senior medical and health officials said salaries to the 104 employees would be streamlined from June 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14309898", "title": "Maruti ancillary unit in Mohammadpur Khandsa gutted", "text": "GURGAON: A factory that supplies parts to carmaker Maruti Suzuki was gutted in a major fire in Mohammadpur Khandsa here on Wednesday morning. However, no one was injured in the incident. The factory, \"Trim India Pvt Ltd, an ancillary unit of Maruti Suzuki India Ltd , who supplied door trims, luggage floor carpets, plastic and other parts to the carmaker company. More than 20 fire tenders were pressed into service and efforts were on to douse the flames for several hours. The cause of the fire could not be ascertained, said a fire officer. The fire at Trim India started around 2am and spread rapidly. The news reached the fire department officials after some company employees saw smoke billowing out of the building. A firefighting team led by fire officer Mahender Bhardwaj reached the factory after getting the information. The fire was put out in about six to seven hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14309369", "title": "Wait, bribe, and settle down for another wait", "text": "In January, I got my passport is sued in Delhi within five days. No hassles, no standing in line. Please do not ask me how. You know how. You just have to know someone. I knew someone, who knew someone. We have the most wonderful and helpful system in the world. -Sushil Verma, KolkataMy mother's passport was held up for six months just for photographs. We were never informed that the photographs were missing. It only came to my knowledge when I confronted the Delhi regional passport officer and sat in his office demanding immediate issuance of my passport. I was lucky to receive my passport the next day through the office superintendent who came personally to handover the document. -Sanjeet Teri, DelhiI applied for a passport on April 4, 2011, exactly a week after my mother and brother. Everybody, from the vigilance officer to the police official, took Rs 500 for their endorsements, but my passport hasn't materialised. I have lived in the same house since March 2009, yet I was told to submit a PPF form, which is required only if the applicant has stayed at an address for less than a year. I have sought information under RTI thrice, but the passport office maintains it does not have my PPF forms. The police in their reply to my RTI query clearly state that the passport office can issue me a passport. I tried showing the entire string of RTIs to the passport officer in Ghaziabad but he refused to go through it, was rude and told me to never visit him again. -Pankaj Adhikari, GhaziabadI got my passport after 18 months only when I lost my cool after having to stand in a queue seven times. Meanwhile, the passport of my wife Sudha Goel is still under process after six months. Reason: \"Police verificatio completed on 26 March 2012. Your passport will be dispatched after 'clear' police report is received at regional passport office\". It could take forever for a 'clear' police verification report. -RB GoelIt present, appointments are given for only the next couple of work days. The authority should open slots for the next 10 to 20 days. Applicants will be happy to get an appointment after 20 days, rather than having to log in for appointment day after day without expecting anything. -Hardik, BangaloreI couldn't get a passport for my daughter in India, even though she had a passport and had been to the US. They insisted on an affidavit from the Indian consulate in the US to grant the passport, and it takes forever to get the proofs that go along with the affidavits and passport. It's an impractical passport application procedure. The police verification is nothing but a way to milk applicants. -Ashok, USI have a few suggestions to make the passport system better. If there are more applicants than the sanctioned limit, increase the counters or open more PSKs. With TCS doing the front-office job, this should be possible without much hassle. More than this, the police verification process needs to be streamlined. Point of attention: the department's internal communication still makes use of traditional methods (sending through post only). Unless all the agencies part of the passport mechanism are electronically connected, PSKs will be of no use. -Srinivasan, ChennaiFor online applicants, the passport authority should accept and scrutinize soft copies of documents at the time of giving appointment. Anyone who has applied once should not need to register again. If the applicant is Indian by birth, having a school certificate, ration card and documents, these should be accepted. -Suresh, ChennaiWhen I visited the ITO office for my son's passport, I found that things could not be worse. In the last few years, I have visited the Delhi passport office on several occasions but the behaviour of the staff was never as rude as I witnessed today. They were almost abusive towards most applicants, particularly the poorer ones, many of whom were in tears. The TCS staff is as rude as the MEA staff. To top it all, they ask you to fill a feedback/suggestions slip before handing over the receipt of your completed application. -Gaurav, Delhi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14307518", "title": "Team India's preparations on for ICC U-19 World Cup", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Under-19 World Cup will definitely be the biggest prize on offer for the junior Indian cricketers. With the tournament scheduled to take place in Australia in August this year, the Indian team's preparations with begin with the Asia Cup starting on June 23 in Malaysia.The team, which leaves for Kuala Lumpur on Thursday, has logged back-to-back quadrangular series wins in India and Australia recently. \"We have played against most teams in the quadrangular tournaments. The Asia Cup gives us the opportunity to look at Pakistan and Bangladesh now. It is a great build-up to the World Cup which will always be at the back of our minds. The objective will be to adjust to different conditions having already played in Australia,\" coach Bharathi Arun told TOI from Bangalore.The team has been training at the National Cricket Academy in Bangalore for the last eight days. With few changes from the squad that last played in Australia in April, the core seems to be settled for the World Cup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14307425", "title": "Fasal murder: Allegation against Kodiyeri dismissed", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Wednesday dismissed the allegations made by the wife of murdered NDF worker Fasal that CBI succumbed to CPM's threats and is not probing the role of former home minister Kodiyeri Balakrishnan. Fasal, a CPM activist, had ditched the party to join NDF. He was hacked to death by motorcycle-borne assailants on October 22, 2006 at Muzhuppilangad near Thalassery.Advocate Sunny Mathew, who appeared for Fasal's wife Mariyu, argued that a big conspiracy involving Kodiyeri came out during interrogation of CPM's local leaders but CBI withdrew from questioning him, the former home minister after CPM conducted a dharna in front of CBI's office.Dismissing the petition, justice S S Satheesachandran ruled that the petitioner's apprehension can't be acted upon and CBI must be given space to conduct the probe. and form its own conclusions.The court also ruled that there is no reason to hold, at this stage, that CBI will yield to pressure and scuttle the probe. It also said there is no need for a court-monitored probe. as CBI's probe is with due diligence.Last week, CBI submitted a chargesheet in the case, which had CPM's former district secretariat member Karayi Rajan and Thiruvangad local committee secretary Karayi Chandrasekharan as masterminds of the murder and 'Kodi' Suni as the prime accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14309984", "title": "Roadblock makes wax museum lose visitors", "text": "LUDHIANA: Chander Shekhar Prabhakar, popular in the city for his wax museum in Bhattian village that have about 50 statues including Mahatma Gandhi and Sachin Tendulkar's, is a dejected man these days. Hardly any people visit his museum because the forest department has closed the road through the parking lot of Tiger Safari, which was a shorter route to the museum.\"I built the wax museum with a lot of hard work and did not ask for any government help. The road through the tiger safari's parking area was easily accessible so the number of visitors was increasing by the day. Unfortunately the forest department blocked this shorter route in April. Since then the number of visitors is down to only about 20% of what it used to be earlier since the other road via National Highway 1 is a long way around,\" said 66-year-old Prabhakar. The artist said he had approached the district administration and forest department to help him but nothing changed.District forest officer, Naresh Mahajan said, \"Tiger safari area is a reserve forest area and the flow of visitors coming day and night had become a nuisance. It is the Supreme Court's orders that the reserve forest area cannot be used for any other purpose. We have nothing against any artist but we are duty bound.\"Yet, Prabhakar, who was inspired by Madame Tussauds wax museum in London and set up his own in 2004, has resolved to not give up. \"I started my journey as an artist and the first wax statue I created was of Mahatma Gandhi. Even though the way I am being treated is really painful, I will never give up but will keep making more statues,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14307771", "title": "Educational bandh takes violent turn", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state-wide educational bandh called by students' unions to protest against the non-implementation of Right to Education Act (RTE) and other academic woes was marked by minor incidents of violence on Wednesday when some student groups tried forcing schools shut.Schools in areas including Nacharam, Basheerbagh, Koti, Masab Tank and Malkajgiri were forced to close their gates when, at around 9am, protestors massed on the streets shouting slogans against the school education department. Students' unions also staged protests in front of the directorate of school education.The recognized school managements' association, which has a membership of about 3,000 school managements, had decided to keep their institutions open on Wednesday. Students' unions, including All India Youth Federation (AIYF) and Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), had called the bandh citing poor supply of government books and lack of proper facilities in government schools, fee hike in private schools and laxity in the implementation of the reservation of 25% of the seats in private schools for disadvantaged students.Stray incidents of tension occurred in some parts of the city as ABVP activists vandalised Srinidhareenyam, a private school in Nacharam. The school's furniture was damaged by the activists after the management refused to keep their gates open on Wednesday.The tension was, however, contained as police arrested the agitators. Condemning the violence, private school managements said that neither would they support any bandh calls in the future as it was bound to derail the academic calendar.The schools have also decided to move court seeking an order banning educational bandhs in the state. \"For the last three years, schools have been missing at least 20 to 30 working days to bandhs and agitations. If this continues, the quality of education in AP schools will decline drastically,\" said representatives of the school managements' association.Last year, in the Telangana region alone, a total of 40 working days were lost to bandh calls given by different political parties and students' unions. School managements said that state and central board schools in Jubilee Hills and Banjara Hills areas were not affected by the bandh.Responding to the demands of student unions, school education department officials said that textbooks were available in most schools in the state, adding that any shortcomings would be rectified within a period of three weeks. Officials also said that the implementation of the RTE Act is also progressing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14307912", "title": "Common Admission Process documents confusion leaves students fuming", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the deadline for submitting forms for the bifocal faculty under the Common Admission Process (CAP) was extended to June 23, students are fuming because of lack of clarity in document submission process. This year only the science faculty is part of CAP which is further divided into general science and bifocal.The confusion over documents happened because the school leaving certificate (SLC) has to be attached to the form during submission. Vivek Deshpande, a parent said, \"No state board school has issued the SLC yet because the original mark sheets are yet to arrive. The originals will come on Friday which basically means that students cannot submit the forms till then? After standing in the queue for one hour, I was told that if the SLC is not available then the birth certificate should have been attached. Ultimately my form was not accepted and now I have to stand again to submit just one document.\"PP Nikas, secretary of the CAP committee, said, \"First of all, the deadline for bifocal faculty form submission has been extended till Saturday and the original mark sheets will arrive on Friday itself. Secondly, we have put up a notice at the form distribution centres mentioning that instead of SLC, applicants can submit their birth certificates.\"Nikas added that similar notices were put up at form submission centres as well but when informed that there were none at the place from where he himself was managing the operations (Dhanwatey National College), he said, \"We had put up a notice but it seems someone has torn it.\"Mannish Pahade, a student's relative who was present at DNC, said, \"I am not aware that we have to bring the birth certificate instead of SLC. Also, I just came to know that the date for form submission has been extended to June 23.\"Another applicant Ramakant Pandey, said, \"I am well aware of how any government system works hence I brought almost every document right from birth, residence and academic proof. I suggest that all students should follow this practice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14310216", "title": "Gang smuggles explosives from city for quarrying in Andaman", "text": "CHENNAI: Investigators of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands police say there is a strong Chennai connection to the smuggling of explosives to the Bay of Bengal archipelago. The explosives, they said, are being sourced from Chennai and Vellore and sent to the islands in barrels that the smugglers claimed contained grease. The explosive chemical ammonium nitrate, gelatin sticks and detonators were used in illegal quarrying operations in the Andamans, a high seismic risk area. \"The gang successfully smuggled 13 consignments to the islands but was caught by Andaman police teams during the next operation,\" South Andaman Island superintendent of police S B S Tyagi said. Andaman central crime police station house officer Girish Kumar said police teams, acting on a tip-off, conducted raids on a vessel that had berthed at Port Blair in June last year. \"We found three blue plastic drums inside a container. When we opened them, we discovered that they were filled with more than 6,000 gelatin sticks and as many as 2,600 electronic detonators. The smugglers claimed at the customs that the barrels contained grease,\" he said. \"We also recovered 10,000kg of ammonium nitrate in several gunny bags that had been declared as salt bags.\" Police arrested 19 people, including the mastermind of the gang, and suppliers of explosives in Chennai in June and July last year. The Andamans police have launched a hunt for Chennai-based businessman M Sadasivam, who runs a private shipping agency on Portuguese Street in Mannadi. \"We have named Sadasivam a proclaimed offender,\" S P Tyagi said. \"He controlled the cartel from Chennai and other cities in Tamil Nadu. His father Muthuraja, the owner of the shipping agency, was arrested by a police team in the Andamans last year.\" Smugglers continue to ferry ammonium nitrate to the Andamans. Officers from the Andamans on June 21 confiscated a consignment from Chennai of 10,000 kg of ammonium nitrate, 2,468 gelatin sticks and 6,000 detonators. Over the following week investigators arrested seven people including the kingpin of the racket, Abbas Mandiri, 55, from Sivaganga.After last year's bust, police discovered that the gang had smuggled more than 1.3 lakh kg of ammonium nitrate, electronic detonators and gelatin sticks. One of the accused smugglers, Abbas Manthry, 50, who was arrested by the Andamans police on June 29, 2011, has been brought to Chennai and admitted to Apollo Hospital with a heart problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14310021", "title": "Board may approve new Metro routes on June 29", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has received the modified detailed project reports for the two proposed Metro routes from DMRC and is getting ready to seek the approval of its board for the projects. The Authority CEO has directed engineers to finalize the reports within the next 2-3 days for presentation to the board members on June 29. In a review meeting held on Tuesday, Sanjiv Saran, Noida Authority CEO, instructed officials to fast track the work. \"Once the amended plans are finalized by the board, we will send it to the state government for the final nod. After that an MoU will be signed and construction will start,\" Saran said. \"All department heads have been instructed to study the suggested amendments in the respective routes and give their clearances,\" he added. The traffic and infrastructure consultants, Rites, have also been directed to complete their study of the traffic movement along the proposed lines and modify the Metro route alignments, if required, before the board meeting. \"The idea is to keep the traffic moving along the entire proposed Metro routes and to decongest any bottlenecks,\" Saran said. Once the Botanical Garden-Kalindi Kunj route, expected to be complete by 2016, is okayed and completed, commuters will no longer have to travel to the Rajiv Chowk to connect to line 2 (Huda City Centre to Jehangirpuri) as the Phase-III extension line will form a ringed route. The second line will connect Sectors 32, 34, 35, Hoshiarpur, Sectors 51, 52, 71, Greater Noida Extension Marg, Sarfabad, Sectors 60, 61, 62, 63 and NH-24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14311387", "title": "Teens who argue back handle peer pressure better", "text": "LONDON: Does your child have a tendency to argue? Don't worry, it's good for them, as a new study has found that those who regularly fight verbally with their parents cope better with peer pressure and are less likely to turn to drug abuse or alcohol.They are also more skilled negotiators and can \"learn to be taken more seriously\" after some verbal jousting with their elders, researchers from the University of Virginia have found. The researchers concluded that parents should consider actively starting rows with their teenagers just to hone their youngsters' skills \u2014 even if it does result in an ear-bashing in the short term, the Daily Mail reported.In the study, the scientists observed and made audio and video recordings of 150 13-year-olds arguing with their mothers. They then quizzed the teenagers three years later about their lives and experiences with drugs and alcohol.Teenagers who displayed confidence and used reason to back up their statements in the arguments were more likely to have refused both, the researchers found. Lead researcher Joseph Allen, a psychology professor, said the connection between resisting peer pressure and a teenager's ability to argue was \"surprising\" . He added, \"It turns out that what goes on in the family is actually a training ground for teens in terms of how to negotiate with other people.\"Joanna Chango, a clinical psychology graduate working on the study, said that although it seemed \"counterintuitive\" to tell parents to let their teens argue with them, it was worth considering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14310310", "title": "Delay in school material distribution will be probed: Mayor", "text": "PUNE: Mayor Vaishali Bankar on Wednesday said she will order an inquiry into the delay in procurement and distribution of educational material such as uniforms, notebooks and stationery to students of schools run by Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).\"I was first told that the educational material was ready for distribution. Now the officials are saying that the material would be made available by August. I will order an inquiry in the matter,\" Bankar said while addressing a news conference.Refuting the allegations of the political parties blaming the mayor for the delay in purchases, Bankar said all parties were consulted about the procurement and distribution. \"The decision about who (the civic administration or the municipal school board) should have the right of procurement was taken at the all party meeting. So I cannot be blamed for the delay.\"Nearly 80,000 civic school students started the academic year on June 15 without new uniforms or writing material.The delayed procurement process has put off the allotment of uniforms and study material by two months. The tender process usually begins in March or April so that students can get their educational material by June 15, when the schools reopen. The procurement process takes three months to complete. This year, the process started in June, so students will get their educational material only in September.PMC runs 294 schools in the city with Marathi, Urdu and English as mediums of instruction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14309250", "title": "Dissidents will take a wedding break", "text": "BANGALORE: Dissidence in state BJP may be put on hold for a week as the party MLAs want to celebrate the wedding of party national president Nitin Gadkari's son in Nagpur on June 24.Gadkari's youngest son Sarang Gadkari, who takes care of his father's business, will marry Madhura Rori. A reception will be held in New Delhi on July 2. His elder son Nikhil got married in Nagpur in December 2010.Going by the turnout for Nikhil's wedding, where one lakh guests attended, this too would be a grand affair. Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa, who is close to the president, is expected to attend the function, depending on the outcome of the court's verdict on his anticipatory bail.The Yeddyurappa camp, which is on an oust-DVS mission, has been asking the chief minister to convene legislature party meeting so that they can formally elect a new leader. They have set a three-day deadline to Gowda to convene the meeting.They had plans to take the complaint to the central leadership in Delhi. But rebel camp cancelled the visit to Delhi stating Gadkari and Arun Jaitley had telephoned Yeddyurappa and assured them that the party would take an appropriate decision at the appropriate time. Sources in the camp said Gadkari has sought time to look into Karnataka affairs till his son's wedding is over.No meeting for a few individualsThe rebel camp is projecting rural development and panchayat raj (RDPR) Jagadish Shettar, another Lingayat strongman, to replace Gowda. Majority of the legislators in the ruling BJP believe that the party came to power with the strong backing from Lingayat community. MLAs belonging to other communities in North Karnataka are of the opinion that they have better chance of winning election with a Lingayat as CM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14309135", "title": "Government employees fast for better wages", "text": "COIMBATORE: Government employees from four districts in western region participated in a day long fast conducted by the Tamil Nadu Government Employees Association, demanding better wages and the filling in of existing vacancies in all departments, in front of Hotel Tamil Nadu near Gandhipuram in the city on Wednesday. More than 500 employees from the four districts of Coimbatore, Tirpur, Erode and Nilgiris participated in the fast and expressed that the state government should immediately accept the 20 demand charter.There are over 5000 vacancies in various departments in Coimbatore alone, which affects the available officials, who are overburdened with work, said S Chandran, president, Tamil Nadu Government Employees Association. The vacancies have overburdened workers who have been under severe stress and pressure.\"We demand that the government immediately fills all vacancies. Both the previous and present government have taken no major steps to ensure that the vacancies are filled, which is creating many hardships,\" he said. He further demanded that the government should reduce the wage disparity and match their wages with benefits given to the central government, which is based on the seventh pay commission.While central government employees enjoy benefits like transport and education allowances, the state has not yet implemented the same benefits here, Chandran said. In case of pension too there is disparity. The minimum pension fixed for central government employees is 3500, while the state employee is paid Rs 450 less than their counterparts at the centre.The other key issue was time scale pay instead of consolidated pay to noon meal and anganwadi workers. The government should discuss all these issues with the association as it has to be sorted out. Some issues are of prime importance and concern the welfare of employees and their families. The association has decided to protest in front of the secretariate in July if the government refuses to acknowledge their demands, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14307270", "title": "Rajan 'aides' rob shop-owner of Rs81K", "text": "MUMBAI: Four men, reportedly armed with revolvers and a knife, barged into Friend N Club shop in Chembur and fled with cash, a mobile and gold ornaments totally worth Rs 81,000 on Tuesday afternoon. The four, reportedly Chhota Rajan aides, looted the shop-owner, Satyanarayan Singh Rajan, and fled towards Kurla, the Chembur police said.The accused, aged 22 to 25, walked into the shop, pointed the weapons at Singh, and demanded that he pay them Rs 1 lakh as protection fees, around 2.30pm. \"When Singh told them he was an employee, one of them hit him on his shoulder with the gun and took off his gold chain and rings. While leaving they asked for the owner. Singh told them that he was on his way and requested them to take a seat, but they left,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone VI) Manoj Lohiya.Singh, who was alone in the shop at the time, said in his complaint, \"The robbers said at gunpoint that they belonged to the Chhota Rajan gang and demanded money. When I replied that I was a poor man, they pointed the weapons at me and ordered me to hand over my cash, gold chain, gold rings and mobile.\"A police officer said the accused were criminals but were not from the locality. \"Based on Singh's description, we are preparing sketches of the accused and are also going through the database,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14311197", "title": "Bhagwat's statement brings relief to state BJP", "text": "PATNA: The reaction of RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat that Bihar CM Nitish Kumar has made the statement on secular prime ministerial candidate to keep his vote bank intact, has come as a huge relief to the Bihar BJP. Nitish had demanded that the NDA's candidate for the post of PM be not only \"secular\" but his or her name also be announced in advance, much before the 2014 parliamentary elections.Indeed, much against the hype and expectations, the top brass of state BJP met at the official residence of deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi on Wednesday evening. They came out with nothing on the controversy, even as the in-camera marathon conclave lasted for around three hours.Pouring cold water on the hype, a senior minister said the leaders discussed the party's membership drive and the June 22 protest march to the Raj Bhavan against the worsening economy of the country. The party's former president, Rajnath Singh , and chief national spokesman Ravishankar Prasad would also take part in the march. \"Nothing else was discussed,\" he said.BJP ministers in the Nitish Kumar-led government and majority of the party's state core committee members, along with Modi, party's state chief Dr C P Thakur, state general secretary (organization) Nagendra, road construction minister Nand Kishore Yadav , health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey and BJP's state general secretary Mangal Pandey (MLC) attended the meeting.However, the BJP leadership has not been seamless. Animal husbandry and fisheries minister Giriraj Singh, who did not take part in the state cabinet meeting chaired by CM Nitish on Tuesday, was also absent from Wednesday meeting on the ground of health and other engagements. Earlier on the day, he had even threatened to resign over his stand on Narendra Modi.According to observers, within the ministerial group, Singh had always remained vocal on critical issues bordering on veiled criticism of the state government. He had his reservations on the bataidari (sharecroppers) bill issue during the first term of the Nitish government.Considered a pro-Narendra Modi hawk in the state BJP, Giriraj, in the context of the present controversy, has not only clarified his diehard support for the Gujarat CM, but also made it more than crystal clear, as he said that Narendra Modi did not need a certificate on secularism from anyone, and that he was also a sensitive leader. Whether he would now take two steps backward after taking one step forward could be anybody's guess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14314863", "title": "Sony Music bags Surya's Maatraan audio rights", "text": "Sony Music has grabbed the audio rights of Suriya and Kajal Agarwal starrer Maatraan being composed by Harris Jayraj.Director KV Anand has wielded the megaphone for this action thriller Maatraan that showcases Suriya in the dual roles, one with a grey shade. Makers are planning to launch the audio on 22nd of this July that will be aired by Sony Music. It is being reported that Sony Music has bagged the audio rights for a fancy price that is almost equal to Gautham Menon's NEP audio composed by Isaignani Ilayaraja.Eros International will be distributing Suriya's Maatraan that is being produced by Kalpathi S. Agoram. S. Sounder Rajan has cranked the camera for Maatraan while special effects are by Stan Winston Studios and editing will be handled by Anthony.Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14311055", "title": "Civic body\u2019s general body meeting adjourned", "text": "NASHIK: The general body meeting (GBM) of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) was adjourned on Wednesday, within half an hour of its commencement, to pay homage to prominent personalities who died during last month. The next GBM is now set to be held on Thursday.The GBM was adjourned after paying condolence to Late Kamalatai Dhikale, wife of MNS MLA Uttamrao Dhikle and mother of NMC Corporator Rahul Dhikale. Tributes were also paid to the late Hausabai Mahale, mother of MLA Dhanraj Mahale, Late Manohar Gavaskar, father of former cricketer Sunil Gavaskar and spiritual leader and social reformer Wamanrao Pai.As the adjournment was anticipated, only 50% corporators were present for the meet.Corporator Dinkar Patil urged the city mayor Yatin Wagh to hold discussions on the issue of water cut in the city. He also alleged that even his Prabhang no. 17 in the Satpur division is not receiving any water . Mayor Yatin Wagh, however, immediately made an announcement of adjournment of the House.\"The NMC officials are responsible for the situation of water cut the Nashikites are facing today. Though NMC has announced one-time water supply, but we are not getting it even once, as scheduled. The water was supplied once in the morning on Tuesday, but was not released today (Wednesday) morning. Even I did not get water in the morning at my house,\" corporator Dinkar Patil told TOIA visit to different parts of Satpur division, however, revealed that his allegations were highly exaggerated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14308582", "title": "Joshi poster war hits BJP-ruled Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: BJP's poster war targeting Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi which started in New Delhi and Rajkot, is far from over. Two days after Modi's bete noire Sanjay Joshi issued a written appeal to his supporters against hitting out at party leadership with posters, the campaign seems to have reached BJP-ruled Madhya Pradesh.On Wednesday morning, the state BJP headquarters here was shocked to find a Joshi poster right outside its gates. Thereafter, the party office phones started ringing with reports of Joshi posters up in various parts of the state capital.Small billboards displayed the posters outside the chief minister's official residence, the state public relations department office, on the posh Link Road, which houses the official residences of at least a dozen cabinet ministers, market places and thoroughfares.Party workers were rushed to the spots where the posters had been sighted. District administration was asked to take appropriate damage control measures and the Bhopal Municipal Corporation was called in. Within the next two hours the bill boards were pulled down. Speaking to TOI, state BJP president Prabhat Jha said: \"BJP has nothing to do the posters. Neither is it the doing of our workers. The party is not part of this defamation exercise and will not be affected by it.''Dozens of posters with Joshi's picture put-up in Bhopal questioned the very ideology of the party.The state unit of the party came into sharp focus soon after Joshi's ouster from the national executive on May 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14311024", "title": "I-T dept finds no merit in fixing claims against IPL players", "text": "NEW DELHI: The income tax department's Directorate of Criminal Investigation has concluded that there is no substance to match-fixing allegations leveled against some IPL players by a TV channel and hinted at possible tampering of the tapes that were broadcast.A senior I-T department official said questioning of IPL players revealed that the fixing claims were based on edited tapes and vital portions were not broadcast.Four cricketers, who were questioned, told the probe team that they were put hypothetical questions and their responses were edited and shown. The I-T department team did not feel the need to get the tapes forensically examined.Meanwhile, the I-T department is likely to question Kashmiri model Sahil Peerzada this week in Mumbai in a suspected disproportionate income case. Peerzada was involved in a brawl with a Royal Challengers Bangalore player in Delhi.Sources said the I-T department had carried out a fact-finding probe on the claims made by Peerzada that he had a carpet export business which supported his high-flying lifestyle. He may be questioned on his source of income and wealth claim he had made in some TV interviews.The I-T department suspects Peerzada's involvement with some cricket administrators and politicians and believes that he acts as their front in IPL affairs.Sports minister Ajay Maken had earlier demanded a probe into IPL affairs and the alleged role of black money in the cricket extravaganza. Maken had sought a probe by the I-T department and Enforcement Directorate as he said there could be possibility of players being paid through illegal channels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "miami", "code": "14307418", "title": "NBA Finals: Miami Heat smother Thunder in Game 4", "text": "MIAMI: Miami Heat finally turned the corner. A 104-98 win Tuesday night in Game Four has set the tongues wagging: This is the season of Heat.Game Two and Game Three were handed on a platter to Miami by the novices of Oklahoma. Game Four, Heat finally earned their spur.Miami finally won a game in which they built victory by their own hands. A 33-19 deficit after the first quarter was slowly and surely wiped out by a Miami defence that had to work its way out of trouble.In many ways, it put doubters to rest. Miami were down 19-33 after the first quarter, they brought it down to three points at half time, closed the third quarter with a four-point advantage (79-75) and finally sealed their stamp of approval with a 104-98 victory over Oklahoma.It was a victory built out of ruins. Their offence lay in shambles and Oklahoma were running them ragged in defence too.At one stage, Miami were down by 17 points before their rebuilding process began. Their outside shooting was in the dumps and Oklahoma defended well in the paint to deny Miami any chance. OKC bolted the door.Miami's three-point attempts were down to 20 per cent. But it pitchforked to 38 in the second quarter as Miami increased pressure on OKC's offence and scored 24 from the paint. But the telling stat for Miami was a 16-2 run that helped them improve from 19-33 down to 35-all before OKC closed the half at 49-46.If this was a long-distance race, then OKC had already done their front running and Miami had matched them surge for surge. Now it was time for Miami to take over in the second half.But, like seasoned boxers, both Miami and OKC threw jabs at each other, waiting for the other to make a move.OKC, whose defence was on a hustle, finally became the hunted one. Miami started shooting better from outside which drew the OKC defence away from the key and opened up the lanes for Miami.Miami improved their shooting to 34 from paint to OKC's 26 before they drew the sword for the final kill.Like a brave soldier, OKC kept coming back each time they were counted for the dead. The final rites were conducted in cold-blooded manner: At 96-99 with Miami possession and about 50 seconds on the clock, they passed the ball around for the unsuspecting Mario Chalmers who scored a lay-up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14311129", "title": "PMC lacks pumps to drain out rainwater", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) is all set to hire some pumping sets to drain out water from the city's waterlogged areas during monsoon this year. It has floated a fresh tender for this purpose to provide Patnaites some respite during the rainy season.Speaking about it, PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal said, \"The PMC has floated a tender for extra pumping sets to use them in the event of heavy rains during monsoon. The cleaning of drains were 90% completed but a few underground drains could not be cleaned due to lack of proper infrastructure. The pumping sets will be used for draining out accumulated water from any area of the city.\"According to PMC sources, the corporation has only 20 pumping sets to drain out water from the 109.218 sq km area of the city falling under PMC in the event of waterlogging. The Bankipore Circle has five pumping sets, but one of them was not in working condition. Narendra Nath, executive officer, Patna City Circle, said, \"There is no pumping set to drain out water under the Patna City Circle. We hire one pumping set from the Bankipore Circle, but this time that is not in working condition.\"Shashank Shekhar Sinha, executive officer, New Capital City Circle (NCC), could not even disclose the number of pumping sets the circle has at its disposal. Kankarbagh Circle has the highest number of pumping sets among four circles. \"There are 15 pumping sets to drain out water in Kankarbagh area. We sometimes have to share the pumping sets with other circles due to lack of adequate number of pumping sets in the city,\" said Girjashankar Prasad, executive officer, Kankarbagh.The PMC recently sanctioned Rs 5 crore for the construction and maintenance of new drains in its four circles. It had earlier identified 14 points in different wards which face waterlogging during monsoon every year.Meanwhile, urban development minister Prem Kumar and PMC commissioner Pal on Wednesday went for an inspection of areas prone to waterlogging under the Bankipore circle. Accompanied by other PMC officials, they visited places like the Railway Hunter Road, Congress Maidan and McDowell roundabout of the circle. Pal would be inspecting the New Capital City Circle, Kankarbagh Circle, Patna City Circle and Bankipore Circle during the monsoon for close monitoring.It is learnt the PMC had floated four tenders for sanitation work, maintenance of street lights, animal birth control programme and for drain construction and maintenance work. However, none of the tenders found any takers, as a result of which all development works are hanging fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14310452", "title": "Toothless since birth, man gets implants for bite", "text": "When 39-year-old US national Daniel Ramsier, a chartered accountant based in Houston, spoke at a public function in the city on Wednesday he wasn't constantly touching his lips to ensure that his dentures were in place.Ramsier lived with removable dentures for decades due a birth defect that inhibited the growth of primary or permanent teeth. He flew down to Chennai three weeks ago to get a permanent set of prosthetic dental implants.After a procedure that lasted three days at Rajan Dental Institute in Chennai, Ramsier flashed a confident smile at press cameras on Friday. \"I've been biting my tongue a lot. I keep forgetting that I have teeth now,\" he said, grinning widely as health minister V S Vijay looked on.\"I am still learning to speak with these new teeth, but I feel much more confident now,\" he added.Ramsier suffers from a genetic disorder called anodontia, which doctor suspect could have come from his father, a former US soldier and Vietnam War veteran, who is believed to have been exposed to Agent Orange, a herbicide used by the American forces in biological warfare operations.Studies have shown that US Vietnam veterans suffered from cancer and had nervous, digestive, skin and respiratory disorders. An estimated 500,000 Vietnamese children were born with birth defects.Ramsier was born in the US two years after his father returned after his stint in the Vietnamwar. \"I have researched my condition for several years,\" he said. \"I chose to have the implant India because I knew I would get quality care here like in the US and it would be much more affordable.\"But making a decision wasn't easy his doctors did not agree with him on India as a treatment destination and his insurance company did not pay for the treatment. Ramsier says he decided to take the chance anyway.A team of dental surgeons headed by Dr Gunaseelan Rajan carried out the zygomatic dental implant. In conventional implants a piece of bone is removed from the pelvic region to build the jaw and place small implants before fixing artificial teeth. The procedure takes up to a year. Zygomatic implants take only 72 hours. Implants are placed on the cheek bones before artificial teeth are fixed.The procedure is not new, says Dr Rajan. His team first carried out procedure in 2007 and has repeated it several times since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14310893", "title": "Air India asked to ensure passenger safety", "text": "MANGALORE: In a hard rap for Air India (AI), Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), Airports Authority of India (AAI), the ministry of civil aviation on Tuesday released additional recommendations pertaining to the Mangalore air crash which claimed 158 lives on May 22, 2010, directing the three agencies to get their act together to ensure passenger safety.The additional recommendations include provision for runway end safety area (RESA); not to hasten issuance of FATA (Foreign Aircrew Temporary Authorization) licence at airline's insistence; compliance with requirement of frangibly-mounted structures citing that Calicut and Mangalore airport antenna supporting structures were examples.The ministry recommended AAI should conduct an objective evaluation to ensure required size RESA is provided at each end of a runway at every airport, according to regulations.The ministry came hard on AAI for not carrying out evaluation of the RFF (Rescue &amp; Fire Fighting) vehicle type acquired for Mangalore airport.\"An efficient aerodrome emergency exercise would have indicated various problems and AAI could have taken suitable action. AAI should ensure such exercises are conducted to establish emergency preparedness including timed response of local fire brigade for emergencies outside the airport boundary,'' it stated.The new recommendations virtually vindicate the stand taken by 812 Foundation. Yeshwant Shenoy, who filed a private complaint for criminal action against DGCA, AAI and AI, had argued in the court on most of the issues on which recommendations have been made by the ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14307709", "title": "No parallel probe in a rape case against French official, SM Krishna says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Foreign minister S M Krishna on Wednesday ruled out any parallel investigation by France in the case of Bangalore-based French official Pascal Mazurier, who has been arrested for raping his three-year-old daughter. He was asked about media reports that France was carrying out its own investigation into the case.\"The question of carrying out a parallel investigation does not arise. The law of the land will prevail. He (the French official) has no immunity,\" Krishna said.While Mazurier does not have diplomatic immunity, he is a service passport holder which made it mandatory for local authorities to take permission from the central government which, in turn, took the consent of the French government.Meanwhile, the French foreign ministry again said on Wednesday that the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations (1963) did not provide for immunity of jurisdiction for acts committed beyond the exercise of consular duties (Article 43).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14308764", "title": "Delay in exam dampens spirit of Common Entrance Test aspirants", "text": "INDORE: Much to the disappointment of the admission committee officials of the Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV), the Common Entrance Test (CET) evoked poor response among the students this year as compared to the previous year, thanks to the varsity administration that reportedly could not announce the examination dates on time.The coordinating committee of the CET this year has received about 10,300 registrations till Wednesday evening, as compared to 14,000 last year. Thursday is the last date for registration of CET. The university has received poor response from the applicants at a time when it has increased the number of subjects in the purview of CET from 20 to 57 this year.Describing reason for students' waning interest in the examination, chairman of CET, Dr Rajendra Singh, said, \"The varsity could not start the admission procedure on time. Most of the students had applied in other universities by the time the CET schedule was announced. This is one of the major reasons for poor response from the students this year.\"According to sources, due to delay in the CET schedule, the varsity is drawing attention of those students could not secure a seat in other institutions. \"All state and national level entrance examinations were conducted on time and also declared their results. So, only those are applying now, who could not get admission any where else. This would further deteriorate the standards. We are hopeful that the new vice-chancellor will restructure the derailed administration of the varsity,\" said a senior faculty member.Earlier, DAVV drew flak from students' fraternity as Dr Ashutosh Mishra had resigned from the post of CET coordinating committee chairman at a crucial time. The varsity is running nearly 20-25 days behind the schedule. The university could not finalize the dates as central schools, which were earlier the venue for exams, did not give dates to the university after June 20 for conducting the exam. This further delayed the CET.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14309568", "title": "Pillion rider killed as bike rams tree", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A youth lost his life as the rashly driven bike, on which he was riding pillion, rammed into a tree near the sectors 20-21 crossing on Tuesday night. The deceased was identified as Tarun Chabbra, 25, a resident of Sector 38 here. He is survived by his parents and a brother. Prince, who was driving the bike, received serious injuries and was admitted to Government Medical College and Hospital, Sector 32. A resident of Sector 45, Prince is in his mid-twenties.\"A small time businessman in Sector 22, Tarun, sustained serious head injuries in the accident and was rushed to Government Multi-Specialty Hospital in Sector 16. He was however declared brought dead by doctors at the hospital,\" said a police official.Police recovered one helmet from the accident spot but it was not clear who was wearing it.Harkrishan Chabra, father of the deceased said, \"Tarun was running his business from Shastri Market in Sector 22. He was returning home, after finishing his day's work, with his friend Prince, when the accident took place. We are shocked. It's a big loss for the family.\" Chabra added, police is not clear whether their bike was hit by some other vehicle or it just rammed a tree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14311541", "title": "Caretaker grabs land through impersonation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Risal Singh, 63, of Daulatpur village in Fatehabad district of Haryana is running from pillar to post trying to convince cops that a dead person cannot come alive 18 years after death just to transfer her property.In a case of its own kind, highlighting how people make a mockery of the judicial system and tamper with revenue records, one Om Prakash Jakhar of Bhuthan village grabbed Risal Singh's land, by presenting a woman as the latter's grandmother, 18 years after her death.Risal Singh had inherited a chunk of land in Bhuthan Khurd village from his grandmother (nani) Nathi aka Nanhi Devi after her death in 1967 and the revenue department had also executed a transfer deed in his favour in August 1971. As Risal Singh was in government service, he handed over the property to Om Prakash of the same village to look after the property.However, in order to grab the said land, Om Prakash filed a civil suit in May 1986, about 19 years after the death of Nathi Devi and impleaded Nathi as respondent in the suit. Surprisingly, he also produced a woman before the court, projecting her as Nathi Devi to give a thumb impression, consenting to transfer the said land in favour of Om Prakash and others fraudulently.The fraudulent transfer came to Risal Singh's knowledge last month when he approached Om Prakash for his land.\"It came as a shock for me. I had lit the pyre of my grandmother with my own hands and was stunned as to how a dead person could appear in court just for executing a property deed in somebody's name,\" said Risal Singh. The accused has not only committed breach of trust and grabbed his property but also made a mockery of the judicial system of the country, he said.Risal Singh has submitted a complaint last week to SP Fatehabad to register an FIR against Om Prakash for forgery and cheating, but the cops are yet to act.When contacted, DSP Fatehabad, Jagdish Chander told TOI that after finding it a peculiar case and that charges were of serious nature, he has asked the concerned SHO to make an inquiry and register the case. Om Prakash Jakhar had already been booked in a similar case for committing fraud to grab some property, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14309043", "title": "No probe by France: SM Krishna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Foreign minister SM Krishna on Wednesday ruled out any parallel investigation by France in Pascal Mazurier's case. He was asked about media reports that France was carrying out its own investigation into the case.\"The question of carrying out a parallel investigation does not arise. The law of the land will prevail. He (the French official) has no immunity,\" Krishna said.While Mazurier does not have diplomatic immunity, he is a service passport holder which made it mandatory for local authorities to take permission from the central government, which in turn, took the consent of the French government.Meanwhile, French foreign ministry said on Wednesday that the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations (1963) did not provide for immunity of jurisdiction for acts committed beyond the exercise of consular duties (Article 43).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14311356", "title": "Eavesdroppers beware, habit can make you \u2018deaf\u2019", "text": "LONDON: Many may not admit it, but eavesdropping is so engrossing that majority of the people listening to girlish gossip fail to notice even if a man says something very unusual like \"I am a gorilla\" , a new study says.Researchers from Royal Holloway, University of London , found that more than two thirds of those eavesdropping on the women failed to notice a man chanting \"I am a gorilla\" repeatedly for 19 seconds over the conversation. The study, published in the journal Cognition, was an example of how intense conversation can leave us 'deaf ' to the world around us, the researchers said.A famous study from 1999, in which people watching a basketball game failed to spot a man walk through in a gorilla suit and beat his chest, revealed how focusing on one thing can leave us 'blind' to events happening right in front of us. But this study is the first to show that hearing is similarly affected, the Daily Mail reported.The researchers placed two men at a table in a room and two women at another table and recorded them talking about getting ready for a party.Halfway into the recording , a man walked through the room, repeating the phrase \"I am a gorilla\" .The recording was then played to a group of volunteers . Some listened to the women's conversation and others to the men's.In fact, they were asked if they had heard anything unusual \u2014 and only 30% of those listening to the women spotted the interloper, the researchers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14307313", "title": "HC adjourns SevenHills plea against BMC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Wednesday adjourned the hearing of a petition filed by SevenHills Healthcare Private Limited against the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) over the issue of an unconditional no-objection certificate (NOC) to Friday.Civic counsel Ashutosh Kumbhakoni was not in court, and when his junior requested that the matter be briefly kept back, the court posted it to Friday, as it had a busy board and the petitioners did not object.The court had rapped the BMC and directed it to issue an NOC to SevenHills after accepting its proposal to construct a 300-bed hospital on an adjoining plot for free for poor patients.The BMC had served a notice on SevenHills, which runs a super-specialty hospital, to vacate nearly seven acres allotted to it, if it refused to give 20% beds for poor patients sent by the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14308679", "title": "Their proximity to high and mighty paid rich dividends", "text": "BHOPAL: Considered a close aide of higher education minister Laxmikant Sharma, BJP-leader-cum- businessman Sudhir Sharma is no stranger to controversies as the opposition had specifically shed light on how a school teacher became the highest income tax payer of Bhopal division within a short span of three years.Raising the alleged mining links of BJP leaders in MP during the debate on a no-confidence motion against the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government during the last winter session of the Assembly, opposition Congress had referred the issue of BJP's 'neo-rich' and demanded a probe into their business links.\"Few years ago, Sudhir was a teacher with a Sishu Mandir. Seven years ago, he used to work for a salary of Rs 20,000. Today, he is the highest income tax payer of Bhopal division,\" leader of the opposition in the Assembly, Ajay Singh, had said during the debate on the Congress-sponsored no-confidence motion.\"Initially, he had worked for Sishu Mandir. Later, he joined an engineering college from where he moved to the Rajiv Gandhi Technical University to later become the officer on special duty (OSD) of a minister,\" he pointed out, adding, \"today, one of the car he owns is an Audi,\" he alleged. He had also claimed that the BJP leader owned a number of houses and bungalows in Bhopal and he got into mining sector after he managed to get a mining lease cancelled and allotted for him.\"Everyone knew about their close links with ruling BJP leaders. Let us see whether the raids would help unmask hidden and silent partners in these businesses,\" leader of the opposition said, commenting on the searches on the various premises in the state capital and outside.Avoiding comment on the raids, the BJP leaders refused to speak to the media throughout the day. As for Suryavanshi, only few days ago, Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh had referred to his proximity with chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and raised questions about his business while claiming that BJP leaders at all levels were involved in some business deals and partnerships with him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14307975", "title": "Greens' cautious thumbs up to Dhotre's fast", "text": "NAGPUR: As Bandu Dhotre prepares for his indefinite fast demanding better protection for tigers in state from July 2, conservationists are cautiously hopeful. The fast is being seen as an opportunity to highlight conservation issues, even if there is only a lukewarm response from the government.\"In our country everything has been achieved though fasts. It started with Mahatma Gandhi , continued with Anna Hazare and now it is Bandu Dhotre,\" said Kundan Hate, honorary wildlife warden, Nagpur district adding that there was a great possibility that the fast would be a success. This is not the only instance when the fast was compared to Anna Hazare's campaign.\"The fact that this is Dhotre's second fast gives him greater credibility. Another thing that might work in his favour is the tremendous response Anna's movement got. The method I think will make a difference. Anyway, when we have tried many ways of putting forth our demands, why not try this one too,\" said Kalpana Chinchkhede, a wildlife enthusiast.It is not only the method that has struck a chord, even the issues raised by Dhotre have the support of conservationists across board. Poonam Dhanwatey, founder trustee, Tiger Research and Conservation Trust (TRACT), said, \"the issues Dhotre has raised are undoubtedly very relevant and need to be addressed. It is a sorry state of affairs that a wildlife lover has to resort to such a step.\"Gopal Thosar, veteran wildlife conservationist, had a slightly different point to make. He said though it was a valid point that conservation in outer areas was not taken seriously, the work of Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) was also important.There were two factors the conservationists seemed wary of. One being the attitude of the government and the second that it might become a one man show. \"Right now nothing can be said. The issues Dhotre has taken up need attention and I hope his fast attracts attention of the authorities who have been so apathetic. The outcome depends upon whether the forest department takes any action or not,\" said Pradeep Behre, president, Srushti Paryavaran Mandal.Concerns were raised about government's supposed thick skin and possibility of them dilly-dallying the issue by giving hollow assurances that the demands were already under consideration. \"Conservation is being constantly ignored. I don't know how the government will react to his fast or what kind of reactions will come, but what I am sure of is that it will certainly highlight the issue,\" said Amol Khante of CAC All-Rounder and a wildlife enthusiast.Himanshu Bagde, a naturalist, said it was a good step but was premature to comment on the outcome. He said it would have been great if Dhotre had approached other NGOs too. \"More the people involved, more is the strength of the movement. In this cause, he would have got huge support from all quarters,\" he said.Prafulla Bhambhurkar, project advisor, Wildlife Trust of India, too added, \"had it been a joint effort, it would have been more effective as all groups could have put up a united front and put more pressure on the forest department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14309656", "title": "Road gullies may not be cleaned before monsoon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After some days, pre-monsoon showers will hit the city. But it seems the municipal corporation will not be able to complete the cleaning of road gullies in the city by then, as they have given July 7 as the deadline for completing their drive, which is moving at a snail's pace.Like in the past, this year too, the residents of the city will have to put up with acute water-logging problem during the monsoon season, despite lakhs of rupees of public money having been spent to deal with the problem.'Cleaning exercise an eyewash'Director of UT meteorological department Surinder Pal said, \"Monsoon is expected to reach the city by beginning of July, while pre-monsoon showers will start five to seven days ahead of monsoon.\" Not just this, in many areas of the city, the cleaning of road gullies is just an eyewash as even after cleaning, the collected garbage or waste is not lifted for hours, which later flows into the same drainage or pipelines from which it was removed.Chairman of water supply and sewerage disposal committee, Mukesh Bassi said, \"It's shocking that the engineering department did not do anything to get information regarding the expected date of the arrival of monsoon. The work should have been completed before its arrival and I'll ask them to do so. I have recently written to them asking them about what special measures have been taken to improve cleaning of areas where the problem emerges every year.\" Terming the entire cleaning exercise an eyewash, municipal councillor Arun Sood said, \"The cleanliness of road gullies is just a formality. First they don't clean these properly and then leave materials like stones and plastic in the pipelines. Besides they leave waste material along side the pipelines after cleaning, which then flows into the pipes again.\"Superintending engineer of public health wing of the municipal corporation R C Diwan informed the house on Tuesday that the engineering wing will take time till July 7 to clean road gullies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14308937", "title": "Residents add more fish to menu for health reasons", "text": "INDORE: In a city where the palate-tickling poha soaked in spicy usal forms the prime delicacy of people, fish has seized the crown for being the most preferred choice among the non-vegetarians. Indoreans are largely buying fish as a healthier alternative to meat (mutton) or chicken.Raju, a local fish trader, says that about 30-35 quintal of fish is sold every day in the city. He says, \"There has been an increase in this figure by 8-10 quintal every year. I have sold 40% more fish this year than last year as it has higher nutritional value.\"Another city fish dealer, Nirmal, says that the sale of fish has gone up by three to four times as compared to the previous year. \"I sell at least five quintals a day,\" he said adding that the arrival of boneless fish has increased its demand in the city.\"The trend is to stay,\" says Gurpreet, manager of easyday super market. \"People are buying all kinds of fish and above all, they are purchasing it keeping in view the high nutritional value of it. As compared to last year, the sale of fish in my shop has gone up by over 50%. This is expected to go further up as people are willing to experiment.\"\"Fish is not only a good source of protein but is also rich in omega-3 fats, which are excellent for cardiac patients. Its consumption doesn't create or raise the cholesterol problems or other related diseases,\" says Vinita Jaiswal, a dietician at CHL Hospital. \"This awareness has led to the spurt among the people adding fish in their menu.\"There are many types of fish both freshwater and sea fish that people are taking a liking to. These include Ran, Katla, Silan, Singhada, Pamphlet, Betki, Rohu and Surmai.Meetu Mahanan, F&B; head at Hotel Sayaji, has introduced many fish dishes on the menu. \"Basa fish from Thailand is being imported. We are serving Grilled Basa apart from Salmon, Steak and even Shell fish. These dishes have been recently added to cater to our customers' taste.\"People are getting inclined towards fish also because of its affordability. The rates of fish haven't risen as fast as those of red meat.Sanjeev Kumar, assistant manager, Hotel Fortune Landmark, serves many dishes with fish as the prime ingredient. He says, \"Fish Amritsari, Fish finger, Tawa Fish and Grilled Fish are the mainstay of our fish menu. We keep innovating with these and bring on more varieties for our fish-savouring customers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14307585", "title": "BSNL workers demand regularization of services", "text": "PANAJI: Around 200-odd contract workers of Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL) held a token protest on Wednesday demanding the regularization of their services.The Goa unit of the All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC) backed the strike by the contract workers who work in the construction and maintenance of telecom works like cable-laying, jointing, installation and maintenance of BTS equipment and power plants, among other BSNL-related works.The workers marched to the BSNL headquarters at Patto Plaza and a delegation led by Christopher Fonseca, general secretary of AITUC- Goa, submitted a memorandum and strike notice to the BSNL management. From there, they proceeded to Kranti Circle in Panaji where they were addressed by AITUC leaders.Presently, the 350-odd contract workmen are not given safety wear and equipment, paid for weekly-offs, holidays, leave, overtime wages, bonus. This, despite pro-workmen assurances from Union telecom minister Kapil Sibal on the issue. Workers also contended that the attendance and wage registers are not maintained and though they work for 30 days a month, they are paid for only 26 days. Also, the workers feel they should be paid a minimum wage of 273 per day as skilled workers. The contract workers have declared that will go on strike after July 18 if their demands are not settled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "14307131", "title": "Man held for travelling with fake passport", "text": "VASCO: A 32-year-old man, Safeer Arankoth Vazhaipil, was arrested at Dabolim on Wednesday for travelling on a fake passport. A resident of Kerala, he had travelled from Sharjah on an Air Arabia flight.Immigration officials found that his passport had been tampered with, and took him for interrogation.Later, at about 9am, he was handed over to the Vasco police. Vazhaipil was arrested under Section 465, Section 467, Section 471 and Section 419 of the Indian Penal Code and Section 12 (B) of the Passport Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14310342", "title": "Regional Transport Authority to decide fate of prepaid autos", "text": "PUNE: The Regional Transport Authority (RTA) of Pune will take a call on implementation of prepaid autorickshaw services and share-a-rickshaw scheme at its meeting scheduled on June 26.Prepaid services have been proposed at the Pune railway station and the Lohegaon airport, while share-a-rickshaw scheme has been proposed on some prominent routes in the city. The Regional Transport Office (RTO), Pune, on May 4 drafted a proposal to restart both schemes in an attempt to check overcharging and refusal of services by autorickshaw drivers.The RTO had invited suggestions/objections from the citizens on both the schemes.In its proposal for prepaid service, the RTO has proposed an incentive charge and service charge, which is to be given to the autorickshaw driver by a passenger, apart from the basic fare of a journey. Further, the RTO has invited proposals from NGOs to manage prepaid control booths. The RTO has said that the traffic police will conduct round-the-clock monitoring at the booths.Sources from RTO said, \"The RTA's nod is necessary to take up the schemes for implementation. District collector Vikas Deshmukh, who is also chairman of the RTA, will take a call on starting the proposed services. Officials from the traffic police department will attend the meeting.\"Sources further said that the RTO had planned to start the prepaid services from June 15. However, the RTA's nod is still awaited as the scheduled meeting was postponed twice in June because of some administrative issues.According to an RTO official, \"Suggestions such as reduction in the proposed incentive amount to be paid to autorickshaw drivers and starting more such booths in the city were among the responses received from the citizens. About 10 responses were received by the RTO on prepaid services.\"The official further said that a couple of organisations have shown interest in managing the prepaid booths. One autorickshaw federation has also approached the transport office with a similar proposal. These proposals will be placed before the RTA for further discussion.The RTO has requested the authorities of the Pune railway station and the Lohegaon airport to provide space for the prepaid booths on their premises. The prepaid scheme was first introduced in the city in 2001 and later in 2007. It was discontinued due to poor response from autorickshaw operators and passengers.The RTA meeting will discuss various other issues regarding autorickshaw permits, overloading of commercial vehicles, PMPML services and fare hike proposal for autorickshaw services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14310407", "title": "Health sciences admission process to start from July 3", "text": "PUNE: The process for counselling and submission of preference forms for admission to the first-year health science degree courses in the state will commence from July 3.The director of medical education and research (DMER), who is the competent authority for the admission process, has released a notification detailing the admission schedule for all courses, barring the bachelor of para medical technology (BPMT) course. \"A separate notification for the BPMT course admissions will be issued later,\" the notification stated.This year, a total of 2,15,580 candidates had appeared for the health sciences section of the Maharashtra Health and Technology - Common Entrance Test (MHT-CET) 2012, held on May 10. Of these, 28,616 candidates were declared as qualified for admission to medical and dental courses.The information brochure, which contains general instructions regarding filling up of preference forms, method of scrutiny of documents, selection and admission, will be provided free to candidates at the designated divisional authorities, mentioned in the MHT-CET 2012 brochure, from June 29.The B J Medical college in Pune is the divisional authority for Pune, Ahmednagar, Satara and Solapur districts. A copy of the preference form information brochure is also available at www.dmer.org Candidates must report in person for counselling and preference form submission at the regional centres on the day and time allotted to the ranks in the State Merit List drafted from MHT-CET 2012 results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14307097", "title": "Family didn't come to see me, so I took pills: Michael", "text": "MAPUSA: Notorious criminal Michael Fernandes, who allegedly attempted suicide in the Mapusa judicial lock-up, has been lodged there again after medical treatment. He was undergoing treatment at the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, after he was found unconscious in prison after he allegedly consumed medical pills on June 13.The Bardez sub-divisional magistrate (SDM), Sabaji Shetye, who had visited the Mapusa judicial lock-up in the wake of the incident, said that police have recorded the statements of Fernandes and that he is all right now, and has been brought back into custody.Shetye said that Fernandes has given statements to police that he consumed pills to commit suicide as no relatives were coming to meet him in the custody.There were 13 prisoners in the cell where Fernandes was lodged. Fernandes was under medication and was taking tablets daily. There were other inmates who were also provided with medicines. It is suspected that some inmates may not have consumed pills that they were provided with, and Michael consumed them.Fernandes is wanted in more than a dozen cases. He was arrested on January 28, 2012, in a theft case at Porvorim. He was subsequently interrogated by other police stations in Ponda , Porvorim, Old Goa in various cases. He was even taken by the Maharashtra and Karnataka police into custody and was brought back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14308272", "title": "Chain snatched in Cidco area", "text": "NASHIK: A chain weighing 15 grams worn by a woman was snatched in the Cidco area of the city on Wednesday afternoon. TheAmbad police officials said that the victim -a woman, Chhaya Jagdale, of Simhastha Nagar, Cidco, was walking near Upendra Nagar, Buddha Vidhar Chowk in Cidco, when two youths on a black motorcycle approached her and snatched a gold chain worth Rs 30,000 that she was wearing. The complainant said the thieves might have been in their thirties. The incident occurred on Wednesday afternoon. there has been a drop in the incidents of chain snatching, one or two cases are however, registered in a fortnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14310468", "title": "BJP hopeful that Nitish won\u2019t pull out of NDA", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Nitish Kumar-Narendra Modi clash shook BJP's ties with its influential ally but the row has again proved a setback for the Gujarat strongman with the controversy highlighting opposition to his prime ministerial ambitions within and outside BJP.The noisy spat triggered by Kumar's interview pitching for a \"secular\" PM candidate has hurt ties with BJP but efforts are now afoot to paper over the rift with the JD(U) leader being assured no decision on a prime ministerial nominee has been taken. A jumpy Kumar, who read in Modi's rising clout in BJP a likely scheme to spring the leader on NDA as a PM candidate, has been told that such a decision is not on the cards and both allies should avoid fuelling a war of words any further. BJP leader and Bihar deputy CM Sushil Modi has even broadly endorsed Kumar's \"liberal PM\" formulation.BJP sources are hopeful that despite the doubts that have crept into the relationship, Kumar is not likely to pull the rug from under the alliance just yet. They feel he remains intrinsically wary of Congress and will not break with BJP unless trust deficit with BJP touches such a low that he believes the worst of his partner.It is felt the Bihar CM has not yet reached a clear assessment if he can junk BJP and \u2014 despite the heated rhetoric of some leaders \u2014 the saffron party knows a break is bound to seriously jeopardize NDA's prospects in 2014. BJP would not want to snap the alliance despite a growing asymmetry. \"Hopefully saner elements will prevail,\" a source said.While BJP-JD(U) ties remain susceptible to sudden tensions and are definitely fragile, Kumar's preemptive strike might have hurt Modi the most as it again adumbrates the implacable opposition of allies like JD(U) to the saffron mascot. It embarrassingly underlines how Modi is a major fault line that can put BJP on the defensive. Kumar's obvious concern that Modi's emergence will polarize Muslim votes that he feels he needs to woo in order to retain the upper hand in Bihar, a good many BJP leaders also do not see merit in a \"hardliner\" being projected as party leader. They feel Modi style is not what the alliance would be looking for as it looks to regain middle India.There are, of course, contrary views as well as some BJP leaders point out that Modi is not likely to replicate his ways in national politics. They also argue that Modi is seen as a doer, an impression strengthened by the floundering Manmohan Singh government. The Gujarat CM is also an effective campaigner capable of making a sharp point.An alignment of BJP president Nitin Gadkari, leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley and Modi has taken shape of late. Gadkari has not only patched up with Modi but acceded to all his demands by peremptorily removing Sanjay Joshi, an RSS nominee, from BJP affairs. But Gadkari is not in a hurry to endorse Modi for PM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14310103", "title": "Thieves on the prowl at airport", "text": "CHENNAI: Kind attention of passengers waiting at the departure terminal of Chennai airport for international flights. Please double strap your baggage before handing it over to the check-in counters, for loaders may steal an item or two. This could well serve as a good announcement as several passengers complain of losing things from their x-ray scanned-and-sealed baggage. The arrest of four loaders on Tuesday came as a reminder of the menace. Airport officials say they are doing their best to prevent thefts. \"We have CCTV cameras installed at all places covering the corridor at the baggage area inside the airport. There are plans to install more CCTV cameras. We are also thinking of alternative arrangements to curb thefts,\" said airport director H S Suresh. Though police statistics show only a few cases, passengers say they often don't bother to complain. Many passengers realise the theft after they reach the destinations, and some feel they had left behind some things back home. \"Once they return after a few weeks or months, they don't prefer to complain. This has emboldened the thieves,\" says a police officer. \"Whenever, we receive a complaint, we take action. As the thefts are reported while transporting the bags from the make-up and pack-up area to aircraft, airlines should keep a closer watch on loaders,\" says Suresh. Airport police on Tuesday arrested Zaheer Hussain, 22, of Vyasarpadi, Salim, 21, of Anakaputhur, Kumaresan, 23, of Alandur and Muthusamy, 21, of Sathyamurthy Nagar in Vyasarpadi for stealing a credit card of Wilson, a businessman from Coimbatore. He lost his credit card when he left for Dubai, a few weeks ago. He informed the bank to block the card. Meanwhile, he realized that some transactions were made at a jewellery shop and a showroom in T Nagar. The thief had bought the goods. The shopkeeper grew suspicious and asked them to produce identity proof. It was then the thief decided to scoot. Police seized 12 sovereigns of gold jewelllery, Rs 30,000 in cash and some home appliances and electronic goods from Hussain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14313537", "title": "3 IAS officiers likely to be grilled in teacher recuritment scam", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After interrogating a senior Haryana Civil Services (HCS) and former DPI (S) of UT education department, Samwartak Singh, and two others including Jolly Singh and Hardev Singh in the connecton of infamous teacher recuritment scam, CBI seluths in Delhi have decided to grilled some of the senior IAS officials, those were then posted in Chandigarh.Samwartak, Jolly and Hardev have been grilled by CBI in CBI headquarters in Delhi on July 29 and July 31 respectively.A senior CBI official told TOI, \"Three senior IAS officials, those were than posted with Chandigarh administration would be quizzed as the process, in which some vital changes were made in the teacher recuritment process, were not possibile without their consents.\"The scam was surfaced in September 2009 and at that time HCS Samwartak was DPI (S). Meanwhile, Chandigarh police registered a case against Jolly and Hardev for accepting a bribe of Rs 2 lakh from an aspirant and the mastermind Jolly was very close to then DPI (S) Samwartak.Subsequently, investigation of scam was transferred to CBI, Chandigarh branch, by Punjab and Haryana high court responding a petition of a commom man but CBI sleuths in Chandigarh have also failed to establish any involvement of Samwartak despite having 'clinching evidences' against him.The failure of CBI sleuths of Chandigarh unit have promoted Punjab and Haryana high court to transfer the investigation to Delhi units of CBI sleuths from Chandigarh unit and CBI in Delhi registered an FIR against Jolly, Hardev and other unknown officials of Chandigarh education department on May 27, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14307053", "title": "Grandkids held for killing grandmom", "text": "MARGAO: Nearly 40 days after the murder of a 65-year-old woman at Velim, Cuncolim police on Wednesday arrested five persons, including three juveniles. What's startling is that two of the juveniles arrested by the police are grandsons of the deceased woman. Both are the sons of the deceased's eldest son.The other two adults arrested are Dattaraj Satoskar, 21, a resident of Nessai (Sao Jose de Areal) and Alcin Mascarenhas, 19, from Borda.\"It was a well-planned murder, and the motive was to rob the gold ornaments in possession of their grandfather, the complainant in the case,\" South Goa SP Arvind Gawas told TOI.Police worked their way through the case based on two clues they had gathered during investigations. One, on the day of the murder, a neighbour had heard some shouts emanating from the deceased's house; second, a 12-year-old boy had claimed to have seen a masked man walking along the road leading to the house.\"Based on these two clues investigations were conducted through all possible angles,\" Gawas told media persons.Acting on inputs that the deceased's eldest grandson was in bad company and was into betting (on IPL, Euro Cup games, etc), police kept him under surveillance. After collecting sufficient evidence against him-he was also found to have been spending lavishly on clothes, footwear and other items-police zeroed down on the minor. \"During interrogation he would go into denial mode every time. He admitted to the crime, only when we confronted him with clinching evidence,\" Gawas said.Detailing the sequence of the events that led to the murder, Gawas said that the eldest grandson had an eye on his grandfather's gold and knew exactly where the old man kept the key of the cupboard containing the ornaments. He shared his plan with one of his friends from Ravanfond, a 17-year old boy, who agreed to help him execute the idea. Both had two things in common-they were studying in the same college, doing a course in catering and restaurant management, and were also judo athletes.Having hatched the plan, they had to wait for the opportune time when the grandmother would be found alone in the house. The eldest grandson had a plan for that, too. The grandfather was fond of lovebirds and had told his eldest grandson to look out for a pair. Using that as a ruse, the eldest grandson went to a shop dealing in pets and purchased a pair of love birds and kept it at the house of another of his friends, also a 17-year old, at Nessai. He told this friend that his brother and grandfather will come to collect the love birds later.\"On the day of the murder, the eldest grandson took his younger brother into confidence, and asked him to bring their grandfather to Nessai to collect the love birds. At around 3pm, the younger grandson went to his grandparents' house and the grandfather-grandson duo proceeded to Nessai on a scooter,\" Gawas said.Meanwhile, the eldest grandson, accompanied by his friend (a minor) from Ravanfond, Satoskar, and one more person related to Satoskar, went to Velim by a car owned and driven by Satoskar. Upon reaching the house, the elder grandson and his friend from Ravanfond, got down from the car, wearing gloves and face mask-while the former wore a face mask, the latter covered his face with a handkerchief.Both then gained entry through the rear door which was not securely closed.\"The old woman, taken by surprise, on seeing masked men, raised an alarm. To prevent her from shouting, they tried to gag her with a cloth and tie her hands and legs. However, as she continued crying for help, they strangulated her leading to her lying motionless on the floor,\" Gawas added.The elder grandson then climbed the wall with the help of a ladder and gained entry into his grandfather's bedroom through a ventilator. Getting hold of the key, he opened the cupboard and took out the gold ornaments. The duo made good their escape with the booty by Satoskar's car that was waiting outside. The gold ornaments were then sold to Mascarenhas.\"Five persons have been arrested in the case, the car used by the accused in the offence has been seized, while the recovery (of the stolen gold ornaments) is going on,\" Gawas said. While Satoskar and Mascarenhas will be produced before the court for remand, the three minors will be sent to Apna Ghar, Merces, a home for children in conflict with the law. The accused have been arrested under Sections 302, 454, 380 and 120 (b) of the IPC.DySP Mohan Naik and Cuncolim PI Raju Raut Dessai came in for appreciation from Gawas for their methodical and painstaking investigation, which also involved taking assistance of technological means. The DGP announced a reward of Rs 15,000 to the police team that investigated the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "14308488", "title": "South Western Air Command's Commanding-in-Chief inspects Phalodi station", "text": "JAISALMER: Air Marshal Anjan Kumar Gogoi, Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief, South Western Air Command, on Thursday inspected the operational preparedness of the Air Force station, Phalodi. Gogoi will visit the Pokhran field firing range on Friday to witness the final trials of Tejas aircraft for its induction by the IAF. The air marshal will have a night halt at Air Force station, Jaisalmer.visited the forward base of Air Force Station Phalodi on Wednesday and checked various operational activities. Gogoi he will go to Pokhran field firing range on Thursday and will have a night halt at Jaisalmer Air Force Station.Defence spokesperson Col S D Goswami said during his visit to the Phalodi station, Gogoi came by a service aircraft and was received by station commander and Group Captain Prashant Mohan.Gogoi is a defence service staff college, Wellington, graduate and a qualified flying instructor. He was commissioned into fighter stream of the IAF June 2, 1973. He has a vast flying experience with more than 3,000 hours on various fighter aircraft. His previous posts included commanding officer of a fighter squadron, commander of two premier fighter bases and air defence commander in South Western Air Command. Before assuming the command of South Western Air Command, Gogoi was director general (Operations) at Air HQ, New Delhi.Earlier, Gogoi has participated in the national security programme in South Africa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14307858", "title": "Both canals dud, Goskihurd water remains in dam", "text": "NAGPUR: Here is one more reason why water from Gosikhurd dam is not reaching the fields. Canals on both sides of the dam cannot be operational under current circumstances due to different reasons. In what the VIDC calls a typical geological phenomenon, panels and retaining walls in certain parts of the right bank canal (RBC) have come out from their original position. The left bank canal (LBC) has developed cracks which reduces the flow and increases leakages.The problems were reported over a year ago but uncertainty prevails in both the cases. Contracts to build canals on both the sides have gone to firms in which politically influential persons have a stake. A major part of work on RBC is undertaken by a JV between city-based Sancheti Group and M/s D Thakkar. The former has Rajya Sabha member from BJP Ajay Sancheti at the helm. One of the contractors for LBC is M/s Mahendra Constructions, which had as a director Mitesh Bhangadia, who recently became a BJP MLC. He has quit the firm on becoming a legislator. The other portion of this canal is built by M/s Srinivas Construction headed by Rama Rao, a Congress leader from Andhra Pradesh.Repairs on RBC will need a design change for which a decision is awaited by VIDC itself. The LBC contractors have been asked to undertake repairs at their own cost but are dragging their feet, say sources. Cracks have been reported in Mokhabardi lift irrigation scheme of Gosikhurd too with parts of the canal broken in pieces, says a report from Central Water Commission (CWC). Cost of this project has been inflated to Rs 2150 crore as against Rs 850 crore originally.CWC had expressed concern over the delay, with VIDC also formally asking duo to finish the work at the earliest. Bhangadia, however, says it may take at least two more years. A similar delay has been seen on Srinivas Constructions' side too. Bhangadia is also one of the contractors for Mokhabardi scheme but says it does not need any repair at all. \"All the CWC team has said that VIDC may carry out the repairs, if needed,\" he claimed.Bhangadia argues that the cracks have not developed due to faulty construction and that concrete has a natural tendency to develop cracks. \"There are other canals in the state that have developed cracks, but nobody makes any hue and cry about them. There seems to be a political motive behind the affair,\" he said.Bhangadia said the repairs would take their own time. \"The entire job is being conducted under strict supervision of the quality control department. The firm is ready to undertake repairs at its own cost but who would be responsible if the canal again developed cracks. Despite a formal reply being sought on this matter VIDC has not reverted yet,\" he said.An independent appeal was filed before VIDC seeking that the entire canal need not be repaired. It was only a month ago that VIDC issued an order to undertake work for around 65% of its length. Bhangadia said he would now begin the job after monsoons but stop in intervals of a few hundred meters until VIDC certified the work.Technical studies require that the entire lining be redone. Currently both the contractors have removed the upper layer but refilling remains to be done. VIDC's executive director Prafulchandra Zapke admitted that there has been a delay and said the contractors had been asked to finish the job at the earliest.On the right side, VIDC has consulted various agencies including VNIT, and is yet to finalize the report. The overall conclusion is that that the walls have slid due to a weak strata. Remedial measures will be taken once the report is finalized as a new design will have to be adopted, said an engineer dealing with the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14308466", "title": "HC lobs sports quota ball in govt court", "text": "MUMBAI: With barely a day remaining for the online admissions to junior college to end, about 850 students find themselves with one last chance to get the 25 sports quota grace marks in Maharashtra. The Bombay high court on Wednesday granted no relief in a PIL filed by the 'Maharashtra Karate Association' and Sandeep Gade, its treasurer, to challenge the state's decision not to grant the sports grace marks to the list of students submitted by it.The bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar said it was \"not possible to grant the petitioner any relief\" and that it was for the court to verify whether the students were qualified for it and whether the tournament they played for had the sanction from the 36 district associations and district sports officers. The court allowed the students to approach the Director of Sports within three days and gave two weeks for him to decide on their representation.The petitioner's lawyer V P Patil said \"students must not be allowed to suffer\" as the state had granted recognition to a \"faction\" of the Maharashtra Karate Association and the list of students submitted by it this month. But advocate Venkatesh Mohan Raj, a counsel from Chennai, stood up in court and stated he was appearing for the interveners, who are the officially recognized as Maharashtra Karate Association. He said the petitioner-going by the name of Maharashtra Karate Association-was \"in no way connected to the affairs of the association and had been placed as a petitioner by the members, including ex-MKA president Vispy Kapadia, who were removed from their post\".Advocate Patil said the tournament was held at Andheri Sports Complex but the court asked if it had passed through the district levels to which he had no answer. But advocate Raj alleged that \"there was a racket to conduct a tournament and make students eligible for sports grace marks after taking money.\" He said the Maharashtra Karate Association had officially-with the sanction of district officers-conducted a tournament this February in Pune and submitted its list with official letters and certificates to the state government. The Director of Sports-after seeing both sets of representation-recognized the Pune tournament as the real thing.Advocate Patil said in a dispute between two factions, the students must not become scapegoats. Advocate Raj pointed out that parents had not filed the petition. A few parents, who were present in court, expressed their frustration at being made to run from pillar to post for justice.The 25 marks add 4% to the total marks and is given to students who participate through a state recognized association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14307976", "title": "Visa glitch: Mandeep can't go to Caribbean", "text": "NEW DELHI: With three one-dayers and two T20s still to be played in the West Indies, the India A team is in a quandary over the injury to Robin Bist , who fractured his right thumb while fielding in the last Test against the West Indies A in St. Lucia which ended on Tuesday.Ironically, this was the first match Bist was playing in the tour, having been overlooked in the first two Tests. According to sources, the selectors were keen on sending opener Mandeep Singh , who shone for the Kings XI Punjab in IPL 5.However, there isn't sufficient time for the visa formalities to be completed. Hence, Mandeep can't join the team.Earlier, when Delhi pacer Parwinder Awana was picked as replacement for RP Singh on May 26, it took him almost a fortnight to get the visa clearance and he eventually left for the Caribbean on June 10.\"It's a lengthy process and so it would have been tough for Mandeep to reach the West Indies in time for the rest of the matches,\" a top BCCI official told TOI on Wednesday.Mandeep, who got a chance to show his mettle in the IPL after Kings XI skipper Adam Gilchrist was forced out due to injury, scored 432 runs in 16 matches. \"He is a promising cricketer and he will surely make the cut when the A team plays in New Zealand in September,\" an insider said.India A team will tour New Zealand in September-October 2012, to play two four-day matches, three one-day games, and one T20 encounter against New Zealand A.Times ViewThe lacklustre showing of the India A team in the unofficial Test series against their West Indian counterparts gives real cause for concern.Considering that the core of the Indian team consisted of players who have already represented India in Tests and ODIs and are seen as the future of Indian cricket, much more was expected from them. The Windies bench strength was hardly of the calibre to cause alarm.The selectors and the board should wake up to the fact that India needs to nurture talent for the longer format of the game too and not just for the limited overs versions. Else, India's showing abroad in the era of the 'golden generation' could become a fast fading memory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14311655", "title": "Mysore youths are getting inked and how", "text": "MYSORE: It is common to see celebrities inking tattoos on their bodies. And going by the trend here, youths of Mysore are not lagging in flaunting designer tattoos.The tattoo trend is slowly catching up in the city, with an equal number of girls and boys going for it. \"Usually, students in 17-25 age group come and get tattooed. Most of them prefer tribal designs, which is the hot favourite now,\" says Pavan P Srinivas, a tattooist who has been in the business for the past eight years. Now, they ask for shading tattoo designs, he adds.Designs can be stereotyped: while boys go for large and tribal designs, girls are happy with small and \"girlish\" ones. \"I got a butterfly tattoo on my hand. It is girly. Being tattooed is a fashion statement among youths,\" says Swathi Srinivas, a Cava student.Cusotmized designs are in vogue now. Clients approach tattooists with own designs. \"I lost my father some years ago, and I wanted to get a tattoo in his remembrance. So I got 'Father' inked in Chinese script a year ago,\" said Vivek G, an MBA student. He also has plans to get tribal design tattooed soon, \"and go with the trend\".Tattoo trend is so influential that children are changing the mindset of their otherwise \"traditional parents\". \"When I told my parents that I will get a tattoo, they opposed my idea tooth and nail. It was difficult to convince them in the beginning. But now, I have three tattoos done,\" said Harsha V, a BBM student. She has inked a flower tattoo on her arms and shade tattoo on a leg.\"I have tattooed 25 persons, mostly boys, in the last one month. They usually come with their own designs,\" says Yogananda, another tattooist. \"It is a trend among students. They come here after seeing their friends with tattoos,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14314851", "title": "Kate Upton's failed attempt to hide her assets", "text": "Kate Upton , who came out of nowhere and is fast becoming one of the most famous bikini models in the world on account of her massive assets, is seen doing her best all-American girl impression while wearing as little as possible in a sensational Terry Richardson shoot.At first, the 20-year-old model was seen relying heavily on her hands to keep her boobs hidden as she strutted around in nothing but pants.However, she soon stopped bothering to protect her modesty after pulling on a t-shirt that provided absolutely no coverage for her nipples whatsoever.She was later asked to describe herself.\"My favourite food is sushi, my favourite restaurant is Nobu and my favourite colour is yellow. I love all the states in America. I just love America. I look for someone who is fun, chilled and will not steal my spotlight,\" the Mirror quoted her as saying.She was then asked what if she had one wish. \"If I had one wish, it'd be for smaller boobs. Just kidding!\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14311003", "title": "NGO comes up with Ganga Forum to save the river", "text": "KANPUR: With an objective to make the Ganga pollution free, Eco-Friends, an NGO in co-ordination with (World Wildlife Fund) WWF has decided to form a Ganga Forum to save the river.Industrial discharges, sewage, pesticides and the rotting remains of dead bodies have increased the pollution levels in the Ganges over the years despite government promises to clean-up country's most sacred river.\"The first meeting of Ganga Forum would commence on Thursday in the city. The Forum comprises of priests and religious leaders, youngsters and women besides intellectuals would discuss on crucial issues like dumping of industrial waste, municipal waste and religious waste, disposal of hundreds of dead bodies in the river.The initiative will mainly focus on involving and educating priests and religious leaders, who will further sensitise the people to not to dump the corpses and 'puja' material in the river in order to restore its cleanliness and continuity,\" informed Rakesh Kumar Jaiswal, president Eco-Friends here on Wednesday.Jaiswal further said a separate monitoring committee should be formed to keep tab on leather tanneries and chemical units polluting Ganga.\"None of the concerned authorities have till date provided any exact count of tanneries or chemical units functioning in the city besides solution to save river from the effluents being released directly from these tanneries and chemical units on regular basis,|\" he said. He said a separate law should be enacted to ensure that the Ganga is cleaned immediately.He alleged that the government is trying to befool people by saying that it is cleaning the river.The government had launched a mega scheme named Ganga Action Plan in the mid 1980s. Despite billions of rupees having been invested, there has been no results till date. The forum would also raise local issue, where the holy river has receded from majority of the ghats, while changing its usual course.Concerned over the present condition of the holy river, he said, \"Ganga barrage built at a cost of Rs 550 crore in the year 2005 has a water intake source of 1,600 mld. The project meant to supply drinking water to Kanpur besides bringing river Ganga back to City ghats but in vain. A visit to many of the ghats across the city revealed that the river span has either reduced to a drain, or completely dried up with formation of sand beds in its place,\" said Rajesh Bajpai, a local coordinator of WWF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14307210", "title": "Tainted deputy collector's Rs 118 cr properties to be attached", "text": "MUMBAI: The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has registered a second case of money laundering against suspended Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) deputy collector Nitesh Janardhan Thakur, who has allegedly amassed properties worth Rs 118 crore.The Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA), under which Thakur has been booked, supersedes all criminal Acts and allows the ED to attach his properties.ED officials said the second PMLA case will allow them to attach all properties acquired through Nitesh's \"ill-gotten wealth\". \"In the first PMLA case, the properties purchased out of the proceeds obtained through cheating were attached. In the second PMLA case, all other properties obtained through corrupt practices will be attached,'' an official said. These properties will go to the government.The ED action follows the state anti-corruption bureau (ACB)'s corruption case against Thakur. This is the first case registered by the state ACB where the ED has invoked PMLA.Thakur joined the service in 1988 and was arrested by the crime branch in February last year in a cheating case. Nitesh, who was posted in Alibaug at that time, was booked under PMLA in this case as well.The ACB, which is probing a disproportionate assets case against Nitesh, found that while his salary was Rs 28,000, he and his family members members owned properties , including shops, flats and hotels, in Mumbai suburbs, Thane, Navi Mumbai, Alibaug, Sindhudurg and other parts of the state. The ACB also found that Nitesh had floated several firms that had a turnover of a few hundred crores. He was released on bail and the ACB is yet to file a charge sheet.The salient feature of PMLA is that it supersedes all criminal acts and allows ED to seize the properties. ED officials said that PMLA is a powerful tool to hit criminals badly. PMLA is invoked against the suspects only if they commit certain offences like cheating, forgery, fraud, prevention of corruption act and counterfeiting and a case has been registered against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14308201", "title": "Double murder accused still at large", "text": "NAGPUR: Mahadeo Ragit, main accused in Tuesday's double murder at New Kirti Nagar, has so far managed to give Hudkeshwar police a slip. The cops have launched a manhunt for him in different districts of Vidarbha.Ragit had fatally stabbed Ashok Lanjewar and Golu Sawarkar and injured four others following a dispute among the neighbours. Ashok and his son Nikhil had a long standing dispute with their neighbour Ragit over latter's keeping poultry and goat at home. Ragit's chickens and goats were a nuisance for Lanjewars. Also, dirty water from the residence of the Lanjewars would often flow into the courtyard of Ragits. This led to frequent quarrels among neighbours.Just before the murder, Ragit and Ashok's wife Manorama had a tiff. Later, Ragit attacked Ashok and his son Nikhil. Sawarkar, one of Nikhil's friends, who went to intervene, too was assaulted by knife and succumbed to his injuries.Police said Ragit had left behind his cellphone with wife Urmila. The police team has searched Ragit's relatives and friends' place at Rajura in Chandrapur, Bhandara, Gadchiroli and elsewhere in Nagpur. Ragit's wife Urmila and daughter Needhi are helping police too. It is learnt that police have laid traps at a number of places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14309143", "title": "Water from Pillur II to be delayed by another five months", "text": "COIMBATORE: Residents of Singanallur in east Coimbatore suffering water scarcity have been waiting for water from the much publicised Pillur II water scheme. But it seems their wait will be prolonged for another five months as the pipelines that are to deliver the water are not yet installed.The private firm that undertook the contract to lay new supply lines from Ramkrishnapuram Main reservoir to the locality in 2011 has literally ditched Coimbatore corporation, forcing it to float fresh tenders for the same work on June 8. The tender will open on July 5 and the deadline for executing the work is five months from commencement. The corporation seems to be in a benevolent mood since it is yet to initiate action against the Secunderabad based firm but officials claim they plan to blacklist it soon.\"Corporation officials have claimed that they will ensure that work is completed at the earliest. At the moment most of these localities receive water once in five days,\" said SM Samy, municipal councillor, ward no 61, Coimbatore corporation.The corporation had awarded the Rs 8.5 crore tender to lay pipelines for a 5.7 km stretch to Astor Private Limited BMS Projects , a joint venture firm from Secunderabad on September 28 , 2011 during the term of the previous corporation council. The firm paid the initial payment, earnest deposit money (EDM) of Rs 4.35 lakh. But when it came to the next level of paying Rs 40.9 lakh as Fixed Security Deposit (FSD), the firm started dodging the corporation and seeking extensions. The norm is that the FSD should be deposited within 15 days but the corporation extended the date to about 30 days hoping that the firm would honour its agreement but it proved futile. The corporation claimed that it had forfeited the EDM amount deposited with them after the firm abandoned the project.\" Initially they sought time citing vague reasons but after that they started claiming that the project was not viable due to the cost factor and the fluctuating price of materials,\" said an official.The existing pipelines in the area will not be able to supply the full additional quantity of 60 mld from the Pillur II project and hence they have to be replaced with spirally welded line of 1100 mm and 700 mm diameter. As East Coimbatore constitutes the tail end of the Pillur supply line it experiences water shortage whenever inflow from the reservoirs dip. The main residential localities to benifit from the new pipelines include Singanallur, Nethajipuram, DJ Nagar, Meena Estate and GV Residency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14308950", "title": "Work on 10 key roads set to begin", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Public Works Department is set to start work on strengthening and resurfacing of 10 important roads and the project is expected to be finished by July next year. About 25 kilometres of road length will be covered in the project with an estimated cost of Rs 23.61 crore. \"PWD has started the work of strengthening/resurfacing of 10 important roads including old GT Karnal road, service road of Ring Road on both sides etc, keeping in view the forthcoming monsoon and to avoid the problem of waterlogging,\" said PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan. \"The government has prepared a comprehensive plan to repair all roads that come under the jurisdiction of PWD. Patchwork and repair of broken roads is going on in full swing,\" he added. The work includes strengthening of 1 km of the Sir Deenbandhu Chotu Ram Marg, 1 km of Pradeep Bhatia Marg, about 2.3 km from Maharaja Agrasen Marg - Deepali Chowk intersection to Vijay Vihar and 3.99 km from the Bhagwan Mahavir Marg-Madhuvan Chowk to Nangloi Drain. Resurfacing of 5.2 km of the service road across Britannia Chowk, Bharat Nagar, Madhuban Chowk to Mangolpuri, Azadpur roundabout to Wazirpur Depot, will also be included in the project. Around 3 km of the old GT Karnal road will also be strengthened, the minister added. The estimated deadline for the project is July 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14308859", "title": "Couple killed producer: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: A couple has been arrested for the murder of a small-time film producer, whose mutilated body was found inside a flat in southwest Delhi nearly a week ago. The producer, Sanjay Rohilla, was \"harassing\" the accused woman and the couple killed him in vengeance, police said. Mohammad Khalid and Radha Khuswah alias Shama Khalid were arrested on Monday for the crime. The couple reportedly roped in two accomplices to help them in the murder after Radha threatened to implicate them in a false rape case if they did not assist her. The two accomplices, Dinesh and Jeetu, are yet to be arrested, police said. According to police, Khalid and Radha had a love marriage but they found it hard to meet ends after their families boycotted them as they were opposed to the marriage. It was then that Radha joined Rohilla's firm as a personal assistant. Impressed with her, Rohilla made her a business partner and they opened a western dance school and also produced low-budget movies together. \"Rohilla had developed a one-sided liking for Radha and she also insisted on spending more time with him. This was objected to by the couple but Rohilla paid no heed to the warnings,'' said additional CP (southwest) A K Ojha. \"On June 6, Rohilla was invited to a cocktail party that was organized by Radha. Khalid, Dinesh and Jeetu were also present there. The house was taken on rent at Shyama Vihar especially for the purpose of murdering Rohilla. The couple laced Rohilla's drink with sedatives and butchered his body into six pieces, severing his hands, limbs and head by using knives and stone cutters,'' said an investigating officer. \"On the night of June 13, the neighbours reported of foul smell coming from the Shyam Vihar flat and they informed police. Police broke open the flat's door and discovered a body severed in many pieces. The head had been severed from the body and the hands were also cut off. The body was covered with cello-tape and the deceased's car was recovered from Goyala Dairy area,'' the officer added. \"Call records of the deceased, Sanjay Rohilla, were analyzed and they showed that Shama Khalid and Rohilla had spoken several times before he was killed. Khalid couple was then interrogated and they confessed of killing the producer with the help of two associates. The owner of Shyam Vihar flat - a pharmacist from Hissar in Haryana - also identified Khalid as the person who had rented the plot eight days ago,'' said an officer. Ojha claimed that there was a \"chance factor\" that helped them crack the case. \"We had been tracking Khalid through his IMEI number. We found that he was headed towards Jalandhar and when we boarded the train, we found him travelling in the same compartment as our team. He was then arrested from New Delhi station,'' said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14308629", "title": "Toll collection is a scam worth several hundred crores: MNS", "text": "MUMBAI: Figures on daily vehicular movement and toll collected at six toll nakas (five entry points of Mumbai and one on Ghodbunder Road) could possibly be fudged to ensure a long recovery tenure for private contractors, claim MNS leaders who are planning a public interest litigation against the toll policy.MNS workers have been conducting a census of vehicles passing through various toll nakas since Tuesday and have calculated the consequent amount collected.An MNS worker who has been recording the number of vehicles passing through the Mulund toll naka on the Eastern Express Highway said, \"In the last 16 hours, 58,890 vehicles used the highway. A rough estimate of the toll recovered from these vehicles easily exceeds Rs 20 lakh. If we add another 40% vehicles, the daily toll collection here would amount to Rs 28-30 lakh and the annual collection could be close to Rs 100 crore.''Another MNS worker who has been deputed at the Ghodbunder Road toll post said the daily collection from the Chenna creek toll posts could be close to Rs 8 lakh. \"At this rate, the annual toll collection at this booth could be around Rs 29 crore. And the private contractor is eligible to recover toll till 2020,'' he said.The final figures will be revealed by MNS leaders after calculating costs and the number of vehicles using the toll posts over the next two weeks.MNS MLA Pravin Darekar said, \"We are seeking legal opinion on the matter. Our demand is clear: We want complete transparency in the collection of toll.''Darekar led a team of 50 party workers to the Dahisar toll point on Wednesday. \"The entire mechanism (of collecting toll) is replete with shocking irregularities. The state administration relies on toll collection figures supplied by private contractors and seems to be helping the contractors rake in monumental profits,\" he said. \"This is a fraud worth several hundred crores. The court alone can discipline the state government.''Citing figures based on data collected by MNS workers, Darekar said,\"In the last 24 hours, the actual collection, according to our figures, is nearly Rs 30 lakh. This means the monthly tally is around Rs 9 crore and the annual revenue by way of toll at the Dahisar naka is Rs 108 crore. Twenty years on, this amount will be Rs 2,000 crore while the amount spent on the road is much less.''Additional commissioner of police Vishwas Nangre-Patil visited the Dahisar toll naka and held talks with Darekar to defuse tension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14311532", "title": "Test put off: Candidates for police job block road", "text": "KOLKATA: More than 300 job aspirants who had queued up at the Race Course ground to take the physical ability test for the post of a constable in Kolkata Police were greeted by a notice reading that the test would commence on July 2. Upset that they had not been informed beforehand about the rescheduled dates, the candidates put up a road blockade in Kidderpore near Furlong Gate and agitated for two hours on Wednesday morning.In the first week of this month, Kolkata Police suspended their recruitment test after a job aspirant died following excessive exertion in the scorching heat. On June 6, two candidates collapsed during their 1,600-metre run \u2014 a part of their physical ability test \u2014 and both of them died. After being criticized for their \"inhumane attitude\" , Kolkata Police hastily suspended the recruitment drive and announced that it would resume on June 20.According to previous announcement, candidates arrived at the test ground and found a notice written on a white paper that the test would commence on July 2. Candidates, hailing from remote villages, who had travelled for hours to reach in time, were naturally agitated . The situation turned worse as no policeman was present at the ground to communicate with the candidates . Later, officers tried to convince the candidates that Kolkata Police Recruitment Board had already announced the rescheduled date on their website.\"Most of us are from remote villages. We don't have internet access and how can the police officers wash their hands of by making an announcement on internet,\" said a candidate who arrived in the city on Tuesday night from Purulia's Bandwan. Several candidates who had come from distant districts of North Bengal blamed the Kolkata Police for the harassment. Senior officers admitted the communication gap and said that decision has been taken to publish advertisement in vernacular dailies to inform candidates about the rescheduled date of test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14310799", "title": "Women are up in arms against bootleggers", "text": "HUBLI: The callous attitude of police and the excise department in preventing illicit liquor sale in many villages of north Karantaka is forcing people, especially women to take law into their own hands.Furious over liquor destroying the fabric of many a family, women are ransacking liquor shops. In an incident that took place two days ago, villagers of Soorangi near Laxmeshwar targeted a few tea shops selling illicit liquor and set them ablaze. However, it was not the first incident in the region. A month ago, villagers in Lakkundi, Nargaund and other parts of Gadag set a few illicit liquor shops on fire.Besides, hundreds of women from Igooru village near Davanagere and other villages and tandas of Harihar, Harapnalli, Jagalur barged into the DC office and submitted memorandum seeking ban on sale of liquor in their villages. Going a step ahead, women of Bisallali village of Haveri staged a day-long dharna last week in the DC office premises seeking ban on sale of illicit liquor.According to sources, sale of illicit liquor is on the rise in villages of Belgaum, Bijapur, Bagalkot, Gadag and Haveri district in north Karantaka. After the ban on cheap liquor by the government, many bootleggers have shifted their base to villages. Bootleggers are reportedly selling illicit liquor through small tea shops, grocery shops in villages of Gadag, Haveri and Bagalkot district.Speaking to TOI, Gangavva Sullad, Laxmi Patil of Gadag, and other women affiliated to stree shakti sanghas in Haveri and Davangere said, \"Our men are spending their hard earned money on liquor, leaving their families high and dry. Illicit liquor is being sold through tea shops and grocery shops in many villages. Police should take immediate action to close down these shops and save the families from ruin.\"When contacted Aravind Jannu, excise commissioner, said, \"We have chalked out strategies to eradicate menace of illicit liquor sale in some villages of north Karnataka and are working on it. As a result, the number of liquor dens has come down to 122 now from 1,930 a few months ago. We are now planning to conduct raids in the villages of Belgaum, Gadag, Bijapur and Bagalkot to crack down on bootleggers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14307324", "title": "Security panel petitions govt over Private Security Agencies Regulation Act", "text": "MARGAO: The security association of Goa-that consists of the association of security professionals and investigators of which Navelim MLA Avertano Furtado is an executive member-has demanded that the government look into the Private Security Agencies Regulation (PSAR) Act, 2005.While pointing out their grievances and stating that the industry is a major employer, they said that the central government, while promulgating the PSAR Act, had left it to the states to enact their own state acts keeping in mind the central act.\"Thus, in the supposed interest of federalism and democracy, the state wittingly or unwittingly is denying justice and fair play to a section of the society which is already suffering from the inadequate implementation of the NREGA,\" said association president G S De Souza in a statement issued on Wednesday.They added that the situation has to be resolved at the earliest as there was a shortage of manpower for the manned guarding industry and that it was time for the government to do a re-think as the industry had the potential to employ more if the right conditions existed.\"The manned guarding industry pays some of the lowest wages to its employees. In spite of the promulgation of the PSAR Act specifying a certain minimum level of training and fitness, a guard is still perceived as an unskilled labour, and is usually paid wages in line with those of an unskilled labour,\" added De Souza. The association pointed out that the disparity of minimum wages set by the state governments in the neighbouring states for the same slab workers also creates problems for security agencies operating in Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14308127", "title": "Computer snag hits Regional Transport Office work", "text": "NAGPUR: Normal functioning of the transport department's Regional Transport Office (Nagpur city) has been disrupted for the last two months due to a snag in the only computer at the office in Giripeth. This is causing hardship to heavy vehicle owners, as the renewal of registration of transport vehicles is being done manually.\"The snag might also lead to loss of important data pertaining to registration of heavy vehicles, no-objection certificates issued for transfer of registration of vehicles from one state to otherCertain documents including registration certificate (original), valid insurance, emission certificate, fitness certificate in case of transport vehicle, tax card if obtained and address proof are mandatory,\" said a source.Interestingly, the city RTO office has not informed about the snag to the transport commissioner's office in Mumbai, claimed the source.City RTO S Shelke refused to comment on the issue. An official confirmed though that the only computer allotted for transport department had developed a snag. He attributed this to the computer being 15 years old, and being without UPS backup. In fact, staffers had been fed up with the frequent power disruption resulting in the computer shutting down, he said.On an average, the transport department processes 100-150 applications for renewal of registrations, issuance of fitness certificates etc every day. Though the department is carrying out the work manually, transporters said such things have become a regular feature at the city RTO office.The city RTO had converted from manual operations to computers a decade ago. Though many processes are still manual, some departments including issuance of licence, registration of new vehicles, transport and non-transport had converted to computers. But delays are not uncommon, admit staffers, since computers are not maintained on a regular basis.Sources pointed out that in 2011 the Amravati police had arrested two city RTO clerks from the transport department, Shriram Parse and Pradip Lehgaonkar, who had allegedly bypassed laws and issued NOCs to stolen vehicles by exploiting the chinks in the processes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14307839", "title": "School bus operators get temporary relief", "text": "NAGPUR: In a temporary relief for school bus operators, the state transport commissioner has extended the deadline for issuing temporary permits and fitness certificate till July 31, 2012. Confirming the development, city RTO S Shelke told TOI that the state government was yet to notify the amendments made to the Maharashtra Motor Vehicles (regulations for school buses) Rules, 2011. So, the government had asked the RTO to provide temporary permits and fitness certificate to the operators, he informed.The rules were brought in last year and triggered an uproar among schools and bus operators. Following objections by operators' associations across the state, the government stalled the enforcement. Subsequently, it also invited suggestions and objections from bus operators. There are 473 buses attached to various schools in city. Most buses are more than 15-year-old. \"If we abide by the new rules, we will have to replace the entire fleet, which is not possible,\" the operators argue.Santosh Jog, who operates buses for Modern School, said as per new rules, school buses should not be over 15-year-old. School buses hardly ply 200 days a year and only cover about 60km a day. \"We suggested the government to increase the age limit for school buses,\" he said. Sources point out that the state government is planning to relax the age limit from 15 to 20 years.Another operator suggested uniformity in transport tax. \"In case of schools that have their own vehicles, the department charges Rs 100 as tax per annum. However, it is over Rs 500 for private operators offering the same service,\" he said. The bus operators have accepted the provision of fitting speed governors that won't allow the buses to go beyond 40 kmph. The provision has been insisted upon to curb accidents in the state.However, the bus operators expressed concern over the transport commissioner authorizing only eight suppliers to provide speed governors. \"Of the eight, one is from Mumbai while others are from Kerala, Andhra Pradesh or New Delhi,\" pointed an operator. The department should have authorised at least one firm from Nagpur, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14309795", "title": "World Music Day: Musicians connect on a joyous note", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As the entire world bursts into one joyous song on Thursday, World Music Day, so will city residents. With the Alliance Francaise in Sector 36 organizing its music festival, \"La fete de la musique,\" which will be open to all, it will be a true celebration of rhythms that have delighted people down the ages. Talented people from across the city have been invited by the institute to share a song or a piece of music with the audience to celebrate music on this day.Dance, music, songs, theatre and deejaying, the festival which has it all, offers one of the most convivial events to the public. Different from other music festivals, it will be a free fete open to anyone who wants to perform.\"For celebrating the occasion an open air stage will be installed at Alliance Francaise's garden, where 20 different performances will be held from 6pm to 10pm. Musicians, singers and comedians, ready to share their talent and love for music would then take over the stage,\" informed the communication coordinator at Alliance Francaise, Marine Sejourne.Punjabi music, French and international music, besides theatre will follow, and the event will be rounded off with some deejaying to get everyone jiving. Till now 25 participants/bands have registered to be a part of the musical event. Besides city-based musicians and dancers, students from an educational institute in Jalandhar will also present dance and music pieces.Started in France in 1982, the music festival is celebrated in more than 100 countries around the world including India.Throwing light on the reason behind the festival Sejourne said, \"La fete de la musique was started by Maurice Fleuret, the then director of music and dance in the ministry of culture in 1982. He launched this concept, after coming across a study on the cultural habits of French people, that found that a million people, one child out of two, played a musical instrument. He began to dream of a way to bring people out on streets to showcase their talent. The annual date, June 21, of the festival was chosen, because of the summer solstice in France, the beginning of the summer season.\"Since then the festival has brought together professionals and amateur musicians showcasing different genres of music like rock, jazz besides traditional music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14310669", "title": "Bokaro Steel Plant to fill up 1700 vacancies", "text": "BOKARO: Faced with manpower shortage, the Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL), a unit of the Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL), is coming up with 1,700 job vacancies this year.Chief executive officer (CEO) Anutosh Maitra on Wednesday said the company had got the approval from the SAIL board for recruitment of 1,700 people for which the process would begin this year.The BSL is facing manpower crisis as approximately 180-200 employees are retiring from the company every month. The targeted manpower strength of the BSL is 20,000 employees, which has shrunk due to retirement in the past few years. To compensate the shortfall, 1,700 vacancies are to be announced. These vacancies will basically invite skilled workers comprising ITI and diploma holders, management trainees, etc.However, Maitra, who is addressing mediapersons at Bokaro Niwas, refused comment on giving any priority to the displaced persons in vacancies. \"We have not received any guideline in this regard from the corporate office,\" he said.Maitra, however, gave a clear cut message to the displaced groups and the MLAs who are spearheading a fight in demanding employment of displaced persons in bulk from the company, saying thatit is \"impossible\" for the company to provide employment in such a largescale.For the past one month, the BSL is facing agitation of various displaced groups led by MLAs Umakant Rajak, Chandrashekhar Dubey and Samresh Singh. They are demanding jobs for about 8,000 and more land losers. The dharna, blockade and demonstrations launched by them have created huge difficulties for residents, BSL employees and management and had breach peace of this industrial town.\"Whatever the protesters want to do with me, they can do. But I can't provide employment to so many people as it is impossible. If they want to burn my effigy for this, they can also do it, but I am helpless. However, I am having talks with the leaders and making them understand that what we can do and what wecan't,\" Maitra said.He said that the BSL has come out with an innovative plan under its corporate social responsibility (CSR) for development of surrounding areas of the plant which comprises many displaced villages. \"We are going to conduct baseline study of the areas in the surroundings and will gather information related to the condition of the residents, their requirements, earning status, amenities, etc. We will conduct study with a help of non-governmental organization (NGO) which will hire youths of those area. We are expecting that the study will be completed in four-five months following which we will decide on development,\" said Maitra.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14308120", "title": "Cabinet nod to lifetime tax payment for cars", "text": "KOLKATA: Now, pay the tax just once when you buy a car and it will be valid as long as the car lasts. The move is an attempt by the cash-strapped Mamata Banerjee government to garner as much revenues as it can. Till now, one was paying car tax for five years at a time. This system, too, was introduced by the Left Front government to mop up revenues. Prior to that, tax had to be paid annually.The state cabinet, on Wednesday, cleared a proposal for lifetime tax payment for four-wheelers, two-wheelers, contract carriage and luxury taxis. It will, however, not be applicable for commercial vehicles like buses, trucks, taxis and auto rickshaws. While the government argues that it will mean less hassle for car owners as they will have to pay the tax only once, automobile companies and dealers are wary of the move and fear it will lead to a drop in sales due to the steep hike in initial payout.The rates are being worked out by the finance department. But the authorities are tight-lipped as the proposal in the West Bengal Additional Road Tax (Amendment) Bill has to be placed in the assembly for clearance. \"The rates are before the Assembly for clearance,\" a senior official said.In the present system, road tax for cars can be paid for five years at a time. Thereafter, tax can similarly be paid for two consecutive five-year tranches. After a car is 15 years old, the tax has to be paid annually. For two wheelers, the existing system has a lifetime tax, but is valid for 15 years. Thereafter, tax is paid annually. In the proposed amendment, though, 'lifetime' will mean till the car lasts.Tax computation method, too, might change. Now, the road tax is charged on a car's engine capacity (measured in cubic capacity or cc). For cars with engine capacity of up to 900cc, the tax is computed at Rs 2,700 per annum. The next slab is for cars with engine capacity of up to 1,490cc with a tax of Rs 3,700 per annum. The third slab is for cars above 1,490cc attracting a tax of Rs 5,400 per annum.The state is planning tax rates on the basis of the car prices. The ex-showroom price or a car's sticker price without road tax, registration and insurance, will determine its lifetime tax. While the move is to garner more revenue in the short-term, officials said it would also eliminate tax evasion. They also pointed out that it would mean less hassle for car owners.\"It is a huge hassle to queue up and pay tax every year, and if the owner forgets about subsequent payments, the penalty can even go up to 100%. This is the reason why this new scheme will be attractive to many car buyers,\" the official said.Automobile companies and car dealers in the city are, however, not too optimistic about the move as it will mean a quantum jump in road tax that buyers have to fork out upfront. \"The on-road price of cars will shoot up. With no finance available for paying tax, a three to four fold increase in initial tax payout will drive away many customers,\" said a leading car dealer, adding that it is unfair to force car buyers to pay for a car's lifetime when there is a trend to sell a car and upgrade in four-five years.The official acknowledged the problem but pointed out that car owners could always add the cost of the tax paid when they bargain for the price with the used car buyer.Meanwhile, a decision has been made to amend the Excise Act and impose heavy penalty on those involved in hooch trade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14307728", "title": "INS Sahyadri to be commissioned soon", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Chief of Naval staff Admiral Nirmal Verma said the importance of the Eastern Naval Command (ENC) has increased manifold in recent times. He said several new projects were coming to the ENC.The Navy Chief was addressing a gathering after presenting the President's gallantry and non-gallantry awards to navy personnel at a naval investiture ceremony held at Eastern Naval Command (ENC) here on Wednesday. Thirty-three personnel were awarded gallantry and non-gallantry awards.Admiral Verma said the naval ships INS Shivalik and INS Satpura had been commissioned and INS Sahyadri would be commissioned soon. He said the Indian Navy had displayed exemplary courage in checking piracy menace in the Indian Ocean. Verma said the naval ships had intercepted many pirate trawlers and ships near the Lakshadweep coast.The Navy Chief received the salute at a parade of 24 platoons and inspected a 50-men armed guard. ENC vice-admiral Anil Chopra, flag officers, commanding officers of various ships and establishments and a large number of service and civilian personnel and their families attended the function. The investiture ceremony was held here after a gap of three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14311486", "title": "'Life threat' to Rohtak shelter abuse victims", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Fearing threat to their lives, the caretaker of a Bhiwani-based shelter home has sought police protection from Haryana police for the victims of sexual abuse who have recently been shifted there from Rohtak's house of horrors -- Apna Ghar.The girls living in Bhiwani shelter home Swadhar now are also prime witnesses to the incidents of sexual harassment and torture that took place at Rohtak's Apna Ghar. One of them staying at Swadhar is pregnant and another HIV+. The caretaker has approached the police for security, saying that certain vested interests might try to harm the victims.Confirming threat perception to the inmates shifted from Rohtak home, one of the woman employees of Swadhar told TOI that they have asked Bhiwani SP B Sateesh Balan for providing adequate security to the girls.When contacted, Balan said the police have received a request for security to the abuse victims and has ensured adequate protection to them. He also added that there were already instructions to keep extra vigil on the inmates shifted from Rohtak's Apna Ghar.Nine girl victims of Apna Ghar, owned by Jaswanti Devi, were shifted at Swadhar Bhiwani last month after a team of National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) Delhi raided the place. Besides Swadhar, 18 children were also relocated to two other shelter homes-Bal Sewa Anathalaya and Hanumate Ananth Ashram in Bhiwani.Seven persons, including Jaswanti, her brother Jaswant, daughter Simmi, cousin sister Sheila, son-in-law Jai Bhagwan, driver Satish and Veena, a counsellor, are in jail and have been booked under various sections of the IPC, Labour Bondage Act and Immoral Traffic Act. The state government has already given its nod for a CBI probe into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14314949", "title": "Bips is charmed by Hollywood's Jeremy Piven", "text": "Sultry Bollywood siren, Bipasha Basu has her eyes firmly set on a Hollywood career it seems, a la Mallika Sherawat in the making? And with recent developments, it seems the actress is on the right path.Bips recently bumped into 'Serendipity' and 'Black Hawk Down ' actor, Jeremy Piven in London . The Emmy Award winning actor (for his portrayal of Ari Gold in the television series- 'Entourage') was all charm as he impressed apni Bips with some India trivia. The actor already had some brownie points for playing Ari Gold, Bips' favourite character in the TV series. His knowledge about the Indian sub-continent was all that was needed to win Bips over.The actress was so pleased to meet Jeremy that she later tweeted- \"Met Jeremy Piven in London!Ari Gold the reason I love Entourage!Sweet and fun guy!Knew a lot abt India which ws impressive!\"(sic)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14308412", "title": "Health department sounds alert in Taragarh after rise in dysentery", "text": "AJMER: Health and water supply department on Wednesday sounds alert in the Taragarh region after nearly two dozen people were found infected with dysentery, a seasonal disease. Water supply department early in the morning started bleaching the water tanks and the health department started treatment and cleaning of the water resources as a measure.In the last 48 hours, there has been a sudden onslaught of dysentery in the Taragarh area where people started falling ill, \"We got the information yesterday and sent a special team to control the infection,\" said Laxman Harchandani, chief medical and health officer. He said that they found that the infection had spread because of polluted water and chlorine in the water in the area. A camp is also held in the region to help the infected people.The water supply department started bleaching the water tank and testing the water supplied in the area. \"Besides the water supply from the department, it was found that people were using water from Jhalara (pond) for drinking, which was infected,\" said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14309856", "title": "Poll schedule for 4 districts announced", "text": "LUCKNOW: State Election Commissioner SK Agarwal on Wednesday announced the programme of election to local bodies in Kannauj, Ramabai Nagar, Auraiya and Mathura. The polling in these districts will be held on July 18. The elections announced by the commission earlier had to be postponed on account of a mela.According to election programme, the concerning district magistrates/district election officers of these districts would issue the notification of elections on June 22 and 23. The last date of filing nominations by candidates is June 29 and date of scruitiny is June 30. Candidates may withdraw their nominations by July 2.The commission will allot symbols to candidates on July 3 from 11 am.The polling will be held on July 18 from 7am to 6pm while counting of votes will take place on July 21 from 8am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14307550", "title": "Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad rejigs panel to search for new director", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad (IIMA) has reconstituted its search and selection committee to find a new successor to its present director. A M Naik , chairman of IIM-A society and the board of governors, has formed a five-member committee that will begin the hunt for the successor of Samir Barua, the present director of the institute.The five-member search and selection committee comprises Hasit Joshipura of GSK Pharma, Sanjay Lalbhai, CMD, Arvind Group, Rama Bijapurkar, management consultant and visiting faculty and Ashank Desai of Mastek besides Naik, who is part of the committee by virtue of his position.The former chairman of IIM-A board Vijaypat Singhania had formed a four-member search committee comprising IIM-A alumni to find replacement for Samir Barua, whose four-year term expires this year, official sources said.The four-member committee had Bijapurkar, Desai, Joshipura and alumni-turned-faculty Prafull Anubhai. However, some members of the board had raised concerns over the manner in which the committee was formed as well its composition.Chairman A M Naik, along with four others will now be suggesting two or three names for the post of director IIM-A to Union ministry of HRD which will take a final decision in the matter.In an email sent to Barua on Tuesday, Naik said that he has appointed two search committees for different purposes. While one committee will focus on finding a director, the other committee will search two new board members to fill in the vacant posts.At present, the board of governors has 13 members for a total of 15 seats. The second nomination committee for the members of the board comprises Lalbhai, Joshipura and Chintan Parikh, chairman and managing director, Ashima Limited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "14310564", "title": "Lohardaga administration posts vacant", "text": "LOHARDAGA: With more than 20 posts of administrative officials lying vacant in Lohardaga, people are facing difficulties in getting their work done in the offices. The crisis has compelled one official to look after five to six departments for the time being.According to official reports all the posts of six executive magistrates are vacant. Recently executive magistrate Usha Mundu who was also in-charge of district panchayati raj had joined but in wake of high court's directive, she was relieved of duty along with two deputy collectors - BDO of Bhandra Bandhan Long and circle officer Mahendra Kumar, a few days back.Even district statistics officer Jagmani Topno is also facing the same threat. The post of land requisition officer in the revenue department is also lying vacant. Other important posts lying vacant include district panchayti raj officer, supply officer, treasury officer, jail superintendent and Meso director. Of the seven blocks in Lohardaga three- Bhandra, Kisko and Peshrar are running sans BDOs. Posts of Lohardaga and Bhandra circle officers also remain vacant. Deputy commissioner Ratan Kumar said officials have been given additional charges to lessen the work load and meet peoples' grievances while the state government has been informed of the crisis.Apart from administrative officials, posts of engineers in different departments are lying vacant too.NREP and Zilla Parishad have no junior engineers. Sources said the government conducted just three exams for recruiting deputy collectors in the last 12 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14314422", "title": "No takers for Diljit's 1984", "text": "While Diljit Dosanjh is rather comfortable in his new found success as the romantic hero, after films like 'Mel Karade Rabba', 'Jihne Mera Dil Luteya' and now his upcoming 'Jatt &amp; Juliet', the singer turned actor is disappointed that his attempt at serious cinema is hobbled with issues of financial funding.Talking about his ambitious project in the pipeline, ' 1984 Punjab ' Diljit says the film is ready to roll except for the fact that they can't find any producers for it. \"It's very unfortunate that a film on such a sensitive topic cannot find any takers. No one is ready to fund the film so far, though Anurag Singh , (director of ' Yaar Anmulle ') and I are ready with the film's script and stuff, no producer is willing to invest money into it. Everyone wants to make a masala film, and this kind of a film is a risk which no one wants to run,\" rues Diljit.Though the subject touches a chord with most Punjabis, Diljit says the intended film will transcend regional barriers. \"Anurag is doing a lot of research on real life cases of boys who left homes, or were made to leave homes, during that fateful year of 1984. And our film will focus of one such boy who left home but now wants to return and the kind of hurdles he faces on his journey back home,\" says Diljit who is very passionate about this project, \"If God gave me that kind of money, I would have loved to produce this film myself.\"Without romanticizing the pain in this subject, he says this would be an attempt to state facts as they were. \"There is no intention of projecting images that did not exist, or distorting facts. Yet, in order to take a story on the screen forward, there has to be an added narrative, which will be there in this film too.\" The film also treads the fine line between commercial and art cinema. \"This is in no way going to become an art film. It will be well within the precincts of commercial cinema and the audience won't take home a heavy feeling in their head,\" says Diljit who is also ready with two music albums, 'Back to basics' themed on Punjabi culture mixed with contemporary beats, and 'Temptation', which is an urban sound.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "rishi nagar", "code": "14309883", "title": "She is Chang Shu Ju in Taiwan; Helen in Ludhiana", "text": "RISHI NAGAR: Getting ready to host a Taiwanese business couple, there was only one thing that Rishi Nagar-residents Tushar and Kumud Chawla were a little worried about \u2014 whether they will be able to pronounce the names of their guests right. But when Chuang Chao Hui and Chang Shu Ju met the Chawlas at a club in the city they made it easy for them, introducing themselves as Julian and Helen.As the Chawlas looked curiously, Julian, vice-president of Shuz Tung Machinery Industrial Company Limited, explained that they have \"English names\" for the convenience of their clients outside Taiwan . Helen, marketing manager in the same company, said big names in the Indian cycle industry like Hero Cycles, Avon and Neelam Cycles are among their clients.The hosts ordered snacks like \"paneer tikka\", \"kebabs\" and \"paneer rolls\" with fresh lime soda to give their guests a taste of Ludhianvi flavours. Appreciating Indian food, Julian and Helen had a hearty chat with Tushar and Kumud and their two children Tathagat, 16, and 10-year-old Kuhu. Talking about their real names, Helen said Chang is actually her surname but is written first. \"Shu Ju means graceful and hardworking lady and Chao Hui means sunrise,\" she added. Looking at Tathagat, Helen said their son is also the same age and is already 184cm tall. \"He keeps growing tall and we have to buy his shoes from USA every year. He loves basketball but we have been discouraging him,\" she said.As the guests got ready to order the main course they announced that they want to eat Indian vegetarian food. At this Tushar said Kumud is the best one to decide what to eat so she's the one who orders at restaurants. Kumud ordered \"karahi paneer\", \"mash kee dal\" and mixed vegetable with \"lacha parantha\", butter \"naan\" and onion \"kulcha\". Helen said at home her husband takes care of children while managing his business in USA online. At this Julian said their business is also a family venture like many big industries in the city.To their host's delight, Helen and Julian enjoyed the food and praised it. \"We have never eaten so much. We will carry the taste back home,\" said Julian. Before leaving, Helen opened an invitation to the Chawlas too asking them to visit Taiwan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14307360", "title": "BCom admissions: 90k forms sold on Day 1", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On day one of the admissions process to commerce colleges, over 90,000 forms were distributed. The most sought after colleges drew frenzied rush for forms.Admissions to 50 commerce colleges began on Wednesday and the Gujarat University authorities have made it clear that the admission forms were to be accepted from Thursday. However, on Wednesday, it was observed that many colleges were accepting completed forms and violating the Gujarat University guidelines.Officials said that they had received complaints and the matter would be taken up with the colleges at the next meeting.Pro-vice-chancellor Mukul Shah said that the colleges have been given 1.65 lakh forms for distribution among students. He said that everybody would be accommodated despite the daunting numbers. He said a student can collect a form from any college and submit it to the college of his or her choice. Shah further said that the Gujarat University has also made it clear to the college authorities that the university will accept enrollment forms of only those students whose names figure in the merit list. If any student who does not figure in the merit list is given admission, the university will not accept the enrollment form.Shah said that the colleges have been instructed to do away with the management quota and with the practice of recommending candidates.A college official said that in the past meritorious students were left out as the Gujarat University authorities would send their recommendations for admission to the most sought after colleges.Akash Patel, a student, said that he had collected forms from five colleges as he did not want to take any chances. \"There is a rush in English-medium Colleges and hence I have decided to apply in different colleges.\"The rush of students seeking admission in the morning colleges was higher than in afternoon colleges.Ashwin Purohit, principal of SM Patel Commerce College, says: \"The college sold around 6,000 forms. Initially, all students want admission in the most sought after colleges and hence there is a rush at these colleges.\"Similarly Pragnesh Shastri, a trustee of Som Lalit Institute, says that the exact cut-off can only be estimated once the procedure of accepting filled up forms is completed.He said that the Som Lalit Institute also sold over 6,000 forms on day one. An afternoon college like HL sold 2,500 forms.Deluge at top schoolsAs expected, a mad rush was seen in the most sought after colleges. University authorities said that last year after the admissions got over, 2,500 seats lay vacant.Authorities said the numbers represented the pressure on only 10 colleges. \"A student will be eligible for admission only if he or she has filled up the form,\" an official said. \"No forms will be accepted after Friday, the last day for accepting the forms by the colleges.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14310960", "title": "All-India Engineering Entrance Exam counseling from June 27", "text": "KANPUR: The online counselling for the successful candidates of All-India Engineering Entrance Exam (AIEEE) will commence from June 27. The offline counselling will be held at the particular college in which the individual student wants to take admission.On the other hand, the Uttar Pradesh Technical University (UPTU) would be conducting its counselling probably from July 10.Though the date of the UPTU counselling is not fixed, it is expected that it would begin only after the counselling for AIEEE concludes.Meanwhile, the students who have secured AIR upto 5000 in AIEEE will get admission in the National Institute of Technology (NIT). Upto 1.5 lakh students have been allotted the ranks.These students had cleared the AIEEE. The top-rankers will get admission in the prominent engineering colleges in the country.It is worth mentioning here that the offline exam (AIEEE) was held on April 29. The online exam on the other hand was conducted till May 27. This exam is conducted by Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14310697", "title": "Showers damage wheat at storage centres in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Several quintals of wheat were destroyed after the brief spell of showers on Monday as local officials failed to store the grain on time.Maximum loss was reported from the Baraut area under the Handia tehsil, where many quintals of wheat kept in the open at the wheat procurement centre were damaged during the rains on Monday even as another group of farmers waited outside the centre, hoping to store their produce.Likewise, farmers of Uruwa tehsil also faced the nature's fury when a large quantity of wheat kept in the open at NCCF centre was left to rot in the absence of alternative arrangements to store them under cover.Similar reports were received from Meja tehsil, where farmers, who had lined up outside the wheat selling centre, had to return back in the absence of adequate storage facilities.However, the stock was damaged during return journey when a brief spell of showers accompanied by a duststorm destroyed the wheat kept in the open.Official sources said that district magistrate (DM) Anil Kumar has ordered an inquiry into the incident and has entrusted it to an SDM-level officer who would submit his report within two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14309194", "title": "Schools accused of shutting out parents who protested fee hike", "text": "COIMBATORE: K A Swaminathan was shocked when he came to know that his son who scored 91% in Class 10 was denied admission to Class 11 in the same school. A lot of children with fewer marks had already been enrolled to the same class. When he approached the school management, he was told his son was not welcome because he was one of the parents who had protested the school management's decision to raise fee beyond the limit set by a government committee.Unfortunately, Swaminathan is not an exception. Many parents who refused to pay more than the fee decided by the Tamil Nadu School Fee Determination Committee (TNSCFDC) allege that they were being denied seats in the new academic year. They believe it is an attempt to filter the 'rebel' parents from the institutions to eliminate any consolidated move against the school management. At least in one school, parents have moved court seeking remedial action.\"My son appeared for Class 10 from Lisieux Matriculation Higher Secondary School in Sai Baba Colony. Even after scoring high marks and approaching the school the same day the results were announced, I had to leave dejected. The next day we returned to the school and I was told that the reason for not admitting my ward was because I was a member of the parents' association protesting the excess fee collection in the school,\" Swaminathan claimed. A school official who didn't want to be identified said the boy was denied admission for several reasons. Though he refused to list them, the official asked, \"Why should the parent who is not willing to pay the fee want to admit his child in the very same school.\"In another incident, two parents who have wards studying at Sri Gopal Naidu Children's School in Peelamedu approached the high court accusing the school of denying admissions to their younger children as they had earlier questioned the school's move to raise fee. \"My elder daughter is studying at the school in the UKG section. I applied for my son as his sister is studying there and because the school is close to our home,\" said S Ramesh, one of the petitioners. The court has asked education officials to consider the petition. An official of the school who refused to be identified said they could not disclose the reason for refusing admission. \"We turned around application from 50 to 100 parents. We have our own reasons for doing so,\" the official said.Last year, the (TNSCFDC) had decided the fee for each school after verifying claims of facilities made by them. However, many parents complained that schools were charging more than what was prescribed. Some even organised parents associations in the schools and staged protests.R Manimohan, chairman of the Students Welfare Association of Parents (SWAP), said there are several instances of victimisation towards parents who resist to pay excess fees demanded by school managements. \"Many parents are forced to fall in line. Even students are being threatened to compel their parents,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14309699", "title": "Uttar Pradesh spends Rs 7 crore a day on power import", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh is spending Rs 7 crore per day on the import of power, but still has not been able to meet its demand. The state government admitted this on Wednesday on the floor of the Assembly.\"The crisis is so severe that despite the government spending Rs 7 crore per day on power supply, rostering is being done even in and around Taj Mahal in Agra despite Supreme Court's orders for uninterrupted power supply in the area,\" cabinet minister Shivpal Yadav informed the house on Wednesday, replying to a direct question from the leader of the opposition and BSP MLA Swami Prasad Maurya.Taking on a listed question from BSP MLA Dharampal Singh on the status of power supply in and around Taj Mahal, Maurya led a vociferous walkout stating that the minister was deliberately skipping a direct answer.Criticizing the government for making lame excuses like grid failure precautions they said that the BSP regime had dealt with the situation under identical situations but had managed to deliver.Although the cabinet minister tried to explain that the government was desperately trying to ensure unrestricted power supply to one of the seven wonders of the world and that directives have already been issued to install inverters of sufficient capacity at site to ensure round-the-clock power supply to the world heritage site and funding for the purpose will be made available from revenue collected by way of road taxes levied in the region.The cabinet minister later told TOI that the government had taken a series of steps to counter the situation apart from all out efforts to ensure that the power plants under construction and those not producing optimum power as per their capacity, come out full throttle at the earliest.\"It is not about dealing with the situation this season only. We will have to find a proper long-term solution to the crisis which will emerge the next summers as well,\" the minister said. The peak per day demand is about 12,000 mw while the total generation from the state's own resources and the import from the Central pool is around 8,000 mw. On the hand, because of the closure of 10 power units there is a shortfall of 1,800 mw.The UPPCL owes Rs 10,000 crore as power dues to be paid to different supply sources. The corporation had earmarked Rs 2,000 crore for the purchase of power in 2011 but the payment has not been made yet. This apart, the Uttar Pradesh Transformer Industries Forum (UPTIF) -- a group of more than 1980 companies manufacturing and supplying transformers to the state government -- too has threatened to stop further business with the UP government unless the it helped them realize their outstanding dues. The UPPCL is also planning to launch a special drive to collect Rs 17,000 crore from defaulters, particularly the big ones who have outstanding dues worth lakhs of rupees each.Also, the government is toying with an innovative idea of power supply in the National Capital Region. It's about supplying power on the basis of the paying capacity of the consumer. In the nutshell: 'Pay more to get an uninterrupted power supply'. \"The government is already working on a project related to differential tariffs to provide unrestricted power supply to Ghaziabad and Noida on test basis. Once the scheme is put to shape and proves effective, we may consider applying the same scheme to other select regions particularly industrial pockets of the state,\" said a senior UPPCL official.Although the idea was floated by the resident welfare associations (RWAs) of Ghaziabad and Noida, the government is convinced that it would help improve the situation. At present the UPPCL charges on an average about Rs 3 per unit from domestic consumers. As per the differential traffic plans suggested by the RWAs, the consumers they had surveyed may not mind paying Rs 5 to Rs 6 per unit. The RWAs have also stated in their proposal that the new concept would help to bring down the extra cost of running the diesel generator sets as most of the multi-story societies and commercial complexes have lifts and escalators that run on power.\"Once the government is through with the blue-print of the project, the proposal for its implementation will be sent to the Uttar Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) for consideration and clearance. Though the scheme is sure to tax the common consumers to meet the power requirements for domestic use, there are hardly many options left with the government to improve the situation immediately,\" said senior bureaucrats associated with the new project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14313274", "title": "Aamir to unleash his villainous side in Chicago", "text": "We told you how Aamir Khan had been working really hard towards his role in the third part of Yash Raj Films' successful Dhoom franchise.After the rigorous workout sessions and training in acrobatics, the actor is ready to roll. In fact, we learnt that three days back, Aamir called up Aditya Chopra to say that he can start shooting for the ambitious Victor Acharya directorial from June 29.While the other cast members had already started shooting for Dhoom 3 , Aamir had kept delaying his schedule. Apart from preparing for his role in the film, Khan had also been busy with the climax of Reema Kagti's Talaash and his debut television show.Recently, Jackie Shroff , who plays Aamir's father in the film, was spotted shooting his portions at Capitol Cinema. We learnt that Aamir will however, have no shots in the location. In fact, the actor will start off his schedule at the Yash Raj Studios in Andheri and after five days will fly off to Chicago - a favourite destination of many Bollywood filmmakers. According to a source, majority of Aamir's scenes will be shot there.According to a source, Aditya and Aamir both wanted to shoot the portion abroad. \"They wanted to keep Aamir's look a secret. That is also a reason for them to go for a foreign location,\" added the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14314587", "title": "Ajith\u2019s Vijay Award reaches his office", "text": "Known earlier, actor Ajith Kumar, has won two Vijay awards under the category of Best villain role and for Favorite actor.But unfortunately, the Actor who was busy with his current project or reasons known to him, could'nt make up to receive the award. However, the Mankatha star received his awards at his office in Chennai. Sources reveal that Ajith was conferred two awards nominated for Best Villain and Favourite Actor by the channel head of Star Vijay Mr. Sriram. Seen along with Sriram presenting the award to Thala was programming head Mr Pradeep Milroy Peter, and the Vice President Mr Mahendran. An elated actor collected the awards and thanked Vijay TV and the jury for presenting the awards.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mall road", "code": "14309963", "title": "Pakistan is weaved into this cloth house", "text": "MALL ROAD: Every once in a while all activity slows down at the bustling Nilibar store on Mall Road as someone walks in asking if its name has anything to do with the Nilibar region, that lies between rivers Ravi and Beas in Pakistan. The store owners answer an eager yes and it typically leads to a long exchange of stories from the other side of the border and of times then and now. With its ambience, greeting style and tales, the store has become a microcosm of Pakistan nestled in the heart of Ludhiana.The store's owners trace their roots to Nilibar area near Mandi Burewala town in Pakistan where they had a wholesale business of textiles. After Partition, they left behind everything except their love for the place and moved to Ludhiana. \"When my father Mohkam Singh came here after Partition and started his business fresh, he wanted to retain his connection with his hometown and named his business Nilibar Silk Store,\" said Uttam Singh, 70. Uttam added that his father also hoped that it would be a way to find other people from the area who had been displaced. \"He used to say that reading the name of our shop, our other brothers and sisters from Nilibar would certainly come to us to inquire about it,\" he said.The trick worked well. People visiting from Pakistan would walk in surprised that a leading trading house in India named after a region in their country. Cricket fans visiting the country or Pakistani designers, tourists or students often stop at the store for a feel of home and the shop acts as a perfect host to all.Store has patrons in Pakistan, England, USNilibar store on Mall Road, a personification of brotherhood between India and Pakistan, has loyal customers in Pakistan and also among those who migrated to countries like England, US, Canada and Australia after the Partition. They make it a point to visit the store to shop for their weddings and other family functions.\"It overwhelms us when someone visits our store and narrates a story about how he was first brought to our store by his father or grandfather in 1950s. There are so many people who migrated out of the country but still come to us and shop for their family functions,\" said Uttam Singh, who joined his father Mohkam Singh in the business in 1954. He added that some Pakistani families have also been shopping at their store for more than 50 years. \"Now the second generation of our customers comes to us for our ethnic women wear,\" said Singh.His son Sonu Nilibar said business is not their only motive. \"We also want to provide a platform where the culture, customs and cuisines of India and Pakistan can merge. In May, we had organized an exhibition of Pakistani clothes and invited two leading designers from Pakistan who interacted with our customers and answered their queries. The city's response was great and we are planning more such events,\" he said.'Scanned net for leads'Owners of Nilibar store did not let go their roots in Pakistan. Uttam Singh's son Sonu Nilibar said, \"My grandfather was curious about the village that he had left behind. So I scanned the net for leads and found a website on Burewala. It helped me find many people.\" Now, he stays in touch with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14311590", "title": "Go foodie way to make a career", "text": "MYSORE: Post-graduate diploma in food analysis and quality assurance can get one job in food industries, food laboratories as food technologist so that (s)he can assist food scientists and technologists in R&D;, quality control and production.Defence Food Research Laboratory (DFRL) at Siddharthanagar here has been offering the course for the past two decades. The 10-month course has been recognized by University of Mysore.The course includes three papers - first paper is food chemistry, second is food microbiology and the third includes food packaging, food additives, food loss, instrumentation and statistics.Speaking on the course, Mohan Kumar, scientist E working at DFRL, said: \"Here, we mainly focus on practical aspects. By the end of the course, the students will gain practical knowledge. Those equipped with the diploma will easily get job in food industries.\" This is the first-of-its-kind PG diploma course in the state, he claimed.About 60% of the course is practice-oriented. The students will have practical classes in different laboratories like chemistry and bio-chemistry. Campus selection will be held in May and June. \"Many of our students are placed as food analysts at Nestle, Cadbury's, MTR, Heritage Foods and other companies,\" Mohan added.The course starts in September. Candidates with a degree in science with chemistry or bio-chemistry as one of the subjects or BSc in agricultural science/ veterinary science/ home science/ food nutrition/ food science and nutrition are eligible to apply for the course.The number of admissions is limited to 25.The selection will be based on written test and interview. The last date to submit applications is June 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14307560", "title": "Rais Khan files defamation case against Setalvad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Rais Khan, former aide of social activist Teesta Setalvad, on Wednesday filed a defamation complaint against her before a magisterial court.Khan, who fell apart form Setalvad's NGO Citizens for Justice and Peace (CJP) in 2008, has sought her prosecution under section 499 of IPC for defaming him and publishing allegations in magazine 'Communalism Combat' and posting the statements on website. Khan has also cited paragraphs from a special leave petition filed before the Supreme Court, wherein unsubstantiated claims were made against him.Khan has raised objection against Setalvad's statement claiming that he used to discredit those witnesses supporting the prosecution case in the post-Godhra riots cases. He has also objected to Setalvad's claims that Khan's behaviour was deviant, and he was harassing survivors.Khan has also taken strong exception to the statement that he got patronage of VHP and RSS strongmen, who were named in carnage cases. \"These utterances lower the reputation of the complainant and his family members within their community. The complainant and his family members are outcast and facing social boycott,\" the complaint reads.Besides, Khan has also objected to the allegations of financial irregularities levelled against him. He submitted that without seeking any explanation from him in this regard after getting the accounts audited, she charged him with corruption.He has also accused her of paying more money to witnesses than to the riot victims. \"Payment to victims was not her priority but payment to the witnesses was her priority. When a witness was paid Rs 50,000 or Rs 1,00,000, the victim was paid only Rs 5,000,\" he claimed.Khan has also accused Setalvad and her NGO of making the riot victims to implicate those persons with whom they had enmity. \"When most of the riot victims failed to give definite names of the persons who attacked them, they were asked to give names based on their enmity with the persons in their locality to fix them,\" the complaint said.Metropolitan magistrate T S Brahmbhatt has kept July 19 for verification of the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "14311046", "title": "New counselling rules upset NIT aspirants", "text": "ROURKELA: Guardians of some students aspiring to join NITs might move court over a new counselling guideline. If the guideline is followed for students who have qualified the All India Engineering Entrance Examination (AIEEE), it will lessen the possibility of students from the state getting admission through state quota.NIT, Rourkela, has been the first choice for many brilliant students of the state, who aspire to be engineers. Out of the total number of seats available in all NITs of the country, 50% are reserved for state students whereas the rest are filled up through all India ranking of AIEEE.As per new norms, if a top rank holder of the state enrolls into the NITs of his or her state, he will be accommodated from the state quota. Hence, a less meritorious student from outside the state will get the opportunity to enroll in place of a student from the state. This has lessened the possibility of state students. because only 50% of the seats can be filled up by the state students this year.Earlier, students from the state appearing in the AIEEE got an overall All India rank as well as a state rank and could enroll in NIT Rourkela as per their choice. tnnThe new guideline will help students from Karnataka, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh , Rajastan, etc., who have ample coaching facility. The possibility of Odisha students excelling in AIEEE examination and enrolling in other NITs of the country is very less since hardly couple of students of the state figures in the top rank.So the new notification has sparked strong resentment among engineering aspirants of the state. \"The notification circulated before the AIEEE had not mentioned this clause,\" said N Pattnaik, a guardian. \"We have no other option but to move court,\" said B Bisi, another guardian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14307606", "title": "Chargesheet against 2 for allegedly assaulting journalist", "text": "MARGAO: Quepem police recently filed a chargesheet against George D'Souza and Narottam Sharma for allegedly assaulting journalist Gary Azavedo at an iron ore mine in Cavrem, on May 3, 2011.The chargesheet was filed before the judicial magistrate first class, Quepem.While Sharma was working as a security guard at the mine, D'Souza was an officer attached to the mining firm.As per the FIR lodged by Azavedo, he was allegedly manhandled and roughed up by the security personnel while he was taking photos of the mining activities from outside the mining site.He claimed he was further threatened of dire consequences after being taken to the site office.Quepem police had earlier registered the offence against D'Souza and Sharma on charges of manhandling, wrongful confinement and criminal intimidation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14309741", "title": "Chandigarh\u2019s south goes dark", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The UT electricity department was taken unawares when the supply from Mohali was snapped on Wednesday evening, plunging over half the city into darkness for over five hours.It exposed UT's lack of back-up arrangements and it turned out to be an endless wait for city residents, who kept making frantic calls to the centralized compliant centre but information was hard to come by. Where UT keeps a back-up supply system for the 'elite' sectors drawing power from the sub-station in Kishangarg and behind the secretariat, a large part of the city was made to suffer without power for hours.Even though, UT has been aware of frequent tripping of the 66KV sub-station in Mohali, it has done little to take up the issue with the electricity department in Punjab and both parties have been blaming each other for poor upkeep of the infrastructure used to carry power from Mohali to UT. The affected sectors were 10, 11, 15 to 25, 32 to 40 and 43 to 56, besides the group housing societies in several southern sectors of the city.\"There has been no electricity since 6.30 pm and when we contacted the electricity department, even the officials there were clueless about the real problem. We did not even get any information about when would the problem be fixed,\" J N Sharma, president, New Light House Building Society, Sector 51 said.What's worse the residents were not able to get through to the electricity department numbers. Amit Kumar, a resident of Sector 48 rued that the centralized complaint number, 4639999, was not reachable and it was hard to get information about when the power supply would be restored.UT superintendenting engineer M P Singh informed that the Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL) has closed power supply to the Chandigarh circuits to attend conductor of the Mohali circuit that has broken down.Even though the UT administration claimed that the fault would be fixed between 7pm to 10pm, electricity was not restored even after this period, leaving the residents a harassed lot.\"I have a crucial exam on Thursday and there is no electricity. The situation of power cuts is getting worse in the city. The landline numbers of the electricity department were busy and no information on when power will be restored could be got,\" said Simran Sahani, a resident of Sector 55.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14307646", "title": "How we are raising an unhappy generation", "text": "KOLKATA: If you trust numbers, then the scene is not too happy when it comes to the mental health of schoolchildren.In a typical class of 45 students, at least 10 are finding it extremely difficult to cope with the pressure, say school authorities and mind doctors. Not all of this is study or peer pressure, they add, though that too features prominently in any sample study.Most of these kids are suffering because of disharmony at home. Psychiatrists say that the problem has increased manifold over the past decade and has reached such proportions that we are now raising an unhappy generation. Naturally, when such kids grow up, they will be mentally diseased individuals who will have little to offer to the society.Psychiatrists say that even five years ago, schoolchildren constituted only 1% to 2% of the patients they treated. Today that has gone up to 20%.The direct inference of this is that the problems are not being solved at the level of psychologists or counsellors and kids are being diagnosed with deeper and more serious conditions that need medication. Hence, frequent trips to psychiatrists and in the worst cases, hospitals.\"To most adults, ending an unhappy marriage with divorce and moving ahead in life by getting a new partner seems normal. But for a child, this can be his worst nightmare. I have had cases where kids have worsened from depression to mental instability because they could not tolerate their mother/father re-marrying. We advise such parents to either get their children to accept the new partner before re-marrying and if that fails, to first send them to a boarding school and then enter into a relationship,\" said psychiatrist Debashish Roy.Deepa Mukherjee, a research scholar at Jadavpur University, married her colleague nearly 10 years after she fell in love with him, keeping her daughter in mind. Deepa's first husband died of cancer when she was only 28 years old and her daughter 10. She found solace in Nilotpal's company but the two decided against marriage because Sreya, too, was distraught at losing her father.\"Nilotpal would come home often, even when I wouldn't be around, just to befriend my child. My daughter gradually started depending on him and he naturally became her guardian. As she grew older, it was she who insisted that 'uncle' should stay back with us instead of going back to his own place. Finally, everything fell in place. I have just married off my daughter to a research scholar from the University of California and the two are settled there,\" smiles Deepa. That is the right way to go, say psychiatrists.Children are impossibly over-burdened with tuition and extra-curricular activities, as well. Right from Class V, many children - especially those from the leading schools - spend at least five hours beyond their school timings on academic and extra curricular coaching daily. This leaves them stressed out, ill and incapable of performing at par.\"Almost every child from Class V onwards has four to five tutors. They also have swimming, painting, music, cricket/tennis classes. Cases of black-outs and gastro-intestinal problems are extremely high and this leads to permanent fatigue and poor self-worth. Kids finally reach a stage where they look and talk like zombies. I pity them and also for parents who have such unjustified expectations from them,\" said psychiatrist Shiladitya Roy.While for the past couple of years schools have been compulsorily employing counsellors, looking at the alarming number of unhappy children, they are also now including parents in group counselling sessions. \"Most of our parents are highly educated, but when it comes to expectations from children, they behave extremely irrationally. Nowadays, we do not allow parents to bully kids into taking science for example,\" said Mukta Nain, principal of Birla High School. \"There are some parents who would take their sons out of here and get them admitted elsewhere just for the sake of science. We know how cruel this would be on the boy concerned. We try our best to talk to such parents and convince them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14308987", "title": "Delhi Metro sees highest ridership", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Metro has registered its highest-ever ridership of 20,94,067 on June 11 - an increase of 10,312 commuters from last year's 20,83,755. The average daily ridership has also gone up from 17.88 lakh in May to 19.02 lakh till mid-June, said Delhi Metro Rail Corporation on Wednesday. The Metro has crossed the 20-lakh mark in ridership six times in June, the DMRC spokesperson said. Officials also said that to cater to this increasing traffic, the number of token counters has been increased in major stations and additional customer facilitation assistants have also been deployed. \"DMRC will also install more than 200 automatic fare collection (AFC) gates at different stations,\" said a spokesperson. The new AFC gates will come up at important stations like Kashmere Gate, Noida City Centre, Noida Sector 15, Dilshad Garden and Laxmi Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chitradurga", "code": "14310876", "title": "Another farmer succumbs to H1N1 in Chitradurga", "text": "CHITRADURGA: A farmer from Kalkere, coming under Dummi GP in Holalkere taluk, died of H1N1 on June 10. This is the second epidemic-related case to be recorded in the district within a month: another farmer from Bahaddurghatta of Chitradurga taluk had succumbed to the disease on May 17.They were admitted to Manipal Hospital in Bangalore for treatment, but did not respond to treatment, and died there, said district nodal officer Dr Ranganath on Wednesday.The farmer from Bahaddurghatta was treated locally for cold, cough and fever before being shifted to Manipal Hospital. He was diagnosed to be inflicted with H1N1 in Bangalore, said Dr Mahalingappa, in charge district health and family welfare officer.The 58-year-old farmer from Kalkere had been to Bangalore for the betrothal ceremony of his daughter a fortnight ago.He too was treated for cold and cough locally. But in Manipal Hospital, it was found to be H1N1.The officers said the incidence of dengue and other epidemics have come down following awareness programmes on sanitation and hygiene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14309315", "title": "Bangalore-Chennai bus rams into lorry, 1 killed", "text": "CHENNAI: A KSRTC bus driver was killed on the spot and seven passengers were injured when the bus going to Chennai from Bangalore hit a lorry in Kancheepuram on Wednesday. Some of the injured were admitted to General Hospital and the rest were taken to private hospitals.Police said Airavat Mercedes Benz sleeper coach was carrying 38 passengers. Around 4am, as the bus was nearing Velagate junction near Kancheepuram, driver Ramu tried to overtake a lorry which was also plying to Chennai. However, he lost control and rammed the lorry.The 38-year-old driver died on the spot and his body was moved to Kancheepuram General Hospital for autopsy. Five of the injured are Ambrish (21), Narasimhan (22), Ranjith (21) and Ranganath (57) of Bangalore and Manishree (50) from Chennai.Police , after talking to some of those who escaped unhurt, said most of the passengers were asleep. Some screamed and a few broke open the glass panes and jumped out. The right side of the bus was completely smashed and glass pieces strewn all over the street.The Bangalore-Chennai Highway is one of the busiest. Police have time and again cautioned drivers not to overtake on this stretch in Kancheepuram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14309002", "title": "By 2014, all Hollywood flicks to be released in digital mode", "text": "INDORE: If you are a connoisseur of Hollywood flicks, then there is a good news for you. Come January 2014, all the Hollywood movies being distributed in the country will be in digital format only. Currently, only 5-10% of Hollywood films, being distributed in the country, are on digital mode.The idea behind this move by the studios in Hollywood was to give cinemagoers an enhanced viewing experience. As of now, a total of 3,000 screens in the country, including 150 in Madhya Pradesh, have already gone digital. However, the problem was with the sound system of the cinemas that are still in an analog format. At present, 80% of Bollywood flicks were being released on digital format only.At present, the sound system in many digital cinemas in the country goes through multiple conversions from digital to analog and back, resulting in loss in sound quality at each conversion.Though there quite a few theatres in the state, like PVR in Indore, which have already gone digital through the projectors installed by scrabble. Again, the issue is that it comes at a high cost of Rs 30-40 lakh and even monthly rental was high, said Sanket Sharma, technical supervisor, PVR, Indore. Hence, the theatre owners are preferring the cheaper version of the same to suit to their shoe-string budget, he added.Forget multiplexes, even single screen theatres have also gone for digitisation. Regal cinema in Indore is one of them. Deepak Thakuria, director of Regal, said that he has installed digital projector at his property and upgraded the sound system as well through a US-based company, JBL.Jitendra Jain, vice president, Film Federation of India, says that it all depends on the business. \"Suppose you are getting good box office collections, then you will definitely go for installation of costly 2K format of Scrabble, but if your earnings are not good, then you will look for a cheaper versions,\" added Jain.Keeping it in view, UFO Moviez India and Dolby Laboratories have partnered to bring in a major transition in the audio experience across UFO's digital cinema screens in central India.Dolby will assist UFO in the setting up of the digital encoding and mastering workflow for UFO Moviez and provide UFO-Dolby co-branded CP750 cinema processors.Pankaj Jaysinh, chief operating officer, UFO, said, \"We have invested in bringing surround sound from Dolby to our digital cinema chain in central India because we are committed to delivering innovative technology that adds value to the entertainment experiences for our viewers.\"Velocity III in Indore has a three-screen multiplex and it was the first to get installed the Dolby system. Bharat Bindal, director, Velocity III, said that it already had a relationship with UFO and the installation of the upgraded sound system came as part of it. \"Only the thing that we have to pay a monthly rent for the same,\" added Bindal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14308019", "title": "Varsities to keep 60% PG seats for own students", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government has decided to ask universities to reserve 60% postgraduate seats for students from own colleges, while the rest will be open to candidates from colleges affiliated to other universities.The instruction was issued by the higher education department, which is now binding upon all the varsities. Till now, most universities had reserved 95% seats for students from colleges affiliated to those, while only 5% seats were available for others. Tuesday's circular will bring down curtains on the speculation over reservation of PG seats.The decision is, however, only for a year. From 2013 onwards the government plans to start a PG entrance test.Earlier, state higher education council chairman Sugato Marjit had sent letters to the state universities, requesting them to reserve only 50% of seats for students from affiliated colleges. The rest was to remain open for admissions to candidates from other universities. The letter was, however, not compulsory for universities to be obeyed.Wednesday's circular has put an end to the dilly-dallying, as the state government has now ordered the varsities to implement its decision.It may be noted that in accordance with the Mamata Banerjee government's pledge, education minister Bratya Basu had already voiced his opinion to conduct a common entrance test (CET) for all state universities and autonomous colleges offering PG courses.This will only be a makeshift arrangement. From next year, every student will have to appear in the common entrance test to bag PG seats in any university, even one to which his/her college is affiliated.\"We will advise all university authorities, through a letter on Thursday, to open 40% PG seats to students from other state universities. All prospective PG candidates will then almost have an equal access. The universities will have to follow the circular which is now being sent their way,\" said a higher education department official.Marjit said: \"The idea of a common entrance test for PG courses from next year has already been floated. We have also requested universities to depute two representatives for a discussion on CET. A decision will be taken only after a consensus emerges.\" If universities agree to throw open 40% PG seats, they will be given complete freedom to decide on the methods of admissions. \"Since the universities enjoy some autonomy, they can hold interviews, conduct admission tests or select candidates on the basis of marks in their undergraduate honours courses. It is up to the varsities to decide on which method will they choose,\" added the official.Reasons floated by the government to introduce a common entrance test for PG seats from 2013 are - it will give due priority to merit and also allow mobility of best brains to centers of excellence.At present, most state universities reserve 95% PG seats for own graduates. This archaic system is giving rise to some practical problems as well as legal hassles. For example, many students graduating from St Xavier's College (autonomous) with reasonably high marks fail to get seats in the Calcutta University because of the undeclared 95% reservation for students from its affiliated colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14308138", "title": "Without govt word, Nagpur Municipal Corporation refuses proximity certificate", "text": "NAGPUR: The first day of admission against 25% quota under Right To Education Act did not go well when the NMC's education officer (primary) Ram Dongarwar refused to issue a certificate of proximity to an applicant. Manish Vaidya (27) approached the NMC's education department to seek a certificate that his hom is within one kilometre of the school of his choice.Manish, who works in an automobile workshop, lives with wife Leena and four-year-old son Navneet. A graduate, Manish dreams of providing good education to his son from a school like Bhavan's Vidya Mandir Shrikrishna Nagar, which is half-a-kilometre from his home in Wathoda. His monthly income is of Rs 7,000 per month.The 25% quota under RTE Act has come as godsend for him. After reading in newspapers about RTE, Manish on Wednesday approached the Bhavan's Shrikrishna Nagar school for admission under the Economically Weaker Section (EWS) category. He had approached the school with documents ranging from Navneet's birth certificate, BPL card, income certificate etc. However, the school asked him to procure a certificate from the corporation's education department that his residence was within 1 km of the school.He approached the NMC's Lakadganj zone office where he was told to go to the education officer at NMC's Civil Lines headquarters. However, to his shock, the NMC's education officer Dongarwar refused to entertain him. Dongarwar claimed the civic body has not received any directive from state government regarding issuance of certificates like these.NMC's deputy municipal commissioner Rizwan Siddiqui, who is also in-charge of education department, said that government instructions would be followed strictly and he would ensure that Manish Vaidya gets the necessary certificate from the corporation at the earliest.Jageshwar Saharia, additional chief secretary, told TOI from Mumbai he was aware of the problem. \"I will speak to the deputy director of education in Nagpur and ask him to give necessary instructions to NMC,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14309697", "title": "Light showers to make weekend pleasant", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The flaming June is expected to give some respite in the weekend, when light showers will drench the city. The premonsoon showers, however, will hit the city by the month-end. Last year, pre-monsoon had arrived around this time.Met director Surinder Paul said, \"On Wednesday, the mercury again crossed the 40 degree mark. The temperature this year has been higher than the last year. Showers on weekend will bring some relief. Delay in monsoon has postponed premonsoon.\" The premonsoon starts a week before the onset of monsoon, which is likely to hit the city on July 5.But before the city receives some showers, the residents must brace themselves for further rise in temperature as the department has predicted that the maximum temperature on Thursday will be 42 degree C and the minimum 28 degree C.Meanwhile, the maximum temperature of 41.9 degree celsius on Wednesday left residents high and dry. \"It's getting very hot. There is no respite even in the evenings as the atmosphere gets a tad suffocating as the winds stop blowing,\" said Amish Gupta, a resident of Sector 7.Rashi Sharma of Sector 30 said, \"I had some work, but I avoided going out in the afternoon, as hot winds were blowing. I hope it rains.\"Sakshi Kapoor of Sector 18 said, \"This time, summer is unbearable. It wasn't this hot last year. We prefer staying indoors as it's almost impossible to go out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14310539", "title": "Fuel-loading at nuke plant in 10 days", "text": "CHENNAI: The loading of fuel in the first reactor of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project, a crucial step in the run-up to the commissioning of the plant, is likely to start in 10 days. The project now awaits the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board approval. \"The necessary steps to load fuel have been taken and the plant is ready for the final step before the commissioning. We are awaiting permission from the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) for loading fuel. We expect to get the clearance in 10 days' time,\" said Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL) chairman S A Bharadwaj. According to plant authorities, the power production will commence 15 days after the fuel-loading begins. \"Once the fuel is loaded, it will take another 10 to 15 days for other formalities like closing of the reactor vessel to be completed. The unit 1, which has a capacity of 1,000MW, will reach its full potential only in August,\" a plant official said. \"We expect the first unit at Kudankulam to begin generating electricity in a month or two and the second unit is expected to go on stream after six months or so,\" NPCIL general manager P M Shah said. \"Whatever activity has to be done before loading of actual fuel begins has been done. We are awaiting AERB's clearance,\" he said. Tamil Nadu will get nearly 450MW from the first unit though chief minister J Jayalalithaa has been pitching for the entire generation. Build godowns to store food grains: Centre Chennai: In a bid to limit the damage to foodgrains in Food Corporation of India godowns, the Centre has urged states to build intermediate godowns. Minister of state for food and public distribution K V Thomas said the FCI had 83 million tonnes of grain against the capacity of 64 million tonnes. He told reporters here on Wednesday that the food security bill, which is expected to provide subsidized foodgrains to more than 63% of the population, was likely to be passed in Parliament's winter session. A meeting of the empowered group of ministers in New Delhi on Tuesday decided to allocate five million tonnes of foodgrains for BPL families and Tamil Nadu's share of this would be 3.72 lakh tonnes. Meanwhile, state food minister R Kamaraj again urged the Centre to increase the allocation of kerosene for the state. Film ad hoc committee declared illegal Chennai: An ad hoc committee, formed by the members who had resigned from the executive committee of the Tamil Film Producers Council, has been declared illegal by the Madras high court. Justice R Subbiah, passing orders on suits filed by the council's president S A Chandraseakaran and treasurer Thanu on Wednesday, said: \"The formation of the ad hoc committee is in violation to the provisions of the Societies Registration Act.\" He said the annual meet held on April 15 too was illegal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14309189", "title": "CBI seeks quality feedback of Tatra trucks spare parts from Army", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has not found any \"adverse comments\" regarding the quality of Tatra truck's spare parts.Now, the agency has approached the \"end users\" \u2014 the three commands of the Army \u2014 asking them about the problems they faced while using the all-terrain trucks. It is also studying a voluminous set of documents received from the Director General of Quality Assurance (DGQA), the quality checking unit of the ministry of defence (MoD).DGQA was approached recently by the CBI seeking its inspection reports on all the procurement contracts of Tatra trucks by defence PSU, BEML. The agency suspected that Vectra chairman Ravinder Rishi's firm was favoured by employees from different units of the MoD by giving favourable reports, and hoped to find similar 'biases' in DGQA's inspection records.A source said, \"The DGQA documents do not show any adverse comments in respect to Tatra parts so far, but we are studying more documents.\" The agency has sought details from the three commands of the Army to know objections raised by them while using Tatra trucks and if they made complaints to the MoD regarding its spare parts.The probe is focusing on technical specifications of the spare parts, and whether Rishi's company was selected unfailingly to deliberately eliminate the other competitors. The agency is collecting details of all the bidders, who had applied for supply for trucks in the Army.DGQA looks after quality assurance for arms, ammunitions, equipment and stores supplied to the Army. The agency had also asked DGQA, if it received any complaints regarding spare-parts of Tatra trucks.The agency still suspects that several officials from different units of the MoD and the Army, who had joined Rishi's firm after retirement, could have played a vital role in ensuring that the Tatra acquisition went on smoothly for the past 26 years.The CBI is also preparing to send a Letter Rogatory and a team to Czech Republic for the probe, including ascertaining why the Army was supplied with Tatra vehicles based on an older technology. The investigation has revealed that despite stringent clause for indigenization and upgrade of technology in the original agreement signed with Czech based Tatra a.s, the indigenization efforts by BEML fell well short of the target.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14310488", "title": "One killed, 7 hurt as bus rams lorry", "text": "CHENNAI: A Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation bus driver was killed on the spot and seven passengers were injured when the bus coming to Chennai from Bangalore hit a lorry in Kancheepuram early on Wednesday. Some of the injured were admitted to the general hospital in the town and the rest were taken to private hospitals. Police said the \"Airavat\" Mercedes Benz sleeper coach was carrying 38 passengers. Around 4am, as the bus was nearing Velagate junction near Kancheepuram, its driver, Ramu, 38, tried to overtake a lorry also going to Chennai when he lost control and rammed into the lorry. Ramu died on the spot and his body was moved to the Kancheepuram General Hospital for postmortem. Five of the injured were identified as Ambrish, 21, Narasimhan, 22, Ranjith, 21, and Ranganath, 57, of Bangalore and Manishree, 50, of Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14307692", "title": "Kashyap loses but Pawar advances in Singapore Open", "text": "HYDERABAD: It took less than a week for Parupalli Kashyap to drop from last week's zenith. The Hyderabadi boy, who had stunned world No. 3 Chen Long and reached the semifinals at the Indonesia Open, put up a pathetic show before crashing out of the Singapore Open Super Series on Wednesday.Kashyap lost to world no. 8 Hyun Il Lee of Korea in straight games, 21-18, 21-12. It is possible that playing for the second consecutive week may have had its toll on the fitness of the player, but he was certainly not expected to make such a disappointing first round exit.However, Ajay Jayaram, who reclaimed the top ranked Indian tag from Kashyap last week, had it easy against Brice Leverdez of France 21-12, 21-14 while Anand Pawar registered a hard-fought 12-21, 21-11, 21-19 victory against Kevin Cordon of Guatemala .RMV Gurusaidutt joined the duo in the second round with a comfortable victory 21-12, 21-13 against Zi Liang Derek Wong of Singapore.Meanwhile, Jwala Gutta and Ashwini Ponnappa thrashed Jiayuan Chen/Juan Gu of Indonesia 21-9, 21-8. Later in the day, Jwala and Valiyaveetil Diju defeated Markis Kido and Pia Zebadiah Bernadeth of Indonesia 21-18, 21-12 in the mixed doubles first round.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14308951", "title": "Gen Y watches movies the smart way in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Young Indoreans' interest in movies has taken a smart shape. Watching movies on smart phones is a new craze among the college goers in Indore. Youngsters, these days, prefer to carry entertainment in their pockets while going to college or for a hangout with friends.The trend of catching the latest flick on the small screen is more popular among the hostel inmates and the working professionals who do not have many friends in city.Abhishek Singh, a B Com student says, \"I catch movies on my smart phone as per my convenience. I can watch movies in parts on my cell phone, which is not possible with the theatres. Also, I find watching movies on my cell phone more convenient than laptops and TV. It can be easily downloaded and we do not even have to bother about the picture clarity.\"\"Whenever I find my books boring, I pick my cell phone to watch a movie,\" he adds.These days, market is flooded with hi-tech smart phones like IOS , Android phone, Blackberry , Windows phone, Multimedia phones and others.\"I don't enjoy wasting time in going to theatres. Rather, I prefer watching movies on my 3.14 inches screen of my smart phone. I normally convert movies from my laptop or PC in the format which my mobile supports. I also enjoy sharing movies with my friends, who are also smart phone users. These smart phones are really a boon for us,\" says Rahul Rajput, an engineering student.According to BSc multimedia student Sourabh Sharma, using mobiles for watching movies also saves energy and requires less time for charging.\"I live in a hostel and we hardly get to watch channels of our choice as seniors are busy watching programmes of their interest. And, we cannot afford to watch latest flicks in theatres every now and then. Therefore, I thought of purchasing a good Hi-tech user-friendly cell phone, in which I can download lots of my favourite movies and programmes and watch them as per my convenience,\" says Sejuti Chakraborty, an M A student.With the advent of smart phones and 3G facilities, downloading has become easier these days and the facilities also come at reasonable prices, she adds.\"Students' desire for these smart phones has resulted in rocketing of the sales of smart phones. Many students buy these smart phones to watch flicks online or offline. These cell phones also come equipped with good internal storage and SD card where they can store unlimited movies, songs and pictures,\" says a local mobile dealer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14307188", "title": "Two cops in the dock for saving assault accused", "text": "PANAJI: A judicial magistrate first class court at Mapusa has ordered issuance of process against two police officials on a private complaint alleging submission of \"manipulated records\" to the court which resulted in discharge of the accused in a criminal case.Subhash B Jetha had filed a private criminal case against police inspector C L Patil and police sub-inspector Ashok Bawkar. Jetha alleged that police were \"unduly biased\" towards accused Santosh Hamraskar and others, who had assaulted him and his mother on November 25, 2005.\"Upon perusing the complaint, verification of statements of the complainant and his witnesses and the documents relied upon at the time of verification, it is seen that they sufficiently disclose the commission of an offence by the accused person under section 218 (public servant framing incorrect record or writing with intent to save person from punishment), Section 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating) and Section 471 (using as genuine a forged document ) of the Indian Penal Code,\" the court observed.Jetha pointed out before the court that on March 26, 2007, another JMFC court at Mapusa had discharged the accused Hamraskar and others on the ground that the investigation officer investigated the complaint (filed by Jetha) without taking permission from the magistrate as required under the law. Jetha also alleged that on February 13, 2008, even the sessions court had made remarks against the police in the case. Subsequently, Jetha approached the JMFC court again in 2008 and sought trial of the police officials for alleged manipulation of records.The complainant alleged that \"Bawkar in collusion with Patil investigated the non cognizable case without the order of the magistrate so as to save the accused persons from legal punishment\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14310200", "title": "Actor's son injured in bike accident", "text": "CHENNAI: Actor Pandiarajan's son Premrajan, 18, was injured in a road accident on Rajiv Gandhi Road in Adyar on Tuesday night. His friend Barath, who was riding pillion, was also injured in the accident. Premrajan and Barath were returning home after visiting their friend's house in Thoraipakkam. Near Madhya Kailash in Adyar, their bike skidded and the two were thrown off the bike. They sustained injuries and were taken to a private hospital. On information, Adyar traffic investigation police registered a case. Premarajan is a first year visual communication student at a private college near Pallavaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14310736", "title": "Steep fall in Youth Congress membership", "text": "RANCHI: The craze to be a member of the Youth Congress, which was seen a couple of years back, has fizzled out. Against the record membership of around 4.2 lakh during the organizational election in 2010, only 32,000 youths came forward to become members of the party this year.The sharp fall in membership of the youth wing of the Congress is because of lack of interest by central leadership in Jharkhand. During the last membership drive and organizational election in 2010, AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi and a number of Union ministers visited the state and campaigned to garner maximum membership as well.Announcing the date for organizational election, the party's returning officer Kulwant Rai Singhla said despite the poor show the party would go ahead with the poll. \"The membership drive did not give desired result but we are not worried because whoever has come and accepted the membership will be dedicated towards the growth of the party,\" said Singhla while announcing the dates for filing of nomination, scrutiny, withdrawal and election. About 2,000 old members have renewed their membership this year.Citing the example of Tamil Nadu , he said during the last organizational election and membership drive 15 lakh youths had joined the party. This time it came down to one lakh.The first round of nomination for election at assembly and Lok Sabha constituency level will take place on June 23. Scrutiny of papers and allotment of symbol will take place on June 24. Election will take place in three phases from June 26-28. In the second round, nomination for committee electionat assembly and Lok Sabha constituency and state headquarters will take place on July 1. On the same day, the nomination paper will be scrutinized and symbol will be allotted. Elections will take place on two days July 8 and 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14308194", "title": "Police probe confirms paper leak", "text": "NAGPUR: Following a monthlong investigation into the case, city police have formally confirmed that there was indeed a leak of the final year paper of B Com Computer Application (BCCA) conducted by Nagpur University in April. Additional commissioner of police (crime) Ravindra Kadam has informed NU controller of examination (CoE) Siddharth Kane about the findings.A first information report (FIR) into the paper leak case was already registered under the Maharashtra Prevention of Malpractices (University, Board and other Specified Examinations) Act, 1982 at Sitabuldi police station in May against unidentified persons.Although the leak had been confirmed by an inquiry panel constituted by the university, the authorities wanted a confirmation from the police department about the authenticity of the allegations. The findings of police department are crucial for the future of the 2,965 candidates who had appeared for the examination.The university authorities learnt to have requested the police department to find out about the leak in order to take a decision on re-examination of the BCCA paper. Intriguingly, the NU authorities had earlier wanted to withdraw the FIR, but this had generated much criticism for the institution. The intervention of the chancellor's office and legal opinion seem to be have forced the NU authorities to rethink the decision.The city police's crime branch had started a probe into the case after being directed by the city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay. The cyber crime cell of the crime branch had initiated probe into the e-mails sent to the different persons about the leak which was exposed by TOI on April 22.Senior police officials stated the examination was scheduled on April 21 earlier this year. The e-mail with the leaked paper was sent to different recipients, which included top NU officials, a day earlier. \"The leaked paper that was handwritten matched with the actual one to such an extent that it was easily concluded that the apprehension of leak was genuine,\" said a senior official. \"The cyber crime cell was investigating whether the leaked paper was emailed to senior officials a day before the examination. This too was confirmed in due course of our investigation,\" the cop added.It also came to fore that the crime branch and Sitabuldi police would now conduct separate inquiries into the case. A similar case had come to fore in Mumbai University too. The prompt action of the Mumbai university and its cooperation with the police had helped to bring the culprits to book without delays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14307557", "title": "West Bengal vies for World Bank fund for drinking water project", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government is lobbying hard with the Centre to be one among the five states that will benefit from a $5-million fund that World Bank will be providing for implementing drinking water project. To impress the decision-makers sitting in Delhi, the state panchayat and rural development department has in its favour a World Bank letter that praises the state for making good efforts in this field.State panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee on Wednesday said he had written to Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh and requested him to consider West Bengal as one of the states for the World Bank-funded projects.According to Roberto Zaglia, country director of the World Bank project in India, the West Bengal Institutional Strengthening of Gram Panchayats Project has made significant progress on a number of fronts since the last Bank mission held in December 2011. \"We note that special attention was given to the timely release of block grant and the opening of bank accounts with electronic transfer facilities thus reducing time lag in block grants being received by eligible gram panchayats,\" World Bank letter reads.In his letter to chief secretary Samar Ghosh, Zaglia also said, \"We are happy to note that the government of West Bengal has taken prompt measures on revising the State Finance Commission (SFC) grant release to eligible gram panchayats\".However, in the letter, World Bank has also pin-pointed some of the flaws in the project. The Bank noted that there is an urgent action related to several issues like hiring of public infrastructure coordinators, strengthening the preparation of gram panchayat plans based on priorities and so on.It was also pointed out that there is need to review and update gram panchayat planning guidelines and formal training of gram panchayat functionaries.Kolkata: The state government is lobbying with the Centre for a share of the $5 million World Bank-funded drinking water project. The fund will be distributed between five states and Bengal wants to be among them.For that, the state panchayat and rural development department is armed with a letter from the World Bank itself, that praises a recent project of theirs.State panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee, on Wednesday, said he had written to Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh requesting him to see that West Bengal is one of the states finally chosen for the World Bank funded projects.However, there are several flaws in the project which the World Bank has also pointed out in the letter.According to Roberto Zaglia, country director of the World Bank project in India, the \"West Bengal Institutional Strengthening of Gram Panchayats Project\" has made significant progress on a number of fronts since the last Bank mission held in December 2011. \"We note that special attention was given to the timely release of block grant\" and the \"opening of bank accounts with electronic transfer facilities thus reducing time lag in block grants being received by eligible gram panchayats\".Zaglia also mentioned in his letter to chief secretary Samar Ghosh that \"we are happy to note that the government of West Bengal has taken prompt measures on revising the State Finance Commission (SFC) grant release to eligible gram panchayats\".But on the other hand, the World Bank also noted that there is urgent action related to several issues like hiring of public infrastructure coordinators, strengthening the preparation of gram panchayat plans based on priorities and so on.It was pointed out that there is need to review and update gram panchayat planning guidelines, urgently recruiting public infrastructure coordinators. There is also need for formal training of gram panchayat functionaries, which are yet to be rolled out, said the World Bank letter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14311389", "title": "Custodial death stirs row in China", "text": "BEIJING: Hundreds of foreigners on Tuesday protested in China's Guangzhou over the death of a Nigerian in police custody. Some of them pelted stones at police, postings in Chinese websites said.The Beijing-based ambassador of Nigeria rushed to Guangzhou and discussed the matter with local authorities. An investigation into the custodial death has been ordered.Nigeria, like other African countries, shares close ties with China.The Nigerian was brought to a police station on Monday after an altercation over fare with the driver of an electric bicycle used for ferrying passengers. \"They were taken to the police station, but the foreigner fell into a coma and died,\" said a police statement.\"We will investigate the case and make our findings public,\" a police officer in Yuexiu district said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14308698", "title": "Kota police begins probe to identify body, a day after it was buried", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after facing embarrassment for handing over of a corpse to the wrong family, Kota police have begun investigations to identify the buried body.Earlier on Saturday, after family members of one Yaqub Ali (60) were informed that Ali's badly mauled body was lying in a pool of blood, they identified him by his 'beard' and buried him on Monday. However, Ali came back to his house on Tuesday much to the joy of his family members but embarrassing the police. Ali had been missing for some time leading his family to suspect that he was dead.Police now said the body would be exhumed from the graveyard if needed for its identification.Amrit Kalash, IGP (Kota Range) on Wednesday said Kota police has started putting in efforts to identify the body which was mistakenly buried.Attributing the goof up to one of the relatives of Ali, he said, \"Actually this person told Seemliya police station on Monday that his body was lying on the roadside in the village. This person who knew Ali's family also intimated them. The family reached the hospital, confirmed that the dead body was of him. After completing the legal formalities, the body was handed over to them. Thus, it was not our mistake.\"He added that the police have circulated the photographs of the dead body to every police station in Kota and Baran districts. \"We are also tallying the missing reports and will invite family members of the missing people for identification through the photograph of the dead,\" he said.Meanwhile, the police also quizzed the relative who had initially told them about the body.\"We will exhume the body if the relatives after seeing the photograph and identify it but still insist on seeing the body,\" Kalash added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14314319", "title": "'Kahaani' sequel may stall Aditya Chopra\u2019s plans", "text": "Sujoy Ghosh is the man of the watch. Filmmakers in several languages want to remake his Kahaani. While Tamil,Telugu and even English versions of the year's sleeper blockbuster are on the anvil we hear the sequel to Kahaani is now a throbbing reality.Secretly unknown to the world, Ghosh has been feverishly penning the sequel. And now just when the English, Tamil, Telugu versions of Kahaani are in the pipeline producers Viacom 18 and Ghosh are all set to start the sequel. And they want to waste no time in carrying the franchise forward.In fact after Viacom 18 heard of proposed projects in 3 languages of Kahaani they immediately got in touch with film's co-producer Jayanthilal Gadha to discuss how the remakes would effect the sequel. \"Only after Viacom and Gadha were convinced that the sequel would in no way be affected by the remakes did the process of selling remake rights go forward. Viacom was very clear on the issue. The sequel should not and must not be affected by the remakes,\" says a source very close to the project.However a tug 'o' war between the remakes and the sequel is currently on.Says a source close to the project, \"Sujoy who is close to Aditya Chopra and Yashraj Films has been asked to be closely associated with the English-language version of Kahaani. But with Sujoy completely committed to Kahaani 2 and consumed in writing it, his chances of participating in any of the Kahaani remakes is very slim. Viacom 18 are very clear on the issue. They want the sequel to not get affected by the remakes. Sujoy is busy writing the sequel and has cracked an idea.\"While details on Kahaani 2 are awaited two components have been locked in by Viacom 18: Vidya Balan and Sujoy Ghosh. The script we understand, will move out of Kolkata and take Vidya's character to a completely new setting.While further details are awaited Vikram Malhotra of Viacom 18 admitted, \"We are going ahead with the sequel to Kahaani. That's all I can reveal at the moment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14310122", "title": "Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation asked to pay Rs 3.06L for teenager's death", "text": "CHENNAI: A city court has directed the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation to pay a compensation of Rs 3.06 lakh to the family of a 15-year-old boy who died due to the negligence by a bus driver. On September 5, 2007, S Anandan was trying to get into a Madurantakam-Sunambedu bus at Kadapperi bus stop in Madurantakam when the driver started the bus with a jerk, intending to drive the vehicle at a high speed. Due to this, the boy fell down and sustained grievous injuries. He died three days later. A petition by his parents S Santhi and G Sivakumar said the incident occurred due to the driver's negligence. The conductor was also responsible, the petition added, and sought a compensation of Rs 6 lakh. Passing orders, S Meenakshisundaram, chief judge, court of small causes, cited a Supreme Court judgment and awarded a compensation of Rs 3.06 lakh, payable with an interest of 7.5% per annum from the time the petition was filed in 2008 till the date of payment. Authorities were directed to deposit the compensation within two months of the order being passed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14314515", "title": "Producer K Rajagopal passes away", "text": "Producer K Rajagopal, the chief of KRG Productions passed away last night. He was 73. He has produced many hit films including Rajinikanth's Jonny and Kamal Haasan's Sigappu Rojakkal.The final rights will be performed this evening at 4 pm. We offer our condolences to the family and friends of late K Rajagopal.Source: haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14307643", "title": "IHF suspends Daljit Singh Chouhan", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian Hockey Federation (IHF) has unanimously decided to suspend Convener of the Mumbai Hockey Association's (MHA) Umpiring Committee, Daljit Singh Chouhan for three years and has also stripped him off his National Umpires' Badge with immediate effect.According to the IHF, Chouhan had tried to sabotage the IHF-conducted senior hockey nationals for men held at Churchgate's Mahindra Stadium between May 21 and 28, 2012.It was alleged that Chouhan, despite being the Convener of MHA's Umpires' Committee, had threatened officials to not officiate in the tournament. The matter was reported to the IHF, which had sought an explanation from Chouhan. Despite a couple of reminders, Chouhan did not reply.IHF's executive committee which has taken an extremely serious view of this matter, then decided to unanimously hand out the suspension when the committee met in the Capital on June 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14316050", "title": "Only Russell and I know reason for our split: Katy Perry", "text": "Katy Perry has said that only she and her ex-husband Russell Brand will ever know the real reason behind their split.Ever since the breakdown of their marriage last year, there has been much speculation surrounding the reason behind the former couple's break up.\"Nobody knows what really happened except the two people who are in it,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as telling the Hollywood Reporter .In her new documentary style 3D film 'Katy Perry: Part Of Me', 'The California Gurls' hitmaker's marriage demise is touched on.And the singer said that she found it difficult to depict what went down between the couple.Perry said that she wanted to bring \"class and truth\" to the topic in her film.\"Like how I write my songs, honesty has always worked for me.\"So if it ain't broke, why f***ing fix it?\" she said.She also revealed in the interview that during her California Dreams tour she would often breakdown in tears over her personal life between concerts.\"There were times when what was going on in my personal life was so overwhelming that I had to bend over to let those tears fall straight out of my eyes and not my false lashes just as I'm about to go up on that ramp and sing Teenage Dream,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14315844", "title": "Prisoner attempts suicide", "text": "CHENNAI: A 29-year-old inmate of Puzhal prison in Chennai attempted suicide inside the prison by inflicting a cut injury on his neck on Wednesday night.The prison officials found Nandha alias Rajkumar, 29, a resident of Sridevi Nagar in Tiruverkadu, lying in the pool of blood inside his prison cell. The prison staff took him to the Government Royapettah Hospital for treatment. Nandha, who has been sentenced to seven years imprisonment for stealing at Perambur railway station, had met his wife during the visiting hours on Wednesday morning. From then Nandha stayed aloof and didn't talk to anyone, officials said.Perambur railway police had arrested Nandha when he tried to flee after snatching a bag from a passenger on the platform. He was awarded seven years imprisonment on September 27 last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14314740", "title": "Sinister's album features inspirational video", "text": "Happy are those who dream and wish and are willing to pay the price to make them come true. These are just a few of the messages that are being conveyed through this powerful uplifting song.The inspirational video will be featured on Sinister's EP 'Sin City vol.1' &amp; Roti's debut album 'Half Way Home'.Keep an eye open for both upcoming projects which are being released this year. Both label mates have continued to progress with an outstanding work ethic, helping to expand their ever so growing brand. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14310167", "title": "VIPs skirt ban on sun control film", "text": "CHENNAI: The drive against use of sun control film on cars began with a bang, with traffic police officers penalizing more than 3,300 people on the first day that the ban came into force. But the traffic police seem to have left bureaucrats and politicians off the hook. With the exception of police vehicles, all cars at Fort St George continue to sport sun control film. Ambassadors and SUVs with red beacons and 'G' on the number plates all have black sun-control film. Several ministers' cars with the state emblems and cars parked in the MLA parking area also have the shaded film. The Supreme Court had in its order on sun control film addressed the issue of security for VIPs and VVIPs. \"This practice (of bureaucrats using sun control film on their cars) is not supported by law, as no notification by a competent authority has been brought to notice that give exemption vehicles from the operation of Rule 100 or any of its provisions,\" says the section 24 of the order. However, the order also said that the court did not wish to address the issue of security. The order said a committee consisting of the state director-general of police or commissioner of police and the home secretary of the state should draw up a list of people with Z and Z+ security (the highest levels) who may be considered for exemption from the ban. The committee is supposed to examine cases for exemption under law and \"with due application of mind\". However, several senior officials remain ignorant of the rule. \"No committee has been formed in the state. If a person feels he is under threat, he can use sun control film,\" a traffic police officer said. The traffic police deny charges of discrimination while enforcing the rule. \"We book around 1,000 cases every day,\" a traffic police officer said. \"Politicians account for a very small percentage of car owners in the city. We haven't let anyone go.\" Last this month, judges of the Madras high court set an example by removing the shaded film from their car windows and windshields. The police too removed sun control film from their vehicles a few days before they started enforcing the ban. Motorists in the city say it's unfair to let politicians get away. \"It is fine if there is a security issue. But there has to be a proper way to exempt people from the ban,\" said Krishnamoorthy, who drives to work every day. \"If the police are so strict with the common man, they should be equally strict with politicians.\" The campaign against the use of sun control film started off well. The police booked 23,726 cases in May. The ban also created a buzz on Chennai traffic police's Facebook page.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "14314749", "title": "Oz players worried about heat in proposed series against Pakistan", "text": "MELBOURNE: Heat could play spoilsport in the proposed Pakistan-Australia limited-overs series in the UAE as the cricketers from Down Under have \"significant concerns\" about playing there in searing temperatures of August.Pakistan Cricket Board's director for international operations Intikhab Alam has said three ODIs and three Twenty20s are being planned in the UAE in August, one of the hottest months there.Australian Cricketers' Association (ACA) says it was fine with the Twenty20s as they will start in the evening but ODIs are a concern as daytime temperature is expected to be over 40 in the UAE in August.\"How wise is it to be going to a region that you know is going to get up to 45-plus at that time of year?\" ACA chief executive Paul Marsh told a sports news portal.\"That's extreme heat. It's also very humid. It's of significant concern for us at the moment. The health and safety of the players needs to be at the forefront of any decision that is made.\"Marsh said a better idea would be to have six T20s. \"The common-sense approach would be that six Twenty20s is going to be better than three of each because of the weather conditions,\" Marsh said.\"We would rather see them play six Twenty20s if they have to play in the UAE because they could start later and it takes less time. But we have to wait and see what the ICC says.\"\"If the decision is they can't play six Twenty20s then you're faced with the question of what do you do? I'm not an expert on heat but we'll look at it from an occupational health and safety perspective,\" Marsh added.\"We have concerns about the health and safety of our players if they were to have to play 50-over games in those conditions.\"Marsh said even a 5pm start for ODIs would be tough on the players.\"Five o'clock is still going to be pretty warm,\" he said. \"At least with a T20 you could start it at eight or nine o'clock and finish at 11 or midnight and then you'd be getting out of the heat of the day. A three-hour game versus an eight-hour game is obviously the issue.\"Cricket Australia has also expressed concerns about the heat in the UAE with CEO James Sutherland saying players have to be protected from extreme weather conditions.\"It's a time of year when it is very hot and humid in the UAE,\" Sutherland said.\"It will be hot for our players and it will be hot for their players. We would expect both countries would have concerns about that and would be doing everything they can to minimise that effect.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14307439", "title": "Court notice to government on Chandy's role in palmolein deal", "text": "KOCHI: The high court on Wednesday sought explanation from the state government on a petition filed by opposition leader V S Achuthanandan seeking fresh hearing on the role of chief minister Oommen Chandy in the 1992 palmolein import deal. Admitting the petition filed through advocate T B Hood, justice S S Satheesachandran ordered that a notice be sent to the government asking it to file an affidavit explaining its stance on the allegation. Senior counsel K Gopalakrishna Kurup appeared for Achuthanandan.V S has alleged that the ruling by the Thrissur vigilance special judge in the case had violated the principle of natural justice as around a dozen judgments of the Supreme Court presented before the judge had not been considered while passing the order, which gave Chandy a clean chit. The former chief minister's contention is that Chandy, who was then the finance minister, had a role in it as the deal couldn't have been finalized without his knowledge and permission.The case relates to the loss of Rs 2.32 crore to the exchequer due to non-negotiation of 15% service fee for importing palmolein. Rejecting petitions by V S and BJP leader Alphons Kannanthanam, the vigilance judge had ruled that there was no evidence against Chandy. The judge also accepted the Vigilance and Anti-Corruption Bureau report that said the present chief minister had no role in the 1992 deal.Last December, the high court set aside the observations and findings of the Thiruvananthapuram vigilance judge against Oommen Chandy. He had observed that the UDF leader was aware of the non-negotiation of the service fee; that the deal was allotted without inviting tenders, and that the contract was in violation of Central government guidelines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14309195", "title": "Fitness tests introduced by Delhi University hit a hurdle", "text": "NEW DELHI: The fitness test before the final trials for admission in the sport category, introduced by Delhi University this year, is proving to be a hurdle. From the early experiences in the test, which started on Tuesday, in a few colleges such as Jesus and Mary, Hansraj and St Stephen's, aspirants feel that either the fitness tests should have been centralized or completely done away with. Candidates as well as college authorities are also questioning the logic of having a fitness test for games like chess, archery and shooting. Students who play chess were being disqualified at the fitness tests on Tuesday at Hansraj College. And neither the college authorities nor the students are amused. \"This is a ridiculous rule. I have seen a friend of mine who got disqualified from the chess trials just because he was not fit for the 50 metres sprint! Moreover, if I have to take trials in five colleges I will have to undergo fitness test five times. Why can't the fitness certificate of one college be accepted by other DU colleges?\" questioned a badminton player after his trials on Wednesday at Hansraj. Even college authorities are questioning the logic behind the new rule. A member of the sports committee at Hansraj said: \"We can't do anything but follow the university admission policy. But we are feeling sorry for candidates coming for fitness trials and more for those who play games like chess, which is a mental game.\" \"Right now we can't do anything as the rules have been set, but we will definitely give our suggestions to the university,\" said principal of Hansraj, V K Kwatra. \"One fitness test should have been sufficient. We are yet to face any difficulty as our trials have not yet started, but definitely there will be clash of timings due to these factors,\" said principal of Gargi College, Meera Ramachandran. Meanwhile, Hansraj saw a hectic day as it conducted trials in eight disciplines. In fact the shooting range which closes at 5 pm has was kept open till 6.30 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "14311014", "title": "Polsara tense after BJD men's murder", "text": "BERHAMPUR: A tense Polsara wore a deserted look on Wedensday as vehicles remained off the roads and shops and business establishments were closed in protest against the killing of the two BJD supporters on Tuesday evening.Hundreds of BJD supporters, led by Polasara MLA Niranjan Pradhan, took out a rally in the town and took the bodies of Meghanada Sahu (30) and Amulya Sethi (35) for cremation. There was palpable tension in the area, but senior police officers, including Ganjam SP Rajesh Pandit, were camping in the town to ward off any untoward incident.Sahu and Sethi were gunned down by at least four motorcycle-borne assailants, when they were standing near a bus-stand. Locals took them to a nearby hospital, where doctors declared them brought dead. The two were known as strong supporters of Pradhan. At least five different cases were pending against Sahu, sources said.Hundreds of people gathered in front of the police station with the two bodies after the incident on Tuesday night. They demanded immediate action against the culprits. The mob damaged a police vehicle by pelting stones. Police suspect personal enmity might be the cause of the incident, and ruled out political reasons behind the murder. \"The exact cause of the incident was yet to be ascertained. We are looking into the matter,\" Chhatrapur SDPO Shantanu Padhy said.Local MLA Niranjan Pradhan condemned the incident. He demanded immediate arrest of the persons behind the killings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14310258", "title": "Drizzle fails to bring down temperature", "text": "CHENNAI: Several parts of the city received a slight drizzle on Wednesday evening. The Met department, however, did not record any rain. For the third day, Chennai continued to be cloudy. \"Clouds intensified over the southern peninsula on Tuesday,\" said a Met official. Though it drizzled in the evening, the city recorded a maximum temperature of 39 degrees Celsius. \"At Teynampet, I saw vehicles that were wet, though the roads remain dry,\" said P Narayanan, a commuter. At Saidapet, the drizzle lasted just a few minutes. \"It was gone in no time,\" said Ramalingam a resident of Saidapet. On Monday, temperature had dipped by 4 degrees Celsius. Met officials say that heat will be back on Thursday. \"The maximum temperature will be around 39 degrees,\" read the forecast. The forecast also says that the skies will be generally cloudy. Rain and thundershower may occur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14310450", "title": "NGO raises concern over government\u2019s path to development", "text": "PUNE: City-based NGO Kalpavriksh has raised concerns over the pursuit of economic growth and the path of development adopted by the Union government, which has shown scant respect towards environment and communities dependent on nature.Kalpavriksh member Ashish Kothari, who is attending the ongoing UN conference on sustainability development at Earth Summit Rio+20, being held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, has in a letter raised the issue with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . Singh is expected to attend the summit next week.Kothari's letter states: \"Our single-minded pursuit of economic growth has increased the rate at which we are trashing the eco-system. For example, of the total forest land cleared for mining since 1981, 50% of the mining activities have taken place in the last 10 years. We have displaced more and more number of people, allowed or encouraged grabbing of land and sustained or increased serious inequalities. Like other countries, India needs fundamental changes in its developmental paths and better pro-active empowerment of poor people so that they can enhance their livelihood and life-chances\".Kothari said the Rio+20 has failed to tackle the urgent crisis of inequities and inequalities among people. Hunger, poverty, unemployment and various other forms of deprivation continue. \"All available evidence suggests that we have overstepped several ecological limits and show no signs of changing course. Rather, the current path of 'development' has brought this crisis\", the letter stated.Speaking to TOI, he said, \"We have urged governments to assess, with public participation, the impact of currently prevalent policies and strategies of 'development,' especially from the point of view of whether they are ecologically sustainable\".Representing the civil society, Kothari is making presentations and participating in discussions on various issues, like energy, food security, water, biodiversity, urban areas and transport, at the ongoing Rio+20.Earth Summit Rio+20, officially named the United Nations conference on sustainable development, is taking place after 20 years of the first historic summit in Rio de Janeiro held in 1992, and 10 years after the 2002 Johannesburg summit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14309120", "title": "Snag affects Mundka line", "text": "NEW DELHI: Metro commuters were stranded for more than half an hour after three trains going towards Mundka slowed down on Wednesday evening. DMRC officials said a problem in the overhead electrification caused the delay. There were long queues at the Inderlok and Ashok Park stations due to the delay. While DMRC officials said the problem lasted for 15 minutes, commuters said they had to wait for over 30 minutes before they could board a Metro. Pratap Singh, who was travelling from Kirti Nagar to Mundka, said he waited for half an hour before he decided to board the Metro from the other end. \"Commuters continued to stream in and that led to a great rush,\" he said. A DMRC spokesperson confirmed there was a problem around 6.45pm. \"There was a problem with the overhead electrification, which affected power supply to trains,\" said the spokesperson. \"Our teams resolved the issue in 15 minutes,\" said a DMRC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14314947", "title": "Jassi Jalandhari's Mohabbtan", "text": "The album features seasoned folk music icons like Maddan Maddi, Meshi Eshara, Manjit Pappu, also featuring the modern style of Hap-ee and bringing back the 'Californian King' Bhinda Jatt.\"I am very pleased to have worked with such an array of singers on this album and bringing the likes of Bhinda Jatt back to his traditional style with a bang!\" explains Jassi. \"I'm also introducing a new singer called Sonu G who is from Punjab. I'm sure the Bhangra fans out there will be very impressed with his vocal style. I look forward to the fans feedback.\"Jassi last featured on the debut project by Kalikwest in early 2012 and since the release of the anthem 'Traditional Tribute' which featured the vocals of Manjit Pappu, Jassi has seen his stock rise. And with his debut with VIP Records looks set to further establish his particular UK-fused Punjabi sound to the wider audience. With his deep-rooted desi-beats laced with some typically emotionally charged lyrics, Jassi's work with some of the top voices and melody-makers has most definitely influenced his musical path.Lyrics is penned by the legendary Jandu Littranwala, hit maker Amarjit Musapuria, Billu Kang, Jitt Salala,the romance of Surinderjit Maqsudpuri's voice, and Jassi himself singing and writing, this album shows the versatility and a somewhat personal, interpretation of love and happiness with 'Mohabbtan'.Watch out for Jassi Jalandhari's debut with VIP Records, ' Mohabbtan ' out on the 28th of June 2012!Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14310568", "title": "Acute shortage of electricity meters irks Trichy residents", "text": "Trichy: The move by the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO) Limited to allow new electricity consumers of the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) to buy meters from a few authorised dealers has come in for criticism from people as many of them have return empty-handed due to shortage of meters from the dealers in Trichy.In accordance with the announcement from TANGEDCO, Trichy, those who enrolled for getting new EB connections can buy the meters for single and three-phase connections from the four authorised dealers of two meter manufacturing companies Larsen &amp; Toubro and Linkwell. As of now, as many as 12,000 consumers are waiting for the connections since December last year in Trichy district itself. The process commenced from June 1, 2012, and since then, the consumers are making a beeline to the four dealers. In addition to the consumers from Trichy district, people from six neighbouring districts are also forced to be at the mercy of the four dealers. Hence the demand has outpaced supply in those shops, resulting in a delay in getting meters.\"We have to wait a whole day to buy a meter as the number of consumers has increased. The shops cannot fulfil demand and send back consumers. The TANGEDCO makes people worry due to its inability to supply the meters. They may at least increase the number of outlets to make the process faster,\" said A Basheer Ahamed from Trichy.K Manoharan from Anna Nagar said, \"Due to the shortage of meters, we use a single metre for more than one house and that forces us to cough up more money as per the new slab. So it is clear that the problem will come to an end immediately.\"According to TNEB, consumers may buy meters from the authorised dealers from other districts like Chennai and Coimbatore.However, consumers are not ready to spend on transportation in addition to the extra cost to be incurred on buying the meters outside Trichy.M Sekaran, president of the federation of consumer and service organisations, raises an objection to the process that TANGEDCO should not restrict consumers from buying meters from particular dealers as it is against consumer rights guaranteed by the Consumer Protection Act, 1986.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14308278", "title": "Local film distributor claims distribution rights of Bol Bachchan", "text": "NAGPUR: A local film distributor has approached the district sessions court claiming breach of contract by producers of the soon to be released Ajay Devgan starrer 'Bol Bachchan'. The court has ordered M/s Ajay Devgan Films (ADF) &amp; M/s Shree Ashtavinayak Cine Vision Ltd representatives to be present in court at 11am on Thursday for hearing on the matter.Heera Laxmi Amusements Pvt Ltd (HLA) is a city-based company owned by Appu Wadhwani, who is into film distribution. As per the application by Wadhwani's lawyer, HLA had entered into an agreement in October last year with the producers of Bol Bachchan for exclusive rights to distribute the movie across the country. HLA claims the agreement was finalized for a sum of Rs 53.20 crores and an initial deposit of Rs 1.10 crore was paid by them.The court case by HLA adds that rather than completing the remaining formalities, the producers sent a new draft agreement via email which was 'inconsistent and contrary to the terms and conditions agreed upon between the two parties'. Even though HLA took up the matter with the producers, it is alleged that the latter kept delaying discussions. HLA alleges that it 'cannot be ruled out that the producers were intending to frustrate the contract in favour of HLA probably because the producers received better and higher offer from a third party'.HLA adds that Bol Bachchan producers have neither returned the initial deposit nor have they communicated their intent to do anything different. HLA then published a caution notice in TOI-Mumbai on May 24 this year claiming distribution rights over the movie. Wadhwani's HLA has appealed to the court to restrain the producers from entering into any new contract which will create third party rights over the movie.The matter will now be heard in the principal judge's court on Thursday at 11am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "cuddalore", "code": "14310837", "title": "TN man kills sister for marrying boyfriend", "text": "CUDDALORE: In yet another incident of honour killing, a 28 year-old-man hacked his sister to death on Tuesday night in Tamil Nadu's Cuddalore district for secretly marrying her boyfriend.Police said Aspavathy, 26, a postgraduate, secretly married her boyfriend P Somu, 28, hailing from a nearby village four months ago without the consent of her family. Even though they belonged to the same community, her parents and brother had strongly objected to her decision to marry Somu.Aspavathy on Tuesday night disclosed that she had married Somu. It led to a wordy duel between her and family members. Her brother K Ashok, an employee of a private company in Chennai, hacked her in a fit of rage. The woman sustained severe bleeding injuries in the head. She was admitted to Vridhachalam government general hospital and was later referred to Cuddalore government general hospital. However, she died on the way to the hospital.Police registered a case against Ashok and arrested him on Wednesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14308467", "title": "Passport office to clear 500 more online applications daily", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shaken by the rising public anger against messy implementation of the new internet-based passport application system, the ministry of external affairs on Wednesday put in place a number of measures that are expected to make it easier for people to apply for passports. Some of these measures will come into effect immediately and a few more are likely to be announced on Friday.Among the steps taken right away is a hike in the number of daily online appointments by 500. This is expected to ease up some pressure on applicants. Right now, the window for making online applications is exceedingly short. The hike by 500 is expected to make this window a little larger. What's more, the passport office will now work also on Saturdays in Delhi. In other words, 12,000 more passport applications will be dealt with every month.These measures, as well as some more, were taken in the wake of The Times of India highlighting the pain of passport applicants in a series of reports. \"We have treated the matter with utmost concern after the TOI reports. We will be releasing more appointment slots every day, little by little, and in 15 days you will see a definite impact,\" said chief passport officer (CPO) and joint secretary in the MEA, Muktesh Kumar Pardeshi .The MEA has said that all Passport Seva Kendras (PSKs) will be increasing their capacity to deal with applicants over the next fortnight. The ministry also said that family tokens will be issued to allow family members to seek appointments together. In order to tackle touts and recalcitrant babus, the ministry said the online process would be made more transparent and anyone asking for money to play the system would face strict action.Ministry officials promised that the website would be revisited to ensure that all requirement of documents are clearly mentioned. This will ensure that there will be no suprises or whimsical demands for documents. Together with the stick, the ministry is expected to shortly announce the carrot - a monetary incentive policy for those clearing a higher number of applications.The ministry has decided to make one passport centre dedicated for passports under the Tatkal scheme. Right now because of the mess, Tatkal passport application do not get any real advantage despite paying an additional Rs 2,500.Starting Thursday, the Bhikaji Cama Place PSK will accommodate 500 more online appointments, taking the total number of booking slots allotted to Delhi to 2,000. Pardeshi claimed that PSKs in Delhi have been witnessing a trend of roughly 30% online applicants not showing up on the appointed day. Calling it a \"sheer waste of resource\", Pardeshi said the MEA has factored in this absenteeism and will release more slots accordingly.A special token intended to serve families better is also in the pipeline. TOI readers had complained that they couldn't book online appointments for their families on the same day as theirs. This new token, Pardeshi said, would solve this problem.The ambiguities in the passport application process have been another concern. Both MEA and Tata Consultancy Services have claimed that the new system is \"absolutely transparent\" and \"smooth\". When TOI investigated the issue, it found that information pertaining to the mandatory documents displayed on the portal, www.passportindia.gov.in, was not in consonance with the ones asked by the PSKs. When PSKs were asked the reason, they said they reserved the right to demand additional documents.This will not happen anymore, said the CPO. \"We are working on our portal and will soon upload an advisory for applicants. The process will be explained in detail and hopefully, nobody will face any inconvenience at the PSKs in terms of 'surprise demands',\" Pardeshi said.But what about those people who fail to book appointments online and have to seek help from agents, who charge hefty amounts for bookings? \"We are issuing instructions to all passport offices to lodge FIRs against anyone found claiming to arrange for multiple bookings in exchange for money. We are also considering an idea to rope in the postal department into the process. Post offices can book online appointments for a token fee and keep agents out of the picture completely,\" said Basant K Gupta, additional secretary, consular passport &amp; visa division, MEA.Passport promises500 more online appointment slots for Passport Seva Kendra at Bhikaji Cama Place, taking total number of slots for Delhi to 2,000.Tokens to allow entire family to turn up on same day for appointment.Passport offices to lodge FIRs against those promising multiple bookings for fee.Post offices may be alllowed to book online appointments for applicants without Net access.Website to list details of all mandatory documents. PSKs can't turn away applicants by saying they reserve right to demand additional papers.Likely announcements on FridayDedicated office for processing Tatkaal applications.All passport offices to work on Saturdays too.Special incentive scheme for staff for faster processing.QuoteWe have treated the matter with utmost concern after the TOI reports. In 15 days you will see a definite impact\u2014Muktesh Kumar Pardeshi, chief passport officerTimes ViewIt's good that the authorities are responding to media reports on the problems being faced by passport applicants. It's hoped that what's been announced will actually be done right away. We want a transparent and an efficient system for issuing passports. And an Internet-based system can achieve that. Transparency will, of course, mean that certain vested interests - from touts to corrupt passport office babus - will be badly hit. And these interests are trying to derail a more transparent system. There must be a firm message from the top that the system will be cleaned up and anyone found to be subverting it will be dealt with firmly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14310565", "title": "Woman at Government Rajaji Hospital suspended for graft", "text": "MADURAI: Collector Anshul Mishra on Wednesday cracked down on corruption at the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) and suspended a lower grade staff after she was found to demand bribe from patients in the maternity ward.During his visit on Wednesday, women in the maternity ward complained to him that they were pestered for bribe. Stung by the plethora of corruption among the lower echelons of the government hospital and fleecing of patients, the hospital authorities have planned to install surveillance cameras in key wards of the sprawling GH campus.Mishra made a surprise visit to the 1600-bed government hospital, established in 1842, and inquired the patients in the paediatric, maternity wards and intensive care unit about the treatment and care given to them.At the maternity ward, an aged woman complained that a hospital staff demanded Rs 500 to bring her daughter's newborn baby from the operation theatre to the ward. When Mishra asked her to identify the staff, the aged woman pointed her fingers towards Indrani, a stretcher-bearer. Mishra immediately ordered hospital authorities to suspend Indrani and subsequently she was suspended. Mishra warned other hospital staff to desist from corrupt practices.Patients say that it is only the tip of an iceberg. They are being fleeced by the lower rung hospital staff every day for performing their duties right from moving patients in wheel chairs. Besides hospital staff, middlemen also have a field day in the GH.On June 5, during Mishra's previous visit to the hospital, a 59-year-old man was caught red-handed charging money from gullible patients claiming to get their X-ray images faster as he knew people inside. The man, Murugesan, was handed over to police and arrested later.\"It is primarily the lower rung staff, about 45 permanent employees and 40 contract workers who are found to fleece patients. But we could not take much action as patients seldom come forward to complain apparently due to fear that they will need the services of these workers again,\" said a hospital official.Edwin Joe, dean, GRH, said that they are seized of the situation. \"We have planned to install CCTV cameras in the hospital. We will study the number vantage points and install as many cameras. To start with, we will install in the gynaecology ward and then the casualty ward where fleecing of patients seems to be more,\" he said.The hospital had as many as 15 such cameras installed three years back when a new born was stolen. But most of the cameras are now dysfunctional. \"We hope that the cameras would put and end to the woes of the patients. For funds, we have planned to approach the district administration,\" Joe said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14309996", "title": "60-yr-old jumps off 5th floor, dies", "text": "NOIDA: A 60-year-old woman allegedly jumped to her death from her fifth floor apartment in Jalvayu Vihar in Sector 21 on Wednesday. Police said the deceased, identified as Suman Srivastava, was the wife of a retired NTPC director and died of severe head injury. Cops added that Suman was under depression and may have killed herself as a result of that. Her body has been sent for post mortem and further probe is being conducted. Suman's family members confirmed that she had been suffering from depression for the last few months and undergoing treatment for that. SP (City), Yogesh Kumar Singh, said, \"Suman's husband Ramesh Chand Srivastava is retired director (HR) from NTPC. He is currently working in a private company situated in Hydrabad as a consultant. Her son Devesh is a hotel management graduate and is working with a leading five-star hotel. Her daughter Swati stays in the US.\" \"At the time of incident, Ramesh Srivastava was present inside the house. He was repairing his mobile phone when the deceased opened the window and jumped off. When he came to know about Suman's action, he and other residents of the area rushed towards the spot and found her in pool of blood. Suman was taken to Kailash hospital where she was declared dead,\" Singh added. \"The family has informed us that the deceased was undergoing medical treatment in Kailash hospital. A team has been formed to find out the exact cause behind the incident,\" Singh added. The deceased's post mortem has been conducted and the body handed over to her family, cops added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14311110", "title": "Free implant surgery for Centre staff at city hospital", "text": "NASHIK: The city's Indorewala (ENT) Hospital is the only private hospital in the country to now be authorized by the central government to perform cashless cochlear implants for Central government employees. The implants are an expensive surgical process costing close to Rs 6.5 lakh per surgery.\"The government considered Dr Shabbir Indorewala's medical service and his research in the field after which it made the decision to offer the procedure free for Central government employees. \" said Dr Yusuf Punjabi, a doctor attached to he hospital.Dr Indorewala, who is known for performing the surgery without stitches, has performed 8000 such operations. He said he felt honoured that his hospital was the only one in the private sector to be chosen by the Centre to offer the cashless benefit. \"We are also trying to get the state government to consider the idea as well. Like other government employees, state employees get reimburses for medical expenses on producing medical bills. But they have to pay out of their pockets at the time of the surgery. Since cochlear implants are an expensive surgical option, the cashless scheme would help,\" Indorewala said.Punjabi added that efforts have been made over the last several years to make the surgical treatment available as a cashless expense.\"Patients can save Rs 6.5 lakh on these operations now,\" Dr Punjabi saidIndorewala has also appealed to charitable organizations to help the underprivileged children who suffer from congenital deafness.If they avail of the implant within five years of birth, their hearing can be restored.Similarly, adults who have turned deaf due to injury may also stand to benefit from cochlear implant surgeries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14308398", "title": "Minority pupils without leaving certificates in spot as admissions start", "text": "MUMBAI: Admissions to junior college minority institutes have already begun, but some students, who are on the merit list, have not been able to confirm their seats as some schools are yet to release their Leaving Certificates (LC).Despite their names appearing on the minority merit lists, the absence of LC has left these students stranded.lurch is posing to be a problem for students making it impossible for students to confirm their seats with junior colleges where their name has appeared in the minority merit lists.\"Since the SSC marksheets will be released only by Friday, colleges are demanding school leaving certificates at the time of admission. Several students and parents, who were in the college for admission today, were hassled and helpless,\" said Marie Fernandes, principal of St Andrew's College, Bandra.On Wednesday, students who were on the first minority list of the college came for admissions. A whole lot of them ended up seeking help from the principal. \"I personally called many of school principals to help them and understand the problem. Some principals assured that the certificates will be issued by Thursday, but some refused to even respond,\" she added.The deputy director of education (school) had informed all the education inspectors from all zones to inform schools to issue LC to SSC students so that they can apply for admissions in junior colleges.\"Over the past couple of days, we too have received complaints from some students of not having received the LC. We contacted the schools and asked them to issue the certificates immediately,\" said a senior official from the department. He also added that while a majority of schools have finished this process, only a few schools are yet to act on the notice.Colleges are, however, helpless as they need to finish the admission process for the minority quota by Saturday. \"We need to surrender the remaining seats for online admissions process and we cannot confirm the admissions without an LC,\" said the principal of an Andheri college. \"Most of the schools that are yet to issue the certificates are Catholic schools. They remain shut on Thursday. Students might end up waiting till Friday before they get hold of their LC,\" the principal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14315434", "title": "Ilayaraja\u2019s song for 2012 London Olympics", "text": "Come this July, and you'd see maestro Ilayaraja adding another jewel in his crown. As per Olympics tradition, every country's rich tradition will be highlighted and sources say that Ilayaraja's song will be part of the medley of music tracks to be used in the inaugural programme. A Tamil film song composed by him in the early 1980s has made it to the playlist of grand opening ceremony of London Olympics this year.'Nanthaan Ungappanda' song is going to be conducted in a spectacular fashion by Danny Boyle , the director of 'Slumdog Millionaire'. This is a song from the 1981 Kamal Hassan film 'Ram Lakshman', and apart from this, few other numbers of world music will be played during the event. What's more the music director himself has been surprised by this decision since this is not a popular number amongst his chartbusters.The 2012 London Olympic ceremony will witness spectacular celebrations of British culture watched by an estimated global audience of four billion and it's a great honor for Ilayaraja to be part of this magnificent event. Take a bow sir!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14308851", "title": "Cabinet blocks proposal to lend more powers to the Mayor", "text": "MUMBAI: Passage of the bill to lend more powers to the Mayor will not be smooth. There is strong opposition to it within the state government.This became clear at the state cabinet meeting on Wednesday, when senior ministers from both the Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) camp disputed it.In what could have permanently alter the contours of functioning in the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), and 25 other civic bodies, the state urban development (UD) department, which is headed by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, had proposed modification in laws to make Mayor as the ex-officio chairman of the all-powerful standing committee.The standing committee, a statutory body, enjoys powers to take decision regarding proposals and projects with financial implications. As the head of the committee, the standing committee chairman has a major say in deciding how the civic budget should be spent. The department has proposed doing away with the existing practice, where committee members appoint one among them as the chairman. The move would have significantly increased the clout and the importance of the Mayor's post, especially in the BMC where the budget size is over Rs 26,850 crore.The opposition to the bill became evident in the Congress party's pre-cabinet meeting itself. Industries minister Narayan Rane , who has previously served as the standing committee chairman, vehemently opposed it. Rane was the first to raise the matter at the cabinet meeting too. The minister questioned the need for disturbing the existing set-up and said that the proposed amendment would only lead to centralization of powers with one person. The department justified the move by saying that the practice was in place in municipal corporations in other states. It further said that a similar model was also observed in the case of municipal councils and zilla parishads in the state. \"The Mayor is the most decorated and celebrated post in a civic body. It deserves to have a say in decisions involving financial implications,\" the department officials informed the cabinet. The department said that the Mayor's post deserved more powers, and claimed that the existing set-up led to emergence of multiple power centers. Rane however countered saying that the government should consider bringing back the Mayor-in-council (MIC) in that case. Under the MIC, the Mayor enjoyed executive powers.The NCP camp also rose in opposition, with rural development department minister Jayant Patil questioning the \"reason for bringing such a proposal.\" Murmurs were heard from the NCP camp after the meeting that the move was aimed at upsetting the balance of power in Thane Municipal Corporation, where Sena holds the Mayor's post and NCP the standing committee. The Congress camp and UD officials refuted the conspiracy theory.Chavan said that there was a lot of opposition to the proposal and asked his department to rethink on it. Sources said that standing committee chairpersons from a number of corporations had approached ministers requesting them to oppose the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14309976", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav writes to Prime Minister, seeks more haj quota", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Wednesday wrote to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh demanding additional quota for haj pilgrims travelling to Mecca and Medina from Uttar Pradesh.Akhilesh said if an increase was not possible, the numbers should at least be kept at 2011 levels -- when 32,532 pilgrims from UP were allowed to go on haj.Saying that UP accounts for one-fourth of the total haj pilgrims fom India, Akhilesh said this year the Haj Committee of India has only allotted a quota of 29,388 to UP.In May, cabinet minister Azam Khan had raised the issue of lowered allocation with the president of the Haj Committee of India, Mohsina Kidwai.However, despite Khan's letter and UP's demand for 36,754 haj seats, no consideration has been shown to the state. Since India's haj quota remains unaltered and UP's Muslim population has also not dipped, Akhilesh, in his letter, said it is unfathomable why state's quota has been reduced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14308470", "title": "Two mobile phones shops looted, expensive handsets taken", "text": "AJMER: Burglars have broken into two mobile phones shops located just 50 metres away from the Clock Tower police station here and escaped with handsets worth nearly Rs 10 lakh. The incident happened on Tuesday night and tension prevailed when the shopkeepers of the market found out early on Wednesday.Theft cases have increased in the city in the last 15 days and the thieves have become bolder by robbing two shops situated right in front row of clock tower police station which is the main police station of the city. \"They entered Shiv Radios and Kamal Radios last night by breaking the shutters of these shops and took away mobile handsets,\" police said.Shopkeepers said the shops where burglary happened is on the main road and police constables of the station were supposed to remain active on the road the whole night. \"These shops are just near to the main gate of goods go-down of railway station and passengers as well as constables of GRP and RPF remain on duty. But even them the slip, the burglars robbed the shops,\" a shopkeeper lamented.\"The thieves had not touched anything except expensive mobile handsets from both the shops,\" police said. The incident put the police on high alert and a special team has been formed to catch these thieves. Assistant sub inspector Prakash Singh called for fingerprint experts to get more clues on the identities of the burglars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14311025", "title": "Man gets life for parking lot murder", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A city court on Wednesday sentenced a man to life imprisonment for stabbing his business partner to death near a shopping mall in Kharavel Nagar last year.The convict, Chita Ranjan Das alias Tuna (35), had hacked Santu Ghose (32) with a dagger in full public view in front of Big Bazaar on May 15, 2011.Santu and Tuna had been running an unauthorized parking lot in front of the shopping complex for two months prior to the murder. \"They did not possess license to run it,\" said Santu's elder brother Pintu.Police attributed the murder to Santu's rift with his partner over share of profits. \"The convict was looking for an opportunity to settle scores with Santu. The duo had a spat over fee sharing hours before the murder. Judge Sarojini Mohapatra found him guilty and sentenced him to life imprisonment,\" associate public prosecutor (fast track court-IV) Pradipta Kumar Mishra said.Tuna was arrested hours after the murder. Both were residents of Kharavel Nagar area. Sources said Tuna was earlier arrested for allegedly pelting stones at a politician's vehicle in Salepur.The murder in busy Kharavel Nagar locality had triggered panic among commuters and shoppers. The incident then had brought to fore the slack attitude of Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) and Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) in tackling the menace of illegal parking operators in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14307177", "title": "Last 2 days to fill FYJC online forms", "text": "MUMBAI: With just two days left for junior college students to fill up online admission forms, most schools and guidance centres are finishing up the final few forms that need to be confirmed on the website. By Tuesday evening, close to 1.25 lakh students from various boards had finished filling up their online forms.\"The website is functioning properly and most students have completed the process of form-filling. While Thursday is the last day to fill forms online, students can rectify errors on their forms till 2pm on June 22, Friday,\" said an official from the office of the deputy director of education (schools). \"Like every year, colleges will see a rush for admissions, but the process will be smoother than last year as admissions for bifocal subjects will take place after the online admissions are over.\"Admissions for bifocal subjects will be conducted offline by individual colleges after the online admissions are over.A few minority colleges announced their first junior college merit list on Tuesday. While some colleges noticed a dip in the cut-offs, others saw an increase of 1-3% as compared to last year. Cut-offs for bifocal subjects remained high in most colleges. At St Andrew's College in Bandra (W), the cut-offs for computer science and information technology (IT) stood at 88.36% and 87% respectively, almost 4% and 2% higher than last year. The cut-off in the Arts stream has gone up by 7%.At SIES College of Science, Sion, the cut-off for computer science was 90.54%, electronics 90.36% and IT 90.54%. \"The cut-offs are lower than last year's for minority quota, but are still on the higher side,\" said Harsha Mehta, principal of the college. Jai Hind and St Xavier's colleges announced their second merit list under the minority quota on Tuesday.The first online merit list for the general category will be announced on June 27 at 5pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14309190", "title": "She planned her own kidnap drama", "text": "BANGALORE: The \"abducted-and-rescued\" daughter of former MP HG Ramulu is suspected to have run away on her own, police sources said. They said that till now, investigations failed to establish the involvement of any person other than the victim, Vishnuvandana, 47, throughout the 12-hour kidnap drama.Her recurrent wheezing problem and fragile health have prevented her interrogation, leaving police clueless on the motives that drove her.Sources said that Vishuvandana allegedly planned and executed her kidnap drama. She carried enough money and made all the preparations, they pointed out.On Monday evening, Vishnuvandana took an autorickshaw from Jayanagar Shopping Complex, where she had gone with her husband Ravikumar and cousin Dolly. She headed straight to Shantinagar bus terminal, where she boarded a Volvo bus to Chennai. On reaching Chennai, she went to the railway station and had purchased a train ticket to Hyderabad when city police picked her up.Senior police officers said no arrest had been made. \"As of now, we are not in a position to give out any details. We are questioning her and want to confirm the details we've received before making any statement,\" said Sonia Narang, deputy commissioner of police (South).Kidnap taleVishnuvandana was allegedly abducted from the busy complex area on Monday evening. A couple reportedly accosted her, her husband Ravikumar of Hyderabad and cousin Dolly, and took the victim aside on the pretext of saying something to her.Vishnuvandana went missing and later called her husband and told him that she had been abducted, and that her kidnappers were demanding a ransom of Rs 35 lakh. Police tracked down Vishnuvandana at Chennai railway station early on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14314925", "title": "Billa 2 goes to Mumbai Censor Board", "text": "Ajith starrer Billa2 was awarded with an 'A' certificate by the censor officials last week. But there are still speculations on Billa 2 release. Initially, it was said that in order to avoid clash with Karthi's Saguni, the makers of the film postponed the release.But then it was said that the final copy of the film got delayed and the makers have postponed the release. Now, the latest we hear is that unhappy with an 'A' certificate, the producers have opted to send the film for re-censor. It is said that Sunir Kheterpal, one of the producers of Billa 2, was unhappy with 'A' certification and the cuts made by the Regional Censor Board and he reportedly wanted 'U/A'. Hence, the Regional Censor Board officials has referred Billa 2 to the Mumbai Censor Board to see if it could be granted 'U/A' certification. With repeated postponement of Billa 2 release, it should now be seen whether the makers of the film would get justice in the Mumbai Censor Board.Source: cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14309036", "title": "Language no barrier for Chinese nationals on multi-level marketing mission in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: At first sight , it appeared as if the 30-something Chinese man was asking for directions. After a nod of the head and a smile, he displayed a card he was holding in one hand, and started pointing at it with the other.\"Dear friend,\" it read, \"we are business owners from China. We would like to tell you about an attractive new business opportunity for you. Follow me if you are interested.\" You ask, \"Where to?\" The man replies, \"No English. Come,\" and starts making his way to one of the shopping malls.Inside the MGF Mega City mall, where the man took this correspondent, the scene became more business-like and things started to make more sense. The coffee joint on the ground-floor lobby was where we were headed. Dozens of Chinese nationals were present in the cafe, talking animatedly with some of the locals who had signed up for this great 'business opportunity'.These business owners were part of the Chinese wing of an international product, a direct-selling firm. And this scene being played out in the mall lobby was part of a recruitment drive, carried out by the new arrivals from China, hoping to increase their business-base in an emerging market like Gurgaon. \"You must be thinking why we are stopping people like this,\" said a young Chinese girl who identified herself as Celine. \"We have no contacts here. That is why we are approaching people on the roads,\" she said in broken English. Celine says that she, along with the rest of her group, came to Gurgaon of their own accord and at their own expense. \"You want to sign up? You have an ID? You should attend the seminar this evening.\"From the looks of it, the Chinese group seems to be making inroads. \"Many people have come to sign up. You should too,\" said another young girl, who gave out a business card that read Ms Wendy and had both India and China phone numbers. In the multi-marketing model that the company follows, a direct-seller is required to get new buyers as well as new sellers to move the products in the market. Any sales made guarantees income not just for the seller, but also for the person who recruited him. And in Gurgaon, this business expansion model is now being followed by many expats.The manager of the Gurgaon branch of the company said there are about 150 Chinese nationals in the city doing this work at the moment. \"They come on their own. We don't have anything to do with it. Some stay in hotels , some rent apartments,\" he told TOI. The manager said the groups have been coming for six months now. Of late, some groups have come from post-tsunami Japan too. \"There are people also from Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand . If people see a foreign face, they are more willing to sign up,\" he said.The manager added that the foreign nationals are here on business visas. \"They come on their own, do business and leave,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "warangal/karimnagar", "code": "14307704", "title": "Seed shortage takes regional colour", "text": "WARANGAL/KARIMNAGAR: The incessant rain has brought cheer among the farmers but their enthusiasm could be short-lived as the severe shortage of cotton seed has not only dented their hopes of a bumper crop but has taken a regional colour with farmers from north Telangana alleging that the seed is being transported to Seemandhra region at their expense.The farmers also allege that they are forced to buy cotton seed bags from Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh because of short supply and transfer of bags to Seemandhra districts. While the farmers said the traders were creating an artificial shortage, it obviously led to spiralling of prices. A BT seed packet of Mahyco Company, which used to cost Rs 930, is now priced at Rs 2,000. \"The government has neither taken any measures to bring down the prices nor ensured proper supply of seed bags. How are we supposed to cultivate without the seed despite the bountiful rains,\" asked Ashok Reddy, a farmer from Nallabelli mandal. Reddy said he was forced to buy seed from Maharashtra.Another farmer Chukkala Kistaiah from Husnabad in Karimnagar said the traders were more than willing to transfer the stocks to Seemandhra as they know that the rich Andhra farmers would not mind spending more on the seed bags. The farmers said the cotton sown area had gone up to three lakh hectares in the region. Despite the increase in acreage, the agriculture minister and the agriculture director have not allocated the promised seven lakh seed packets to the region, complained farmers' sangham leader Bhikshapati.\"Agricultural minister Kanna Lakshminarayana, director Madhusudhan Rao and additional director in charge of allotment of seeds, Balram Naik hail, from Guntur district. They are allocating more BT seed bags to Seemandhra districts, thereby depriving Telangana farmers of their due,\" charged Warangal West MLA Dasyam Vinaya Bhaskar.As if the shortage of seed wasn't enough, the market is also flooded with fake seeds with some illegal traders trying to lure the farmers. Agriculture officials seized spurious seed packets during raids in last two days in Karimnagar and Khammam districts. \"The desperate farmer is taken for a ride by these traders. We are taking steps to curb their activities,\" a senior agriculture official told TOI.With queue lines at seed counters increasing and farmers growing restive, authorities have swung into action. Warangal agriculture director Madhusudhan Rao promised to release sufficient seed stocks so that farmers could go ahead with planting operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14315436", "title": "SIIMA Award begins today in Dubai", "text": "All flights head to Dubai today. Wondering what's the ocassion? Well, Dubai's hosting the first of its kind event - South Indian International Movie Awards (SIIMA). The event will begin today (21st June) and end tomorrow. Who's who from the South film industry will grace the event.One of the pretty starlets to perform at the event is none other than the much sought-after South actress Priyamani. An excited Priyamani tweeted, \"Off to dubai today for siima!!!gonna rock it!!!!yayyyyy....very excited\"Besides Priya Mani, Sameera Reddy , Shruthi Haasan,Amala Paul,Nidhi Subbaiah and Aindrita Ray are some of the other stars who are said to perform at the event.For the first time in South India, South Indian International Movie Awards (SIIMA) will felicitate and celebrate the swanky set of acting icons of Southern filmdom. South Indian films industry produce more than 50 per cent of all films released in a year and account for the largest share in the total number of films released per year and generate a major revenue. South Indian's love their cinema as the best mode of entertainment. With SIIMA - South goes Global.Fans can't wait to know if their favourite stars will be lucky enough to clinch their maiden award here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14311008", "title": "Extra security at sensitive booths", "text": "KANPUR: The district police have identified highly-sensitive and sensitive booths in the city in view of the local body elections scheduled to be held on June 27. A total of 128 polling centres have been identified as highlysensitive while 106 have been termed as sensitive in the city.There are a total of 572 polling centres. Pramilitary forces would guard the 75 highlysensitive centres. Nearly three dozen cops would remain mobile and would reach those the polling centres immediately in case of any incident or clash or violence.In the last local body elections, several incidents of violence were reported. Keeping this in mind, the State Election Commission has directed the district administration to make tight security arrangements.There are over 100 such polling centres where the number of polling booths are more than five. At these polling booths, magistrates would be positioned. The officials would ensure that no candidate or his supporters is able to create ruckus. These officials would also keep an eye on the workers hired for election purpose.Also, two sub-inspectors and 10 constables each would remain positioned at the highlysensitive and sensitive booths. Homeguards would also man the polling booths. At each polling booth, there would be one sub-inspector and five constables.An ambulance would remain positioned between 10 polling centres. The cops of Rapid Action Force (RAF) would also remain deployed on the day of election at the 75 locations in the city.The counting of votes would be done at the government polytechnic. For this purpose, strong rooms would be set up. The rooms would be under the supervision of CCTV cameras. In all, 18 strong rooms would be made.A total of 12 new polling booths have been made in the city. This has increased the number of booths in the city to 1,978. These booths have come up in ward numbers 8, 18, 25, 28, 33, 35, 36, 39, 42, 74 and 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14309903", "title": "Jagannathpur Rath Yatra: Excitement peaks for the festival in Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: An entire month of preparations will reach its climax on Thursday as many Oriya families in the city take off from work and participate in the Jagannath Rath Yatra, observing each ritual and tradition just as they would back home in Orissa. Devotees say it is one event they wait for throughout the year.On Wednesday, the excitement was palpable at the homes of Surinder Kumar and Dayanidhi Bhuyian as family members laid out their new clothes for the rath yatra. \"We cannot go back to Puri but we will celebrate it here in the same way. We fast for one month before the yatra, giving up onion and garlic and abstaining from worldy pleasures,\" said Dayanidhi, a businessman staying in Lajpat Nagar.A father of two children, Dayanidhi said he had moved to the city in 1979 and started a business on R K Road. \"We are a long way from our native land but we have not forgotten or given up our customs and traditions. At home my wife Sashmita and I talk in our native language and tell our children Neha and Alok about our roots,\" he said.Anand Nagar resident Surinder said Thursday is a very big day for them also because he has been given the task to clean Lord Jagannath's chariot before the yatra begins. \"My wife Hemlata, daughter Sneha and I will spend the whole of Thursday at the rath yatra. It is the only festival we celebrate on a grand scale,\" he said. A contractor, Surinder added that they have been teaching Sneha their rituals and keeping their traditions alive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14311173", "title": "Row over artists' list for Governor house gallery", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A move by the Raj Bhawan to conduct a workshop and set up an art gallery has sparked off a controversy. A group of artists alleged violation of rules and favouritism towards some artists by Orissa Lalit Kala Akademi that was entrusted with the task of conducting the workshop. Artists have also submitted a memorandum to the Governor expressing resentment over these issues.Sources said the national artists' camp is scheduled to be held at Orissa Lalit Kala Akademi from June 27 at an estimated budget of Rs 38 lakh. In the camp, 33 artists from across the country will participate and select participants. The akademi has formed a five-member selection committee for it. But the participants' list also includes those in the selection committee, which has raised many an eyebrow.\"If this has really happened then it is absolutely unethical. There should be particular criteria and guidelines for selection of artists,\" said Veejayant Dash, an artist.In their memorandum to the Governor, the artists have also raised issues like inclusion of only three women artists in the camp which will demotivate many talented women artists. Besides, as per the akademi rules if an artist has attended any workshop organized by the akademi then he or she would not attend any other camp organized by the akademi for the next three years. \"But surprisingly there are many artists in the camp who had attended a sculpture camp 'Bhaskarjya' organized by the akademi at Dhauli, a few months ago.A member of the selection committee said, \"The president and secretary should not take part in the camp for which they are the selectors themselves. This is a common practise. The office-bearers of the akademi have mislead the selection committee that their names were recommended by the Governor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14309137", "title": "Agreement signed for sewage reuse", "text": "NEW DELHI: The formal agreement between the Delhi government and the Singapore Cooperation Enterprise for recycling and reuse of sewage in the capital was signed on Wednesday. The programme to recycle 40 million gallons per day at the Coronation Pillar sewage treatment plant will be funded by Temasek Foundation of Singapore which has given a grant of Singapore $463,149. Chief minister Sheila Dikshit at a cabinet meeting later in the day briefed her colleagues about the agreement and emphasized the need to learn from Singapore's experience. She informed her ministers that the government needs to focus on water recycling so that water woes can be tackled better in future. The CM reinforced the need to expedite the water recycling project at the Coronation Pillar sewage treatment plant to generate 40MGD of water. Earlier in the day, an agreement was signed between Debashree Mukherjee, CEO of Delhi Jal Board, and Alphonsus Chia, CEO, Singapore Cooperation Enterprise. Mukherjee said: \"This collaboration with Singapore Cooperation Enterprise and Temasek Foundation, Singapore, is the need of the hour. Singapore and Delhi have much in common in the water sector and reuse of water will help meet the growing needs of the city.\" Sources said with the population of Delhi having increased from 9.4 million in 1991 to 16.3 million in 2011, there has been great pressure on existing water resources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "14311695", "title": "Implement Gorak panel report: Areca growers", "text": "SHIMOGA: Thousands of areca growers on Monday staged a protest in Shimoga demanding the Union government to implement the Gorak Singh committee report.The protest was organized in association with Raita Sangha and other organizations. They submitted a memorandum to the deputy commissioner urging the government to waive the loan borrowed by the growers who have been put to hardship due to crop loss in Shimoga, Chikamgalur and Udupi districts.The report submitted two years ago had recommended many measures to help the farmers. But the government is sitting on the report despite many pleas from the farming community, they alleged. Farmers are facing many problems as they are unable to repay the loan taken from banks and cooperative institutions on time, they added.The growers requested the prime minister to reallocate the Rs 2.51-crore grant released from the Centre to be disbursed to growers who are in the lurch due to crop loss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14310906", "title": "Odisha signs pacts to train unemployed boys, girls", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government on Wednesday inked pacts with nine different organizations with a view to train unemployed youths and create a pool of skilled manpower.\"We target to impart vocational training to 1.7 lakh boys and girls this year to make them employable,\" chief minister Naveen Patnaik said at the MoU signing ceremony here. The state government aims to train one million youth during the 12th five-year plan period.Naveen advised the agencies involved in training to target youth in Maoist-hit districts so as to discourage them from joining extremist organisations. \"With the professional expertise of the training partners, we will not only ensure quality training but also provide gainful employment opportunities to a good number of candidates in different sectors,\" he said.On behalf of the state government, the Odisha State Employment Mission signed MoUs with B-ABLE, Britti Proshikshan Pvt Ltd, Construction Industry Development Council, Empower Pragati Vocational and Staffing Pvt Ltd, Globsyn Skills Development Pvt Ltd, Gram Tarang Employability Training Services Pvt Ltd, Institute of Computer Accountants, SREI Sahaj e-village Ltd and Teamlease Services Pvt Ltd.In the first phase the nine training partners would together train 34,183 youth in textiles/apparel, manufacturing, construction, driving, hospitality, health (as paramedics), security guards, IT/ITES, retail/sales, banking and insurance sectors, said director, Employment Mission Usha Padhee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14309090", "title": "Govt college to start UG, PG courses in IT", "text": "COIMBATORE: Here's some cheer for students who want to take a degree in courses like information technology without having to pay through their nose.Government Arts College here has got the sanction to start BSc courses in information technology, statistics and psychology and post graduate course in information technology from this academic year. According to examination controller K Shanmuga Sundaram, admission to the courses would begin soon. The UG and PG courses in information technology would have 40 seats each while the other two courses would offer 15 seats.Tamil Nadu Government College Teachers Association president S T Tamilmani said the courses would be a boon for students from economically backward sections of the society. \"Previous governments were neglecting higher education of the poor by not sanctioning innovative courses in arts and science colleges run by the government. The present government has sanctioned 299 new courses in government colleges across the state,'' he said. The government has also sanctioned 842 posts of assistant professors in colleges across the state.According to principal in-charge G S Durai, poor but bright students could not study information technology since these courses were conducted only by self financing colleges, where is fee is much higher compared to government institutions. Statistics and psychology courses too offer better job prospects, he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14314475", "title": "Shruti Hassan learning to play Guitar", "text": "Actress Shruti Hassan is just not contended being an ace pianist as she's exploring new possibilities like playing guitar. We all know actress Shruti Hassan pursued music at the Musicians Institute in California, and she's also the vocalist of an alternative rock band 'The Extramentals'. And the news is that the \"Gabbar Singh\" actress has revealed that she's trying to master the art of strumming.The actress is now learning to play the guitar and has also bought a swanky new instrument. Shruti told how she's slowly mastering playing the instrument, which is her new fond. Given her busy shooting itinerary, the leggy lass says that she's finding it difficult to get time but somehow practicing the instrument on her own without any music lessons for the time being.Being a musician, it's important that I learn to play a musical instrument. I'm really comfortable with the piano, on which I was always depending on as a singer and a composer. I've wanted to learn guitar for quite a while now. I just bought myself one and until I find the time to start music lessons, I'm going to learn to play it myself\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "14310609", "title": "Gang vandalises movie theatre in Madurai, cites insult to Dalit leader", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: A group of men launched an attack on a cinema theatre in Tirunelveli and damaged glass panes in the showcase and canteen late on Tuesday night.The gang had allegedly resorted to violence condemning the theatre for not removing few alleged objectionable dialogues about a dalit leader. Police have secured three persons and are inquiring them while a search is on for two more men. The secured men belonged to Tamilaga Makkal Munnetra Kazhagam, an outfit founded by dalit leader John Pandian.Police said that the gang of five men had objected to a few dialogues in the recently released film titled \"Murattukalai\" starring actor - director Sundar C. The gang approached the manager of the theatre located in the city two days back and had demanded the removal of the dialogues allegedly targeted at John Pandian.However, when they watched the movie in the theatre they found that the dialogues were not removed. Incensed, they picked up a quarrel with the theatre authorities. Even as the authorities were asking them to leave the premises, they started attacking the objects in the lounge there. They damaged the glass showcase and the glass case in the canteen. The gang then fled the theatre.Based on a complaint from the theatre manager, the police launched a hunt and secured three persons and are interrogating them. Meanwhile, police protection was given to the theatre on Wednesday and film screening continued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14310401", "title": "Power shutdown in Chennai on Friday", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Friday between 9am and 5pm for maintenance work.Luz: Luz Church Rd, Balaiah Avenue, Luz Avenue, Kabali Thottam, Pallaku MaNgr, Ramachandra Rd, Justice Sundaram Rd, East Abiramapuram 1 to 3rd St, Baskarapuram, Warren Rd, Dr Ranga Rd, Canal Bank Rd, Krishnasamy Avenue, Alwarpet (Beemanna Garden, Dr Ranga Rd), Subbarayan Salai, Marvadi Thottam, Vishalatchi Thottam, Warren Rd, Rama Rao Rd (Medavel section), Vekatesa Agraharam St, Cenkadar R K Rd, Alamelu Mangapuram, C P Raman Rd, C V raman Rd, Alwarpet section, North Mada St, East &amp; South Mada St (Mandaveli section), Kutchery Rd, Dinakaran, Ganapathipuram, Police quarters, Vinayaka colony, Mathala Narayanan St, Kallukaran St, Nattu Subbrayan St, Loganarayanan colony, PTV Thottam, Ramakrishnapuram, Royapettah High Rd, Siva Samy Rd, Karpagambal Ngr, Oliver Rd (Alwarpet C I T Colony)Kadanchavadi: Thiruvalluvar St, Sathiyappan Salai, Part of MGR Veeram Rd, wireless monitoring station, Sandhiya Ngr, Ambedjka Puratchi Ngr, Thiruvalluvar Ngr, J J Ngr, KPK Ngr, Old kamaraj Ngr, New kamaraj Ngr, Kurinchi Ngr, Rajiv Ngr, Janaki Raman Ngr, Rathnamani Ngr, Thanthai periyar Ngr, Mahatma Gandhi Ngr, New colony, Old and new Taramani, Baby Ngr, Udhaya Ngr, VGP Selva Ngr, VGP Selva Ngr extension.Koyambedu Market: Srinivasa Ngr, Bakthavachalam St, Semathamman Ngr, P H Rd, Mettukulam, New colony, Market, Chinmaya Ngr, AlwarthiruNgr, Nerkundram, Moogambigai Ngr, Alagammal Ngr, Krishna Ngr, Bhivaneshwari Ngr, Thiruveethi Amman koil St, Koyambedu Ngr. Besant Ngr: Besant Ngr, Part of Sastri Ngr, Thiruvanmiyur, L B Rd, M G RdGP Rd: Whites Rd, G P Rd, Chella Pillaiyar koil I &amp; II St, Nagappiar St, Swamy Naicken St, Ussain Mulk St, V N doss St, CTS, RMG, TVS Petrol bunk, Part of Anna salai, Raheja Towers, Smith Rd, Club House Rd, Citi Tower, Pattulos Rd, V C Rd, Marshalls Rd, Rani Meyammai hall, Sakthi Towers, Citi Bank, Anandha Vikatan, Mudhura Bank, IOB bank, Apollo Hospital, Marshalls Rd, Montieth Rd, Greams Rd, Model School Rd, Azeez Mulk St, Canara bank, Connemara hotel, IOB bank, Anna Salai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14309588", "title": "Schools set to take a digital leap", "text": "BANGALORE: Children sitting with books open in front of them while the teacher scribbles on the board - that's a typical image of any classroom. For generations, schools have meant books - a lot of books. But that seems set to change. Loaded schoolbags and crammed library shelves are set to make way for laptops and tablets.Some Bangalore schools are going digital, dispensing with textbooks and printed material. Among these is Indus International School.\"All our content is online and digital. So when a student enters the classroom, instead of looking at the blackboard, she opens her teacher's webpage and goes to the day's lesson. She can also access the student activity guide, open a document on her desktop and start working from there,\" says Sarojini Rao, principal of Indus International School.Students are provided notebooks with all the course material uploaded. They can browse the web for additional information.\"The traditional way of learning through textbooks no longer exists in our school. Children open laptops, not textbooks. We want to do away with textbooks. For this, the mindset of parents and teachers needs to change. We have provided textbooks to students for occasional reference, but they do not carry these to the classroom. We are slowly reaching that point. It's more like a homoeopathic dose of medicines rather than a surgical dose,\" says Rao.Information in books gets outdated, whereas online information is constantly updated, say school authorities.\"While studying from a textbook, you cannot play videos or look at relevant pictures and reference material simultaneously. Going digital will enable kids to use such facilities,\" says Mansoor Ali Khan, member, board of management, Delhi Public School (DPS). All branches of DPS will completely do away with textbooks from the next academic year.\"The process is on. We will distribute tablets with applications that will be used to upload the course material. Many publishers are working with us to digitize the content. Digitized textbooks will be available for children from classes I to class VI,\" says Khan. The tablets will be available on installments.The school is replacing 5 lakh volumes in its library with an e-library.In Ebenezer International School, it's only the library books that are being digitized. \"We are digitizing our library first. We may do away with textbooks in the future. Doing away with all printed stuff right now will be too early,\" says Indrani Sudarshan, the school's director, academics.Way forwardThe move is definitely a way forward. As far people's reaction to the shift is concerned, voices were raised even when we moved from palm leaves to textbooks. No doubt, that it will be more engaging and absorbing. But care should be taken to give more importance to the content, and not to the carrier (laptop or tablet). Moreover, now that we are back to LCD and LED screens, what worries me is the harmful effect it can have on the eyes of youngsters.S Sadagopan | Director, IIIT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "14311239", "title": "Mumbai school set to sack rash school-bus driver", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The management of St Joseph's High School in New Panvel will sack the bus driver, Bhiku Dagdu Parte (65), accused of rash driving that endangered the lives of 34 students at a railway crossing on Tuesday.Principal Saeeda Javed told TOI: \"We have decided to take strong action against the driver after consulting the bus contractor. A major tragedy was averted due to the quick thinking of parents in the bus.''She said Parte will be sacked, and the bus cleaner faces similar action if his involvement is found.The Panvel city police stated that the driver was produced before the judicial magistrate's court in Panvel, where he got bail on Wednesday evening.Parte was charged under sections 279 (rash driving ) and 336 (endangering lives of others) of the Indian Penal Code.The driver had tried to speed up and cross the Panvel railway crossing, near Khanda Colony, even though the warning siren had been sounded to indicate approaching trains on both tracks on Tuesday afternoon . There were 34 pre-primary students and nine parents in the bus at the time. \"Thank God the children are safe. We have assured parents of action and ensure such incidents do not happen again,'' Javed said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14307504", "title": "Decision on slum rehabilitation project likely today", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Kozhikode corporation executive engineer A M Jayan will meet the chief town planner in Thiruvananthapuram on Thursday seeking approval for the Kalluthankadavu rehabilitation project. The corporation has not been able to begin the construction work on the project because it is yet to get the clearance for a revised plan it had submitted. The foundation stone laying ceremony for the project to rehabilitate 140 families living below the poverty line was held in 2009. \"I will meet the chief town planner Eppan Varghese on Thursday. We hope to get approval for the plan in the meeting. If so, we would be able to begin the work within a week,\" said Jayan. Bengaluru-based Aramana Developers has been entrusted with the construction of the project that will benefit families living in the slums at Kalluthankadavu and Chinthavalappu. The original plan was to construct 110 apartments to rehabilitate 110 families. The civic body then decided to add 30 more beneficiaries to the list.A seven-storey building is proposed to be built as per the new plan. Each family will get a 450 square feet flat. The plan also includes a recreation area, community hall, playground, and drainage facilities. The work on a wholesale vegetable market and commercial complex at Kalluthankadavu, included in the second phase, has already begun.The work on the apartment will be completed in two years. The project was drawn up to construct the building on public private participation agreement reached between the Aramana Developers and the civic body.The flats will be transferred to the beneficiaries soon after the completion of construction. The market and commercialcomplex will be transferred to the civic body after 35 years. Based on an agreement inked between the civic body and Aramana Developers, the builders will pay an annual sum of Rs 10 lakh to the civic body during the 35 years.The annual sum will be revived every three years, based on marketing rates.A hike in annual sum will be revived every three years on the basis of marketing rates.A crucial meeting will be held in Thiruvananthapuram on June 21 to discuss the future of the Kalluthankadavu rehabilitation project. The Kozhikode Corporation Executive Engineer A M Jayan has left to Thiruvananthapuram to hold a meeting with the Office of the chief Town planner to get approval for the revised project. The Kozhikode Corporation has failed to begin the construction work of the Kalluthankadavu project due to non-approval of the revised plan.The foundation stone laying ceremony for the Kalluthankadavu project to rehabilitate 140 families living below poverty line was held in 2009. The Kozhikode corporation authorities here are expecting green signal for the project from the Chief Town Planner on Thursday. The project has been hanging in the air owing to bureaucratic apathy for the past two years.I will meet the chief town planner Eppan Varghese on Thursday. We hope to get approval for the submitted plan in the tomorrow's meeting,'' said corporation engineer Jayan. We would be able to begin the work within a week if the town planner approves the revised proposal,'' said Jayan.Bangalore based Aramana Developers has been entrusted with the construction work of the project that aims at rehabilitating 140 families living in the slums at Kalluthankadavu and Chinthavalappu. The original plan was to construct 110-aparments to rehabilitate 110 families. The civic body then decided to add thirty more beneficiaries into the list which resulted in the revival of the plan. Based on the new plan, a seven-storey building will be constructed to provide apartments to 140 families. Each family will get a flat comprising 450 square feet area. The plan also aims at constructing a recreation area, community hall, playground, and drainage facilities. The work of the wholesale vegetable market at Kalluthankadavu included in the second phase has already been started in the site.If the civic body gets clearance for the plan, then construction of the building will be begin at the earliest. The complete work will be completed within two years of the commencement of the work. The project was drawn up to construct the building on public private participation agreement reached between the Aramana Developers and the civic body.The flats will be transferred to the beneficiaries' name soon after the completion of the construction. The markets and commercial complex will be transferred to the civic body after 35 years. Based on an agreement inked between the civic body and Aramana Developers, the builders will pay an annual sum of Rs10 lakh to the civic body during the 35 years. A hike in annual sum will be revived every three years on the basis of marketing rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14308792", "title": "Bones found in canal are Bhanwari\u2019s, confirms Federal Bureau of Investigation", "text": "JAIPUR: In a significant development in the Bhanwari Devi murder case, a report of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has confirmed that the bones fished out from a canal near Jodhpur were that of the government nurse who went missing on September 1 last year. CBI sources confirmed the development late on Wednesday night.The CBI recovered the bones from the canal in Jaloda village near Jodhpur on January 7 after the accused in its custody revealed that they dumped the remains of the nurse after burning her body.Two senior Congress legislators, Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, are already behind the bars on charges of masterminding the kidnap and murder of the nurse with whom they have allegedly admitted having illicit relationship. The nurse was allegedly blackmailing Maderna and Bishnoi for money.The confirmation of the bones to be that of Bhanwari would be a strong evidence in nailing the accused who are facing trial at a CBI court in Jodhpur.In February this year, however, the forensic experts from the All India Institute of Medical Sciences submitted a report stating that the bones were of animals. The CBI had then stated that it would wait for the FBI report.The CBI had sent the bones for forensic examination to the FBI after another forensic laboratory in Hyderabad informed the agency that the technology to test \"excessively damaged samples\" was not available in India. The CBI team investigating the case had recovered some silver and gold ornaments and a wrist watch, too, from the canal. Bhanwari's son later confirmed that the jewellery and the watch belonged to his mother. The CBI was desperately banking on these evidences to establish the fact that the nurse was murdered.A highly placed source closely monitoring the investigation told TOI, \"The report has clearly mentioned that the bones and other remains found in the canal are of Bhanwari Devi. This has cleared the fact that the nurse was abducted and brutally murdered.\"\"It is a major breakthrough in the investigation as earlier there were speculations that the bones could be of animals. But an official confirmation from the FBI will strengthen our investigation. The case is now crystal clear as we have already arrested those who had abducted her, murdered her and conspired in the crime,\" said a senior CBI officer.CBI sources said that they got a \"verbal confirmation\" from the FBI on Wednesday and were expecting the written report in a day or two.The CBI has so far filed three chargesheets against 13 persons in the murder case. The agency has already arrested 12 accused, while the 13th, Indra Bishnoi, is still absconding. As per the CBI, the ruling party's accused legislators hired two gangs of criminals to kill the nurse and destroy her body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14307122", "title": "Over 30 abortion kits seized in Bhayander", "text": "MUMBAI: Over 30 abortion kits procured illegally by a distributor and sold to illegal maternity clinics were seized from a Bhayander-based distributor by the Thane Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on Wednesday.Acting on a tip-off, an FDA team raided Jyoti Distributors at Bhayander and seized kits used for medical termination of pregnancies. The distributor had no record of how the kits were procured. Instead, the distributor had fake bills of kits being supplied to a Vasai-based medical store, said senior inspector Sunil Wadke, of the Bhayander police station, who accompanied the FDA officials during the raid. An unregistered abortion kit was also found in the maternity home of a Bhayander-based gynaecologist, Dr Sachin Gujarati, said Wadke. The doctor has been called for questioning.As per FDA rules, only an MD or gynaecologist can prescribe abortion kits to patients. The doctors have to maintain a record of the kits and the patients. FDA officials said that the kits were, however, freely available with medical stores and distributors in Mira-Bhayander and Vasai-Virar. The kits were being sold without a doctor's prescription, officials added. Using abortion pills from the kits without doctor's advice can lead to complications and fatal deaths, pointed out FDA officials. A case of cheating under Section 420 of the IPC has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14307514", "title": "Rs 1.88 crore proposed for tree guards", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The recreation and cultural committee of Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has placed a proposal of Rs 1.88 crore for installing tree guards in the city. This project is the biggest contract for tree guards in recent years.AMC officials say that plantation drives are at their peak with the monsoons having arrived in the state. \"We are planting saplings on many of the arterial roads and even internal society roads. Then there are issues of stray cattle coming on to roads during monsoons and they devour the saplings planted on road dividers,\" said a senior member of the recreation committee. The proposal has been placed before the standing committee for approval. \"Most of the funds for the tree guards have been sought from MLA's local area development funds which have been lying unused,\" adds the official. tnnHowever, opposition Congress alleged that the tree guard purchase will end up being a scam similar to the concrete benches scam. \"It is worth counting the number of cement and concrete benches that are ordered from MLA-LADS funds and those actually present on the location. We smell a scam in this. A proper audit and the count of the tree guards should be made on the ground,\" said opposition leader Bhadruddin Sheikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14307534", "title": "M B Shah commission conducts third hearing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Justice M B Shah inquiry commission, which has been set up by the state government to probe 15 charges of corruption and favouritism levelled by the opposition, conducted its third hearing on Wednesday.Congress MLA from Rapar, Babhubhai Meghji Shah appeared before the commission on various occasions presenting his grievances on land allotment to the Adani Group in Kutch. However, most of the issues raised by the MLA pertain to matters outside the jurisdiction of the inquiry commission.In response to the MLA's queries on land allotment, government officers showed him documents elaborating the procedure which has been in vogue since 1956. Two instances of land allotment to the Adani group occurred during the tenure of the RJP government, wherein Shah himself was finance minister, said government counsel Bhaskar Tanna. He also argued about collective responsibility on Shah's allegations of land allotment at lower rates during his tenure.Last week, the inquiry commission provided PUCL's Gautam Thakar an opportunity to inspect detailed records. But he did not turn up for inspection of the documents. His lawyer, however, has sought a copy of these documents. But the commission rejected this request terming it a delay tactic.Two Congress leaders, Arjun Modhwadia and Shaktisinh Gohil have levelled charges against the Narendra Modi government, but they also sought to raise all these issues before Lokayukta. None of them have attended the commission's proceedings. The next hearing has been fixed for June 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ghorparan (bihar)", "code": "14310447", "title": "Maoists abduct station master in Bihar", "text": "GHORPARAN (BIHAR): In yet another Maoist strike along the Bihar-Jharkhand border, armed rebels abducted the station master of Ghorparan Halt station and two pointsmen, disrupting train services for nearly three hours. The trio was released in the evening after COBRA commandos launched search operations in the nearby Simultala forest.Though the commandos fired on the Maoists, it is not known if there were any casualties on the rebel side.The drama began at the sleepy and picturesque station \u2014 barely 7km from the tourist destination of Simultala \u2014 around 10.30am when 20 armed men stormed into the station shouting slogans in the name of Krantikari Dal. The Asansol divisional control room received a frantic call from the Ghorparan station manager, Bijoy Kumar about the attack. There were nearly 15 railway employees at the single-track station at that time.\"Everybody was caught unawares. It was very scary as the rebels grabbed station master Vijay Kumar and pointsmen Dukhan Mahato and Munna Ram and beat them up mercilessly. Everybody else at the station fled,\" said a hawker. The Maoists ordered railway staff to close down operations for the next eight hours in support of a Maoist bandh call and dragged the trio into the forest.A little later Norgonjo station, barely 4km away, informed the control room that there was no response for a signal from Ghorparan and that the Danapur-Tata Express was stranded there. Norgonjo station was itself the scene of a similar Maoist attack a few months ago. Senior officials immediately directed all the trains on the Patna-Asansol main line to stop. At least five trains were detained at various stations \u2014 the Dhanbad-Patna Intercity Express at Jasidih, two Asansol-Jhajha MEMU locals at Lahabon and Madhupur, and the Up and Down Akal Takht Expresses at Asansol and Jhajha.\"We informed the local police and the SP of Jamui. Two patrol specials with RPF commandos reached Ghorparan from Madhupur and Jhajha and started search operations. A COBRA team arrived by road and secured the station before starting combing operations in the forest,\" an Eastern Railway official said.Though there was no news of the three railwaymen, operations resumed after off-duty station master S Verma took charge of Ghorparan cabin. The stranded trains started rolling.\"We contacted the Bihar government immediately after the incident happened. There was no bandh call or there would have been speed restrictions and pilot trains. No leaflets or posters were found at the station,\" said Jagadanand Jha, divisional railway manager, Asansol.The COBRA team tracked down the Maoists around 4.30pm and opened fire when their challenge was not answered. As they inched forward, they entered a clearing where they found Mahato and Ram. It was 4.55pm. They said that the rebels had moved ahead with the station master. Kumar was found a few hundred metres away. He told the security personnel that his abductors had moved deeper into the forest. According to an officer, the operations were called off as darkness was setting in and the area was deeply forested and hilly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14310732", "title": "Jagannathpur Rath Yatra: Pilgrims make beeline to offer their prayers", "text": "RANCHI: Excitement and fervour are at its peak for the Jagannathpur Rath Yatra fair beginning on Thursday. Jagannathpur temple and the chariot are decorated with lighting and flowers and the stalls are busy with last minute preparations. Worshippers have started thronging the premises from Wednesday, a day before the event.\"A day before the car festival 'netradan' is the culmination of 15-day-long beautification process of Lord Jagannath, Balbhadra and goddess Subhadra . In the evening '105 mangal arti' was held after which people got 'darshan' of the gods,\" said Rameshwar Padhi, the priest.He said, \"From Thursday, the pilgrims will visit the temple from 5am till 2pm. The Rath Yatra will begin then. RSS volunteers will mainly control the crowd so that the pilgrims do not face any inconvenience.\"The chariot will be decorated with marigold flowers and colourful clothes. The Marwari Sahayak Samiti has taken the charge of decoration. In 2007, the new chariot was made by designers from Odisha, said Mahabir Lohar, a member of the chariot samiti.Many committees have been formed to make the fair a success. \"We help the administration take care of street lighting. Around 200 volunteers have been deployed in a group of 10 to 15. The entry of vehicles will be closed as this is the main road from where the chariot will move,\" secretary, fair security committee.On the security arrangements Dhurwa police station inspector B N Singh said, \"Around 400 forces from the district police have been deployed for the event. There are four checkposts along with a check post near the temple. Except June 21 and 30, there will be two officers and 10 forces at night for patrolling in the rest of the days. In comparison to last year, this year the force deployment is more as the number of devotees have increased in the past few years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14308674", "title": "Scholarship policy deferred", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has deferred its decision to set an income cap of Rs 2 lakh per annum for families of socially and economically backward class students who apply for fee reimbursements for higher studies.On Wednesday, at least four senior ministers opposed the move planned by the government as a first of its many measures to achieve fiscal consolidation. The idea of having a Rs 2,00,000 cap, to reduce the number of beneficiaries and to save the state exchequer's more than Rs 325 crore annually, had been facing opposition since its approval.Realizing that it could backfire politically, the state government has deferred its decision to have a ceiling on the fee reimbursement scheme for socially and economically backward students pursuing higher studies. In the state cabinet meeting on Wednesday at least four senior ministers opposed the move planned by the government as a first of its many austerity measures to achieve fiscal consolidation. The idea of having a Rs 2,00,000 cap, to reduce the number of beneficiaries and at the same time to save state exchequer more than Rs 325 crore annually, had been earlier mooted by NCP leader and higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope with support from deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. However, ever since it was approved in the previous meet, the idea has been facing opposition from all quarters including Congress' own partymen and leaders.The decision was not only threatening yet another flashpoint between the Congress and the NCP, but also turning into a major embarrassment for a government which boasts of promoting concepts of a welfare state, said political observers. The decision also hits at the core vote bank of many state politicians as the scheme annually doles out Rs 2,000 crore for 5 lakh students in the SC, ST and endangered tribes, OBC, SBC and EBC categories.In the first cap, the state cabinet had last week set a family income limit of Rs 2 lakh for SC, ST, OBC families. For other reservation categories the income limit had been reduced to Rs 2,00,000 from the original Rs 4.5 lakh. While rationalizing the scheme, the state government had also put two other ceilings on the scheme. The fee for the SC and ST category it was decided would be reimbursed fully in compliance with central government's guidelines while the other categories will be reimbursed as per the state annexure. Under one of the other amendments, the state had decided to allow two girls of a family to avail of benefits, as opposed to only one of two boys of a family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14316020", "title": "Kim Kardashian blasted by PETA", "text": "Kim Kardashian infuriated animal rights campaigners once again after stepping out in snakeskin shoes on Tuesday.The 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians' star upset activists after she wore thigh-high Christian Louboutin python boots while shopping in Paris with rapper boyfriend Kanye West .Now outraged members of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) have criticised the brunette beauty for her style choice.\"They'd go well with a Dalmatian-fur coat, which is also illegal to sell in California and immoral to sell anywhere else,\" the Daily Express quoted PETA spokesperson Wendy Wegner as telling entertainment website GossipCop.com.It's not the first time Kardashian has clashed with PETA - she infuriated anti-fur protesters in 2010 when she allegedly wore two animal-hide coats in one day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "jaipur/ bhubaneswar", "code": "14311056", "title": "BJD leader injured in attack by party rivals", "text": "JAIPUR/ BHUBANESWAR: Senior BJD leader and former president of Odisha Sahitya Academy Hussein Rabi Gandhi was attacked by a group allegedly belonging to his rival camp in the ruling party at Vyasanagar Chhack in Jajpur district on Wednesday.Fifty-seven-year-old Hussein, who is at present editor of Utkal Prasanga (an Odia monthly published by the state government), accused Korei legislator and party mate Pritiranjan Ghadai alias Danny, who is the son of finance minister Prafulla Ghadai, of having orchestrated the attack. \"Five persons in three motorcycles stopped my car and assaulted me and damaged my vehicle,\" Hussein said, adding, \"The assailants brandished a sharp knife and threatened me with dire consequences if I tried to oppose Danny and contest in the MLA election.\"Pritiranjan denied the allegations. \"I came to know about the attack on Hussein from the media. It is unfortunate and condemnable. We all have respect for Hussein,\" he said.Hussein said he was on his way to attend a meeting and had no reason to oppose Pritiranjan. \"I will take up the matter with our party president and chief minister Naveen Patnaik ,\" he added.Hussein, who hails from Korei in Jajpur district, suffered injuries on his head, face (including a swollen left eye) and chest. His car was also damaged.In the Assembly elections in 2009, Hussein was an aspirant for the BJD for Korei assembly seat. But Pritiranjan got the ticket and won the polls.Hussein, who filed an FIR at Jajpur Road police station, alleged that Pritiranjan had pre-planned the attack to terrorise him and his supporters. In his FIR, he named Parthasarathi Nayak, Kishore Rout, Ashok Rout and others for attacking him with stones and sticks and also damaging his vehicle.Ashwini Sahoo, an officer at Jajpur Road police station, said police have filed a case against some persons on charges of attacking Hussein and damaging his vehicleFollowing the incident, palpable tension mounted in Vyasanagar, Korei and other areas with at least 400 supporters of Hussein blocking the road at Vyasanagar and demanding the arrest of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14308119", "title": "Eateries' garbage threatens Telangkhedi ecology", "text": "NAGPUR: Telangkhedi promenade post the makeover is every Nagpurian's delight. It draws Nagpurians in droves, especially on Sundays and holidays. It now has 25 different food joints dotting the road apart from the roadside stalls that offer people wonderful choice of food too.However, these joints are fast turning the place into an eyesore. Indiscriminate dumping of garbage by these eateries on the agriculture college land is polluting the entire area. It not only presents an ugly sight but is also a health hazard.As a part of lake's beautification, the NIT had carried out the developmental works on the patch from police chowky to Telangkhedi T-point and also rented out the strip along 400-metre road to eateries and ice cream parlours. Besides, many illegal eating joints have come up on Vayusena Nagar road and Telangkhedi Hanuman temple road.With civic agencies happy to just collect the rent, the food joints have begun dumping their waste and refuse on the roadside. TOI team spotted waste food, plastic plates, empty and broken liquor bottles dumped behind these eating joints. It looks like it is also a haven for anti-social elements.\"Open land behind these eateries is being used as unofficial garbage dump,\" rued morning walkers. The civic bodies - NIT and NMC - both have been a mute spectator to this for the past several months, alleged environmental activist Shrikant Deshpande. He frequently goes there for morning walks. Exasperated residents of Vayusena Nagar and CPWD quarters, who bear the brunt of the pollution, say it is a huge environmental hazard.Regular visitors say the garbage is affecting the bird population in Telangkhedi garden and surroundings. Many trees that used to be home for hundreds of birds were chopped down to make way for the eateries. Now with decaying garbage around, the bird population has visibly dwindled, regular visitors say.Morning walkers, mostly senior citizens, are put off by the garbage mounds everywhere and wonder why NMC does not make eateries dispose of the garbage in a proper manner. \"The NMC or NIT should be stricter with them. The lake will soon become a massive garbage dump,\" said Ashok Sankale.Eating joint owners, however, only stated that they always dumped the waste in bins but couldn't explain how the so much rubbish reached their backyard.Garbage attracting straysThe waste from eateries has become a feeding place for stray dogs. \"They scatter the garbage and food all over the place,\" observed Ramesh Jambhle, a morning walker. NMC's deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir, who is also in-charge of sanitary department, assured to look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "14310860", "title": "Police return recovered items worth Rs 58 lakh", "text": "HUBLI: Hubli Dharwad police commissionerate conducted a property returns parade here on Wednesday and returned property including gold and silver ornaments, cash, 22 two-wheelers and four-wheelers, all worth Rs 58 lakh.Hubli Dharwad police commissioner K Ramachandra Rao said that during January-May the department has solved 83 cases by arresting 127 people and recovered assets worth Rs 92.45 lakh, of which items worth Rs 58 lakh were returned after getting permission from the court. Ashok Nagar police had successfully solved Hubli Dharwad one (HD-one) centre burglary case and recovered Rs 11.39 lakh cash which was returned at the property return parade, and many chains of women were also returned.On this occasion, children of police who scored distinction in SSLC and PUC were also honoured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14308276", "title": "'I was pressed to sign in Lanco's favour, but refused'", "text": "NAGPUR: There is a rat race to set up power plants in Vidarbha and project proponents are using every trick of the trade to get 'assent' of project-affected people.Farmers attending a public hearing organized by Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) to hear objections regarding Lanco Vidarbha Thermal Power Limited on Wednesday claimed they had been lured into signing an application supporting Lanco's 1,320MW plant in Mandwa in Wardha district.Vilas Bhimrao Kamble, a farmer from Belgaon, admitted publicly that on June 1 he and his friend Amol Deole were lured by a Lanco employee and taken to MPCB office in Nagpur to give consent for the power unit ahead of the public hearing on Wednesday. \"I and Amol were taken in a car to Nagpur along with others to MPCB office. I was not shown the letter earlier, but after going through it, I and Amol refused to sign. While returning, we were offered food at Butibori. The letter stated that we have no objection to the power plant at Mandwa,\" said Kamble.\"After the advertisement was published for public hearing last month, many villagers were enticed by the company officials through some employees. They were taken to the MPCB office in company vehicles to give their written consent. The employees were also asked to come with their families to the public hearing,\" said Kamble.\"My name was announced four times but I was not allowed to speak until I protested,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14307603", "title": "Want a driving licence? Have your passport number ready", "text": "KOLKATA: If you want a driving licence now, you'll have to provide your mobile number, voter card number, passport number, blood group, life insurance and bank account numbers. This has been decided by the Mamata Banerjee government in a bid to ensure that more skilled drivers are behind the wheels and check fraudulent licences.Currently, the name of the applicant's father and his or her residential address are just about the only requirements. But all this information can be false, and people end up acquiring more than one driving licence from Kolkata as well as the regional transport offices (RTOs) all over the state. Hence the need to extract as much information from the applicant. \"This will make the driving licence foolproof and thus prevent road accidents,\" explained a transport department officialThe data will be included in the driving licence issued to the applicant. Ever since coming to power, the chief minister has been told by officials that driving licences are issued at random without ensuring that people follow the existing norms under the Motor Vehicles Act. The state government has been consulting the ministry of home affairs to ensure that the new rules can be introduced as part of the reforms. It was necessary because several rules are bypassed by applicants now. For instance, medical certificates are not attached to the driving licence applications, though it is mandatory according to the existing norms.The registration and licensing authority in the city has held a meeting on the issue. They have submitted a proposal for framing stricter rules and regulations for driving licences. According to the proposed guidelines, the above documents will be required to be provided when a petition for a driving licence is submitted. It also includes an all-embracing and easy-to-access manual for the drivers.Around 40 lakh vehicles are registered with the Public Vehicles Department (PVD). Every month, around 5,000 new licences are issued, but PVD has found that several licences are returned to their office because the address provided by the applicant was false. From now on, the applicant will be informed on his mobile number that his driving licence has been dispatched. This way, the applicant's mobile number and his residential address can be matched. The applicant will be charged Rs 50 extra for this.The government is also trying to upgrade the existing computer-based knowledge test for drivers. The software currently used is very basic. One is made to answer only 10 questions and those answering any six are declared 'passed'. This system is being upgraded by centralising the database of applicants and their test history. Once the proposal is passed, the licence-seekers will have to answer more than 30 questions and the pass percentage will be raised to 80. Biometrics will be used to prevent impersonation and video-recording will be done to stall unfair means in taking the tests.The easy-to-understand driver's manual would cover all important aspects of road safety. These include safe and responsible driving, right of way rules, driving manoeuvres, sharing road with other users, traffic signs and markings, road signs, road markings, hand signals and other rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14307262", "title": "1,900 fined for traffic violations", "text": "MUMBAI: Over 1,900 motorists were fined by the traffic police on Wednesday for halting vehicles over zebra crossings and inconveniencing pedestrians. The drive, christened 'Don't kill the Zebra', will be conducted all through next week.\"Halting a vehicle on the zebra crossing is an offence under the Motor Vehicles Act. It's risky for pedestrians and makes them vulnerable to accidents,\" a senior traffic police official said. On Wednesday, 1919 offenders were fined across Mumbai.The number of cases recorded was highest in Bandra division (209 cases), followed by D N Nagar (187) and lowest at Matunga (25).If a motorist is found halting his vehicle over a pedestrian crossing, his driving licence is impounded. He has to pay a fine of Rs 100; the offence is compoundable. tnn But if he believes that he hasn't committed any offence, then he can appear before a special metropolitan magistrate court the next morning. The impounded licence can either be collected from the concerned traffic chowky within four days or from the court after 15 days. The traffic police have to prepare a report about the offence and send it to the RTO in six months.\"The drive will get stricter in the coming days. We will carry out surprise checks at random locations and at random timings,\" an official said. Traffic policemen from all the divisions in the city have been posted at major junctions to nab offenders. Besides, cases are also being lodged on the basis of video inputs received from CCTV cameras.Senior officials said that the objective of the drive was strictly enforcing the zebra crossing and ensuring pedestrians' safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14309462", "title": "\u2018Had planned the attack\u2019", "text": "PANCHKULA: Two day after a 6-year-old foiled his kidnapping bid, another boy from Panchkula threw a spanner in the plan of the assailants, who'd come to his house. \"As the neighbours gathered, the youth locked himself in the bathroom. The police was also informed,\" said Mahesh Diwan, who resides near their house.\"As a neighbour broke open the bathroom door, the youth tried to fire at them. But assistant sub-inspector Surjit Singh acted swiftly and pushed him because of which the shot was fired in the air.\"The miscreant, identified as Suryakant of Bihar , 20, has been arrested and a case registered at Sector 5 police station.\"It seems he had done a recce and planned the attack,\" said SHO of Sector 5 police station Nupur Bishnoi \"We are still scared. He had been observing our house since morning,\" said Vaishali, a BA final-year student.Her father, Ajay Thakur, and the elder sister were at their office when the incident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14309292", "title": "Sheila Dikshit tells Nandan Nilekani to speed up Aadhaar project", "text": "NEW DELHI: Making her dissatisfaction apparent over the pace of enrolments under the Aadhaar unique identification number project, chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Wednesday asked the chairman of Unique Identification Authority, Nandan Nilekani , to expedite the process in the city. Dikshit requested Nilekani to take steps in removing the hurdles. \"I expressed concern over the slow progress in the enrolment for the Aadhaar numbers. We need to expedite the process,\" she said after the meeting. Officials said five private agencies were hired last year to collect biometric data and registration of citizens for issuance of Aadhaar numbers. But the progress of data collection and enrolment were not satisfactory. Aadhaar is a 12-digit number which the UIDAI is issuing to all residents in India. UIDAI is storing basic demographic and biometric information of each individual being issued the number in a central database. The Delhi government plans to use the Adhaar database to identify actual beneficiaries for various schemes and plug the loopholes in PDS and some other schemes. Officials said thousands of residents had not received Aadhaar numbers months after enrolling for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14310626", "title": "Allahabad University to fill 80 non-teaching posts", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The staff crunched Allahabad University will soon start the recruitment process for inducting 80 'Class C' employees. The university is likely to advertise the vacancies in coming months. This follows the University Grants Commission (UGC) approval for 80 non-teaching (technical) posts at AU under OBC grant.AU had asked UGC to sanction non-teaching posts in view of additional workload following the implementation of OBC reservation after which AU had increased 54% of student intake. Of these 80 posts, 76 are new while four have been approved against the vacant posts.UGC, in June 2008, had approved Rs 232 crore for AU, of which Rs 52 crore was allocated for the financial year 2008-09. For implementing the OBC reservation, AU was asked to enhance the number of students intake by 54%, which was to be implemented in three phases. UGC, apart from sanctioning Rs 23 crore, had also sanctioned 270 teaching positions, advertisements for the same has recently been issued by the university authorities.But while UGC had sanctioned the teaching positions, it had not sanctioned non-teaching positions. AU had submitted a proposal to UGC asking for around 450 such posts. \"As the UGC had asked for implementing the OBC reservation and sanctioned the funds and teaching positions for enhancing the needed infrastructure and implementing the OBC reservation, UGC had not sanctioned any non-teaching posts, students at AU and its constituent colleges which now stands at around 20000 as compared to around 13,000 three years back\", said an AU official.UGC has approved 80 non-teaching positions, all of them being technical. These posts include one post of information scientist of the pay band of 15600-39100 and with the grade pay of 5400. UGC has also approved four posts of assistant librarian of the same pay band as above but with the grade pay of 6000. Of these four positions, one is the vacant positions while the rest three are new positions. UGC has also approved five new positions of professional assistant with the pay band of 9300-34800 and grade pay of 4200. Along with these, 10 posts of Semi-professional assistant (Pay band of 5200-20200 and grade pay of 2800) have been approved by the UGC. Of these 10 positions, Seven are additional posts while the rest being vacant positions.UGC has also approved 10 new positions of senior technical assistant of the pay band of 9300-34800 (grade pay of 4200) and 20 new positions of technical assistant of the pay band of 5200-20200 and 20 additional positions of Laboratory Assistant with the same pay band. In addition, seven new positions of laboratory attendant and three new positions of animal attendant have also been approved by the UGC.UGC has instructed AU to frame the cadre recruitment rules for each category of posts being recommended by the committee. Besides, University may strictly adhere to the reservation policy as per the Government of India guidelines.After the letter of the UGC, wherein it had not only sanctioned the said posts but has also asked the varsity authorities to frame out the rules for filling these posts, AU authorities have started with the process of framing the rules for these posts. Sources inform that the varsity authorities are categorizing these posts according to their names and the jobs that it would be performing. Likewise, the authorities are also consulting the rules, framed by other Central Universities of the country, which could be incorporated in the rules being framed by AU.PRO, PK Sahoo told TOI that AU is formatting the rules for these posts and soon the same will be advertised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14314429", "title": "Adnan Sami free at last", "text": "Adnan Sami's relief and joy knew no bounds when on Tuesday when the honourable judge of the Mumbai High Court threw out his second wife Sabah Galadari's divorce case declaring that the couple was already divorced as per Muslim laws. This brought to an end Adnan's three-year ordeal whereby he was being repeatedly dragged into court for a prolonged divorce case.Says Adnan, \"It was the most bizarre three years of my life. This lady who was once my wife has been dragging me to court with all kinds of charges. But then she went too far. While taking me the High Court for divorce she also appealed for a divorce from an Islamic organization the Darul Qaza which has the authority to pronounce divorces. And that they did when she (Sabah) approached them. So on one hand she approached the conventional courts. On the other hand she approached the Darul Qaza. When this Islamic organization asked me if I wanted a divorce I was like, 'Neki aur pooch-pooch?' But strangely Sabah again asked the family court for a divorce. My lawyer and I wondered how many times she wanted a divorce from the same marriage. The family court didn't know how to handle this. So we approached the High Court. Finally during the hearing at the High Court on Tuesday morning the honourable judge wondered how Sabah had approached two legitimate organizations for the same divorce and that as per law she had already received her divorce. And there the honourable judge -God bless her\u2014ended my three-year ordeal.\"Exults the happy divorcee, \"Let me dance and sing with my family and friends. This torture has been going on from Feb 2009. My wife Roya and I, and my mother have suffered so much! Let me for once tell the word how much I've suffered and what a huge victory this is for me. I had full faith in God and the Indian judiciary. I feel like throwing off my shoes like Waheeda Rehman in Guide and singing Kaaton se kheench ke yeh aanchal. For three years she (Sabah) wanted only to harass me. Even when she got an Islamic divorce she was trying to manipulate the other mainstream courts to grant her another divorce. The funny thing was, she was the one who filed for divorce and I was like, 'Take it take it!' and she was like, 'Not so easily.' Now that she's got the divorce, I want to tell her, please go. Leave me alone. Let me get along with life.\"Adds Adnan's lawyer Vaibhav Krishna, \"I told the honourable judge Dalvi who by the way is a lady, that Sabah has gone to a parallel Islamic court and already obtained a divorce. I told the honourable judge that Sabah had already got a divorce from another court and was using the Indian laws to badger my client. The honourable judge was livid. She passed an immediate order and dismissed the case. The ordeal is over for my client. We were on tenterhooks because divorce laws are completely in favour of women. To have a lady judge see the absurdity of the charges was to me and my client a complete triumph of justice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14310152", "title": "Encounter specialist back in Chennai as DCP", "text": "CHENNAI: Deputy commissioner of police R Sudhakar, who led the team which gunned down five suspected bank robbers hiding in a house in Velachery on February 23, has been posted back as the Adyar deputy commissioner of police after four months. Sudhakar was transferred to Pudukottai as superintendent of police (SP) to facilitate a probe into the encounter killing, which is now being handled by CB-CID. After the Pudukottai byelection, Sudhakar has been transferred as DCP, Adyar. SP R Tamil Chandran has now been posted as SP, Pudukottai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14310354", "title": "Gang of six arrested for extortion attempt in the name of Chhota Rajan", "text": "PUNE: A gang of six criminals on police records was arrested on Tuesday for allegedly attempting to extort Rs 30 lakh from a city builder by threatening him that they were aides of fugitive gangster Chhota Rajan.Investigations have revealed that they had also tried to extract money from another builder from the Sangvi area and had attacked him with sharp weapons on June 13.The Pune crime branch has identified the suspects as Pramod Modak (22), Santosh Guttedar (26) both of upper Indiranagar; Shakil Yalgi (25) of Janata Vasahat; Sagar Nikalje (20) of Aundh; Salim Shaikh (24) of Pimple Saudagar and Sardar Patil (34) of old Sangvi.Addressing a news conference here on Wednesday, additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde said the anti-extortion cell of the crime branch led by police inspector Sachin Sawant made the arrests.On June 11, the crime branch received a complaint from a city builder that an unidentified person had called his wife and son and had claimed to be an accomplice of Chhota Rajan. The person had demanded extortion money of Rs 30 lakh. \"The person said he was collecting money from Pune on behalf of Chhota Rajan. He threatened to kill the builder's son and demanded Rs 30 lakh as protection money,\" Shinde said.Meanwhile, police constable Anant Dalvi received a tip-off that a gang of criminals on police record was preparing to commit a dacoity on a petrol pump in the Warje area. \"We laid a trap and nabbed the six suspects on Tuesday,\" he said. They were charged under section 399 (preparation of committing dacoity) of the Indian Penal Code.During interrogation, the suspects admitted they had made extortion calls to the builder in the name of Chhota Rajan. A case in this regard has been registered with the Bund Garden police station.\"They also revealed that on June 13, they had assaulted a builder from Sangvi. A case in this regard has been registered with the Sangvi police station,\" deputy commissioner of police (crime) Rajesh Bansode said.Bansode said Sardar Patil is the mastermind of the gang. \"Patil has five cases of house break-ins registered against him. Shaikh has seven cases, including a murder against him; Nikalaje has a case of murder against him; Modak faces six cases, including murder and robberies; while Yalgi has a murder case registered against him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14311140", "title": "BJP-JD(U) gulf widens", "text": "PATNA: The gulf between the 16-year-old allies in the state, the BJP and JD (U), got a little more wider on Wednesday, with JD (U) insiders saying they are mentally prepared for a separation.Chief minister Nitish Kumar , who is under media arclights following his pitch for a secular prime ministerial candidate in an interview the other day, on Wednesday said, \"I stick to my comments on a secular candidate for PM.\" He made a brief appearance at the party office but refused to speak to media on record.In an informal talk, Kumar said what the party's national spokesman Shivanand Tiwary repeated in Delhi. Kumar said, \"Atal Bihari Vajpayee was not happy with the handling of communal riots in Gujarat by Narendra Modi. The PM wanted to sack Modi for not following his raj dharma. NDA lost power in 2004 due to non-sacking of Modi.\"However, the CM stopped short of signalling a walkout from the NDA as was asserted by Tiwary in clear terms. \"Whether we stay in NDA or not, whether our government (in Bihar) survives or not, we will not compromise on policies of secularism and social justice,\" Tiwary said.State JD (U) general secretary Neeraj Kumar said, \"The day Narendra Modi is projected as the prime ministerial candidate, we will definitely say goodbye to NDA.\"However, State BJP chief C P Thakur was still hopeful that such a situation would not arise and the coalition would continue.Amid the war of words between some BJP and JD (U) leaders, animal husbandry minister Giriraj Singh was quite vocal. After calling Kumar pseudo-secular, he, on Wednesday, dared the CM to sack him. \"I have been made a minister by the BJP, not by the CM,\" he said while seeking a definition of secularism from the people who raked up this issue \"without any rhyme or reason\".Singh said it came like \"bemausam barsat (an untimely move)\", adding when discussions were going on Presidential election, the issue of prime ministerial candidate was raked up for \"obvious political reasons\". He was visibly happy over the intervention of RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat in this matter and supported his stand.However, rural works and panchayati raj minister Bhim Singh said the RSS's dream of making India a Hindu Rashtra would never be fulfilled. \"RSS chief's statements will only create social tension and hatred,\" he said and added that because of the emergence of some fanatic leaders in BJP, the NDA has been reduced to only four parties.Reacting to RJD president Lalu Prasad's comments on Nitish Kumar's secularism, the JD (U) leader said Lalu's secularism is nothing but opportunism. \"He is the man who had camaraderie with the main accused of Bhagalpur communal riots, whereas Kumar got several closed cases of the 1989 riots reopened and under this process several accused freed during Lalu's regime were convicted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "14311581", "title": "Farmer turns remote Kulu village into a tourist hub", "text": "MANALI: Jana, a remote village of Kullu, with efforts of its occupants has turned into the fastest growing tourist spot of Manali, with 30,000 tourists visiting the place annually. It has now the potential to defeat Naggar, Manikaran and other nearby tourist destinations and Mani Ram is the man who had laid foundation to this achievement 11 years ago.The village is now famous as \"Jana waterfall\" as it also has a small waterfall. Tourists have two reasons to visit the village -- waterfall and pure desi food items prepared by Mani Ram. Going back to 2002, when not more than 100 tourists get to have glimpse of beautiful village and its surroundings, but the fragrance of Kullu cousines and efforts of this village guy have established a new milestone.\"I used to invite my foreigner friends to taste my desi food 11 years ago, who themselves advertised this place and people started searching for me. Number of my customers has increased from less than 5 in 2002 to more than 300 today and it is increasing every year,\" the proud founder of this magical tourist destination, Mani Ram, said. According to him, nobody developed this place and it was the beauty of this village and its people which forced them to visit this place.Situated at a height of about 9,000 feet and 32km from Manali, Jana waterfall has created opportunity for about 50 villagers, who after getting influenced from Mani Ram are earning from tourists by operating dhabas, developing photographs and offering taxi services to nearby places.Deep Prakash, a Jana villager, who has been witnessing change in the village in the last 10 years, says, \"Only some trekkers used to camp here for a night halt some years ago. No doubt these are the efforts of Mani Ram who never gave up and continued wooing tourists with his talent. He personally kept requesting tourists to visit the village and taste his food. Now, hundreds of tourists are reaching here daily and opening of nearly 15 more desi dhabas have ensured that Jana is soon going to become number one tourist spot of Manali.\"A thali which contains 11 dishes, including red rice, makke ki roti, bichhukooti chatni, lingdi ka achar and local pulses and vegetables prepared by local spices has become the brand of Jana, which otherwise cannot be found elsewhere in the world. According to Mani Ram, he cooks his dishes in traditional pots and his food has same taste as it used to be hundreds of years ago.Though, the tourism department has included Jana waterfall in the list of local sightseeing places, but Mani Ram complains that condition of the road to village has not been improved by the government for years. \"If approach road to Jana would be developed, the number of tourists' arrival would definitely double in a year,\" he rues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14309104", "title": "In-laws held for dowry harassment, case against hubby in USA lodged", "text": "COIMBATORE: A couple was arrested in connection with a dowry harassment case on Tuesday by city police. Police have registered a case against the couple's son who is a software engineer in USA.The couple has been identified as P A S Raj (65), a retired Air Force Commander and his wife Vimala Raj, 58, a retired school teacher of Rajiv Gandhi Nagar near Sowripalayam in the city.Police said, a 24-year-old A Jenifer, hailing from Selaiyur in Chennai had completed a diploma in business management and got married to R Ajayraj (31), hailing from Rajiv Gandhi Nagar, on May 20, 2009. Her parents gave 135 sovereigns of gold jewels and Rs 5 lakh as dowry to the groom's family. After the wedding, Jenifer moved to Coimbatore along with her husband and lived with her in-laws. Three weeks later, the couple left for USA.On Tuesday, Jenifer lodged a complaint with the all women police station in Ramanathapuram alleging that her husband Ajayraj mentally and physically tortured her both in India and USA. Earlier, she had complained to her parents about the abuse but they had advised her to adjust and live with him. Unable to bear the trauma, she overdosed on sleeping pills in an attempt to commit suicide. Her husband rushed her to a hospital in America. He also pleaded with her not to reveal the truth, promising not to torture her again, as he would go to prison.However, Ajayraj failed to keep his word and began torturing Jenifer again. She complained to her in-laws Raj and Vimala Raj and was taken aback with their response. They informed her that since they had not got the dowry they expected from her, they were looking for a bride for their son.Jenifer came to India on January 3, 2012, and stayed at her parent's house in Saleiyur. When she asked her in-laws to return the gold they had given as dowry, they refused to do so. Stuck in a rut, she eventually approached the police and registered a case against them under section 498(A), 406, 506 (i) and under section 4 of Tamil Nadu women harassment act against Ajayraj and his parents.On Tuesday, Raj and Vimala Raj were arrested and they have been lodged in Coimbatore central prison. Presently Ajayraj is in USA.\"We have arrested the parents-in law of the victim,\" said Inspector K Munirabegam, Ramanathapuram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14310390", "title": "MGR Vijayan case: Hubby of accused takes witness stand", "text": "CHENNAI: G Sridharan, whose wife Banu is the prime accused in the June 2008 MGR Vijayan murder case, deposed during the trial on Wednesday.\"He began by saying that he did not know anything about the case and that it was his wife who had been implicated. However, he mentioned an important point that both their children were pulled out of a prominent school in Nungambakkam, where they had been studying for years together, soon after the incident occurred. He moved to Bangalore with the children after that,\" special public prosecutor N Vijayaraj said. However, during cross-examination by senior counsel K S Dinakaran, who represented Banu, Sridharan said he had moved the children to another city as they were shocked by the murder and were scared to go to school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14313861", "title": "Nehru returns as Salman\u2019s guru", "text": "Roshan Seth, known for his role in Attenborough's Gandhi, comes back to Hindi films after six years with Ek Tha TigerBest remembered for his turn as Jawaharlal Nehru in Richard Attenborough' s Gandhi, Roshan Seth was last seen in a brief cameo in Mani Ratnam's Guru six years ago. However, for those of his fans who have missed seeing him in Hindi films ever since, there's reason for cheer.The 70-year-old actor is all set to return in Kabir Khan's Ek Tha Tiger as Salman Khan's mentor and guide. While Seth hasn't really done a Hindi film, that too a mainstream one, in ages, it was his long-standing relationship with Kabir Khan that did the trick this time around.A source close to the film told us, \"Roshan and Kabir go back a long way. Roshan has done the voiceover for every single documentary that Kabir has made. When Kabir turned feature-film director with Kabul Express, he again approached Roshan to do the voiceover. And now when there is a role in Ek Tha Tiger which Kabir felt only Roshan could do justice to, there was no way Roshan could say no to the director.\"We hear most of Seth's scenes are with Salman. \"Salman and Roshan Seth, who belong to two completely different schools of acting, hit it off beautifully. The vibes will show on screen,\" our source added. Kabir Khan remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14314961", "title": "Panel of experts needed to conduct spot examination of mines: Union mines ministry", "text": "PANAJI: Union mines ministry has asked the Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM) to constitute a panel of experts to conduct the spot examination of mines to verify whether they have compelled with the terms and condition of IBM before issuing the certificate of determination of new leases or part of the leases area to lessee.\"Before determination of lease or part of the lease area it is necessary on the part of lessee to obtain a certificate from Indian Bureau of Mines (IBM) that protective, reclamation and rehabilitation measure as envisaged in the Final Mine Closure Plan are implemented\", said secretary mines Vishwapati Trivedi at the annual performance review meeting for the year 2011-12.The Secretary said that it would be desirable that a panel of experts may be prepared by IBM and in sample cases the spot examination with the help of such experts should be carried out to have independent views.Trivedi directed IBM to expedite the process of appointment of consultants for preparing business development plans for sub-sectors relating to copper, aluminium, lead &amp; zinc, chromite and rare earth.Trivedi also stressed on the need for creation of domestic infrastructure facilities for the value addition for low grade iron ore fines in the form of pelletisation and sintering.The Trivedi said that based on the IBM status paper, actionable points for implementing the vision statement may be identified. He also opined that some kind of tax benefit may be extended for mining entrepreneurs who are practicing value addition of ROM(Run-Of-Mine) ore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "14314627", "title": "Dav Whatmore's flawed selection hurting Pakistan: Mohsin Khan", "text": "KARACHI: Pakistan's former Test opener Mohsin Khan , who has also served as the team's chief coach and a selector, feels the team's recent poor results are due to the flawed choices made by new coach Dav Whatmore .\"Whoever is the chief coach is responsible for how the team performs. I just think that Whatmore has upset the balance and confidence of the team and players by experimenting with the team combinations too early,\" Mohsin said on the team's recent defeats in Sri Lanka.\"When I was in charge there was a level of consistency and stability in team selection and the players responded to this and developed a fighting spirit which was evident when we beat England in the test series.\"But now you can see that Whatmore has hurt the team's progress and balance. It pains me to see the players, who had the fighting spirit and motivation, performing in such a way. Whatmore has disturbed the balance and the team combination with flawed selection and decisions,\" he said.Mohsin was asked to leave his chief selector's position and take up the chief coach's slot on temporary basis after Wear Youngish resigned last year in September due to personal reasons.Though working on interim basis, Mohsin much to the surprise of his critics, proceeded to extract good results from the team against Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and then England in a Test series.But the new Chairman of the board Zama Ashram decided to not confirm Mushin's contract and instead brought in Whatmore insisting that it was time for Pakistan team to be trained by a qualified and professional coach.But since Whatmore took over the team's progress has been inconsistent and even though they won the Asia Cup , the performances were not consistent and included a big defeat to India.On the present tour of Sri Lanka Pakistan have lost the one-day series as well. Mohsin claimed that if he had been allowed to continue, the results would have been different.\"I say this with confidence because the boys were responding to me and we were working well together in the team. I can say with confidence that if I had continued, results would have been better because I know the players. They are not being utilised properly.\"Mohsin also launched an attack on those who appointed the foreign coach.\"There are some people who jolted Pakistan's ascent by making the unnecessary change. Such people do not serve the country but only their vested interest. Foreign coaches have never served Pakistan well.\"Richard Pybus and Bob Woolmer are examples. We won the 1992 World Cup and 2009 World Twenty20 with a local at the helm. The PCB said that Whatmore is a professional coach. A teacher doesn't need time to teach students and should get his job done straight away, just like I did.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14310918", "title": "BJD hopes of NDA support to Sangma", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With former Lok Sabha speaker Purno Sangma quitting the Nationalist Congress Party, BJD leaders on Wednesday hoped the NDA would throw its weight behind the tribal leader. \"We are optimistic that Sangma's candidature would get support from the BJP-led NDA,\" senior BJD leader Damodar Rout told TOI. \"Sangma is a befitting candidate for the highest post of President. Our party president and chief minister Naveen Patnaik has repeatedly come out in the favour of Sangma because he is a distinguished tribal leader. If he gets NDA's backing, the presidential elections would not be one-sided in favour of UPA's nominee Pranab Mukherjee ,\" Rout added. Naveen had on May 17 proposed Sangma's candidature.Another BJD leader said Sangma has shown his determination to run the race to Rashtrapati Bhavan and even resigned from the NCP, which he founded along with Sharad Pawar and others in 1999. The NDA has thus far not been able to propose a candidate for the top most post as it is divided over whether to \"fight a losing battle\" or allow Mukherjee to succeed Pratibha Patil as India's President. Senior BJP leaders have said they expect NDA to take a decision on Thursday.With support assured from AIADMK boss and Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa and BJD supermo Naveen Patnaik, Sangma has been leaving no stones unturned to reach out to non-Congress parties, including NDA constituents and TMC leader and West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee. \"We are still hopeful that the Presidential elections would witness a contest and NDA would back Sangma,\" BJD leader Sanjay Dasburma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "14308569", "title": "Want a pardesi piya? Think again, warn counsellors", "text": "BHOPAL: Getting your daughter hitched to an NRI? Think again. Going by the number of troubled marriages being reported at the family counselling centres in the city, the counsellors underline the worrying trend where the girl is married off abroad and then is subjected to a host of atrocities, sometimes culminating in divorce.More than half a dozen cases have come to light in recent times where mostly the girl was married off to an NRI (non-resident Indian) or someone working abroad. Later the bride's families repent because of the ill treatment being meted out to her.There are such cases with each of counsellors at the family counselling centres in the city.Counsellor Mohib Ahmed with Mahila Thana dealt with such a case on Wednesday, where a woman sought the help because her husband had gone back to Dubai without informing after demanding cash and property from the in-laws. He had even confiscated her passport. She has a daughter, who celebrated her first birthday in March.In another case, a woman married abroad came back in the seventh month of pregnancy. Her husband would then send money only to his father and not to her. She sought the police's help and claimed maintenance.She said, \"It is not strangers but the near and dear ones who are misusing the trust that the parents of the bride place with the groom. The criminal tendencies emerge more readily when the girl is taken abroad after the marriage, where there is no one to offer hera shoulder.\"She added that often males resort to the rule prevalent in the Gulf countries, whereby the man cannot take his wife if his income is less than Rs 75,000. Ahmed added, \"The men also often divorce their wives, leave them back in India or threaten to do when they are abroad. The Islamic law is therefore being rampantly misused. We have sought the State Women's Commission help on the matter. The Ulema should be called to discuss this.\"Another counsellor Aftab Ahmed said that it is the \" NRI glamour\" which makes the parents give away their daughter without even performing proper background checks sometimes. \"Recently a case came up where the match was fixed via a matrimonial site. Later the girl complained that her husband was not normal and often he would beat her up and leave her without food,\" he said.\"During counselling the groom was found slightly abnormal. This made me question their wisdom. How could they have not seen this while fixing the match? This left me with the conclusion that only the greed of a 'foreign status and glamour' must have prompted them,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14309758", "title": "Candidates openly violate code of conduct", "text": "LUCKNOW: Candidates contesting urban local bodies elections in the city are blatantly violating code of conduct. Despite ban, they are pasting posters on the walls and resorting to wall-writing. Banners, hoardings and flags have also been put up all over the city without taking permission from the concerned authorities. Though the State Election Commission (SEC) has issued a strict warning against such practices, it has failed to deter the candidates. And, it's the people who are at the receiving end.Ajai Kansal, a resident of Viram Khand in Gomtinagar, is fed up pulling out campaigning material from the walls of his house. \"I have no clue what district administration and SEC are doing? The city was peaceful during the assembly elections, but these days every morning I wake up only to find more posters pasted on walls and doors of my house,\" he said. He also complained about use of loudspeakers by the candidates for the election campaign.Sudhakar Chaturvedi, 83-year-old president of a residents' welfare association Indiranagar, also complained that civic elections have become a nuisance as supporters of candidates stick campaigning material using high adhesive resin. This, when pulled out results in chipping of plaster, which damages walls of the building. \"We will take up the matter with the SEC. Instead of posters and banners, door to door and mass contact campaign is more effective,\" he said.State Election Commissioner SK Agarwal said the SEC with the help of district administration is keeping a check on the violation of the election code of conduct and taking action on complaints. He said loudspeakers are allowed only till 10pm and that too after taking permission from the authorities. He added that only mass contact programmes and use of small stickers and pamphlets for campaigning has been allowed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14311200", "title": "Woman lawyer found dead in her flat", "text": "PATNA: A woman lawyer was found dead at her residence in the heart of the state capital on Wednesday afternoon.The body of Sangita Singh (45) was recovered by a Kotwali police team led by SHO Aman Kumar from a flat in Vaibhav apartment on the Buddha Marg. The police entered the flat after breaking its door, which was locked from inside. \"Sangita's naked body lay on the floor in a pool of blood. She was an advocate by profession and used to practise in city courts. Prima facie, it appears to be a case of rape and murder,\" said Patna City SP Kim.Kotwali SHO Aman Kumar said, \"The security guard of the apartment informed the police that Sangita had not came out of her flat for the last four days. The neighbours didn't have a friendly relation with Sangita so they asked the security guard to call the police.\"The officer said that the police were clueless about Sangita's native place and, as such, informed her brother Amratanshu about the incident. He reached Patna late in the evening from Jamshedpur. The police also informed the owner of the flat, Manju Sinha, about the incident. \"Sangita was probably a divorcee and used to stay alone in the rented accommodation for the last 10 years,\" he said. The flat was rented out to one Sarita Singh. The police are looking for her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14315242", "title": "Amy Jackson treats 'Thaandavam' team in London", "text": "Actress Amy Jackson, who is shooting in London for her new Tamil film, took some time out from the schedule to treat her cast and crew with English delicacies and also took them to her farm.Amy is shooting in London for Thaandavam . Southern superstar Vikram is playing the male lead in the actioner, which is being directed by A.L. Vijay. During the shooting schedule, she decided to treat the entire cast and crew to some English food in her Liverpool house.\"Amy is a very accommodating and warm person. She would often plan and arrange for dinner over the weekends at the best eatery in town. She took extra care that everyone was comfortable,\" said a source from the film's team.The British actress, who made her debut in Bollywood with Ekk Deewana Tha , also took her team to her horse stud farm.\"Amy had even planned a trip for the whole group to her horse stud farm and they all went riding together. In fact, the film's team too was rather impressed by her initiatives,\" said the source.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14308750", "title": "'Would prefer suicide over going back to husband from childhood marriage'", "text": "JAIPUR: Standing firm on her decision to walk out of her childhood marriage, Santra Meena said she would opt for suicide along with her family members, if she is forced to go back to Dinesh Meena with whom she got married when she was 12.Disturbed by the fresh diktat of panchayat on Wednesday which said Santra and her family should be caught and produced before the panchs (heads) of the village, the 25-year-old girl who works as a lecturer at government senior secondary school, said she is going to meet chief minister Ashok Gehlot for his intervention and help.Santra along with her father Ramprasad Meena (48), mother Prem Devi (45), her grandmother Prabhati Devi (60) and her two brothers Madan (20) and Krishna (18) had to flee from the village on June 14 while their belongings were taken by her in-laws after the village panchayat's directions.Talking to TOI from a village near Jaipur where she has taken shelter after fleeing from the village, she said, \"I am not going to stay with uneducated and unemployed Dinesh Meena. If anybody, including the village panchayat, will compels me to, I would prefer suicide along with my family. Those compelling will be responsible for my death.\"Santra said some persons from her village had told her that in the recent diktat, the panchayat has ordered that she and the advocate helping her to fight the case legally should be caught under any circumstance and produced before them.\"If they continue to harass me and my family, I would prefer suicide. Nothing can force me and my family to stay with an uneducated and unemployed youth,\" Santra asserted.The earlier diktat of the panchayat of Manpuria Kot village in Dausa made her to flee the village along with her parents, grandmother and two brothers from on June 14 when at least 12 people, including her in-laws, attacked her.After leaving her home and becoming a fugitive by going against the panchayat's diktat, Santra now wished to meet the chief minister for finding an effective solution to her problem.\"I had met the Dausa superintendent of police, S N Khinchi. But after Wednesday's development of the panchayat issuing a fresh diktat, I felt the need to meet the chief minister. I think his intervention can only provide me a permanent solution to the problem,\" she added.Her family said police can only provide a temporary solution by providing them with armed guards, but intervention of senior authorities from the state government is necessary for a permanent solution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14309867", "title": "Cyber security training for Gurgaon cops", "text": "GURGAON: An introductory cyber security and crime detection training programme was organized in Gurgaon for 60 policemen by Nasscom on Tuesday and Wednesday. The session was organized by Nasscom in partnership with the Haryana Police and Cybercity Welfare Society, a non-profit industry association. Previously, this training was imparted to the Hyderbad police.It covered topics such as the phases of the hacking cycle, ethical hacking, cyber crime, cyber forensics, identity theft and privacy, among others. \"In keeping with the changing times, the police have to evolve and we must learn to use technology much more effectively. We welcome this training program as part of our ongoing association with NASSCOM,\" said Joint Commissioner of Police Anil Kumar Rao. Subinder Khurana, chairman, NASSCOM (Haryana), pointed out importance of Gurgaon in the global map. \"Gurgaon provides important business services to the whole world. A lot of sensitive data is managed by companies out of Gurgaon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "14310944", "title": "Team Anna exhorts people to banish graft from country", "text": "KANPUR: Continuing with their attack on the Central government, members of Team Anna once again said that the present regime and its leaders were acting like 'Dhritarashtra' of the Mahabharata time. They said that the present leadership of the country is corrupt and is flouting laws to benefit itself.Kiran Bedi, Kumar Vishwas, Sanjay Singh, Shazia Ilmi and others members of Team Anna were in the city to take part in the Anna Sandesh Yatra on Wednesday.People from all walks of life and ages, students from engineering institutions like the IIT, HBTI, housewives and others reached BNSD Shiksha Niketan where the Team Anna sought support from the masses for \"uprooting corruption from the country\".The event had been organized by India Against Corruption.Speaking on the occasion, Kiran Bedi, a senior member of Team Anna, said, \"We are poor not because we have committed a sin but because our leadership is corrupt and has been acting like 'Dhritarashtra'. The government does not have money to set up new schools and hospitals but at the same time scams of several crores of rupees keep on surfacing every now and then. This is happening only because we have decided to keep mum. It's time when we should stand and support Anna Hazare who is fighting for the cause.\" Interestingly, this is for the second time when Kiran Bedi termed the government to be acting like 'Dhritarashtra'.Earlier, on June 12, Bedi had termed Prime Minister to be acting like 'Dhritarashtra'. Bedi, however, made it clear that her remarks -- describing PM as Dhritrashtra -- were not against Manmohan Singh but against the office of the Prime Minister for overlooking the problems.The gathering kept on waving the tri-colour and raised slogans in support of Anna Hazare. Patriotic songs being aired through loudspeakers made the atmosphere quite inspirational where people vowed to fight against corruption and not to give up.Addressing the gathering, Kumar Vishwas, another team Anna member, said that the country was now aware of corruption and it will not remain a mute spectator. \"We will be successful in our efforts. Corruption will get uprooted sooner or later. What is required is determination to fight against this plague which is eating into the vitals of our great nation,\" said Vishwas amidst a roar of applause from the crowd.Shazia Ilmi, who was the next to speak, said that corruption has no religion and creed. People with communal agenda will only divide the country.Every person born on this land is the countrymen and therefore, there has to be no distinction between them whether he is a Hindu or a Muslim. We should all stand against corruption, she added.The crowd was up in cheers and applauded the speakers for their words of wisdom. Sanjay Singh, who is spearheading the Anna Sandesh Yatra in the state, said that such 'yatras' would be taken out across the states of MP, Rajasthan, Bihar and also other parts of the state. \"The Anna Sandesh Yatra has received an overwhelming response in the rural pockets of the state.This shows that the entire state is one on the issue of fighting against corruption. \"It also proves that we all are united and cannot be divided,\" said Sanjay Singh while addressing the Anna supporters.He went on to add that the fight against corruption in the country would enter into second phase from July 25 when the indefinite strike would begin.The speakers urged the Anna supporters to support the movement wholeheartedly so that the important battle could be won. The members of Team Anna asked the volunteers to build a strong and grassroots network of people, involving villagers, women, students and people of gram panchayats to fight against corruption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-21"}
