{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17138086", "title": "Women police station gheraoed in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Over 100 women activists of the Adi Hak Mahila Morcha gheraoed the women's police station here on Monday for hours, demanding suspension of officer in-charge of the police station Shila Toppo.\"She (Toppo) is not at all supportive to women. She refuses to register cases, uses foul languages and asks for bribe in exchange of a copy of an FIR . I have myself been a victim of her ill behaviour when I had gone to register a complaint against my husband in 2009,\" said Arpana Bada, a member of the group.The case of a 15-year-old girl was the main reason behind the protest. The minor of Sukurhuttu village was raped allegedly by Jitendra Mahato, a resident of the same village in 2009. When her parents got to know about the matter, they called a panchayat which decided that the girl and the boy would be engaged and later would get married when the girl becomes a major.After the engagement, Piyasho Devi of the village allegedly drugged the girl post which she fainted. When she regained consciousness, she found herself in a hut. The girl said, \"I was kept in Dhanbad where six-seven boys raped me every day for one and a half months. Finally, when I managed to escape and returned to village, I found that Jitendra was already married .\"\"After the case was registered, with the help of an NGO, the OC kept me in police station for three days and beat and abuse me,\"she said. And even after all this Jitendra and Piyasho Devi have still not been arrested,\" said the girl.Toppo, dismissed the girl's charges as baseless different version. \"All the accusations are false. The case of this girl is baseless. According to her she was raped in 2009, why did she complain in 2012? she asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17138024", "title": "Rehabilitation far cry for villagers who gifted land for DVC dams", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan on Tuesday directed officials of the district administration and the Damodar Valley Corporation (DVC) to take up the rehabilitation of about 3,000 villagers who had donated their land to construct Telaiya dam reservoir and other projects 60 years ago.Ranjan visited Chouparan and Barhi and expressed concern over the non-allotment of lands to the displaced persons of Bachai, Singrawan, Selhara, Bendgi, Kariyatpur Barsot and 52 other villages even after 60 years of their giving their land to the DVC. These areas were acquired by the DVC for construction of the dam reservoir which was inaugurated by Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru in 1952.After hearing the problems of the villagers of the 52 villages, the DC directed the additional collector, SDO Barhi and DVC officials to take up the matter and take steps for rehabilitation of the displaced villagers. \"No government will tolerate overlooking the non-fulfillment of the agreement made with the villagers,\" Ranjan said. During his trip to Chouparan, the DC also made surprise inspection to some government schools. In one such school, he found students from Classes I to V were crammed in a room. A surprised Ranjan questioned the teachers how they were teaching the students of so many classes in a single room. The DC issued show-cause notices to the headmaster and three other teachers in this regard.Ranjan also listened to the problems of the villagers and the students who crossed a river by boat for going to school 1.5 km away from their villages. He asked the block authorities to prepare a proposal for the construction of a bridge so that it could be sent to the state government for funds. He also directed the district education officer, Hazaribag, to take measures to upgrade the existing middle school to high school soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17135697", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav assures prompt action on people\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s complaints", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has asked officers to be sensitive while addressing problems of people. He said officers should act on complaints received during Janata Darshan and warned of action against slack officers. The CM listened to people's complaints during the Janata Darshan held at his official residence on Wednesday and assured them that complaints will be forwarded to the departments concerned. Meanwhile, CM was felicitated by Bharat Scouts and Guides on foundation day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17136742", "title": "Protests continue in Mettupalayam over attack on RSS functionary", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tension prevailed in Mettupalayam and neighbouring areas after sporadic incidents of stone pelting and vociferous protest demonstrations continued on Wednesday even as heavy police presence was deployed in the area to quell further untoward incidents. Unidentified miscreants pelted stones at the windshields of eleven government buses plying between Mettupalayam and Coimbatore at various locations, forcing the sudden termination of their trips. Two shops suffered minor damage after an unsuccessful attempt to gut them in Nallampalayam.The situation is expected to remain tense at least for the next couple of days as reports of minor violence continue.In addition, the Rashtriya Swayam Sevak Sangh (RSS) has called for a massive protest at the Mettupalayam bus stand on Thursday afternoon, demanding police action against the assailants who targeted S Anand (39), district general secretary of the RSS, on Tuesday evening.Two unidentified men on a motorcycle attacked 41-year-old Abdul Gafur, an Imam at a Mosque in Karimbukkadai, early Wednesday morning. He was on his way to a mosque on his bicycle when he was attacked on his head with a rod. He suffered minor injuries and has been admitted at the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) where he is in stable condition.\"We are keeping a close watch on the situation. Peace talks are also being conducted and police patrols have been intensified in the entire belt,\" said ES Uma, Superintendent of Police, Coimbatore (Rural).Turns hereCommuters suffered as the private buses plying between Coimbatore and Mettupalayam stayed off the roads while government buses were forced to ply on an erratic schedule in a convoy with police escort from the Mettupalayam bus stand. Passengers from Nilgiris heading towards Coimbatore were forced to wait at the bus stand until a green signal was received from the police. \"We had gone to Ootty to visit friends and are now trying to get back to Coimbatore before proceeding to Bangalore,\" said MA Shahjahan and V Harris, two MBA students from Bangalore.According to office staff at the bus terminus, more than 150 government buses originating from Coimbatore and Nilgiris ply through the Mettupalayam bus stand on a regular basis. Bus services to a few remote areas like Velliankadu and Thayanur were suspended till late evening fearing attacks in remote areas. However private vehicles continued to ply without any hindrance except for a few minutes at Karamadai, Narasimmanaickenpalayam, Thudiyalur and Mettupalayam where they were interrupted by road rokos.\"Government buses are plying with police escort and we are doing the best we can to ensure there is no inconvenience for passengers because of the strike,\" said A Arugusamy, DSP, Avinashi, presently deployed as the official in charge of Mettupalayam bus stand on Wednesday.The response to the bandh call by right wing Hindu outfits in Mettupalayam and Tirupur remained total as commercial establishments downed their shutters fearing backlash from the rioters. However, shops remained open in Kavundampalayam.As many as 367 police personnel including superintendent and deputy superintendent rank officers have been deployed in the trouble prone areas to maintain the law and order situation. Peace talks are being conducted in Mettupalayam in the presence of senior members of both communities to neutralise the tension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17136060", "title": "Maoists abduct, kill ASI in Chhattisgarh", "text": "RAIPUR: Maoist killed an assistant sub-inspector of police hours after abducting him from Chhattisgarh's Bijapur district on Tuesday evening.ASI Nilesh Pandey, in his early thirties, was abducted while he was travelling on a bus from Bijapur to Farsegarh. His bullet-ridden body was found in a forested between on Wednesday.Earlier, the state police neither confirmed nor denied reports about his abduction, apparently because of President Pranab Mukherjee's visit to tribal Bastar region to attend a function at the Ramakrishna Mission Ashram there to mark Swami Vivekananda's 150th birth anniversary.\"The ASI's body was brought to Jagdalpur from where it has been sent to his home town in Bilaspur by helicopter. His family members, who were in Jagdalpur, went to Bilaspur by road as his wife has not been informed about the death,\" Bijapur district superintendent of police Prashant Agarwal said.Maoists had given a call for the boycott of the President's visit to Narayanpur to protest deployment of Army in Abujmarh.The Army has maintained that its presence there was for \"training only\", but the rebels see it as an attempt to set up a permanent base in the Maoist hotbed of Bastar.Pandey's killing comes as Chhattisgarh celebrates its 12th statehood anniversary. The state government laid foundation for a state capital city of 'Naya Raipur' and hosted its first Global Investors Meet to attract investment in downstream sectors during the week-long 'Rajyotsav' celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17136971", "title": "US visa relief for under-14 kids", "text": "MANGALORE: Children below 14 years may be exempted from going to the American embassy or consulate under the interview-waiver programme for a US visa. This is among several proposed changes in rules, said Nicholas J Manring, chief of consular services, American consulate, Chennai. The age limit now is seven years.\"We'd like children below 14 years to stay in schools,\" he added.Delivering a talk on US visas at the Kanara Chamber of Commerce and Industry here on Wednesday, Nicholas said the re-election of Barack Obama is unlikely to bring about a change in the US visa laws, especially H1B visas, which allow Indian nationals to work in the US and for longer stays. \"These laws are not determined by the US President, but more by the Congress and the Senate,\" he said.The Chennai consulate handles nearly 25% of all H1B visas the world over, Manring said. \"In the past 12 months, we processed around 2.36 lakh applications in Chennai and there was about 1.4% increase in H1B (business) visas compared to the same period before that,\" he said. The Chennai consulate also handles about 29% of all L1A and L1B business-related visas worldwide, he added.There has been a steady increase in US student visa seekers, he said, but didn't give the numbers.\"A student's education plan is important to us while considering the application for studies in the US,\" he said, referring to recent instances where students were caught on the wrong side of the law with a few American universities shutting down and students trying to work their way into the US through these institutions.Acknowledging that nearly 50% of applicants for US visas are from Karnataka, and Bangalore in particular, he said a decision on opening a consulate in the IT capital rests with Washington D.C. The US consulates had little control over these decisions, he said, adding, \"It may happen.\"Manring said there is no cap on number of B2 (tourist) visas that US issues and they are valid for 10 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135271", "title": "Ornaments scoring over coins: Jewellers", "text": "MUMBAI: Anecdotal evidence at Diwali 2012 suggests that the Indian consumer is returning to ornaments after a three- or four-year spell where gold coins had begun to take precedence. Several customers are also opting to take immediate delivery of gold jewellery rather than wait for Dhanteras, which falls on November 11.\"It has been a robust season so far,\" says Dinesh M Jain, director, All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation. \"The overwhelming mood seems to be that if one is paying a rate of Rs 30,000 and getting pure, hallmarked ornaments from the neighbourhood jeweller, one might as well wear them and enjoy the experience rather than stow away a gold coin that will never come in use.\"Gold coins are largely seen as a mode of investment in an uncertain economy and had maintained a 30:70 ratio with jewellery at Diwali 2011. However, buyers pay a premium for these, especially when they purchase from banks. They also feel saddled with coins when the value of gold appreciates because banks do not offer buyback facility. \"Even if you purchase a coin from the post office you will have to visit the jeweller to craft ornaments,\" Jain says.Meanwhile, gold prices that had marginally fallen in the runup to Diwali, rose once more on buoyed market sentiment. On Wednesday 24-carat gold came to rest at Rs 30,775 per 10 gm while 22-carat gold closed at Rs 28,211.Through the morning, all eyes in Zaveri Bazar focussed on the results of the US election that could determine how international bullion prices play out in the next few days. \"Markets are afraid of change so Romney's election would have wrought a ripple. Now that president Barack Obama has been reelected, the price of gold will remain firm,\" said Kumar Jain, vice-chairman of the Mumbai Jewellers' Association. He said there are few wedding mahurats this year, prompting busy customers to make bulk purchases from a single outlet rather than browse several stores at leisure.Dinesh Jain has seen brisk buying at PM Shah &amp; Company. \"Usually clients book jewellery before Dhanteras and take delivery on that day. This time, however, actual purchases started shortly after the shraddh period ended and Navratri began,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17136115", "title": "It's Sagar Kavach time again", "text": "PANAJI: Sagar Kavach, the maritime security exercise, began on Wednesday in the state. The exercise is being conducted to check the preparedness of security and defence agencies as well as other strategic installations in the state.The Sagar Kavach exercises began after the 26/11 terror attacks in Mumbai caught security agencies unaware. The mock-drill exercises are an attempt to examine their preparedness and alertness in securing the state's coastal belt and to prepare the defence forces for a sea-based attack from enemy forces. Increasing coordination between the various security agencies was one of the objectives of the exercise, said sources.The Coast Guard coordinates the exercise under the aegis of the chief secretary sources told TOI. The Indian Navy, Goa police, coastal police, Mormugao port trust, state fisheries department, tourism department, customs, captain of ports, lifeguard services and CISF were among the agencies that are part of the exercise. Hotels , shacks, and other coastal establishments have been asked to maintain alertness during the course of the exercise and fishermen have been asked to report any suspicious boats.Sources said the mock drill involves two sets of forces. While a red force attempts to infiltrate through the layers of security, the blue force attempt to thwart any infiltration. The infiltration attempt by the decoy enemy forces begins from the high seas and attempts to target certain land installations.During the course of the exercise, the land areas are guarded by the state police administration, the coastal police keep vigil up to five nautical miles of the sea. The Coast Guard vessels patrolling from five to 12 nautical miles and beyond that the Navy vessels patrol the high seas.Cdr P K Prabhala, PRO, Headquarters Goa Naval Area told TOI \"the exercise was being conducted to enhance security readiness and check any shortcomings.\" He said these exercise help prepare the security forces for any terror incidents like the Mumbai terror attacks.Apart from Naval and coast guard ships, helicopters from both the defence organizations have also been deployed for air surveillance. A large number of navy, coast guard and police personnel are also part of the exercise.Vasco DySP Lawrence D'souza said that \"police checkpoints have been set-up at a number of places in Vasco.\" He said that besides over 100 police personnel, seven PCR vans had been deployed for round-the-clock surveillance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17137187", "title": "Odisha prods Centre on public distribution system rice shortfall", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government has urged the Centre to supply the state's actual requirement of rice under the public distribution system (PDS).Chief secretary BK Patnaik said Odisha required 1.5 lakh tons of rice but the Centre was supplying about 53 tons less. \"The Centre should take immediate steps to meet this shortfall,\" Patnaik told a 10-member parliamentary standing committee on food, consumer affairs and public distribution, which is on a two-day tour of Odisha. The committee headed by MP Vilas Muttemwar on Tuesday reviewed the functioning of PDS in Odisha and also sought the state government's view on the proposed Food Security Bill, 2011.The chief secretary also echoed the state government's demand for construction of more quality warehouses to prevent wastage of food grains. \"The Food Corporation of India ( FCI) should take the initiative to construct warehouses,\" he said.Food supplies, consumer and consumer welfare secretary Madhusudan Padhi said the government had pointed out flaws in the present practice of selection of targeted beneficiaries and suggested to follow a new scientific method. Besides, the government also put its view that the power consumption in the electricity bill should be counted as one of the criteria for selecting beneficiaries.Padhi informed that paddy procurement in the state is likely to start in a week and it would start from western Odisha. Coastal districts will begin procurement in December. \"However, dates of procurement will be finalized at the district level,\" he said, adding that the government has taken steps to provide storage facilities for paddy procurement.A senior government officer said online paddy procurement system will be implemented this kharif season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17135511", "title": "Ramanujan fan to release book on math whiz", "text": "CHENNAI: For professor R Sivaraman, there is only one superstar - Srinivasa Ramanujan. That's why he's writing a 500-page biography on the late mathematician to commemorate his 125th birth anniversary. The book will be launched in December, the month the genius was born.\"I have about 20 pages to go and it'll be ready,\" says Sivaraman, a math professor and founder of the city-based Pie Mathematics Association. He pulls out books on Ramanujan from under his bed, bookshelves, cupboards and almirahs in the hall. \"If there's anything on Ramanujan \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a notebook, a textbook, an essay or even a stamp \u00e2\u20ac\u201d I simply have to have it,\" he says.Sivaraman confesses that he has no interests in life other than teaching and learning math. There's no doubting that: The walls of his room are lined with framed photographs of mathematicians, and when you ask Sivaraman his age, he says 38 and jokes that he was of a \"prime\" age last year.While there are several books on Ramanujan in English, there are hardly any in Tamil, he says. \"It is a pity that it was only the British and the Americans who understood Ramanujan and brought his work to light. Even the first bust of Ramanujan was made by an American sculptor,\" says Sivaraman. \"The late mathematician P K Srinivasan wrote a biography in English in 1967 and interviewed Ramanujan's wife.\"Sivaraman is hoping that his book corrects factual errors that have appeared in previous works. One common mistake that other books make, he says, is that Ramanujan failed his matriculation exam. \"He passed that, but failed his FA exam, which is equivalent to the higher secondary exam,\" says Sivaraman. Another is the common perception that Ramanujan died of tuberculosis. \"Around 12 years ago, a doctor named DAB Young researched Ramanujan's illness and found that he died of hepatitis amoebiasis,\" says Sivaraman, who has spoken to Ramanujan's adopted son Narayanan for the book. \"He told me that long after Ramanujan's death, people would request his wife to keep their certificates and documents beside Ramanujan's bust in her house. For some reason, they thought it would bring them fame,\" says Sivaraman", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17137315", "title": "Suba Thangavelan granted advance bail in violence case", "text": "MADURAI: Former minister Suba Thangavelan was granted anticipatory bail by the Maduai bench of the Madras high court on Wednesday.Thangavelan, Manjur Thangaraj and Paramakudi Thilakar filed petitions before the bench seeking anticipatory bail in connection with a clash among DMK members.There was a clash between supporters of Thangavelan and those of Lok Sabha MP J K Ritheesh on October 30 at a private guesthouse in Chokkikulam. The groups were fighting over an opportunity to accompany DMK general secretary K Anbazhagan to Pasumpon for Thevar Jayanthi. In this incident, one person suffered stab injuries.The police registered a case in this regard and booked three persons including Ritheesh.In the petitions, the plaintiffs including Thangavelan contended that two days after the clash, a complaint was lodged by one Stalin Saravanan at the instigation of the MP. Hence, he sought anticipatory bail.The petitions were heard by Justice C T Selvam who granted anticipatory bail to the three petitioners.While Thangavelan was granted anticipatory bail without any condition, the other two were directed to sign at Thallakulam police station for two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17135702", "title": "Finance company owner hacked to death over love triangle", "text": "CHENNAI: A 37-year-old man, a finance company owner, was hacked to death over a love triangle at a busy market area in Avadi on Wednesday. Police have detained two men in this connection.The Avadi police said the deceased, M Vijayakumar, was a resident of Gandhi Street in Kannagipuram and owner of a finance company in Nehru Bazaar. On Wednesday afternoon, a gang entered the office, had an altercation with Vijayakumar and hacked him to death.The police, after preliminary investigations, identified the assailants as R Lingesh Kumar, a resident of Pattabiram in Arakkonam, and his friend Vijay of Charles Nagar in Pattabiram. During investigation it was found that Lingesh had an affair with a 20-year-old woman working in the finance company. Her parents opposed the relationship and got her married to another man.Avadi inspector S Sivakumar said the woman, however, kept in touch with Lingesh, even while she had a relationship with Vijayakumar. Lingesh got wind of the affair and came to the office, but the woman misled her boss and said that Lingesh was harassing her, a policeman said.Police quoted the woman employee as saying that when Vijayakumar asked her about Lingesh, she could not handle the situation and said that Lingesh was troubling her. This had Vijayakumar furious and he questioned Lingesh when he visited the office a few times.On Wednesday, Lingesh came with his friend and picked up a fight with Vijayakumar, leading to the murder. Police said the two men fled the scene on a motorcycle. Police detained the two men hours after the incident. The incident sent shock waves in the locality as it is a busy market area with hundreds of people frequenting the place.Police are still interrogating the two suspects and collecting evidence. Once we have enough evidence, we will arrest them, a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17138188", "title": "Allahabad Municipal Corporation razes unauthorised constructions at Kydganj", "text": "ALLAHABAD: As part of the ongoing work of widening of roads for the Mahakumbh, a team of officials and staff of Allahabad Municipal Corporation removed illegal constructions from Kydgunj locality up to Parade ground area on Wednesday.The team accompanied by labourers and JCB machines pulled down several illegal constructions in the area which had encroached on the road and occupied nazul land.The team demolished the boundary wall outside an under construction building at Nai Basti area and also brought down the ramps which had encroached on the road.The AMC team also pulled down several roadside hoardings and roadside gumtis and shops which had been put up at the main road blocking the movement of traffic on both sides of the road.At Parade ground area the AMC team also demolished a roadside shops and makeshift huts constructed illegally outside a cinema hall in violation of municipal norms.An official said that the exercise is part of the effort to clean up the route from where Akharas would move alongwith their entourage to the Kumbh Mela area. The road has been encroached heavily by illegal shopowners and houseowners which had made movement difficult on the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17139554", "title": "Vidya Balan asked to shed extra kilos", "text": "While Vidya Balan continues to remain unfazed by the criticism around her weight, director Sujoy Ghosh has asked her to lose all the flab she has gathered in recent months before he starts shooting Kahaani 2.Apparently, the sequel to Kahaani has a lot of heavy duty action and will require the actress to be a lot leaner and fitter than her present form.When contacted, Sujoy confirmed the news and said, \"I want to start shooting Kahaani 2 from May next year.Vidya needs to be very agile in the film.\" Incidentally, Vidya's weight gain started as part of the brief for her role in The Dirty Picture . After the success of Kahaani , the actress was keen on getting back to her original shape but director Raj Kumar Gupta convinced her not to jump into the weight loss game before completing his film Ghanchakkar . As for Sujoy, he is confident Vidya will be able to lose weight before Kahaani 2 goes on floors.\"Giventhekind of person Vidya is who can both gain and lose weight easily, this shouldn't be a tall task for her,\" he said. Vidya remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17137850", "title": "Relaid pitch at Motera can sting England", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Motera pitch, where the first India-England Test will be played from November 15, has been at the centre of many debates and controversies over the years.Remember the India-Pak ODI in 2005, when it was rumoured that then-captain Sourav Ganguly forced the groundsmen to water the pitch the evening before the game, leading to a delayed start?The track also has a history of being notoriously batsman friendly. Some of the finest bowlers in the world have toiled helplessly in these conditions.Then, of course, there are those instances too where batsman have crumbled, like those fiery spells by Dale Steyn , Makhaya Ntini and Morne Morkel of South Africa which led to India being bowled out for 76 in 20 overs. South Africa won that match by an innings and 30 runs with three days despite rain interruptions.Finally, though, the Motera may be all set change colour and character. It all started from the Curator's Certification Course in Mohali from July 8 to 29 this year, which 31 curators from various part of the country attended.It was there that a decision was taken to relay the Motera track. Gujarat Cricket Association (GCA) curator Dhiraj Parsana, who also served as a member of the pitches and grounds committee of the BCCI, was handed over the responsibility.The earlier track had a high clay content. The clay used - pond clay - comprised almost 70-80 % of the pitch component. Parsana and his team reduced the clay content to 55% by using farm land clay and mixing it with 35% sand. More clay content resulted in tight binding of the surface. Now, expectations are more wear and tear will occur on the flat pitch. In short, the track will become more spin friendly.After relaying the track the groundsmen got more than 150 hours to roll it to the measured density, with the delayed monsoon helping Parsana's cause. Now, Parsana and his team believe they have got everything in place in time for the first Test.\"I have strict instructions not to talk about the pitch,\" is all he would say.GCA secretary Rajesh Patel said that they had got no instructions. \"The pitch is being made with Parsana's guidance,\" said Patel.Parsana brushed aside the presence of Sudhir Naik, the Mumbai Cricket Association curator.\"I can't give the report of my pitch to the BCCI. The same goes for Naik too. He can't give the report of the pitch which he has prepared to BCCI so someone else has to do it. Sudhir was just doing that.\"Whatever the inside story, the final conclusion is that England is all set to get caught in a big spin web.There were some ECB officials who visited the venue in early October enquiring what kind of clay was being used, how much rolling had been done, how much water had been poured and how many layers had been laid. These details will provide a fair idea of how the pitch will behave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17135077", "title": "Gauhati University techfest curtain raiser on November 8", "text": "GUWAHATI: The curtain raiser for the second installment of the annual Gauhati University techfest will be held on November 8 at Pragjyotish ITA cultural complex here.The programme will incorporate a series of lectures by some well-known individuals noted for their contribution in their respective fields. The curtain raiser is part of 27 events that have been planned for the techfest, which will be commencing from January.The lecture series will include the following: A talk on harmony by K K Jhunjhunwala; a seminar on personality development by Harsh Khemka, director of IMS; 'Bollycabulary', a workshop by Akash Gautam, a well known motivational speaker who will speak on how the last decade has changed the way the youth look at 'learning vocabulary'; and a discourse on employment and employability challenges for the ever-increasing number of educated youths, with specific reference to the northeast by Ranjit Kumar Talukdar, a colonel and a retired senior defence forces officer, Grenadiers regiment of the Indian Army.\"Gauhati University, the host of the carnival, has pioneered the genesis of state-of-the-art amenities for regimental and rapt study of science and technology in the region through the three-year-old Institute of Science and Technology, which dispenses 10 different courses under three programmes. Based on the same precept, GU Techfest '12 will disentangle the dexterity and will impregnate the cerebral matter of the young brigade of the techies,\" said Raktim Paul, publicity coordinator of the fest and a student of computer science at GU.Around 10,000 participants from 50 educational institutions across the country will be taking part in the event. The festival has been organised with the aim to instill the spirit of scientific and technological inquiry amongst the participants. Twenty-six competition events at the fest will give the participants an opportunity to display their talents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17136119", "title": "Cops say no to lie-detector test", "text": "MAPUSA: Former anti-narcotics cell (ANC) chief Veenu Bansal, deputy superintendent of police Naresh Mhamal and head constable Anand Salunke have refused the central bureau of investigation's (CBI) plea to undergo psycho-analysis and polygraph tests, claiming that the results of the tests cannot be used as evidence against them and that the tests are in violation of their rights accorded by the Constitution of India. The agency is investigating three different cases related to police-drug mafia nexus involving a dozen policemen and two Israelis-Yaniv Benaim alias Atala and David Driham alias Dudu.After all other grilling techniques failed to crack the case, the CBI had decided to conduct a lie detection test (polygraph test) and a psychoanalysis test at CFL in Delhi on the entire police team which allegedly planted drugs on alias Dudu, an Israeli national. The CBI had approached the narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances (NDPS) court, moving an application seeking permission to allow it to conduct the lie detection test and psychoanalysis test on the suspended police personnel attached to the ANC to take the investigation to its logical end. In a reply to the court, Bansal, Mhamal and Salunke, refusing to undergo the test, have claimed that the test is misconceived in law against their fundamental rights and against Article 20(3) of the Constitution of India. Clause (3) of Article 20 declares that no person accused of an offence shall be compelled to be a witness against himself. The accused in the case have also claimed that the results of the test cannot be used as evidence against them as it is against the rights of a person to protection against compulsion to be a witness.The CBI, which is probing Goa's police-politician-drug mafia nexus, had arrested the alleged main culprit in the case, PSI Sunil Gudlar, and five other constables of the Goa police's ANC in the case as part of its investigation. The CBI, in a reply to the court, claimed that they are very close to make a breakthrough in the case and unearth the source of drugs. The CBI also mentioned that accused Sunil Gudlar is giving evasive answers and does not divulge any vital information during interrogation. Gudlar in a reply to the court also denied that he was collecting haftas on behalf of his seniors, and denied that he planted drugs on Dudu. He also did not accept that he was not cooperating with the investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17137056", "title": "Commercial demand for LPG up by 50%", "text": "NASHIK: While the demand for subsidized domestic LPG cylinders had decreased after a ceiling on cylinders available to households was imposed by the ministry of petroleum, the demand for cylinders at commercial rates has increased by nearly 50% with commercial establishments being forced to buy non-subsidized LPG.According to officials of Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL), which has the largest consumer base in the district, the demand for commercial cylinders has gone up by nearly 50% as compared to the same time last year. This was mainly because subsidized domestic cylinders are not easily available in the market following the cap imposed by the Centre, officials said.\"Given the new announcement, those engaged in diverting subsidized domestic cylinders for commercial use such as in automobiles, restaurants and kiosks, have stopped such activity. Besides, customers with more than one connections, or connections on the same or different addresses have also been brought under the scanner, resulting in a fall in the demand for domestic cylinders by nearly 20% compared to last year,\" an official said.While a 19-kg volume commercial cylinder costs Rs 1,701 the 14.2-kg-subsidised domestic cylinder costs Rs 432. Before the LPG cap in September, domestic cylinders were sold in the open market at a premium lower than the rate of a commercial cylinder. The subsidized cylinders would be refilled illegally in commercial cylinders using pumps. But this practice has almost stopped following the non availability of subsidised domestic cylinders, resulting in an increased demand for commercial cylinders by 50%, a senior official from Hindustan Petroleum said.While the company sold around 13,000 subsidized cylinders per day in the month of August, their sale figures have dipped by 2%. \"The demand for subsidized cylinders has dropped drastically but the sale of commercial cylinders has picked up, with the average sale of commercial cylindersnow growing by 10%,\" the official said. Reportedly, the subsidy cap has begun making a dent in curbing the illegal practice of using subsidized domestic LPG for commercial use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136414", "title": "Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology's 10th convocation today", "text": "NAGPUR: The Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology (VNIT) is organizing its 10th convocation at the institute's auditorium on Thursday at 1.30 pm.SP Sukhatme, Professor Emeritus IIT and former chairman of Atomic Energy Regulatory Board, will be the chief guest. SK Joshi, former director general of Council of Scientific and Industrial Research, will preside over.Acting VNIT director T Srinivasa Rao informed that 7171 students would get their graduation degrees while 177 will receive post graduation degrees. Another 18 would get their doctorate on the occasion.This year Ankit Gupta, B.Tech Computer Science student, will be awarded the prestigious Sir Visvesvaraya Medal for highest grades. Institute has introduced another two memorial awards from this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136385", "title": "Notice to Wockhardt for dumping hazardous waste in school", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation health department officials caught Wockhardt Hospital staffers red-handed dumping bio-medical waste on Deaf and Dumb School premises in Shankar Nagar on North Ambazari on Wednesday.NMC health officer (sanitation) Dr Ashok Urkude said the hospital staffers were caught disposing of bio-medical refuse, including bloodstained cotton, used needles, empty saline bottles and bandages on the school premises. The waste is too dangerous to be left exposed and poses a serious health risk.Sources told TOI that the Deaf and Dumb Industrial Institute situated adjacent to the hospital had lodged a complaint with municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane over dumping waste on its premises by Wockhardt. The institute was started in 1946 and has around 400 students. The premises also houses a hostel where about 70 children stay.Despite repeated pleas to the hospital administration, the dumping of bio-medical waste continued. Finally, the institute's principal Chandrashekhar Nare approached the civic chief and submitted a written complaint. Ensuring immediate action, the health department squad led by Dr Urkude visited the spot and to their surprise discovered a huge quantity of bio-medical waste.After Urkude's visit, the hospital administration lifted the waste. The civic body's health department has served a notice to the hospital and directed to respond within 24 hours as to why action should not be initiated for dumping the bio-medical waste in open.As per the provision and under the directives of deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir, the health department has also asked why a fine of 25,000 for violating norms regarding disposal of waste should not be imposed on them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17137024", "title": "Ponzi scam accused nabbed from Sarkhej", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Crime branch officials arrested Shoeb Diwan, a resident of Sarkhej, who was wanted in connection with a ponzi scam. Earlier, Qutubuddin Saiyed, owner of Aliya Enterprises \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a firm involved in a ponzi scam \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was arrested by crime branch.Diwan was wanted in this case because he was a director of this firm. Crime branch officials got a tip-off that Diwan would visit his home in Sarkhej as his grandmother is ill. With crime branch officials on surveillance, the accused was caught soon as he reached home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135305", "title": "NGOs take on crackers on roads", "text": "MUMBAI: The very first rule of a police circular that is issued to police stations before Diwali ordains that no person can burst firecrackers on a street or public place; a diktat which is repeated in Rule 7, which says that such activities can \"cause injury or harm\". Despite this, crackers are ignited with impunity at every festival and during processions, often right in the middle of busy public roads\u00e2\u20ac\u201deven as accompanying cops look on.The danger of such activity hardly needs to be underscored. \"Last fortnight, my son came out of Lower Parel railway station when a string of crackers was burst by some urchins right ahead of him,\" says engineer Frederick D'Souza, who adds that though the boy dodged the crackers, one burned his heel and left a gaping hole. Sumaira Abdulali of Awaaz Foundation says she has seen several cases like this. \"You cannot even predict which direction the cracker will go in; it could hit you six feet away or land in your house through an open window,\" she says. \"Why aren't the police following their own rules and cracking down on this menace?\"While the police have no answers, anti-noise pollution activists are determined to take on this menace. \"Anandini Thakoor of the H-West Federation, Ashok Rawat of Wecom Trust and I will take complaints on the Awaaz Foundation Facebook page,\" says Abdulali. \"Citizens with cellphones can photograph or even film any cracker-bursting they see on public roads and send it to this page with the location and time mentioned. We will monitor the page and follow up with the police.\"Meanwhile, in a meeting with Awaaz Foundation and the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board on Wednesday, joint police commissioner Sadanand Date addressed some of the issues of noise pollution during Diwali. MPCB is to start checking the firecrackers on sale from Thursday (though to what effect one doesn't know since chemical composition and decibel levels are not mentioned on any box); more importantly, Date has promised that there will be joint patrolling of beat marshalls and MPCB officials to nab offenders bursting crackers in silence zones or after the 10 pm deadline. The police have even put out a dedicated 24-hour complaints helpline (22633333).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17135481", "title": "No space in Chennai bus terminus for extra buses during Diwali", "text": "CHENNAI: The government's announcement that it will run close to 3,000 extra buses from Chennai for three days to meet the Diwali rush has put traffic police and transport officials in a bit of a spot. The Chennai Mofussil Bus Terminus (CMBT), from where these buses will originate, only has space to handle 1,500 buses a day.The government recently said it would operate 2,728 special buses from CMBT alone. From November 9 to 11, it will operate 6,859 special buses across the state. Senior officials from the transport department said they had taken adequate measures to ensure smooth flow of traffic in and around Koyambedu as well as easy booking of tickets.The biggest decision to be made relates to whether buses can be diverted to other places. \"The transport minister has been visiting bus terminals in suburban areas to see if some buses can be diverted there,\" said an official from State Express Transport Corporation (SETC). Bus stands in Tambaram and Poonamallee are prime contenders. \"For south-bound buses, Tambaram is the best option. During peak hours, it takes up to two hours to reach Koyambedu from Tambaram and it affects the entire schedule. The decision has not been finalised as it could confuse people. We will get the orders a day or so,\" said the official.The government has identified land near CMBT to park the extra buses. \"About 200 buses can be parked on the land belonging to another government agency. The transport department will pay them a parking fee,\" said the official. To speed up booking of tickets, SETC has increased the number of reservation counters from six to 16.Traffic police have planned several diversions for buses and commercial vehicles to make sure that the flow of traffic is smooth. Koyambedu will be out of bounds for commercial vehicles from 10.30pm to 5.30am and from 10.30am to 5.30pm. \"Commercial vehicles coming from Vadapalani will have to go via Thirumangalam and Valasaravakkam,\" said a police officer from Koyambedu.Senior officials said the challenge is to ensure that there are no traffic jams as buses enter and exit CMBT. \"As the rush increases, the movement of commercial vehicles will be restricted. The movement of buses in and out of the terminus will be circular so that it does not conflict with general traffic movement,\" said additional commissioner of police (traffic) Sanjay Arora.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17136382", "title": "Muslim League irked as cops continue arrests", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Though Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) had approached chief minister Oommen Chandy over the arrest of party workers who had returned from the Gulf via Karipur airport, the party is irked since no action has been taken to remedy this situation. Ajinaz, an IUML worker from Nadapuram, was detained by immigration officials as there was a look out circular (LOC) against him.Police said there are cases were filed against Ajinaz in connection with the 2005-08 clashes.LOCs have been issued against nearly 100 people who are either accused in serious communal or political clashes or against whom there are long-pending warrants. Majority of them are the IUML workers from Nadapuram and adjoining areas. Police say they sneaked out of the country after getting involved in criminal cases.\"We have already informed chief minister Oommen Chandy about this and he assured us that he would talk to the home minister. We strongly protest the continuing arrests though the chief minister gave us an assurance,\" said IUML district general secretary M A Razak.He added that the party has not demanded the withdrawal of cases against its workers. \"We only requested the police to inform the persons about the case before issuing LOCs. Many persons arrested so far are not aware of the cases slapped against them,\" he said. Police, however, said they have not received any directive from the government to stall present proceedings. \"We will arrest the people against whom we have LOCs,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ongole", "code": "17136485", "title": "Youth dies in race for army job", "text": "ONGOLE: A 20-year-old youth collapsed and died here while participating in the army recruitment rally on Wednesday.K Prabhakar collapsed before completing the last lap of 1.6 km run at the Police Parade Grounds. Officials rushed him to hospital after he collapse but the doctors pronounced him dead. Prabhakar, hailing from Chandrapadu village of Chimakurthy mandal, had been suffering from fever for the past few days but decided to participate in the army recruitment rally.The army officials found him weak and ill before the mandatory run began. Yet Prabhakar was said to have been keen on his participation and conveyed the same to the officials. Candidates had to run 1.6 km - four rounds of 400 metres each. Prabhakar fell down in the middle of the third round. Army recruiting officer Abbas said that there was no provision to announce ex gratia or financial relief to the kin as per army rules. He said the candidates gave an affidavit before taking part in the rally saying that they were fully fit and that they would not claim any compensation from the army even if something went wrong.\"The doctors said Prabhakar may have died due to cardiac arrest. But all the same we have asked the doctors to conduct an autopsy,\" Abbas told TOI. Meanwhile, additional joint collector Gangadhar promised the grieving family members that he would take the issue to the notice of the district collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17136588", "title": "HSBC\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s helping hand mela underway", "text": "KOCHI: Customers at the Ravipuram branch of HSBC are celebrating the spirit of giving this festival season. The 'Helping Hands Mela 2012', a corporate social responsibility project of HSBC, features the display of a variety of handicrafts and knick-knacks as members of the NGO Raksha, Kudumbasree and Oxfam India are reaching out to patrons on the bank premises.Minel Meishiri, head of the vocational unit at Raksha, identified the initiative as a platform for NGOs to directly connect with potential benefactors. \"While there are direct sales, it is the publicity and awareness that NGOs garner through such schemes that aid us in the long run. With more visibility, we can reach out to a greater support base,\" she says.Raksha's stall showcases artefacts made by special children and these include candles, towels and paper products. Orders are also undertaken here. While Oxfam India offers a chance to sponsor children's education and women's empowerment activities, Kudumbasree stalls sell wooden trinkets.The mela will be till November 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17136131", "title": "GHMC at end of tether over upkeep of rescued cattle", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a nondescript lane near Vanasthalipuram, hundreds of oxen now occupy an open area outside the municipal corporation's animal shelter. Several of them have patches of thick white paste on their bodies, covering injuries sustained while they were being moved to the shelter even as others move around with bandages. A bamboo fence separates them from stray dogs captured for sterilization who bark uninterruptedly at unexpected visitors.\"Until recently, the animal shelter's only job was to sterilize stray dogs, but now we have to contend with cattle. The incessant rain last week made matters worse as the temporary shed erected to house the oxen were proven to be hugely inadequate,\" said an official attached to the Autonagar animal shelter, near Vanasthalipuram.The 299 oxen at the corporation's animal shelter were seized ahead of Bakrid as part of the police's bid to prevent cow slaughter. While police seem to have washed their hands off after seizing the cattle, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) that now has custody of the 458 seized animals, is in a fix. With no infrastructure to house so many animals, GHMC has given a representation to the police to take a decision about the seized cattle at the earliest. \"Due to the law and order problem in Old City, the matter appears to be getting delayed further,\" said Dr Venkateshwar Reddy, chief veterinary officer, GHMC.Meanwhile, the tussle between owners and goshalas fighting over the seized cattle's ownership, has only added to GHMC's woes. Apart from the 299 animals at Autonagar, another 132 animals are in the animal shelter at Hitech City while the rest 27 are at Jeedimetla animal shelter.Officials at Jeedimetla animal shelter said that programmes like birth control and anti-rabies drives to control stray dog population were suffering since the entire machinery had been pressed into service to manage the seized cattle. While officials claim they have fodder and water for these animals, representatives of NGOs that have also been providing feed, claim that the GHMC is unable to manage the oxen.\"GHMC is unable to manage the animals. It is better they hand them over to the goshalas,\" said Mahesh Agarwal, an animal welfare activist. He claimed that nearly 70 court cases have been filed in local courts pertaining to the seized cattle over the last couple of weeks.However, officials said GHMC is the only custodian and it has to act in connection to court orders and the monitoring committee that comprises of GHMC commissioner M T Krishna Babu, city police commissioner Anurag Sharma and animal husbandry department officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17135648", "title": "One more held for panchayat chief\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s murder", "text": "CHENNAI: One more person has been arrested in the October 11 murder of Ponvilaintha Kalathur village panchayat president Vijayakumar, 36, by a gang at Chengalpet. Umapathy, a union counsellor of the ruling AIADMK, was arrested on Wednesday for planning the murder of Vijayakumar.On the fateful day last month, Vijayakumar had withdrawn some money from an ATM and was talking to a person when the gang attacked him. The incident took place around 7pm at Vedhachalam Nagar, Chengalpattu. Six members of the gang were arrested earlier.Vijayakumar, who was serving his second term as the village panchayat president, had a flourishing construction business, police said.Vijayakumar, who was serving his second term as the panchayat president, had a flourishing construction business. Six people were arrested earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17135423", "title": "Court defers hearing on Laccfed scam charge-sheet", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sessions judge KK Sharma on Wednesday deferred the hearing on the charge-sheet field by in the Laccfed scam till November 12. The charge-sheet was filed by the special investigation bureau (SIB) of the cooperative cell of UP Police.The court directed the investigating officer to arrange the pages of the case diary in proper manner so that it could be easy to peruse it. The court had found that the pages of the case diary were lodged in haphazard manner and it was not easy to read them in a systematic way.The SIB has filed the charge-sheet against former minister Badshah Singh and seven other accused Govind Saran Srivastava, Anil Kumar Agarwal, Ajay Kumar Dohre, Praveen Kumar Singh, Dinesh Kumar Sahu, Pankaj Tripathi and Sanjay Kumar under Sections 420, 409, 467, 468, 471 and 120 (B) of IPC and under offences relating to prevention of corruption act. The session judge is slated to hear Badshah Singh's bail plea on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17137092", "title": "Vector-borne disease cases higher in Ahmedabad\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s posh localities", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If you thought malaria and dengue affected only slums or lower-middle class localities, you are mistaken.Last month, consolidated data showed that western and posh new western parts of the city accounted for a large chunk of vector-borne diseases. The western and new western parts of the city reported 312 malaria cases, while the northern part of the city recorded the least \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 57 cases. This, according to Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) was because of greater incidence of relapses.\"A malaria patient has to take a 13 to 15 day malaria course, but we have seen patients in many cases discontinue medication as soon as the fever subsides. This attitude puts others at risk as malarial parasites are still present in the patient's body and may be transmitted to others via mosquitos,\" says a senior AMC health official.The west and new western areas of the city also recorded 52 dengue cases, which is the highest of all zones. Another area under the scanner is the walled city, which recorded 31 dengue cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135455", "title": "American expats, locals hail return of Obama as President", "text": "MUMBAI: As the drama surrounding the US presidential polls reached its climax, American expatriates as well as curious locals keenly followed the results across Mumbai on Wednesday morning.Barack Obama's victory made it a happy ending for those like Gayatri Eassey, who is in Mumbai on a fellowship from the American India Foundation. \"I am proud to be here carrying the message of the American elections. My dad is Indian and we have grown up believing that these are two of the greatest democracies in the world,\" said Eassey, sporting a \"Obama cares\" T-shirt.The stars and stripes were proudly on display at Worli's Hard Rock Cafe as US expatriates and Indian youths remained glued to the giant screen on which the results were being shown. Eventually, the tension gave way to patriotic jubilation as the crowd\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhich was dominated by Democrat supporters \u00e2\u20ac\u201dhailed the return of Obama as President of the US.Nilce Maudonado, originally from Florida, said she had full faith that Obama would come up with something new in his second term. \"I'm hoping to see some new education policies, which will help improve the economic scenario in the country,\" she said.Expats from other countries, too, were seen soaking in the carnival-like atmosphere.Dasami Moodley (25), who holds the citizenship of both Canada and South Africa, said she had been closely following the US elections. \"They are, after all, important for world markets,\" she explained.Indians like Moiz Hussain Hussain Ali, a government official, wore their own patriotism on their sleeve. The message was clear: the president could not ignore India. \"Today, everyone wants good relations with India as we hold great importance from a policy-making point-of-view,\" he said.The US consulate lined up an array of events to keep the enthusiasts engaged. The guests could take photographs with cutouts of Obama and Republican candidate Mitt Romney or pause to shake hands with live mascots of Uncle Sam and the Statue of Liberty. There was also a mock poll for guests who could sport the 'I voted' badge.Not surprisingly, the mock poll came up with a thumping 90% votes for Obama. \"Democracy is the true winner,\" said consul general Peter Haas.A sense of optimism lingered as guests left with Obama's promise to the US\u00e2\u20ac\u201d\"the best is yet to come\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17136747", "title": "Over 20 lakh women in Rajasthan yet to make it to voters' list", "text": "JAIPUR: The state having a skewed child sex ratio is nothing new but its voters' list is also witnessing an abysmally skewed male-female ratio.As per a rough estimate, more than 20 lakh women, who are eligible to vote, are not in the voters' list.According to the 2011 Census, the sex ratio in the state is 926. But in the voters' list, the male-female ratio is just 877. It means that for every 1,000 males, 49 women are not listed in the voters' list. In tribal areas, a large number of women are yet to cast vote in the elections - general, assembly elections and other municipal elections.The Election Commission has expressed its concern over voters' list and directed the officials to increase the number of women in voters' list, who are eligible to vote.Chief electoral officer (Rajasthan) Ashok Jain said: \"It's a rough estimate that over 20 lakh women are yet to get enrolled in the voters' list.\"Now the EC has stepped up efforts to ensure that all the women eligible to vote should be listed in the voters' list. For the purpose, the EC has directed various departments including health, education, women and child development, Integrated Child Development Services to cooperate in creating awareness among the women about the importance of elections and voters' list. Also, they would work in coordination with booth-level officers for filling forms for listing names in the voters' list.\"In nearly 60,000 villages, ICDS workers will spread awareness among the women about the importance of elections,\" Jain said.Besides, collectors have also been directed to play their role in the campaign. They have also been given quantitative targets, which they have to achieve. The collectors have also been asked to analyse the list of all polling stations.Olympian Krishna Poonia has also been roped in to inspire women to vote in elections. It is decided that her message would be send to women through cinema halls.The health department on last Friday issued directions to all the chief medical &amp; health officers (CMHOs) and principal medical officers (PMOs) to comply with the directions of the Election Commission. In the letter, the health department directed the CMHOs and PMOs to deploy the staff in the field at sub centers, primary health centers, community health centers. ASHA workers were also roped in to spread awareness about elections and voters list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17135582", "title": "Farmers introduced to tech, schemes for better yield", "text": "LUCKNOW: With the objective of promoting sustainable technologies for improving agriculture in state, PHD Chamber of Commerce along with Punjab National Bank on Wednesday organised a seminar attended by hundreds of farmers from across the state. These were selected on the basis of outstanding endeavors and productivity. During the programme, agriculture minister Kunwar Anand Singh distributed Krishi cards to some of the farmers.The minster said the Mandi Samiti should analyse why farmers get low value for their agricultural produce and why middlemen take away the major chunk. He emphasised promotion of bio-fertilisers and upgraded technologies to increase productivity of agricultural land. The other speakers comprising professors from reputed agricultural research institutes and IIM, director of horticulture O N Singh, director of Rajya Krishi Utpadan Parishad Rajiv Agrawal and other dignitaries spoke on challenges faced by the sector.While O N Singh said farmers should grow more fruits and vegetables than cereals for better returns, executive director of PNB Usha Anant Subramaniam highlighted various bank schemes and how PNB had taken the lead in promoting technology among farmers in the state. The bank set up a 'farmers Training College' at Saifai farmers were being trained free in technologies and marketing of produce.Farmers were introduced to various mobile technologies and helplines, mobile platforms for buyers and sellers, mobile payment systems and traceability and tracking systems. They can also access information about seeds, fertilisers and new machines on their mobile phones. Focus was on enhanced customised and localised content for relevant agricultural extension.Chairman of Mahakalweshwar Smile Parks Enterprises, Kuldeep Tiwari, said, \"Sustainable technology is the only way to improve agricultural produce in UP and stress has to be on food and fruit processing section by developing micro industry sector all over the state.\" He also said that more investments and resources were required to supporting the activities. Another aspect discussed was reduction of food wastage and creation of proper storage houses for crop yields.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17136416", "title": "Wall of class IV employee\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s quarter collapses at IDH hospital", "text": "KANPUR: The wall of class IV employee's quarter at IDH hospital associated with Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital collapsed on Wednesday. No harm has been caused to any person, however, the furniture of the house was badly ruined in the incident.The incident took place around 1.30pm when the wall of Manoj Mishra's house collapsed. Manoj is a peon at the chief medical superintendent (CMS) office. As per the information provided by Manoj's wife, Poonam was there at home when the incident happened.Class IV employees' quarters in LLR are decade old dilapidated buildings. The 18 quarters near IDH hospital are in a vulnerable condition. Talking to TOI, Ganga Ram, another class IV employee, informed that the plaster of his quarter also fell last month for which he complained but no action has been taken in the matter.The class IV employees collectively alleged that the renovation of their dilapidated quarters is the most neglected issue in the developmental charts of the LLR authorities. They also alleged that lakhs of rupees, assigned for renovation, goes into the pockets of senior officials and in the construction of their house, while the employees are forced to live in dilapidated buildings which can fall anytime.Around 90 lakh rupees are being sanctioned by the government for renovation work at LLR and its associated hospitals every year. Apart from this, special funds are also being sanctioned for developmental work of wards of the hospital.When TOI Contacted chief medical superintendent (CMS) of LLR, Dr CS Singh, he said the crunch of funds is delaying the renovation and repair work of class IV employees' quarters. He added that he will soon sent special proposal for renovation of class IV employees' quarters to government and renovation work will start as soon as the grant will be passed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17136551", "title": "Police nab 7 criminals with arms", "text": "PATNA: Patna police arrested seven criminals from Beur police station area and seized three country-made pistols and nine live cartridges from their possession.Patna SSP Amrit Raj had constituted a team led by SP (city) and SDPO Phulwarisharif who raided several places under Beur police station area. \"The seven arrested criminals were involved in the robbery of a jewellery shop in the city,\" the city SP said, adding that they belonged to Sitamarhi, Darbhanga and Muzaffarpur districts.Life-term: A city court on Monday awarded life imprisonment and a fine of Rs 25,000 to Bhola Yadav and Ranjan Yadav in the case of murder of Mohd Ihatsam alias Chhotu. Chhotu's throat was slit at Fatuha on May 11, 2007.FIR lodged: The office of drugs controller on Tuesday lodged an FIR against nine persons for allegedly selling fake medicines in Patna. The nine persons were arrested in the case. They were Mohd Ashraf, Mohd Musafir, Sushil Kumar, Pankaj Kumar Singh, Kumar Gaurav, Mukesh Kumar, Uday Shankar Singh and Vikas Kumar.\"The special task force (STF) had requested the drugs controller to lodge an FIR. The economic offence wing (EoW) would further investigate the case,\" said IG (operations) Amit Kumar. \"The medicines worth Rs 40 lakhs seized on Monday were sent to central forensic science laboratory (CFSL) for test,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17136179", "title": "Lokayukta orders arrest of serial director", "text": "HYDERABAD: AP Lokayukta B Sudarshan Reddy on Tuesday directed the police to arrest the TV serial director U Seetharam whose serial shooting resulted in the tragic death of a child and injuries to another child on October 26 in the premises of a gated community complex at Chandanagar and produce him before the court on November 9. The judge said that the president of the gated community complex who allowed the video shooting in the premises too should be made an accused in the case and issued notice to him. The judge also issued notices to the actress Archana whose unskilled driving had caused the mishap and other serial unit members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17138091", "title": "CBI probe sought into links between former chief secretary &amp; Abhijeet Group", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Jharkhand Human Rights Congress (JHRC), a city-based group, has asked for a CBI probe into the links between former state chief secretary P P Sharma and Abhijeet Group of Industries which allegedly obtained several coal blocks during his tenure.Accusing Sharma, a former IAS, of misusing his post to favour the company, the JHRC on Tuesday addressed a memorandum to the President through the deputy commissioner seeking a CBI probe into the charges.\"The memorandum is addressed to the President of India seeking his directive for a CBI probe into the links between Sharma and Abhijeet Group,\" said JHRC president Manoj Mishra.In the memorandum, the rights group claimed that Sharma, during his tenure between December 2004 and January 2006 had recommended to the Centre allocation of four coal blocks to Abhijeet Group.The memorandum claims the coal blocks were allocated to three different units of Abhijeet Group. \"Abhijeet Infrastructure in Brinda, Sesai and Meral north, Corporate Ispat Alloys Limited (CIAL) in Chatarpur north and Joss Infrastructure in Mahuagiri (all in Jharkhand),\" it said.All the coal blocks were allocated to Abhijeet Group during former chief minister Madhu Koda and incumbent Arjun Munda's regime, claimed Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "rae bareli (up)", "code": "17135787", "title": "Sonia makes a fashion statement on her home turf", "text": "RAE BARELI (UP): UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi spelt out her reservation about the Indian fashion trend to \"overdo and over-embellish\" dresses. Speaking at the convocation of the National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) on Wednesday, she said too much effort \"overshadows\" wearers, making them feel uncomfortable and the dresses also lack elegance.She added a \"personal\" note about her sense of fashion that encompasses simplicity, affordability and elegance. \"In recent years, I have noticed a trend in Indian fashion to overdo, to over-embellish clothes. Sometimes a single garment will have zardozi, beads , sequence, patchwork as well as crystals...In my view, fashion does not mean opulence,\" she said.The Congress chief, who has been setting the agenda for her party supporters to be simple, said that adding more ornamentation to garments is easy, but that does not make them fashionable. \"Fashion is not something new to our country. Indians have a very strong aesthetic sense which can be seen in the rural women's sarees, lehangas or the way in which men wear their turbans,\" she added.She described Indian fashion as \"truly unparallel in its beauty, its richness and diversity\". Gandhi also reminisced how her mother-in-law and former PM Indira Gandhi , who wore simple Indian saree, had an \"innate\" sense of fashion and simplicity of her elegance was globally admired.Setting new target for fresh NIFT graduates, she urged them, \"to find the right colour, combination, cuts, proportion in a garment to ensure that it's comfortable as well is more challenging for a designer. It results in a garment that is timelessly stylish and elegant.\"Earlier, Union commerce minister Anand Sharma said that with the recent policy initiatives and arrival of big brands like Zara, Louis Vuitton , Gucci and Jimmy Choo , new flavours would be added to the Indian luxury market, offering consumers a plethora of choices and also presenting opportunities for young designers for better industry placement in reputed MNCs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17135482", "title": "Child abuse case: FIR against two Ghaziabad school officers", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A day after two pre-nursery children were allegedly molested by an employee of a reputed playschool in Indirapuram, police have lodged an FIR against two school officials for allegedly threatening the families of the victims to withdraw the case.Ghaziabad SSP, Prashant Kumar, said, \"A case has been lodged against two people of the school management under Sections 504 (intentional insult) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the IPC. The parents of the victims allege that they were threatened and pressured into withdrawing the case.\"\"Instead of taking action against the accused, the school is mounting pressure on us to withdraw the case. If the children of those officials had been molested, would they have tried to hush up the matter?\" asked the father of the one of the victims.The school management, however, clarified that three people, including the prime accused, have been sacked. \"The other two are senior management employees. We are also conducting an internal probe into the case,\" said a senior school official.Meanwhile, the city administration has started a probe. Ghaziabad district magistrate, Aparna Upadhyay, said, \"I am in constant touch with the police for getting fresh reports. We will not tolerate such incidents and soon hold a meeting with management of schools to ensure safety of the students.\"The administration is also working on forming a cell where parents can directly complain and their identity will not be disclosed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17139642", "title": "Bipasha runs into her ex at Virat Kohli\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s bash", "text": "Though she was alone, her former boyfriend Dino came with his current flameBipasha Basu, who ever since her split with John Abraham has been merrily single and ready to mingle came face to face with her former boyfriend at Virat Kohli's birthday bash on Tuesday evening. At the do, organised by Yuvraj Singh for his team mate at a popular Bandra spot, Bips bumped into Dino Morea , who she had been dating a decade ago.Interestingly, though Bips had come alone, Dino was accompanied by his current girlfriend fashion designer Nandita Mahtani .But unlike other ex-flames, Bips and Dino were rather cordial. \"Bips had always maintained her friendship with Dino. And there were no awkward moments at the party. In fact they partied together,\" said an eyewitness.In fact, the party was quite a success said the eye witness. \"Many from the Indian cricket team were present. Rohit Sharma , Suresh Raina and ZaheerKhan were seen having a lot of fun. Sohail Khan , Ashish Chaudhary, Rocky S , Shamita ShettyDeanne Pandey, Mansi Scott and Masaba Gupta were also there,\" added the eyewitness.Yuvraj, who had planned the entire party, however chose to keep it a private affair. \"The party started in the night and continued till the wee hours of the morning. They were all dancing all night after cutting the cake and smearing Virat with the cream and champagne. Thankfully, he had got an extra pair of clothing for the night,\" said the eyewitness.In fact, we learnt that the party ended on a rather emotional note with the birthday boy hugging his team mates affectionately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17136762", "title": "Congress hits out at NCP for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcattack\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 on chief minister", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) has directed the district units of the party to take on NCP leaders for personal attack on chief minister Prithivraj Chavan.State NCP chief Madhukar Pichad, without naming Chavan called him \"gutless\" while speaking in Nanded on Monday. While NCP spokesperson Nawab Malik had questioned the chief minister's capacity to take decisions. NCP leaders have sharpened their attack on Chavan after Ajit Pawar resigned as deputy Chief Minister.\"The MPCC has directed district units of the party to take on NCP leaders. Party wants to send a strong signal to their alliance partner that personal attacks against the CM will not be tolerated. The district units of the Congress will launch counter attack at local level and also pass resolutions against the NCP,\" said one of the senior MPCC officer bearers speaking to TOI.As a result, the Pune city and district unit of the party approved resolution on Tuesday which stated, \"CM Chavan is a leader with clean character and his functioning is impartial. However, his qualities are creating problems for some. Those targeting CM and MPCC chief are working against the welfare of the state\".Ajit Pawar who resigned as deputy chief minister in September, is being considered for a higher responsibility, the NCP indicated on Tuesday. \"We will show what a chief minister should be like. Ajit Pawar will show them\" state NCP chief Madhukar Pichad said.In an apparent bid to consolidate the NCP position, Ajit Pawar after his resignation has been busy touring the state and not missing any opportunity to take potshots at the Congress.Congress and NCP have witnessed a bitter relation during the campaigning for last Sunday's elections to 10 civic bodies across the state. Top leaders of both parties called each other a party of \"goons, scamsters, criminals, gangsters,\" prompting even Sharad Pawar to intervene and halt the name calling.\"If this is so, then why are still together?\" Pawar had asked sarcastically, referring to Congress allegations that the maximum number of criminals are in NCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17136938", "title": "", "text": "RAIPUR: Maoist killed an assistant sub-inspector of police hours after abducting him from Chhattisgarh's Bijapur district on Tuesday evening.ASI Nilesh Pandey, in his early thirties, was abducted while he was travelling on a bus from Bijapur to Farsegarh. His bullet-ridden body was found in a forested between on Wednesday. Earlier, the state police neither confirmed nor denied reports about his abduction, apparently because of President Pranab Mukherjee's visit to tribal Bastar region to attend a function at the Ramakrishna Mission Ashram there to mark Swami Vivekananda's 150th birth anniversary.\"The ASI's body was brought to Jagdalpur from where it has been sent to his home town in Bilaspur by helicopterHis family members, who were in Jagdalpur, went to Bilaspur by road as his wife has not been informed about the ,\" Bijapur SP Prashant Agarwal said.Maoists had given a call for the boycott of the President's visit to Narayanpur to protest deployment of Army in Abujmarh.The Army has maintained that its presence there was for \"training only\", but the rebels see it as an attempt to set up a permanent base in the Maoist hotbed of Bastar.Pandey's killing comes as Chhattisgarh celebrates its 12th statehood anniversary. The state government laid foundation for a state capital city of 'Naya Raipur' and hosted its first Global Investors Meet to attract investment in downstream sectors during the week-long 'Rajyotsav' celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "17135590", "title": "Members of disbanded STF freed in Panipat", "text": "PANIPAT: The 10 members of the disbanded special task force (STF), who had been arrested by the district police in 2010 for allegedly making attempts to extort money from a local jeweller and a share broker, have been acquitted by the court.The district police had moved the court to frame charges against the 10 accused, including eight cops, in the infamous case of extortion that was carried out by members of the STF of Haryana police.The case against 10 persons was registered on March 11, 2010. The police had filed a 744-page challan in the court of chief judicial magistrate (CJM) on June 11, the same year.The police had framed charges against the accused under sections 395 (dacoity), 397 (robbery with attempt to cause death or grievous hurt), 398 (attempt to commit robbery or dacoity when armed with deadly weapon) and 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC and sections 27/54/59 of the Arms Act against the 10 persons including ASP Ashok Sheoran, ASI Vijay Pal, head constables Jagbir, Raj Kapoor and Iswar Singh, and constables Vinod Kumar, Dharam Singh and Mahinder Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17136592", "title": "Colleges asked to furnish electoral rolls", "text": "PATNA: PU election committee convener U K Sinha, with a view to hold fair and peaceful elections of students' union, has asked all principals of colleges and HoDs to furnish the certified electoral rolls of bona fide students and submit it before December 11, the scheduled date of elections.He said the election committee will requisition adequate number of ballot boxes to facilitate smooth polling and there will be one booth for each 500 students to avoid any untoward incidents.The process of filing nominations is likely to start either on November 30 or December 1 and polling will start at 8am, he said and added that counting of votes would start at 3.30pm at Wheeler Senate House. The committee has also convened a meeting on Wednesday to discuss the strategy of conducting the elections peacefully.Meanwhile, Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad has criticized the timing of the announcement of students' union elections. It said, as per Lyngdoh Committee recommendations, elections to the students' union cannot be held after the announcement of the examination dates. PU has violated the recommendations by announcing the dates of first semester examinations of all its post-graduation courses, parishad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17136568", "title": "Romeo Mobile fails to check road 'Romeos'", "text": "PATNA: Harassment of girls is still a problem for girls going to schools and colleges despite the fact that Patna police had launched its Romeo Mobile on September 20 this year to curb the menace near educational institutions and on city roads.Four girl students of College of Commerce on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the college principal, Shailendra Singh, regarding eve-teasing at the college gate. According to some of the city girls, eve-teasing at public places is still a common phenomenon. Road Romeos pass lewd and vulgar comments on the girls near schools and colleges.Patna SSP Amrit Raj said, \"The Romeo Mobile includes two female constables of the women's police station and one male constable. It keeps moving during school and college hours and visits at least 12 spots every day to keep a tab on the eve-teasers.\"There are hundreds of private and government schools and colleges spread across the city. \"Romeo Mobile is an eye wash only. One such vehicle is definitely insufficient to keep a tab on the 'Romeos'. The boys generally do not come in large groups. Many of them come on two-wheelers with number plates not visible. How the policemen expect us to note down the bike numbers and report to them,\" said Mandvi, a student of College of Commerce.Complaints of policemen's absence around Patna Junction, Chandmari Road, Postal Park, Rajendra Nagar, Kurji, Govind Mitra Road and other parts of the city are coming on a regular basis.But, the Mahila Thana SHO, Mridula Kumari said, \"Ten persons have been arrested so far for eve-teasing since July 3, the day the Mahila Thana was opened.\"\"Girls who ride scooty in the city face more lewd comments. A Romeo Mobile can visit a single spot at a time. What about other girls? We use slangs and become bold to stop such miscreants but wonder what the policemen are doing,\" said Akansha, who lives in a girls' hostel.A senior police official said, \"These days, girls are very smart. But they avoid going to police station for lodging any complaint.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17137411", "title": "Busy ants may help beat traffic gridlocks", "text": "LONDON: Emulating the way insects like ants communicate in busy colonies, researchers have developed a new virtual traffic-lights system which they claim can lessen commuting time by 40% to 60%.Ozan Tonguz, a telecommunications researcher at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh is looking to nature for a solution to the gridlock . His team is trying to emulate the way in which ants, termites, and bees communicate right of way in busy colonies to solve the traffic problems.An algorithm, which directs traffic at busy junctions, was recently patented by Virtual Traffic Lights, a company owned by Tonguz. As intersections approach, a dedicated short-range communications is used by the cars to quickly exchange information on their number and their direction of travel.The largest group of vehicles is given an in-car green light, while vehicles in the other group see a red light and wait for their turn. After the largest cluster of cars pass through the intersection, the next biggest group is given the green light.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135647", "title": "Super-specialty doctors get HC relief", "text": "MUMBAI: Doctors who pursue super-specialty courses in Maharashtra will have to serve a one-year bond in public hospitals, the Bombay high court has ruled.However, in a major relief, a division bench of Justices Dhananjay Chandrachud and Rajesh Ketkar directed the the state to either appoint super-specialty doctors during the bond period on posts commensurate with their specialization or release them from the bond condition.The judges said that doctors were a \"national asset\", comprise a \"national talent pool\" and must be given posts \"commensurate with their specialization\". The court asked the state to appoint super-specialty doctors to the post of lecturers or senior medical officers or to supernumerary posts. The bench said that they could not be posted as registrars or senior residents during the bond period.The court has asked the state to appoint the 2012 batch of 62 super-specialty doctors within two weeks. More importantly, it directed the state that from next year, super-specialty doctors should be appointed to a post within a month of declaration of their results or they should be released from bond conditions.As per Maharashtra's rules, super-specialty doctors who pass out from the state have to serve a bond period of one year or pay Rs 2 crore to the Directorate Of Medical Education and Research. The court was hearing petitions filed by around 250 doctors, including 62 from this year's batch, who challenged the bond rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17137054", "title": "Gujarat high court quashes land acquisition for Poshitra port, plan shelved", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has quashed the acquisition process for 155 land parcels which were acquired by the state government for the development of the Poshitra Port area. The plan for the development of this project has been shelved by Gujarat Maritime Board (GMB) and the state because the project has not secured due environment clearance.After GMB planned the project in 1997, the state government issued a notification in 1999 for the acquisition of land in the vicinity of the proposed port for development. The award for the acquisition was decided in 2001, but it was declared after much delay, in 2008.As soon as compensation was declared, 100 farmers moved the high court saying that the process should be quashed because of the delay. Fifty-five other farmers joined the litigation later. The HC, however, rejected their petition in 2010 saying that they raised objections after the declaration of the award.The petitioners moved the Supreme Court, which granted permission to file a review petition in the HC against its order. Accordingly, the petition was filed through advocate P M Bhatt. The bench of Justice D H Waghela and Justice Z K Saiyed recalled the earlier order and quashed the acquisition in 155 cases. There are 409 land parcels that were sought to be acquired by the government.The high court set aside the land acquisition process with the observation that the government offered compensation after more than seven years of the issuance of the first notification under section 4 of the Land Acquisition Act.The notices under section 12 were issued after adelay and compensation has admittedly not been paid or deposited in accordance with the provisions of section 31 of the Act. Of the 155 petitioners, fifteen farmers had accepted the amount of award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17136572", "title": "Call to implement Kerala Apartment Ownership Act", "text": "KOCHI: The all Kerala apartment owners (Apex) association has asked the state government to implement the Kerala Apartment Ownership Act 1983 as well as make necessary amendments to it to protect the rights of apartment owners.The association said though the act was enacted and published in the gazette in 1984, not even a single apartment society had been registered under the act. The government has also not taken steps to make the procedures simple, or appointed an authority for registration of apartment societies.Apartments were now being registered under the Travancore Cochin Literary, Scientific and Charitable Societies Act, they said.If the act is implemented, apartment associations will get the right to demand maintenance charge from the residents.Now many associations are finding it difficult to collect the amount fixed as maintenance charge. Once the act is implemented, non-payment can be considered illegal.The association also wants amendments to act, including provisions for stage-wise payment to builders. It feels that would help in preventing customers from being cheated by builders.\"Many builders divert the advance collected from buyers during the time of booking. Those who do that should be punished under the section 405 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC),\" said, Jacob Mathew Manalil, legal advisor to the association.The government has been addressing the problems of builders, but has not been focusing on issues faced by apartment owners. They cited the example of the apartment ownership act existing in Maharashtra which has enough provisions to protect the interests of apartment owners and buyers. It also has a model agreement attached to it, which has 'date of handing over of possession', 'society registration', etc in it. It's the responsibility of the builder to get these things done.The association also complained that though the corporation was collecting huge tax from apartment owners, it was not providing them facilities, including water.Most of the apartments in the city depend on tanker lorries for drinking water supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17136910", "title": "Seniors greet freshers at Truba party", "text": "Truba Group organized a fresher's party at its college campus. Several events including solo song, medley group dance and skit among others were organized on the occasion. Senior students interacted with the freshers. In his address, principal, Truba College of Science and Technology, Dr Rajeev Arya acknowledged the effort put in by the students of the college and gave away prizes to the winners. On this occasion, students, faculties and other staff members of TRUBA Institute were present.Odyssey 2K12: Management carnival 'Odyssey-2K12 began at The Bhopal School of Social Sciences (BSSS). According to organizers, various events including cross-word and foot-loose (a dance event)among others are being organised in the carnival. Industry minister Kailash Vijayvargiya and Bhopal Mayor, Krishna Gaur inaugurated the carnival. Principal BSSS, Dr Joseph PP and other dignitaries were also present on the occasion.Several colleges from across the state are participating in the carnival.MANIT: The two-day workshop on 'Time and stress management' organised at Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT). Speaking on the occasion, MANIT director, Dr Appu Kuttan KK spoke at length on the importance of time management in a student's life.According to workshop coordinator, Dr Shuchi Shrivastava, around 70 professors from various management institutes participated in the workshop.RGI: Pharmaceutical week began at Radharaman group of Institutes. The objective of the week is to make students aware about the latest development going on in the field of pharmacy. RGI chairman, RR Saxena inaugurated the week. Addressing the gathering, Cipla's quality assurance head, Javendra Singh discussed important points of quality control measures being used in pharmacy industry.SCOPE College: A fresher's party was also organised at Scope College. On the occasion, second year student (electronic and communication) Prachi Mishra and Sashi Ranjan (first year, mechanical branch) performed solo dance. Pawan was adjudged Mr Fresher while Pratibha Singh won the Miss Fresher's title. Atul Singh was declared Mr Eve while Dipti Parihar won Miss Eve title. On the occasion, Principal, Dr DS Raghav and others were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17137111", "title": "Higher land rates offered for industrial development", "text": "NASHIK: District authorities and officials of the Maharasthra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) offered higher rates for acquisition of land for industries on Wednesday.At a meeting between officials and farmers, the issue of acquiring land for the proposed 32 km railway line from Eklahare to the Special Economic Zone (SEZ) in Sinnar was discussed and farmers were offered Rs 35 lakh per acre for arable land and Rs 17.5 lakh per acre for non-arable land. The price offered is higher than the earlier offer of Rs 30 lakh per acre for arable land and Rs 15 lakh per acre for non-arable land.District collector Vilas Patil, who is a chairperson of the land acquisition panel, and MIDC regional officer Ramdas Khedkar interacted acted with project-affected farmers from 10 villages. Indiabulls Realtech Ltd (IRL), and MIDC are jointly setting up a thermal power station at Sinnar with 1,350 MW capacity for which a 30-km long railway line is to be laid down between Eklahare and Sinnar for transportation of coal. The land is to be acquired from 10 villages, which include Eklahare, Hinganwedhe and Jakhori in Nashik tehsils.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17135328", "title": "Noisy crackers release metal dust, play havoc with Mumbaikars\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 health", "text": "The next time you light a rocket or a sparkler, remember that some amount of metal is loaded on to firecrackers to produce the bright red, blue and yellow colours they give out. These metals are poisonous and banned under the Hazardous Chemicals Act as they can cause a host of problems for people with low immunity or those with chronic ailments.Dr Amita Athavale, head of department of chest medicine at KEM Hospital, said, \"Metals such as copper and cadmium are added in firecrackers to produce colours when they are lit. These metals settle on tree leaves and other surfaces in dust form. For a long time thereafter, they remain in the environment, are inhaled continuously and affect the respiratory tract of people \u00e2\u20ac\u201d especially those who already suffer from some problems.\"Many components of firecrackers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d aluminium, sulphur dioxide, potassium nitrate and barium , for instance \u00e2\u20ac\u201d can cause a string of health hazards ranging from headache and breathing difficulties to serious disorders following years of exposure. (See 'Lights, Sound, Chemical Reaction').Worse, noise from crackers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d especially those with high-velocity \u00e2\u20ac\u201d can cause hearing damage, said city doctors. Several cases of eardrum damage are so severe that they have to be operated upon. According to ENT specialists, firecrackers can cause three types of hearing loss \u00e2\u20ac\u201d adaptation, temporary and permanent. \"Most people feel numbness in the ears for a few seconds after very loud bombs are burst. But there are many who cannot hear properly for about 24 hours and a few for whom the loss is much more permanent,\" said Dr Vikas Agarwal, ENT surgeon at BSES Hospital in Andheri.Several also end up with a buzzing noise in their ear which refuses to abate. \"Pressure and noise from the crackers, especially from a long ladi (string of crackers) or a sutli bomb, can cause timmitor or a permanent buzzing sound,\" said Dr Nishit Shah, ENT surgeon at Bombay Hospital.\"I have had cases of people who have suffered holes in the eardrums because of a direct injury or a tear because of sound pressure. Such cases have to be operated upon and still may not regain hearing completely,\" he said.Breathing disorders, too, skyrocket, especially among asthma patients. Madhav Sharma, therefore, celebrates Diwali in self-imposed solitude. The 81-year-old confines himself to his sixth-floor flat and shuts all doors and windows. On the other hand, Nandini Khare, a 79-year-old Mahim resident, will leave for her Panvel flat this weekend. Her doctor has asked her to be careful as she has only recently recovered from pneumonia.Dr Athavale says avoiding exposure might not be possible. \"We tell patients to increase medication and teach them 'early identification of symptoms'... People should understand their short-term celebration affects others in the long run. One can come up with innovative ideas such as laser shows or community celebrations with fewer crackers rather than gifting trouble to others with fireworks.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17137109", "title": "Buy your ticket at vending machine", "text": "MYSORE: Now, train passengers can avail of automatic ticket vending machines which will be set up at five places in the city railway station, to help commuters buy their tickets easily. It will make standing in queues a part of history.The Mysore division of South Western Railway is installing automatic ticket vending machines (ATVMs ) at existing ATM kiosks of nationalized banks in the station. In the first phase, unreserved tickets can be purchased and later, reserved tickets will be issued.Senior officials of South Western Railway on Tuesday had a meeting with MPs from Mysore and Chamarajanagar, where they informed the elected representatives that the ATVMs will be operational within a fortnight. A separate unit will be installed at ATM counters which will be integrated with the railways computer network to dispense tickets. When space for the ATM counters was allotted, it was mandated that they should have ATVMs which are being installed now, sources told TOI. \"The system will be integrated to issue unreserved tickets initially,\" they stated.Mysore MP Adagooru H Vishwanath submitted demands to senior railway executives led by South Western Railway GM AK Mittal, asking them to extend facilities to commuters. He sought additional booking counters, when officials explained that ATVMs would be opened.Though 14 MPs in Mysore division were invited to the meeting, only two attended.Officials informed the meeting that three Janasadharan ticket booking sewaks are being sanctioned to dispense tickets. They will be located at Ramaswamy circle, Shivarampet and in the vicinity of the railway station. The meeting discussed track-doubling work between Bangalore and Mysore and the MPs asked officials to expedite the works. Chamarajanagar MP R Dhruvanarayan asked for additional long-distance trains from Chamarajanagar.DADAR TRAIN LEAVES ON SUNDAYSThe weekly Mysore-Dadar-Mysore Sharavati Express will now leave Mysore on Sundays, instead of Thursdays. This will come into effect from Sunday. The train will leave Dadar on Thursdays. Earlier, it used to start from Mysore on Tuesdays. There will be no change in the timing, Mysore divisional senior commercial manager Anup Dayanand Sadhu stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17136085", "title": "Duping case in Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: A manpower consultancy firm has filed a complaint with the Panaji police alleging that it was duped by a shipping company to the tune of 62.5 lakh on the promise of providing jobs to 50 persons onboard the ship. A Syed Kareen, general manager, Belmont Manpower Consultancy, Chennai, complained that in October this year, three representatives of a shipping recruiting agency having its office at Patto, Panaji, collected the amount from him and failed to provide jobs to his candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17136092", "title": "Soren to BJP: Give us Jharkhand CM's chair now", "text": "BOKARO: BJP's troubles with its allies mounted on Wednesday when JMM, a major partner in the BJP-led Jharkhand government, set a deadline for the party to rotate the chief ministership by the end of next month.\"A deal is a deal. JMM supported BJP and AJSU in forming government only because they had promised to run the government on a rotational basis of 28 months,\" said JMM chief Shibu Soren , adding, \"The BJP government's tenure will be over in December and it will be JMM's turn to rule. BJP must keep its word of providing us support.\"The party wants to head and run the Jharkhand government in 2013 at any cost, he said. If the demand is not fulfilled by BJP and AJSU, Soren warned that the JMM will withdraw support and topple the Arjun Munda government. The JMM will not hesitate in teaming up with Congress or any other political party to forge another government.Soren said the JMM is yet to decide on the name for its CM candidate, and that it will be declared once BJP responds to his proposal. He added that JMM did not fear elections and the party has is prepared for the polls and would contest alone for every seat.The Congress, sensing opportunity to split the alliance, said it was ready for talks with JMM if it breaks its alliance with the BJP. \"First, JMM must give up its alliance with the BJP and then talk to the Congress high command in Delhi, which can take a decision in this regard,\" said Jharkhand Pradesh Congress Committee president Pradeep Balmuchu. Balmuchu, a Rajya Sabha MP, said the decision regarding support to JMM for formation of the government could only be taken by party chief Sonia Gandhi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17137481", "title": "Student riding home stabbed to death on Malleswaram street", "text": "BANGALORE: A love story that went sour claimed the life of a 21-year-old while leaving another youth seriously injured.The victim, Ajai Balakrishna, was stabbed to death on a busy street in Malleswaram on Tuesday evening while his friend Naveen is battling for life in hospital. The duo had intervened to help a friend who was being harassed by her former lover. The ex-lover's friend was the attacker in both instances.Ajai was allegedly stabbed by Rakesh, a friend of the spurned lover Vinay Kumar, at Giria's junction on 15th Cross Road at around 6.30pm. Ajai and his friends had only a few minutes earlier manhandled Vinay for stalking his former lover and their friend, Manorama (name changed ). Ajai was on his bike when the stabbing incident took place. He tried to drive on but collapsed later on 11th Cross. He was rushed to a hospital by onlookers who saw the bike-borne youth fall by the wayside and thought it was an accident.Ajai succumbed to injuries at around 8.30pm. A resident of Electronics City and son of BEML employee Balakrishna, Ajai was pursuing II BCom through a correspondence course.After Ajai's death, a friend of his, Naveen, rushed to Rakesh's house in Vyalikaval. Rakesh allegedly stabbed him too and fled. Naveen is battling for life in Victoria Hospital.AFFAIR GOES AWRYVinay and Manorama were students of MLA College, Malleswaram, and residents of Vyalikaval. They were in love for a long time. But recently, Manorama split from Vinay and began seeing another boy, Charan.An annoyed Vinay went to Manorama's house last week and sought to talk to her. The girl was pulled up by her parents . Earlier on Tuesday, Manorama gave her internal exams in the college and walked out only to be accosted by Vinay in the corridor. Manorama snubbed him.Vinay later ran into Charan, Ajai and their friends in the college. The group reprimanded Vinay. Later in the evening, Ajai again warned Vinay and his friend Rakesh.Police are looking for Rakesh and his other associates involved in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136396", "title": "Open plots turning into garbage dump yard", "text": "NAGPUR: A clean city is every citizen's need. It is the duty of every citizen to work towards fulfilling the need by keeping the city clean, but it is just the opposite that's happening. Open plots in residential areas are fast getting turned into dumping yards for garbage. People throw waste with abject disregard for the health of those living nearby.Anuja Sharma, a resident of Laxmi Nagar area, is livid over the lack of civic sense in the people residing in the area. She pointed out that a vacant piece of land near her house has turned into a big garbage dumping spot.\"Even employees accompanying NMC's garbage collection vehicle encourage this saying that they will collect all the garbage once the waste accumulates on the plot,\" she said in her complaint to municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane.\"Since the plot is tied up in legal dispute there is no caretaker to look after it. No action has been taken till date to rectify the problem even after approaching NMC authorities and local corporator,\" she said.\"We don't even have a garbage bin to throw waste. As a result, people are forced to throw waste here,\" claimed a resident, whom this reporter found dumping garbage in the plot.Congress corporator Abha Pande pointed out that people of her ward are facing a similar problem. Three huge open plots in the ward have now become garbage dumping grounds for the people of the surrounding areas.\"The stench from the garbage heaps is so unbearable that it becomes difficult for the people to live in this area,\" she said. \"Even educated, well-off people come in their cars and dump waste here,\" a resident said.Jaripatka resident, Pratik Chandrani said, \"The kitchen in my house is adjacent to the plot where people throw garbage. Many a time bundles of waste land close to our house. This illegal dumping ground is becoming a breeding ground for disease spreading insects, especially during the monsoon.\"He added that NMC workers come once a week to clean the area.Chandrani said that another issue that needs immediate attention is menace of people using the vacant plots as urinals. Despite making several complaints, the issue has not been attended to yet. The garbage pile is increasing even as residents are engaged in a blame game.Pande said, \"I have taken many steps for the betterment of my ward, but the people hardly cooperate. They are just not concerned about the poor hygienic condition in the area.\"Anant Nagar locality is no different. Here two plots have metamorphosed into dumping grounds. This locality with its upscale bungalows is suffering a similar fate as that of the other parts of the city.\"The servants of these households are the ones who take out the garbage. They dump the waste in the vacant plot opposite to my house,\" said Sadiq Bhai.Deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir claimed that the civic body had penalized the residents who dump garbage and also has fined the plot owners. He added that the residents can call 102 to lodge a complaint. They can also post their complaints on Facebook (NMC garbage complaint).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17137161", "title": "Cops step up patrol across Nashik for Diwali", "text": "NASHIK: Nashik cops have stepped up patrolling ahead of Diwali to deter crimes like chain- snatchings, robberies and vehicle theft.Indiranagar cops said that patrolling has been made part of their daily schedule to curb the incidences of theft.Vehicles are being randomly checked at various locations to keep control on vehicle thefts. In most cases it has been observed that stolen vehicles are used for other crimes. If a motorist is found driving his vehicle without requisite documents, immediate action is taken on him to ensure that the vehicle being driven is not stolen.Special attention is being given to those riding triple seat on two-wheelers as they are considered to be suspects furthering criminal activity. Cops have also set up check points to note information of motorist passing through the remote areas of the city.Police patrolling has been intensified on College Road, Gangapur Road and in parts of Panchavati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17135758", "title": "Electricity office 'caught' stealing power using 'kundi'", "text": "ROHTAK: Even as Haryana electricity department claims that power theft by rural consumers is a major reason behind power crisis in the state, the Bhartiya Kisan Union (BKU) on Wednesday exposed electricity engineers' offices indulging in \"stealing\" of power in Jind town as power was being supplied to offices of senior engineer and executive engineer through \"kundi\" connections.Sitting on dharna in front of power department office in Jind town since Monday, BKU activists noticed that the electric meter in the executive engineer and senior engineer offices were non-functional. After informing mediapersons, they raised the issue with officials, who immediately swung into action and got the meters installed at both the offices on Wednesday.BKU leader, Mahender Dimana, soon started a dharna demanding registration of a power theft case against officials as power was being supplied to these offices through \"kundi\" connections. Dimana told TOI that during checking of records, they found that meters at both these offices were in a damaged condition since February 2011. \"But these offices have been drawing electricity through kundi connections during this period. It's theft of power and responsible officials must be booked for power theft\", he demanded.Executive engineer, JK Arora, who admitted that the meters had got damaged and were replaced on Tuesday, however stated that it was not a case of power theft. \"Power offices are supplied free electricity. Though the consumption is accounted for and metered, we don't need to deposit bills against the consumption\", he claimed, stating that it's a petty issue which was being blown out of proportion, as they had replaced the meters immediately after it was pointed out by someone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17139272", "title": "Shekhar Kapur to direct Mr India 2", "text": "Producer Boney Kapoor has roped in not only the original director but also the lead pair Anil Kapoor and Sridevi for the ambitious sequelFinally, India's original invisible man is all set to reappear on the silver screen. And producer Boney Kapoor has decided to retain the original director for the ambitious sequel to the 1987 hit Mr India . A source close to Boney told TOI that as of now, it is Shekhar Kapur who will direct the film. Incidentally, when the last schedule of Kites was being shot, Anurag Basu was asked to don the director's mantle for the Mr India sequel. But our source maintained that Boney and his creative team had always wanted Shekhar for the film. \"But Shekhar had prior commitments and had said that he would be present as the creative consultant on the project,\" added the source. But things seem to have changed since then. When contacted, Shekhar told TOIr, \"Well, it is too early to talk about this. But yes , Boney and I have been talking about it often.\" And that's not all. Unlike the earlier plan, the film's original leading couple Anil Kapoor and Sridevi (now producer Boney's wife) will also be a part of the project. Though not in the lead roles, this time around, Anil and Sridevi will be seen portraying important characters. Also, reportedly, Salman Khan would be a part of the project. Boney had said earlier, \"I don't think I can make a film without Salman. He is in Mr India 2 and also in the sequel to No Entry.\" According to the grapevine, Salman may be seen in his first negative role in the film. Mr India 2 will hit the theatres in 2014. Currently, Boney is busy converting the first part into 3D, which will be released a few weeks before its sequel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17136547", "title": "District Tourism Promotion Council plans to hand over Harithavanam to pvt party", "text": "KOCHI: Harithavanam, an ambitious project of the District Tourism Promotion Council (DTPC) on the banks of Periyar in Aluvawill be handed over to a private player to be operated on a MOT (modernise, operate and transfer) method.Collector PI Sheik Pareeth along with DTPC officials had a meeting with a private player on Tuesday to discuss the project submitted by the company. According to the plan they would introduce a new concept whereby kids will be able to drive through an artificial jungle track in Harithavanam.Harithavanam will have battery cars, paddle vehicles, aquarium, live birds on display, an artificial tiger land, horse riding, jungle track with fake animals and sound effects and boating facility.DTPC secretary T N Jayasankar said, \"We have decided to make our non-performing assets live through private participation and thereby generate revenue. Besides, it will also help enhance visitor experience by providing quality service\".The project which was completed six months back has failed to attract revenue and was lying unused, as the place did not have the necessary infrastructure.\"We spent nearly Rs 35 lakh for the project, but it lacked infrastructural facilities such as electricity, water connections, fencing on the river side and proper access road. Due to this, people barely visit the place,\" said an official.DTPC had already built three kiosks, one ticket counter, a walkway, boat jetty and a children's play and activity area. \"The private party would make an additional investment of Rs 10 lakh to bring in better facilites. They would be paying Rs 60,000 every year to DTPC\", the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17135981", "title": "CAG slams govt for brazen decisions, Congress hits back", "text": "GURGAON: Comptroller and auditor general Vinod Rai, whose recent reports have kicked up a storm over several UPA moves, on Wednesday went public with concerns over the \"brazenness\" with which decisions were taken, resulting in a fresh war of words with the government.\"The brazenness (with which) decisions were being taken is actually appalling,\" Rai said at the World Economic Forum meeting and added that with more transparency, the government will become more accountable.It was not just his comment on overall decision-making that would have upset the government. Rai suggested that several institutions such as the proposed Lokpal, the Central Vigilance Commission and the Central Bureau of Investigation should be made constitutional entities, shielding them from government interference. Rai said CBI was often written about as not being independent and acting as a \"handmaiden of the government\".The ruling Congress, which has in the past blamed CAG of overstepping its brief, shot back immediately. \"If he (Rai) talks about brazenness in decision-making and if it refers to the time-period of this particular government, I think it would be worth his while to recall that he was part of the same government from 2004 to 2008,\" information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari said.Rai is a former financial services secretary and was part of the IAS before taking over as the federal auditor. \"And I guess , when he talks about brazenness, that paradigm equally applies across the board to everyone who was part of the government,\" Tewari added.The combative Rai called upon citizen groups to grab the initiative to tackle corruption. \"Why do we leave it to (the) government alone to introduce accountability and probity? Leaving it to government has not succeeded. Citizen groups must empower themselves and ensure that government lives in glass houses but (ensure) that such transparency applies to corporations also,\" he said.Over the past two years, CAG and the government have sparred over a series of reports \u00e2\u20ac\u201d ranging from 2G spectrum scam, estimated to have left a Rs 1.76 lakh crore dent on the exchequer, and the recent 'Coalgate' that resulted in several mining licences being cancelled. Rai told reporters that the estimates could be questioned but the principles used to arrive at those figures were not under doubt.Describing Right To Information and the constitutional amendments related to panchayati raj institutions as landmark legislations, Rai said the citizen was now on the centrestage. Even recent schemes such as the employment guarantee programme and the health mission had created delivery channels which were participative and made the population more vigilant, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17139972", "title": "Debajyoti to compose for Raja Harishchandra screening", "text": "Silence speaks a thousand words. But making it heard is quite a task in our high-decibel times. And that's the challenge Debajyoti Mishra has taken up. He is composing a piece that will be played live at the screening of Raja Harishchandra, India's first full-length feature film released in 1913, at the Kolkata Film Festival on November 11.  The screening of the Dadasaheb Phalke film, which will take place in a tent, will recreate the ambience of the silent era. Debajyoti's troupe will perform there \u00e2\u20ac\u201d he on the violin and others on the viola, cello, flute and clarinet. Having live music was par for the course in the silent era. Film scores during that time were either a compilation of classical or theatrical repertory music or were improvized during the screening. \"In Kolkata, live music was played at New Empire, Light House and even Mitra. TN Dey orchestra or Surasree orchestra were very popular. They had a yearly contract with the theatres and would work with the music director,\" explains the composer. Debajyoti has come up with a 20-minute composition on 100 years of cinema, which will be staged at KFF's opening ceremony. He was also approached to score for Raja Harishchandra by the festival committee. \"It's a difficult task, as no recording of the live music is available. Instead of trying to replicate the music of the silent era, I'm trying to interpret it my way. While music at that time was meant to act as a crowd-puller, my composition will be a reciprocation between silence and sound.\" So how will the music be? Debajyoti says, \"I have the film's DVD and am working on the score. It will have an oldworld feel to it. My job is to create the emotional context and I've primarily derived it from the thought of what I would have done had I worked on the film. The composition is Indian and you can call it my tribute to the silent era.\" Filmmaker Sekhar Das, who is part of the festival's selection committee, says, \"As far as I know, such a recreation of the silent era has not happened at any Indian film festival before.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17135373", "title": "Banks track defaulters with social media", "text": "CHENNAI: An innocuous update like 'Mani was at Kodai Club' on a social networking site could provide a host of information to a bank. Financial institutions have started using social media to check customer profiles, analyse tastes and preferences, assess credit worthiness, and even chase down defaulting borrowers.\"Banks use social media for lead generation, customer engagement and recovery. Some banks have turned to new collection vendors who have explicit skills in social media applications so that they can trace loan defaulters, especially on mortgages,\" said CVG Prasad, chief information officer, ING Vysya Bank said.Banks and recovery companies abroad have been using social analytics \u00e2\u20ac\u201d deriving business insights and extracting data from user profiles \u00e2\u20ac\u201d for a while. \"In the west, social media is used to track customers with pending loans who may be untraceable,\" said a senior official from Development Credit Bank . Posts and updates can provide early warning signals about a customer's financial status.While banks still rely on traditional sources such as Credit Information Bureau of India to get information on corporate and retail borrowers, they are also harnessing social media. They look to social media sites for insights into lending to small, local businesses such as restaurants and beauty salons.Comments on blogs and social media sites on quality of service can be a reference point for bankers to decide whether to give a working capital loan or not. Banks are also using networking sites to track business activities of exporters. If the social footprint hasn't changed much in a year, it could influence lending decisions.\"If an organisation receives lot of negative feedback on its products and services, it may have an impact on its ability to pay future obligations. So this data may be used as one of the parameters to assess credit worthiness of an organisation. Social media can provide useful data on employee and customer perception,\" said S Ganesh, chief executive officer, D&B; Analytics and Decision Services.Not all financial institutions are supportive of social media tracking. \"Anybody can hack and write something on your wall. Not all information is authentic,\" said K Venkataraman, managing director and chief executive officer, Karur Vysya Bank said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17135731", "title": "Three burglaries in Gurgaon within a day", "text": "GURGAON: Three houses were burgled in the past 24 hours in Sector 57, Sector 5 and Palam Vihar. The burglars fled with cash, jewellery and other valuables from the houses worth lakhs of rupees. Police have lodged three FIRs. Unidentified burglars broke into one Neeraj Soni's ground floor house No. R-267 in Sushant Lok-II, Sector 57. The burglars broke into the house in the daytime, when no one was around and fled with the cash and jewellery. On the complaint of the victim, the Sector 56 police lodged an FIR.In a similar incident in Sector 5 area, Abhishek Kumar, resident of Shiv Vihar colony, lodged a complaint with police saying that burglars had barged into his house and stolen a laptop, mobile phone, voter ID card, mark-sheet, certificates and bank passbook. The Sector 5 police have lodged an FIR.Elsewhere in the city, burglars also broke into Pradeep Negi's house No. 299 in Sector 22A. The victim lodged a complaint with the Palam Vihar police station and stated that burglars had broken into his house, when no one was home and fled with a gold chain with pendant, a pair of silver anklets, three wristwatches and Rs 5,000 in cash. The Sector 5 police have lodged an FIR. Police lodged two different FIRs of burglary and have not been able to make any headway so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17136506", "title": "Americans in Kochi celebrate Obama\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s victory", "text": "KOCHI: Americans in Kochi are overwhelmed by US president Barack Obama's victory to the office for a second time, and are planning to celebrate it.\"I am very happy, actually ecstatic, and would be celebrating with my family. We will have a special dinner tonight at home,\" said Dr Elizabeth Matthews, who is in Kochi as a Fulbright-Nehru scholar teaching in the Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences.\"In terms of domestic policy and healthcare, he has had a much better approach. In the next four years, he will get much more done,\" she added. Her friend, Coco de la Baume, said: \"Very happy about the election results. It was a tight race and it really could have gone either way .I hope Obama will now be able to concentrate fully on the job at hand. With the campaign behind him, he will be able to find solutions to many of America's major problems, both at the national and the international level. We need to move forward on so many issues....he is going to be a busy man!\"Obama won a second term in office overcoming a stiff initial challenge from Republican challenger Mitt Romney. Most of the Americans here said they had cast an absentee ballot in favour of Obama.Renjini Basil from New Jersey, who is on a holiday here, said she was in a hurry to return home in order to join the month-long celebrations that her friends had started in the US to celebrate Obama's victory.\"As soon as I learnt of Obama's victory, I called up my friends in the US, who told me they had opened a champagne bottle and were having a big party to celebrate the President's victory,\" said Basil.Bill Fletcher, who has made Kochi his retirement home, said: \"I really feel good that Obama has won. He has a wonderful heart and the Democrats are active and care about the American people and their feelings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chicago", "code": "17137710", "title": "Dad's the way: Obama's daughters grab spotlight", "text": "CHICAGO: Unlike many kids who get election day off from school, Barack Obama's daughters, Malia and Sasha, weren't so lucky. They were in Washington and later flew to Chicago after classes with their grandmother. Later' the first family ate dinner together at their Chicago home.The President's daughters, unlike the last campaign, were seldom by his side. The contrast was Mitt Romney, his adult sons always accompanying him. But once Obama breasted the finishing line comfortably and it was time for him to deliver the victory speech, they joined him on stage with their mother, Michelle.The doting father, fresh from his second victory in the presidential sweepstakes, hugged his gushing children warmly as the crowds cheered them. The kids were proud with their father.Describing the girls as \"two smart beautiful young women, just like their mother,\" he quickly switched over to mock strictness insisting: \"One dog is enough in the White House.\"Before the victory celebrations' both Sasha and Malia were last seen in public on October 28 as they attended church in Washington DC with their dad.Earlier, in an interview, Obama had taken a host of questions and talked of his kids.Sasha, 11, he had said wasn't quite interested in dating and elder daughter Malia, 14, was in high school. But she hadn't surprised him yet with a boyfriend.Taking a query from a 12-year-old on dating, he had counselled: \"You should talk it through with your parents and the time will be right where there's nothing wrong with a young man coming by... But, I'll leave that to your mom\". Elsewhere, he has talked of being worried of Malia going on Facebook. \"She's so well-known ...\" he had chuckled. The president has said he'd want to protect her privacy. Interestingly, Malia isn't on social networking site Facebook due to security reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17137599", "title": "Poonam Pandey told to appear in court", "text": "BANGALORE: A city magistrate's court issued summons to Poonam Pandey , model-turned calendar girl and an occasional film actor, in a case filed against her by a Bangalore lawyer this May.On May 22, lawyer S Umesh filed a private complaint before the VI additional chief metropolitan magistrate against Pandey for exhibiting nudity and hurting religious sentiments.Magistrate Churi Khan also noted that the accusations against the model were under Sections 295 (outrage religious feeling) and 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace). But the court took cognizance of the case under section 295-A (deliberate and malicious acts, intended to outrage religious feeling). The court posted the case to February 22, 2013.The complainant said Pandey had declared in March that if the Indian team won the cricket World Cup, she would pose in the nude. Accordingly, she had posed nude with the pictures of a Hindu god and Sachin Tendulkar. He also said he sent a notice to her on March 31 to her address in Thane, Maharashtra, but there was no response. She had outraged religious sentiments of the people of the country, the petition alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17137186", "title": "Berdych stops Tsonga at ATP World Tour Finals", "text": "LONDON: Czech fifth seed Tomas Berdych stopped the athletic Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 7-5, 3-6, 6-1 in a Group A match of the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals at The 02 Arena.Wednesday's result betters Brit Andy Murray chances of qualification into Sunday's semifinals.The 25-year-old Murray, who lost to world no.1 Novak Djokovic earlier in the day in a long-drawn three-setter, had beaten Berdych in his first group match and will face the winless Frenchman, Tsonga, last year's runner-up, in his final league engagement on Friday.Berdych too is with one win and will play Djokovic on Friday. The group is still open with mathematical chances coming into play, but if it goes according to the form books, Djokovic and Murray should go through to the semifinals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17135688", "title": "Brother duo posing as STF officers held", "text": "LUCKNOW: A brother duo was arrested by the police in the city when, posing as police officers from the special task force (STF), they approached a small-time businessman demanding Rs 50,000. They were threatening to implicate him in a police case. The arrests were made when the businessman informed the police control room about the duo, when they were still waiting for the payment at his establishment in Krishnanagar.Reports said that incident took place around noon when one Sheelesh Yadav of Krishnanagar called up the police control room for help stating that two persons, claiming to be police officers from the STF, have come to his cardboard manufacturing unit were demanding Rs 50,000 from him. On the basis of the information, a police team was dispatched to the location from where the call was made. The police team found two persons - who identified themselves as Shyam Kishore Tripathi and his real brother Kamal Kishore Tripathi of Geetapalli in Lucknow - at Sheelesh Yadav's factory and arrested them after they failed to provide any convincing reply when they were asked about the reason for their presence at the cardboard manufacturing unit.Reports said the two initially tried to bluff the police team as well by questioning their authority to inquire about them. However, the fact that both of them were heavily drunk, made the cops suspicious and their game plan was exposed. The two later confessed to have threatened Yadav posing as STF officers and also that they demanded Rs 50,000 from him threatening to initiate action against Yadav for running a business unit flouting industrial norms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17137081", "title": "Circus owner booked for animal abuse", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three trucks carrying circus animals were stopped by city police on SG Highway near Pakwan restaurant on Wednesday night.The trucks were carrying two elephants and Australian birds in a cage. Forest officials were called to the spot to verify.\"The forest officials said that the animals were being transported in a manner which was in violation of animal rights.\"The animals were cramped inside the trucks and were being transported after sundown. Both of these are violations as per norms specified by the Wildlife Protection Act.\"Some of the birds that were caged are in schedule A which means they cannot be caged or caught,\" said Vastrapur police officials who have filed a complaint against the truck driver and the circus owner under the Wildlife Protection Act.The driver has told police that the circus was being held in Himmatnagar and they were travelling towards Judges Bungalow area where they would be performing in an open ground. The animals comprised of elephants, dogs and birds of both Indian and foreign origin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17136825", "title": "Guna records lowest temp among plains in the country", "text": "BHOPAL: Guna, situated about 190 kms from the state capital, recorded the lowest temperature among the plains in the country. The data released by the India Meteorological department states that Guna recorded a minimum of 10.6 degree Celsius in the wee hours of Wednesday.The chill has set in the state capital too with the minimum temperature dropping to 13 degree Celsius. Weatherman has attributed the fall in temperature to the northerly winds prevailing over the state. Met officials of Bhopal circle said that Guna is located in a belt that is directly exposed to northerly winds.R D Meshram, assistant meteorologist said the minimum temperature in other parts of the state has also dropped due to the northerly winds. The temperatures in the four main cities, including Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 30.2 and 12.8 degree Celsius on Wednesday.The maximum temperature in Bhopal was recorded at 29.3 (-1 degree C from normal) degree C while Indore recorded a maximum temperature of 28.4 (-1) degree Celsius and a minimum of 12.8 degree Celsius.The maximum temperature in Gwalior was recorded at 30.2 (-1) degree Celsius and the minimum stood at 13.2 (-1) degree Celsius. The maximum and minimum temperatures in Jabalpur were respectively recorded at 28.2 (-2) 16.3 (+3) degree Celsius. Weatherman said that further decline in the minimum temperatures is likely in the next two days while a marginal rise is expected after a few days before the temperature again dips sharply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17139683", "title": "Vizag students\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 tryst with NASA", "text": "Back home after participating in the NASA Lunabotics Mining Competition earlier this year, students of GITAM University, who missed the third spot, speak about their experienceIt's a dream for most engineers to get an opportunity to interact with scientists from NASA. And for 10 GITAM University students \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rudrapratap , Siddharth Ram, Saifuddin Malik, Janaki Bhimani, Giridhar, Shahrik Shaikh Abdul , Aditya Sastry, Nishant Chowdary, TSK Naidu and Chandan Reddy \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it's now a dream come true!Back from the NASA Lunabotics Competition, these 2nd and 3rd year engineering students are ecstatic not just about the opportunity that they got, but also for the recognition their work received \u00e2\u20ac\u201d at the competition that lasted a week, they came fourth in the Innovation Module.The task was to create a vehicle that could excavate soil on the moon's surface. They created a robot called Illuminatus, that uses the horizontally inclined bucket wheel model. Talking about the project, team leader Rudrapratap says, \"The Kennedy Space Centre created an environment that was very similar to that on the moon. They even created 20 micron particles, that is the size of the sand particles on the moon. We had to create a wireless robot that could be controlled from 300 metres away. Our robot was able to excavate 3 kgs of soil.\"Work on this robot started in November 2012 and they finished it by February. Despite the preparation, Rudrapratap reveals that their robot started experiencing programming failure and they had to develop a different one midway through the competition. \"That was a very difficult moment for us. However, Janaki Bhimani who was the electrical lead, managed to fix and create a new program in just one day,\" he says.Explaining why it happened, Janaki says, \"The batteries we had taken were seized at the airport despite taking permission before hand. So, we substituted it with car batteries and designed a new circuit overnight. But we didn't have time to perform tests and so we had to face further complications. Just minutes before the robot was taken to the arena, 5v of current that was to reach one pin stopped and I had to use camera cells that I had in my pocket to fix it,\" says Janaki Bhimani.Team member Siddharth Ram, believes that better funding would have helped them. \"I've noticed that funding is very difficult to get in India. Although we were able to create a model that was resourceful and made from cheaper alternatives, it would have been better if we can improve the funding. Students from various other nations came with a lot of backing in that sense.\"Preferring to look at the experience in a postiive light, Rudrapratap says that it was a good learning experience. \"Students from Mexico and Canada , had their faculties accompany them. We were able to notice their working style and the technology they used. It was good interacting with them.\" Seconding it, Janaki says, \"They were very helpful, even when we had issues, they would give us tips and would share gadgets in case we had any compatability issues.\"Talking about the familiar Indian faces at NASA, Siddharth Ram says, \"The scientists at NASA were very encouraging. Jaideep Mukherjee, head of the Space Centre, congratulated and motivated us. When I faced difficulties and was upset, a scientist sat next to me and told me how at NASA, they had failed 11 times before one of their rockets was successfully launched. I later found out that he was Scientist Joe, who was on board Apollo 11.\"Summing up their trip the students say that their interaction with engineers was enriching. \"It is good to particpate in events like these as it gives us more exposure. I want to put to use what I have learnt and do something for the country. There were students from 65 countries participating and we finished fourth, narrowly missing the Top 3 spot,\" concludes Siddharth Ram.afrin.humayon@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17136581", "title": "Maharashtra Navnirman Sena seeks action on Zurmure report", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) has demanded that the civic administration should act on the Naresh Zurmure committee report and take action against those accused of electoral irregularities.NCP corporator Reshma Bhosale, who had contested the civic polls in February, had allegedly managed to get a 'no dues' certificate from the PMC despite failing to pay her property tax dues. The certificate is mandatory for candidates to validate their nomination forms. Bhosale is the wife of NCP MLC Anil Bhosale.On April 13, one Samadhan Maruti Shinde registered a complaint with municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak, alleging that Reshma had \"deceived\" the PMC and the election commission and hence her general body membership should be terminated.Pathak had formed directed a one-member committee comprising additional commissioner Naresh Zurmure to inquire into the matter. The report submitted by Zurmure concluded that the PMC's tax department had issued a backdated 'no dues' certificate to Reshma Bhosale, though she had failed to pay the tax.It said that two PMC employees and a private company in charge of the computer software at the civic body had tampered with the computer system and generated false bills. Show-cause notices were issued to the two employees and the owner of the firm.MNS corporator and leader of the opposition Vasant More said, \"The civic administration has not taken any further steps. The Shivajinagar police have repeatedly asked the PMC to register a complaint. The state election commission has sent a letter to the civic body seeking action on the report. \"More said that the MNS would launch an agitation against the civic administration if it fails to initiate steps against the people named in the report.Anil and Reshma Bhosale were not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17136712", "title": "RSS leader attack not linked to other assault incident", "text": "COIMBATORE: When an RSS functionary was attacked in Mettupalayam on Tuesday evening, reports linked the incident to some youth assaulting a 61-year-old woman and her grandson the previous day. But all the parties involved in the Monday incident have cleared that it was just a neighbourhood brawl and unlikely to have provoked the assault on the RSS leader.A long-standing issue between two groups of youth in SM Nagar in Mettupalayam over reckless riding of motorcycles in the locality turned into a full fledged-brawl on Monday evening. A 61-year-old woman who intervened to protect her grandson was also heckled, which reportedly led to a flare-up in the locality. When a senior RSS functionary was assaulted in Mettupalayam, some people in the area linked both incidents.However, family members of the woman and the injured RSS functionary presently recuperating at Mettupalayam Government Hospital and a private medical facility in Coimbatore city respectively categorically told TOI that both incidents were not directly linked. \"My grandson (Abu Tahir) and some other boys in the locality had quarrelled over riding bikes in the locality. I do not know much about the issue but on Monday when they stopped us and started hitting him, I tried to prevent them and I too was pushed around,\" said N Nabeesa, who was admitted to the hospital soon after. She is expected to be discharged on Thursday.Tahir and his friend, S Mohammed Tayyub of S M Nagar, had issues with a group of youths from the nearby Kodalur Mariamman Koil colony. Religious groups are present in both localities and getting affiliated to any of these outfits is a natural way of life in the area. \"The accused youth involved in the brawl with Tahir and also with his friend Tayyub are from the same locality and are known to all of us for a long time,\" said Abdul Nazir, Tahir's father.Both Tahir and Tayyub filed separate FIRs against eight of them and subsequently G Krishna Kumar (24), R Arun Kumar (23), M Ananth (23), and P Santosh surrendered at the police station and were placed under remand. Four others, Paneerselvam, Mayilsamy, Krishnan and Manoj, are absconding. All these youth are associated with the local Hindu Munnani unit. \"The fight began due to tension between the two groups for riding bikes in a reckless manner in the locality,\" said P Rajendran, legal counsel for the four arrested youth.Family members of S Anand, the RSS functionarywho was seriously injured in an assault on Tuesday evening, also claimed that both these incidents were not directly linkedto each other. \"It was a minor incident and there is no need for them to target a senior RSS functionary like my brother (Anand) for a minor incident. We suspect some other angle behind the incident,\" said Pradeep Kumar, Anand's brother. D Satheesh Kumar, chairman, Mettupalayam municipality, also said there were very little chance that both incidents were directly linked to each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17136829", "title": "E-governance portal to benefit services", "text": "BELGAUM: BS Ramchandra, director of factories, boilers, industrial safety and health, called upon industrialists to avail the benefit of e-suraksha portal by the government for different services.Speaking at an interactive session organized by the Belgaum Chamber of Commerce and Industries (BCCI), on 'e-governance in the days to come' here on Tuesday, Ramchandra said request for services like approval of factory building plan, registration and grant of factory license, annual boiler inspection, filing of annual returns and others could be filed with an online helpline. He also told people in the industry to benefit from helpline 080-22721039.An online demonstration by Shashibhushan and Ramchandra Raju from Bangalore gave details of new schemes, notifications, modifications and facilities available for industries with which maximum work could be done online by reducing the hardship of the factory owners.BCCI president Satish Tendolkar said: \"Belgaum district is one of the major industrial hubs and contributes second largest industrial revenue to the government after Bangalore. The government needs to pay attention to this region on the lines of Bangalore.\" Industrialists Suresh Hundre, Girish Pai, Vikas Kalghatagi, Vandana Puranik and PR Kadam were felicitated on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17139835", "title": "Why Aamir buys everything in pairs?", "text": "Actor Aamir Dalvi who is presently seen as a rowdy cop on television has a phobia of losing things and so the actor tries to buy everything in pairs.Aamir reveals, \"I have a habit of buying two of everything. Even if I want to buy one of something that would last a lifetime, then too I would buy another pair just because I am scared of losing it. For example, when I am buying products like t-shirts, shoes, accessories like ear studs, or a pen stand I will opt to buy two of the same product. But yes certain things can't be bought in pairs - like two houses or two of the same cars though I would love to someday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17138028", "title": "Palamu DC seeks report on NH repairs", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Palamu DC Pooja Singhal has directed (ADM - Naxal) Ranjan Chowdhury to prepare a detailed report on the repairs carried out on NH-75 and NH-98 in the last two year. The two National Highways link Jharkhand with Uttar Pradesh and Bihar respectively.The urgency for a detailed report on the repairs carried out on the two NHs in the last two years arose given the fact that these to important lifelines of the state continue to remain damaged despite the repairs carried out `by the officials concerned. Sources said in the event of the highways getting damaged, the repairs are carried out by the executing agency without entailing any additional funds from the exchequer. The sources said repair work had been done on the said highways in the last two years with government funds.Referring to the matter, Singhal said the ADM (Naxal) has been asked to prepare a detailed report of all repair works carried out by NH officials on the two highways in the last two years to find out as to why cracks and other damages have appeared on them so soon.Singhal was appalled to see the bad condition of the highways when she when she travelled on the two highways on November 5. She declined to make any comment on whether the officials entrusted with carriying out the repairs were involved in some scam. She said, \" Let the ADM (Naxal) submit his detailed report in this connection and the Palamu administration will act accordingly.\"Accompanying the DC on November 5 an NH assistant engineer Bala Prasad Chowdhury who had travelled along with the DC on November 5 had no answers to the latter's queries as to why the repairs done on the NHs require frequent touch ups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17135961", "title": "World Tour Finals to stay on in London", "text": "LONDON: The ATP on Wednesday announced that the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals will be played in London at The O2 Arena through to 2015.The Tour's season-ending event, featuring the world's best eight singles players and doubles teams, has enjoyed tremendous success in London since moving to the English capital in 2009.Brad Drewett, ATP Executive Chairman and President, said, \"We are very happy to announce the extension of our original commitment in London for a further two years, meaning the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals will be played in London for at least the next three years through 2015. We are very proud of our marquee event, the ultimate showcase of the best of men's tennis.\"World No.3 Scot Andy Murray supported the decision to keep the World Tour Finals in London. He said: \"From the players perspective, given how our schedule goes at this time of the year, it is convenient and it has worked very well for us. We get very good crowds here and it is a fun arena to play in. I look forward to getting a chance to play here more.\"Over the past 42 years, the tournament has been contested in 14 different cities from Tokyo to New York to Lisbon to Sydney and most recently Shanghai, before moving to London.Many of the greatest names in the history of the sport have won the prestigious title, including Jimmy Connors , John McEnroe , Boris Becker , Stefan Edberg, Andre Agassi, Pete Sampras, Roger Federer and Novak Djokovic.The prize-money for the tournament continues to increase significantly with this year's purse up by 10 per cent to $5.5 million and to $6.5 million by 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17136530", "title": "Accused school teacher in sexual abuse case nabbed", "text": "KOCHI: After evading police for nearly a month, the teacher who was wanted in connection with a sexual abuse case of a student landed in police net on Wednesday. V A Ibrahim, the teacher of Edavanakkad HAHS School in Vyppin was arrested by a police team led by Njarackkal circle inspector K M Sajeev from Kacheripady junction.The arrest has come a day after the Kerala high court dismissed the anticipatory bail application of the teacher. \"We have arrested the accused and presented him before the court which remanded him in judicial custody till October 21,\" said the circle inspector.The teacher was accused of forcing an eighth standard student to do unnatural sex. It was on September 28 that the parents of the victim lodged a complaint against the teacher accusing him of forcing their ward into unnatural sex. The incident snowballed into a major issue after the local police failed to take action against the teacher.Political parties and the locals staged mass protest against police demanding arrest of the school teacher. They called a hartal on Wednesday demanding the arrest. It was alleged that police played a hide and seek game in the incident and purposefully helped the accused to escape from the clutches of law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135719", "title": "Rehman Malik likely to visit India on Nov 22", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik is likely to visit India on November 22 when the two countries may formally operationalise the new liberalized visa agreement, signed in Islamabad in September, to facilitate more people-to-people contact and trade.Operationalising the new visa regime almost a month before the India-Pakistan cricket series begins on December 25 may turn out to be a boon for Pakistani fans as liberalized norms will make it possible for them to visit all five match venues.Under the new regime, one can visit five places instead of the three at present. Since the cricket matches will be played in five cities, it may give an opportunity to some fans, selected on a case-to-case basis, to avail the benefit of visiting all five places.Pakistan -- which initially wanted Malik to visit India on November 11-12 -- has to confirm the date. New Delhi had turned down the dates suggested by Islamabad due to Diwali on November 13.\"Since Pakistan's cabinet has finally ratified the liberalized visa agreement, it can now be operationalised any day. If Pakistan confirms Malik's visit on or around November 22, the agreement will be operationalised during that period,\" a home ministry source said.Malik's proposed visit was discussed by officials of the two countries on the sidelines of the Interpol General Assembly in Rome on November 5. Malik, during the visit, will also go to Ajmer and Agra on private visits.Discussion on Malik's 'tentative' itinerary took place at a time when home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde strongly raised the issue of 'infiltration' with him when the two met on the sidelines of Interpol's meeting.Shinde is learnt to have told Malik that the promises made by Islamabad had not been implemented as infiltration from across the border into Jammu and Kashmir continued unabated. He also reminded his counterpart that when they had met in September in Maldives on the sidelines of Saarc home/interior ministers meeting, Malik had assured him that Pakistan would do the needful to address India's concerns.Malik is learnt to have conveyed that his government was taking action and it would soon be visible on the ground.Referring to the new visa agreement, sources in the home ministry said the modalities were being worked out to bring it into effect simultaneously in both countries in such a way that it could be formalized jointly by Shinde and Malik.One of the options is to issue 'group' visas to citizens of both countries at the same time and have the first batch of visitors from India and Pakistan welcomed by Shinde and Malik in a function at Wagah border post.The new visa agreement -- introducing for the first time group tourist and pilgrim visas and separate visas for businessmen -- was signed in September during the visit of former foreign minister S M Krishna to Islamabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135620", "title": "45 managers to ease load on judges", "text": "MUMBAI: To free judges of administrative work, the state has decided to create 45 new managerial posts to carry out the administrative work of the courts.These posts will be created by 2014-15 and would cost Rs 3.7 crore, which will be reimbursed to the state by the Centre. This decision was taken by the state cabinet in its weekly meeting at Vidhan Bhavan on Wednesday.The posts will be created for the Bombay high court and its Aurangabad and Nagpur benches and for other courts in 35 districts. Sanctioning leaves for court staff and maintaining their records are some of the administrative jobs handled by judges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17135840", "title": "Career fair to be held for school kids", "text": "GURGAON: Today's job market is over-competitive and unforgiving. So for those about to finish school, it is never too early to begin readying themselves up for it. Questions like which career path to take and which streams to choose from are fraught with uncertainty. And the organizers of the forthcoming career fest, to be held later this month in Gurgaon, are aiming to demystify this very process of picking and choosing.'The Big Leap 2012', an inter-school career counselling fair, is slated for November 17, and is being organized at Delhi Public School (DPS), Sushant Lok. \"The event is being organized with the hope that we will be able to present a panoramic view of career choices and emerging career trends to students,\" said one of the representatives of the school.Students from various other schools will also be participating in this event, and will be able to interact not just with career counselors, but with several academics and professionals representing a wide range of work areas. \"The objective is to empower our students with valuable information about various career avenues. In order to enable them to make informed choices, we would like them to interact with experts from the industry,\" said Dr Ruchi Seth, principal, DPS Sushant Lok.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17139677", "title": "Gadkari meets Advani", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nitin Gadkari met L K Advani on Thursday to wish him on his birthday.Gadkari met Advani at his residence. The meeting between the two lasted for 15 minutes.The meeting came amid reports that Advani is apparently unhappy over the BJP president's continuance in his post.Delhi BJP leader Vijay Jolly , who was present on the occasion, said, \"The atmosphere was very cordial when Gadkari met Advani. Gadkari touched Advani's feet and sought his blessings\".The meeting comes against the backdrop of divisions persisting within BJP over the continuance of Gadkari as its president even as its core group on Tuesday yet again stood behind him insisting that there was \"no legal or moral wrongdoing\" by him in the running of his company.However, Advani had kept away from the party's core group and general secretaries meeting as he was apparently unhappy over Gadkari's continuance in the post.Gadkari has been under attack from various quarters after a media expose of the alleged dubious funding of a company run by him. He has refused to quit as BJP chief maintaining that he has offered himself for any probe on the issue.Meanwhile, party workers gathered at Advani's residence on Thursday to greet him on his 85th birthday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136960", "title": "Nagpur University eves oust Pune", "text": "NAGPUR: The depleted RTM Nagpur University team got their campaign off to a rousing start in the West Zone Inter-University Basketball Championship for women which began at the Lakshmibai National University of Physical Education College ground in Gwalior on Wednesday.Nagpur eves stunned strong Pune University 38-37 in a low-scoring thriller. Interestingly, Nagpur team went for the tourney with just 11 players that too without any lanky guard to strengthen their defence. With no tall guard, Nagpur marked their rivals closely in the defence and utilized their speed to good effect.Their strategy helped them to get an upper hand over their experienced rivals to post a narrow win.After taking a 7-6 lead at the end of first quarter, Nagpur raised their level and took the second period 15-9 for a handy 7-point lead at the breather.The advantage was further stretched to 8 points after the change of ends as Nagpur won the third period 7-6 but a fine fight back from Pune in the last period took them by surprise. Though, Pune managed to dominate the last quarter 16-9 they failed to prevent defeat.For the winners, Disha Wadpalliwar emerged the top scorer with 12 points while Amruta Tingne netted 10 points. Sayali Gadkari supported well with 8 points. Tejaswini Madne and Akansha Deshpande scored 4 points each.A valiant 17-point game-high score from Pune's experienced point guard Tanvi Shevade went in vain as Ishwari Khatti and Aishwariya scored 8 points each.To qualify for the All-India Inter-University, Nagpur varsity need to post two more victories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17137282", "title": "Nellai-Mumbai train starts from today", "text": "MADURAI: The Dadar - Yesvantpur Chalukya Express will be extended to Tirunelveli for three days a week and the first service will be flagged off from the Tirunelveli station on Thursday.According to a statement from the Madurai railway division, the inaugural run and regular service of train number 11022 Tirunelveli - Dadar (Tri-weekly) Express will commence from Tirunelveli on November 8 and regular service from Dadar from November 10 onwards.Train number 11022 Tirunelveli - Dadar Tri-weekly Express will leave Tirunelveli every Mondays, Thursdays and Fridays at 2.45pm and arrive Dadar at 5.50am on the third day. Train number 11021 Dadar - Tirunelveli Tri-weekly Express will leave Dadar every Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Saturdays at 9.30pm and arrive Tirunelveli at 11.45am on the third day.The train will stop at Vanchi Maniyachi, Kovilpatti, Sattur, Virudhunagar, Madurai Junction, Dindigul Junction, Karur Junction, Erode Junction, Salem Junction, Dharmapuri, Hosur, Banaswadi, Yeswantpur Junction, Tumkur, Tiptur, Arsikere Junction, Kadur, Birur Junction, Davangere, Harihar, Ranibennur, Haveri, Hubli Junction, Dharwar, Alnavar Junction, Londa Junction, Belgaum, Ghatprabha, Kudachi, Miraj Junction, Sangli, Takari, Karad, Satara, Pune Junction, Lonavala, Karjat and Kalyan Junction. Train No 11022 Tirunelveli - Dadar Tri-weekly Express will not stop at Karjat, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17137050", "title": "Raj Thackeray reviews panel report on city development", "text": "NASHIK: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief, Raj Thackeray, wound up his two-day tour in Nashik on Wednesday afternoon.While he discussed city development-related issues with officials but did not meet architects or designers as decided earlier.Thackeray, who was in Nashik on Tuesday and Wednesday, mainly to meet newly-elected members of the Trimbak municipalcouncil, also paid a visit to the civic headquarters at Rajiv Gandhi Bhavan.During his visit in the past, the MNS chief had appointed an expert panel that visited the city to study development projects. MNS leaders said Thackeray had discussed suggestions of the expert committee with the municipal commissioner. While MNS leaders said the report has been handed over to the NMC, municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare denied receiving the report in hand. \"No report has been submitted but we discussed road development among other things. The committee has prepared some concepts which Thackeray showed to us. Now we have to see how we can implement them, \" Khandare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17137643", "title": "Obama's second term: Pakistan's fate hangs on Afghan future", "text": "NEW DELHI: If there was one thing that helped Obama's re-election campaign, it was his foreign policy \u00e2\u20ac\u201d killing Osama bin Laden and a 2014 deadline for the United States pullout from Afghanistan.As the war winds down in Afghanistan and the Taliban/al-Qaida /Islamism/terrorism/nuclear proliferation challenge is focused in Pakistan, the second Obama administration could be looking at a recalibration of its ties with both countries.How Obama deals with Af-Pak will affect the US ties with India and have portents for India's growth in the region and affect regional stability. Afghanistan is the lesser problem. The post-2014 scenario for Afghanistan veers between prophecies of chaos, de facto partition (the Bob Blackwill solution) and armed stalemate, with an outside presence to help ward off a Taliban takeover.There are no illusions in Washington or New Delhi that this transition will be smooth, though Obama may push for an accelerated exit in 2014. As the premier regional power, India will do some of the heavy lifting afterwards and next week Hamid Karzai's visit will be testimony to the new responsibilities. Where the US and India will work together is to help Afghanistan find its feet in terms of economic development, hoping that could be a viable alternative to a Taliban takeover, which is the Pakistani plan. This would entail investments in mineral resources, oil, building up human capacity, helping Afghans defend themselves against the Pak-backed Taliban.Despite withdrawal, the US will still have the biggest security footprint in Afghanistan, with special forces and air bases. That's good for India. Not for Pakistan though.Pakistan has had an uncomfortable relationship with Obama, especially since no one in the US seemed to be paying attention to Pakistani complaints about drone strikes. The US-Pakistan relationship is not likely to get better, unless Pakistan takes a strategic step away from supporting terror groups. Pakistan has made much of the drone strikes, but US reports say, they've been successful, killing high value terrorist leaders. That will not change in the near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135121", "title": "Maharashtra nod for 3 more subsidized LPG cylinders", "text": "MUMBAI: In a move that fuels hope for scores of households in the city, the Maharashtra government on Wednesday agreed in principle to supply three more subsidized LPG cylinders to consumers whose annual income is less than Rs 1 lakh per anum. These will be in additional to the six cooking gas cylinders that every consumer is entitled to in a year.However, there's a catch\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthis benefit will be subject to the number of gas cylinders utilized by a consumer between April 1, 2012 and March 31, 2013. This means that if a consumer used seven cylinders during this period, then he/she will be entitled to only seven subsidized cylinders, and not nine, from next year. However, if a family used 12 cylinders, it will get nine at the subsidized rate.The decision was taken by the state cabinet in a meeting held in Vidhan Bhavan on Wednesday. This may entail an additional burden of Rs 1,600 crore on the state exchequer, sources said.Said chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, \"It will take the state government a couple of months to implement this scheme.\" Asked about the number of beneficiaries, Chavan said, \"We will have to get details from gas supplying agencies. The subsidy of additional cooking gas cylinders will be deposited directly in the consumer's bank account. For instance, if a consumer gets three additional subsidized cooking gas cylinders, Rs 1,110 will be deposited in his/her account.\"Sources said the government will scrap the scheme if the Centre increases the cap to nine cylinders from six.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17135289", "title": "Illegal box-making unit closed after 5 workers fall ill", "text": "CHENNAI: A manufacturing unit at the Vysarpadi Co-operative Industrial Estate was sealed by the Chennai Corporation on Wednesday after it was found to be illegally housing workers and functioning without a trade licence.The decision to raid the unit, which makes coloured packing boxes, came after five of its workers got admitted to the Communicable Diseases Hospital in Tondiarpet with symptoms of Acute Diarrhoeal Disease (ADD), including vomiting and nausea.Officials who went to investigate the cause of water or food contamination found a building containing factory equipment and on the first floor \"24 labourers from Bihar were staying with no facilities to maintain hygiene,\" said corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan.They were cooped up in cramped rooms. \"There were no toilet facilities, ventilation or adequate space for so many men,\" said a corporation press release.After investigations revealed that the factory didn't have a valid trade licence, it was sealed. A corporation doctor checked the other workers to ensure ADD had not become severe and gave them chlorine tablets to be added to the water. \"These men often drink water from taps or cans without boiling, especially while they are working. So contamination must have been water-related,\" said an official.Less than two weeks ago, a men's hostel in Pudupet was sealed after seven members were admitted to the CDH with diarrhoea. Hundreds of migrant labourers from other states live in makeshift shelters at construction sites and factories in the city without proper drinking water facilities, sources said.Corporation officials began investigations of diarrhoea and cholera cases, after a few cases were reported in June and July. Rules became more stringent after two construction workers in Pallikaranai died of diarrhoea in September and the corporation began conducting surprise checks at construction sites across the city.In the latest incident, action is expected to be initiated against the owner and contractor, for not providing necessary facilities such as toilets, safe drinking water and medical assistance to workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17135879", "title": "Gyan Singh will groove no more", "text": "KOLKATA: Gyan Singh, one of India's most respected bassists and a member of the iconic Skinny Alley, passed away on Wednesday after a long battle with colon cancer. He was 61.As news spread on social networking sites, condolences started pouring in, with top musicians and fans paying tribute to not just a grand musician but also a great soul. Folk fusion icon Raghu Dixit tweeted: \"RIP. Great father, husband, friend, and musician. Not many could play so many roles so well in a life time.\"Nitin Malik of India's leading rock band Parikrama said: \"What a loss, rest in peace brother. Peace to all your friends and family.\"\"The most amazing and genuine person I've ever met,\" said vocalist Tanya Sen, while Arunima Banerjee of Saturday Night Blues posted on Facebook: \"Another great human being absorbed into the light... We will miss you.\"Skinny Alley's 'Escape the Roar' (2003) was the first English album by an Indian band to be released on a major label ( EMI ). Singh is survived by wife Jayashree, a top jazz singer, and son Jivraj, who has already made his mark as a drummer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17137336", "title": "Plea seeking CBI probe in murder case dismissed", "text": "MADURAI: A writ petition seeking a CBI probe into the incidents that led to the death of nine people due to violence during Thevar Jayanthi celebrations was dismissed by the Madurai bench of the Madras high court, on Wednesday. The PIL was filed by K K Ramesh on behalf of the Centre for Public Interest Litigation. In his petition, Ramesh contended that three persons were murdered by a gang at Velangulam village in Ramanathapuram district on October 30 on the occasion of 105th Thevar Jayanthi. Apart from this, petrol bombs were hurled on a vehicle carrying 20 people at Avaniyapuram in Madurai district when they were on their way to the city.\"The officials failed to prevent such incidents. Hence, the court should order a CBI probe into the violence.The bench told the petitioner that the petition did not have sufficient details to grant the prayer sought by him and asked the petitioner to withdraw the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17138109", "title": "Spurt in sale of jewellery lifts gloom", "text": "SURAT: With the sales of gold and jewellery going up in the last two days owing to pushya nakshatra, the 200-odd jewelers are a happy lot. The sales have lifted the gloom from the jewellery market.Many of the jewellers believe that this year's sales have surpassed that of the last year and people showed particular interest in purchasing gold and silver coins.Pushya nakshatra is an auspicious occasion when almost every household makes some purchases of gold or silver according to its financial capacity. Following the recession in textile and diamond industry which was coupled with strict implementation of model code of conduct (MCC) by the Election Commission , the sales were not expected to be much.\"Market conditions are such that no one expected good business but jewellery market has received a very good response,\" said Tushar Chokshi, president of the Jewelers' Association. An estimated sale of more than Rs 120 crores worth of jewellery and gold has been reported from Surat in the last three days.Ashwin Sharaf, a prominent jeweller, said, \"It is better than expected but we must compare it with the high sales in 2008 when the recession was far more serious. We must not forget that marriage season follows Diwali and these sales are the combined ones for both occasions. Still, we have done better than what was expected in the beginning of the year.\"Another jeweller Nikhil Desai pointed that availability of gold coins weighing 0.5 grams to 100 grams also helped in spurring the sales. \"On such occasions people buy small items like earrings, chains, pendants and coins,\" he said. Sources said that sale of coins has accounted for almost 50 per cent of this year's pushya nakshatra business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17137185", "title": "Date for civic promotions moved to November 9", "text": "NASHIK: The promotion of the employees of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) that was to be declared on Wednesday at NMC headquarters has been postponed to November 9, since three members of the promotion committee were not available.On November 9, the committee will discuss the list of employees that have been made according to seniority of the employees and on the same day, the promotion will be declared.Commenting on the speculations of political pressure, civic chief Sanjay Khandare said, \"I have given a circular to all the employees that the promotion will be done as per the rules. I have been very clear from the beginning that the promotion process will be very transparent,\" said Khandare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17137644", "title": "Suresh Kumar summoned", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangalore Metropolitan Task Force (BMTF) has issued notices to all accused, including law minister S Suresh Kumar ex-cabinet colleague Ess Enn Krishnaiah Setty, and former principal secretary to the chief minister, VP Baligar, in connection with the FIR lodged against them in a land denotification case.The first information report said they were allegedly involved in denotifying land reserved by the Karnataka Slum Clearance Board for building houses for the poor. \"The accused were given different dates to appear before the investigating officer, deputy superintendent of police Pramod Rao. The dates are confidential as investigation is on \" said a BMTF source. The FIR was filed on a complaint by social worker Dinesh Kallahalli on November 3, which said nearly 4 acres and 2 guntas of land was acquired by the slum board in survey No. 19/2 at Laggere in 1998 for building houses. The land acquired belonged to K Gopinath, brother of RSS functionary K Narahari, the complaint said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17136160", "title": "Goa braces itself for cut in charters", "text": "PANAJI: Given the economic crisis in western Europe , Travel and Tourism Association of Goa (TTAG) president Francisco De Braganca said the state is poised for a reduction in charter flights this season.Braganca said, \"Polish, TUI Holland, Fritidscessor, Edeilweiss charter operators have already cancelled or discontinued their flights from this year. Thomas Cook and Arinkomakat have reduced their period of operations to four-five months and Baltic charters are reduced to three months.\" The issue of visa on arrival is also considered one of the reasons for charter flight cancellations from Poland . Inadequate tourism infrastructure is another reason, said Braganca. \"We need better roads, beach management and facilities in the form of golf courses, marinas and convention centres to attract high-end tourists in the state,\" he saidTTAG also demanded that the government take up the issue of visa on arrival with the Centre. Braganca said Kerala is already receiving this facility before Goa although \"we have a large number of foreign tourists\". TTAG also demanded that the government expedite promises to constitute a tourism board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17138084", "title": "Gurgaon e-way buyout in the works: Bhupinder Singh Hooda", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Haryana government is working out details of its ambitious plan to buy out the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway from the private concessionaire as a way to end traffic jams on the toll plaza.In an exclusive interview with TOI, Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda said the state wanted to take control of the expressway but had set itself no deadlines for the buyout. \"I have instructed the chief secretary to work out details in order to go ahead with the proposal. We are keen as thousands of commuters get stuck in jams. Easy connectivity will not only benefi t residents but also industries in both Gurgaon and Manesar,\" he said.The 27-km expressway witnesses traffic snarls during peak hours, particularly at the 32-lane toll plaza. Asked why his government did not react earlier, Hooda said the state's response was not delayed. \"We have been keeping track of ground realities and had taken up the matter with the Union road transport ministry and the highways authority in the past to find a permanent solution to the problem,\" he said.The chief minister said his government had written to Union highways minister C P Joshi in July this year, proposing to make this stretch toll-free.It wants to ease the jams for the benefit of both residents and industries. Commuters shouldn't be made to pay toll twice, both at the entry and exit points of the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway, Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda told TOI on Wednesday.\"In previous meetings, the issue of paying toll both at entry and exit point was discussed. I personally think that is not in the interest for commuters,\" he said.On where the funds for the buyout would come from, Hooda said the state could use the external development charges (EDC) collected from Gurgaon and neighbouring areas.Funds are not a problem. The state government had collected over Rs 11,000 crore as EDC from five districts including Gurgaon, Faridabad and Sonepat. Out of this, about Rs 8,000 crore have already been spent on infrastructure projects like the Metro,\" he said.The CM refused to commit to a date for acquiring the expressway, saying no deadlines has been set. \"Crucial meetings between the state government and the ministry are lined up and these would pave the way for future action,\" said Hooda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17137586", "title": "Poor disaster management exposed once again", "text": "Wednesday's chaos should be an eye-opener for the authorities. CR should have informed passengers about the problem through the public address system, and disaster management agencies should have coordinated and acted swiftly to deploy additional buses. Also, cellular operators should have been roped in to convey information about the rail disruption through SMS. Such measures would have helped people to take efficient commuting decisions, thus preventing traffic jams.Related story : Snag leaves CR reeling from system failure, gives commuters nightmares", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17136833", "title": "JD(S) condemns Nitin Gadkari's statement", "text": "DHARWAD: Remarks by BJP national president Nitin Gadkari regarding the IQ of Swami Vivekananda and underworld don Dawood Ibrahim drew protests from various quarters in Dharwad.Members of the district unit of Janata Dal (Secular) organized a rally on Wednesday, condemning Gadkari drawing parallels with Swami Vivekananda and Dawood. The JD(S) members gathered at the Vivekananda Circle here, held demonstrations and burnt the effigy of Gadkari. They demanded the BJP national president to resign from his post of and tender unconditional apology to the nation.Addressing the gathering JD(S) leader, N H Konareddi said people like Gadkari had no right to make such derogatory comments. \"It is sad that the BJP national president made such remarks at a time when the nation is celebrating the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda,\" he said.Other JD(S) leaders including Sridhar Panjikar, Suresh Hiremath, Raghavendra Sondur and others condemned Gadkari's statements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17135524", "title": "Extend e-meter update deadline to December 31: Unions", "text": "Auto and taxi unions have demanded that the deadline for installing electronic meters and recalibrating them be extended from November 25 to December 31. But RTO officials are firm in their stand that all meters should be updated by month-end.\"There is a shortage of e-meters. We need to replace all the 10,000-odd mechanical meters, but the gadgets are not available. It will not be possible to recalibrate all meters by November 25,\" said taxi union leader A L Quadros, who has asked the transport department to extend the deadline by over a month, preferably December 31. An auto union leader said, \"The pace at which the work is being done, it will not be possible to meet the deadline.\" Nearly 21,000 autos and 11,000 taxis have installed updated e-meters. The city has 1 lakh autos and 44,000 taxis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17137136", "title": "Doctors on call during this Diwali", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This Diwali, people who fall ill will not only have doctors on call, but facilities like pathology laboratory for blood tests, ECG and radiology clinics will also be kept open to ensure that patients do not suffer due to the Diwali holiday break that is spread over five long days.Doctors in the city have announced that they will continue their social initiative of 'Doctor on Call' during Diwali. The initiative has been implemented by Ahmedabad Family Physician Association along with the support of Ahmedabad Medical Association (AMA) and Indian Medical Association.\"The idea behind this initiative is to make people feel secure about their health during holidays. Minor aliments confine patients to their home and spoil their Diwali.This year, the movement gains momentum as malaria and dengue outbreak is at its peak\", said AMA president Dr Pragnesh Vachhrajani.There will be a central helpline number which any body can call to get assistance and find out doctors closest to their area. \"A list of family physicians who will remain present in the city during Diwali holidays has also been made public,\" said Dr Vachhrajani.This year, the service network has been expanded with pathology labs, radiology clinics and ECG services. \"Details about the 'Doctor on Call' initiative can be downloaded from the website www.ahmedabadmedicalassociation.com and facebook page of Ahmedabad Medical Association. The patients can even post minor ailments' queries on the page and get solutions for the same,\" he added.The city has been divided into five zones and there will be a coordinator for each area. The coordinators will look after their areas and will have a list of available facilities for that area.A central helpline will offer assistance to callers and give details of doctors on duty closest to their area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "17136605", "title": "Honorarium denied to doctors for four years", "text": "ARA: Resentment prevails among private doctors associated with different constituent colleges under Veer Kuer Singh University (VKSU) following non-payment of their honorarium for the last four years.Veer Kuer Singh University has at least 17 constituent colleges in four districts such as Bhojpur, Rohtas, Buxar and Kaimur and private doctors were appointed in each and every college on an honorarium of Rs 1,500 per month but they have not been paid their remuneration for the last four years. They have written to the university administration and the principals of their respective colleges several times but to no avail.Dr Madhukar Prakash, Dr Bijay Kumar Singh, Dr Veena Singh, Dr R K Pandey and others said they had rendered their services to the students, teachers and employees of the colleges free of cost and had given medicines too and still giving medical assistance to them but were not getting their remuneration. Dr Bijay Kumar Singh said he had raised the issue at the two meetings of the Senate of the university and the vice-chancellor had assured to release their remuneration at the earliest but even after lapse of eight months, it has not been paid. Surprisingly, he said, the Syndicate of the university too had earlier recommended for payment of their remuneration without further delay.Dr Singh said he had sought details of collection from the students in the name of medical facility and their use under the Right to Information Act, but the university administration had not provided the details so far.Ajay Kumar Tiwari, an ex-Senator, VKSU, claimed the colleges and VKSU realises at least Rs 10 per student at the time of admission for providing them medical facility and about Rs 6 lakh was being collected per annum from the students but neither the doctors were given their remuneration nor medicines were provided to the needy.He said the CAG had said that Rs 75 lakh collected from the students for their welfare had been diverted to pay the salary to the teachers. VKSU vice chancellor Dr Kumaresh Prasad Singh said he had asked the principal of Maharaja College to pay remuneration and if he did not pay, what can he do?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "17136136", "title": "Bicholim market vendors stage rally", "text": "BICHOLIM: Tension gripped Bicholim market area on Wednesday when 150 vegetable vendors, many of them from other states, marched to the Bicholim municipal council (BMC) building after the council authorities removed tarpaulin and plastic covers erected by the vendors.During the monsoon season these vendors used to cover their items with such plastic or tarpaulin covers in order to protect the same from the rains. After the monsoon was over, the BMC authorities had intimated to the vendors not to erect tarpaulin or plastic covers and most of the vendors were allotted umbrellas by the BMC authorities to cover their goods.In spite of this, the vendors, who are mostly outsiders and come once a week, refused to follow the BMC instructions. They erected the tarpaulin covers and started selling their vegetables and other items on Wednesday. Later, BMC authorities took strict action and removed the tarpaulin sheets. Following this action the vendors marched to BMC office after suspending their businesses.Wednesday being the market day, the place was full with vegetables and other items for sale. There were a large number of non-Goan vegetable vendors who especially come on Wednesdays to sell their vegetable produce on space allotted to them by BMC on sopo basis.Later, a special meeting to discuss this issue was convened at BMC which was chaired by BMC chairperson Anisha Vernekar and attended by deputy chairperson Narayan Betkikar, chief officer Varsha Mandrekar and other councillors.\"Hence forth we will not tolerate any violation of law like using plastic bags, dumping garbage in the middle of the market and other matters relating to town cleanliness,\" said deputy chairperson Narayan Betkikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17137261", "title": "60-year-old woman injured in fan fall at Jeypore hospital", "text": "KORAPUT: A 60-year-old woman had a narrow escape after a ceiling fan came crashing down at a ward of Jeypore sub-divisional hospital on Tuesday night. Witnesses said the woman, Tulsa Soura, was injured on the face after one of the fan blades grazed her.The incident took place around 8.30 pm when the ceiling fan, which was running at maximum speed, fell down near Soura, who was attending to a patient, Damador Soura of Souraguda village, at the general ward on the first floor of the Jeypore hospital.\"Luckily, the fan fell between two beds and neither any patient nor the attendant was hit by hit directly. Otherwise a major mishap would have happened,\" said a relative of the Damodar.The incident triggered panic in the entire ward and other patients turned off their fans.\"The fans were fixed several years ago, and run without any maintenance. Most of them make unusual sounds while rotating. As a fan fell down, we preferred to turn off all the other fans,\" said an attendant of another patient at the hospital.Hospital officials said that the fans were recently examined by electricians and an inquiry will be done to find out how the fan fell down.Koraput chief district medical officer Pramod Kumar Mohanty said, \"The fan fell down as a crack developed on the rod which holds it. As we don't want to take a chance, the general electrical division has been informed to examine all the fans at the hospital and the work has already begun.\"In a similar incident in August, a woman undergoing treatment at Acharya Harihar Regional Cancer Centre ( AHRCC) was injured when a ceiling fan had come crashing down on her bed. The victim, Renubala Behera (40), had sustained minor head injuries. \"Luckily, the ceiling fan was not working, otherwise the damage would have been much more. The fan fell near her head and she has sustained minor injuries,\" said a relative of the patient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17136797", "title": "Police help identify hawking zones", "text": "HUBLI: Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation and the police department conducted a joint survey to establish hawking and non-hawking zones in the city. The survey was done as per the direction of the high court. It began on Tuesday evening and went on till late night.The survey report will be submitted to a single bench judge of the HC on Thursday.According to sources, based on the Supreme Court guidelines, the HDMC authorities had marked hawking and non-hawking zones to avoid congestion and traffic snarls in the city in 2008.HDMC had identified 22 ideal places in Hubli and Dharwad for creating hawking zones -- 15 places including Unkal weekly market place, Koli peth, Ravi nagar of Gokul road, Akki peth in Hubli, and seven places including Subhash road, Tikre roads, Gandhichowk and other areas in Dharwad.But, Hotel Owners Association, Hubli, had filed writ petition in the circuit bench against HDMC alleging that most of the vendors were not doing their business in the specified zones and that they extended their business to non-hawking zones, which was not only affecting the pedestrians using footpaths but also causing a loss to other business establishments.Taking a serious note of the petition, the circuit bench had directed the HDMC to re-conduct the survey of already identified 22 hawking zones to ensure whether they are ideal places. In response to the fresh order, HDMC and the police department conducted the joint survey of hawking zones on Tuesday.The Supreme Court has laid down 24 important guidelines for creating hawking zones -- the place should not be closer to the bus terminus, railway stations and temples, and it should be minimum 100 metres away from these areas. Hawkers should not create hurdles for pedestrians on the footpaths. Every hawker should be provided 1/1metre area for his shop.Speaking to TOI, YS Patil, commissioner, HDMC, said it is a challenging job for the HDMC to create hawking zones.\"So we have taken police help. Soon we will submit a survey report to the court,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17138062", "title": "Power-sharing pact a tool to loot Jharkhand, says Marandi", "text": "BOKARO: Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (P) president Babulal Marandi on Wednesday described the reported 28-month power sharing deal between the ruling allies as nothing but an arrangement to commit \"loot\" one after another.Marandi along with other party leaders took part in a programme at Swang area of Gomia constituency here which witnessed a crowd of over thousand party workers. \"The 28 months' power sharing deal is a pact to commit loot one after another. First the BJP has done it and now the JMM is clamouring for its chance. It is a government dipped in corruption,\" the former chief minister said.The JVM leader also said as the BJP was looting the state, the Congress was doing the same at the Centre. \"We should take a pledge to save our country by removing these parties. You can see that even after the coalgate scam, no proper action is being taken against the big shots involved in it\".He announced that the JVM-P would fight the coming assembly and parliamentary elections in all 81 and 14 seats respectively. Marandi asked party workers to start preparing for elections with a commitment to remove the political parties which had cheated the people residents and make JVM candidates win.Commenting on the chief minister's Johar Yatra, Marandi said it was his \"Vidai Yatra\" (farewell tour).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17136724", "title": "CBI gets notice on cops' plea for narco test in Satish Shetty murder case", "text": "PUNE: The district and sessions court here on Tuesday issued a notice to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to reply to the plea filed by four policemen, including a retired inspector expressing their willingness to conduct \"live\" %narco analysis test in the %murder case of RTI activist Satish Shetty.The court has directed %the CBI to file its reply by %November 20.The policemen include retired inspector Bhausaheb Andhalkar, head constable Ramesh Nale and assistant police inspector Namdeo Kauthale, posted with the Pune rural police and retired constable Kailash Labade.The CBI had earlier conducted polygraph tests on Andhalkar, suspects, accused and witnesses for getting leads in the case.A CBI official said they have not yet received notice from the court.Andhalkar said he and others have also consented to a \"live\" narco analysis test.Andhalkar told reporters: \"we have requested the CBI to ask them five questions - whether he has committed Shetty's murder, whether he has arranged the assailants, whether he has concealed information about any other suspect other than the arrested suspect, whether he has collected blood money (supari) from a infrastructure company for committing the murder of Shetty and whether he had collected bribe from the said company for diverting the line of investigations.\"Andhalkar said the CBI was free to ask them any other questions pertaining to the case, if it decides to subject us to a narco analysis test.The retired inspector, who is into politics, has claimed that the policemen filing the plea were innocent and that they all have cooperated with the investigating officer %whenever they were called for interrogation.\"We have arrested the suspects in Shetty's case. If they are not the real suspects, then who has killed Shetty. The truth should come out before the public, whether the probe conducted by the Pune rural police is right or wrong\", %he asked.Asked why other policemen, whose ploygraph test were conducted by the CBI, have not given their consent for a narco test, he said the policemen, who were posted at various places, will soon join him to conduct the test.Asked why policemen were demanding to conduct \"live\" narco analysis test, Andhalkar cited an instance of Telgi, whose narco test was shown \"live\" to bring real facts of Shetty's case before the public and media so as to clear misconceptions about their alleged involvement in the case.On searches conducted at the residences of several policemen, he replied that the CBI has seized documents and a bullet from the residence of one of the police officials. Shetty, who invoked the RTI Act for unearthing land scams in Pune district, was murdered near his residence at Talegaon Dabhade on January 13, 2010. The Pune rural police had filed chargesheet against criminal lawyer Vijay Dabhade, Pramod Waghmare, Navnath Shelar, Dongrya alias Hanumant Rathod and Shyam Dabhade.The sixth suspect, Parshuram Telgu, was discharged from the murder case under section 169 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC). The CBI had taken over the probe following an order from the Bombay high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17136996", "title": "Hair\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s the 7th record, now from 63-year-old Dewas man", "text": "INDORE: Continuing with the efforts to make 11 world records in 11 days to highlight Madhya Pradesh on international map, yet another claim was made for a world record on Wednesday, the seventh day. Gangaram Malviya presented his claim for having longest moustache and beard.63-year-old Malvia is a resident of Tonkkhurd, Dewas. He has been growing his moustache and beard for 13 years now. On Thursday, while visiting the city and attempting the challenge for having the longest beard and moustache combined, it was found that he has 7 feet 3 inches (87 inches) long hair.Manish Vishnoei, convener, Miracle of One, an initiative of SRV Sewa said, \"As Malviya's moustache and beard hair had combine length of 87 inches, he claimed for world record for the title of having longest moustache and beard. The claim has been presented to Golden Book of World Records, India Book of Records and Limca Book of Records.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17135715", "title": "Best B-schools come together in national convention in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: The best and the brightest from the B-school circuit of the country participated in the national management convention, which concluded recently at Gurgaon's Management Development Institute (MDI). This was the 16th edition of the three-day event, named Delphique 2012, a student initiative through and through.Students from institutes like the IIM Lucknow and the National Institute of Industrial Engineering, Mumbai, were involved in the various activities and panel discussions organized here. \"This event is organized in its entirety by the students of MDI every year. It is a convention which focuses on management activities applicable to their areas of %study,\"said one of the organizers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17136962", "title": "Nilam dampens their Diwali business", "text": "MANGALORE: They brighten the Diwali celebrations of thousands with their traditional handmade hanathe (earthen lamps). However, unexpected rain under the influence of cyclone Nilam for the past few days has hit the business of these eight families residing near Urwa Marigudi Temple here, who has been engaged in the profession for years.With only a few days to go to the festival of lights, they lament the fact that they could not make enough number of lamps to meet the demand.\"Earlier, each family member used to make about 500 lamps a day. This year we could not make even 75. Because of the untimely rain, we are not able to dry our lamps,\" said Kallyani, one of the family members.The families have been engaged in the profession for centuries. However, at present the number of family members engaged in the profession is below 10.\"During Diwali the demand for traditional lamps increases. Family members begin making lamps soon after Dasara. This year, the rain that followed Dasara has hit our business,\" she added.Another family member said that shortage of clay also hindered the work. Women in the families make lamps using hands without the help of machines. Hay, clay, coconut shells, red mud and wood are used to prepare the mould.\"Lamps are sold to wholesalers from various places in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts,\" she added.The family members regret that they lack space in their houses to increase their business prospects. They also do not have the support of the government and hope that the state government would introduce scheme benefits for those who are engaged in traditional lamp making soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135312", "title": "Sheila Dikshit puts haze onus on errant neighbours", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the capital's skyline disappearing under the thick smog cover leaving many breathless under the weight of the pollutant-laden air, Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit made it out to be the result of mass burning of straw by farmers in neighboring Punjab, UP and Haryana. In-charge of the environment portfolio, Dikshit maintained that the smog was not because of vehicular pollution.On Tuesday, the Supreme Court had expressed concern over the rising pollution and smog in the capital and decided to deal with it. \"We are concerned with the level of smog in the city. Everyday we are hearing about the rising level of pollution in the city. We will deal with the matter,\" a bench headed by Chief Justice Altamas Kabir observed.The smog emerged as a major cause of concern at the Delhi cabinet meeting on Wednesday. But Dikshit put the onus on neighboring states. \"The haze has not been formed because of vehicular pollution in Delhi. Experts have found out that burning of paddy straw in Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Haryana has triggered it as the smoke has found its way to the National Capital Territory,\" Dikshit said.The CM said her government will soon write to the Union environment ministry to impress upon the two states not to allow their farmers to resort to mass burning of their paddy stubbles. Apprehending further drop in air quality, Dikshit, appealed to the citizens not to burst firecrackers while celebrating Diwali next week.Dikshit will also write to her Haryana and Punjab counterparts seeking immediate intervention. \"We will also write to Union urban development ministry to take up the issue with the two states as they are members of the National Capital Region Planning Board,\" Dikshit said.The CM reiterated that there is no increase in pollution load from sources of air emission in Delhi as compared to previous years. \"Delhi has stringent air pollution norms. Further, with improvement in the power situation, the emission from the DG sets is also under control; hence there does not appear to be any immediate contributing factors from Delhi due to which air quality here has deteriorated. There are no polluting industries in the capital as these have been moved to the NCR,\" Dikshit argued.Meanwhile, the environment department has decided to get a comprehensive source appointment study done by IIT Kanpur on various air pollutants and measures to improve quality of air. The cabinet directed the environment department to take up the matter with the Union ministry of environment &amp; forest and the NCR Planning Board to commission a study to seek out the sources of pollution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "17136769", "title": "Children's film festival from November 10", "text": "KARWAR: The Uttara Kannada district administration will hold a children's film festival from November 10 to 15. It is jointly organized by the Karnataka education, cultural and children's film foundation of Chikaballapur and the Uttara Kannada district administration.The decision was taken at a meting conducted by Vijaya Mahantesh, additional deputy commissioner on Wednesday. The films will be screened from 8 am to 10 am in 10 theatres in the district. Students of higher primary schools and high schools can watch the movies. Rs. 10 will be charged per student. The movies will be screened at Arjun and Geetanjali theaters in Karwar, Samarth in Ankola, Chittaranjan in Kumta, Padmanjali in Honnavar, Lakshmi in Sirsi and Hari theatre in Dandeli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17137129", "title": "JEE test mandatory, says Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) has officially declared that the Joint Entrance Exam (JEE) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a common entrance test for admission to engineering colleges across India \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was mandatory for the state's students. The board has also announced the process and last dates for the JEE, which will be conducted nationally on April 7, 2013.Chairman of GSHSEB R R Varsani said that the JEE would be mandatory for Gujarat Technological University (GTU) and other universities to consider while offering admissions. The weightage of marks scored in maths, physics, and chemistry papers in board exams will be 50%. The JEE score will account for the other 50%.Varsani said that students will have to fill JEE forms online; the last date for doing so is December 15.Students will have to send their computer-generated registration report by December 26, and will have the option to appear for the exam either online or offline. The exam will be administered in Gujarati, Hindi, and English.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17136389", "title": "MP K Sudhakaran\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s driver arrested in cheating case", "text": "KANNUR: Amidst the tug of war between police and Kannur MP K Sudhakaran, Thalassery police have arrested his driver on Wednesday in connection with a cheating case dating back to 2005.According to police, the arrest of Sudhakaran's driver A K Vinodkumar (40) was based on a court warrant after he absconded in a case of using fake numberplate on his car, which was discovered by the police during a routine check in 2005.Police said Vinodkumar changed the numberplate to escape from the private finance company that gave him loan for purchasing the vehicle, and when the fraud was discovered a case was registered against him and he was arrested.However, after getting bail in the case he absconded and did not appear in the court for the case.Though police claims that he was absconding and he was arrested from his house at Nadal near Kannur by principal sub inspector Biju John Lukose in the wee hours of Wednesday based on a tip off, sources said that Vinod has been working with Sudhakaran for quite some time and the police knew this but did not arrest him. Moreover, he was not working with Sudhakaran when he allegedly used the fake numberplate to deceive the financing company.Police produced Vinod Kumar before the Thalassery JFCM, which remanded him for 14 days at Thalassery sub jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17138046", "title": "A day of golf and relaxation for England's cricketers", "text": "With all the travelling and the two warm-up games having kept them very busy, Wednesday was an off day for England's cricketers.They decided to take things easy on the eve of their warm-up game against Haryana, and eight of the players headed to the Kensville Golf and Country Club , situated 40km away from Ahmedabad, for a round of golf.They played all 18 holes in three groups. Ian Bell , Jonathan Trott and Eoin Morgan were in one group, James Anderson , Tim Bresnan and Graham Onions in the next and Joe Root, Jonny Bairstow and a member from the support staff in the third.The atmosphere was quite relaxed and Trott was even seen aiming for the fans as they stood on the rough waiting for the Englishman to tee off.Only Bell's mind seemed to be someplace else and he even lost a couple of balls in the woods. Probably he was thinking about the paternity leave he has taken. Heat certainly was an issue with the visitors and Bairstow was seen asking for the halfway house after the fourth hole on the front nine.Another group of players - Kevin Pietersen , Monty Panesar, Samit Patel and Stuart Meaker - went to the Motera for an optional one-and-half hour practice session. It was interesting that the quartet asked for spin from the net bowlers, with three left-arm orthodox spinners, one leg-spinner, one off-spinner and just one seamer being provided.One of the net bowlers giggled and said: \"KP hit some out of the ground but they were also beaten on the forward stroke many times.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17137000", "title": "Killer hiding in juvenile home since 2011 arrested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A murder accused was found \"hiding\" in the remand home for juvenile delinquents at Khanpur. The accused had lied about his age and said that he is a minor when he had surrendered before the Naroda police in 2011.On Wednesday, after the Naroda police had successfully ascertained that the accused had hoodwinked the law enforcers with the help of a fake birth certificate, the 22-year-old accused, Chirag Mathur, was shifted to Sabarmati Central Jail.On July 25, 2011, Chirag had fought with his friend and neighbour at Kevdaji ni Chali in Naroda, Dipak Ramani, over a personal dispute. Matters came to a pass when Chirag along with this brother and father attacked Dipak and thrashed him to death with sticks.While his father and brother were arrested soon after the incident, Chirag had gone absconding. On November 12, 2011, Chirag surrendered before the Naroda police. He had then said that he was a minor - a 17-year-old. \"Chirag had lied that he was born in 1994. He had also produced a birth certificate issued from a government school of Etawah, Uttar Pradesh. Due to his wiry and short built, we couldn't ascertain that he was lying,\" said a Naroda police official.Police had then handed over Chirag's custody to the juvenile home and legal procedures against the 'teen' began under the Juvenile Justice Act - which is significantly less stringent than the punitive measures of the IPC.A sudden break-through came during one of the hearings in this case. When the juvenile justice court was recording the statement of Dipak's father, he said that his son and Chirag used to study together in college. Government pleader V V Parmar got suspicious over this statement because if the deceased was 22 years of age then how could Chirag be 17. The lawyer then approached the president of Juvenile Justice Board T S Brahmbhatt and drew his attention to the matter. The board ordered Naroda police to verify the birth certificate of Chirag.A team of Naroda police went to Itawa and cross checked with the school that was mentioned in the document. \"The school authorities said that they had not issued any such certificate for any body called Chirag. This proved that the birth certificate was fake,\" said a Naroda police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17136684", "title": "Same people involved in fake visa racket in Gujarat", "text": "PUNE: Investigations have revealed that the gang, who had duped jewellers in Pune and Jaipur, had also duped around 33 people from Ahmedabad, who wanted to go to America.Inspector Sunil Pawar told TOI that in January, gang members Sahil Morzaria, Kisan Gokani and Zarine Memon had formed a fake company in the name of Shriram Associates in Ahmedabad. The three had introduced themselves as Ashwin Patel, Nidhi Patel and Kalpesh Bhat and had promised people from Ahmedabad to get them work permit visas in America, Canada Australia and New Zealand. \"They had collected Rs 1 lakh to Rs 4 lakh as their charges from 33 people from Ahmedabad,\" Pawar said.Pawar said the suspects prepared fake visas using scanning machines. \"They collected about Rs 45 lakh from Ahmedabad and left the city,\" Pawar said. The gang used the money in Pune to rent a row %house and also to purchase gold from the jewellers, %Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17137770", "title": "Mobile solutions way forward for India", "text": "BANGALORE: Mobility is India's biggest opportunity, say some of those who have invested in the business and who are looking closely at the software product startup environment in India.\"It's the elephant in the room if you think of 2 billion smartphones out there and 6 billion people who will have smartphones in the coming years,\" said Ram Shriram , founder of US-based Sherpalo Ventures and an early investor in Google. Every human being, he said, would have a phone \"whether they have a toilet or not\" . Shriram was speaking through a video link from the US to the massive audience at the Nasscom Product Conclave that began here on Wednesday.Naveen Tewari, CEO of Bangalore-based In-Mobi , echoed that sentiment. InMobi is the world's second-largest mobile ad network after Google's AdMob. It shows a trillion ads a year and impacts 2 billion transactions. \"We've just scratched the surface,\" he says. He believes that over the next decade or so, India could have 10-15 software product companies with a billion dollars in revenues.Shriram said a whole new generation of apps was being built with a whole new set of technologies. \"Most of them are open source technologies, and it's important that Indians re-educate themselves, re-skill themselves in those technologies if they want to be contenders on the global stage.This means knowing how to build cloud applications that scale, knowing Ruby on Rails, knowing Python and a lot of the new programming languages ,\" he said. India is beginning to transform from the people-intensive information technology services business to creating software assets.The excitement was visible at the Nasscom event, which this year had 1,300 registrations and is now the industry's body's second biggest annual event. Labour arbitrage as a value proposition has lost traction, said Sharad Sharma, entrepreneur-in-residence in venture capital firm Canaan Partners.\"When you look at India 15 years from now, it will be the product industry that will lift the country out of poverty. Small businesses will be transformed using a product model and not a system integrator model,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17136142", "title": "Govt cuts VAT on textiles; traders rue timing", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Wednesday issued an ordinance reducing Value Added Tax (VAT) on textile goods from 5% to 1% although the reprieve is being seen as having come a bit late what with it having been cleared in principle as far back as in April of this year. In the interim, traders have had to suffer harassment from the corrupt officialdom.While the traders blamed chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy, who holds the commercial tax portfolio, for the inordinate delay, his office (CMO) is sitting on similar issues such as tax waiver on pulses and reduction of VAT on plastic furniture.\"The chief minister has not been able to take out time and therefore the file is stuck at the CMO even though an in-principle nod has come from the departments of revenue and finance.\"As a result, corrupt officials are harassing the traders to make a fast buck,\" said Nitin Parekh, a commercial tax expert. Acknowledging the textile traders' argument that it was unfair to tax textile goods in Andhra Pradesh when they were exempted from the VAT in other states, the CM had agreed to reduce the tax burden on them on April 20 with the move designated to take retrospective effect from April 1. But his verbal orders had no effect on officials and the ordinance to the effect was not promulgated.\"The harassment was unbearable. The ordeal faced by the traders was a double whammy \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the customers were not willing to pay the 5% tax and the officials insisted on collecting it. There was no other go for them but to bribe the officials.\"The delay in the ordinance was unfortunate; but I am happy that it has at last come into effect,\" said A Prakash, president of the AP Federation of Textile Associations.Traders of plastic furnitures and pulses are facing a similar situation. The CM had in August agreed to reduce the VAT on plastic furniture from 14.5% to 5%, and issued verbal instructions for the same.But the change did not come in force as the GO (government order) has still not been issued. Here, too, the file is stuck in the CMO.The reduction of tax on plastic furniture is significant as the higher rates in the state is leading to trade diversion to neighbouring states where, with the exception of Tamil Nadu where it is 5%, no tax is levied on these goods.Calls for tax exemption on foodgrains and pulses are being made on the similar plea that these goods were tax-free in all states but AP.While the traders agree that the CM is sympathetic to the argument, they complain that the files were gathering dust in his office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17135616", "title": "Khadi minister objects to transfers &amp; postings", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a letter sent to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav by minister of state for khadi and village industries Riyaz Ahmed has objected to transfer and posting of officers in his ministry and demanded a high-level probe into the issue claiming he smells foul play.What actually added to the crisis was the letter being sent to the chief minister without the cabinet minister for khadi and village industries Rajaram Pandey being taken into confidence by the subordinate minister. Ahmed claimed there were irregularities in transfer and posting of officers which was not in the interest of the Samajwadi Party (SP) government and its stance against corruption in the state.Meanwhile, the cabinet minister Rajaram Pandey feigned ignorance about any letter sent to the chief minister regarding transfer and posting of officers by his minister of state. When provided with the details of the letter, Pandey said officers mentioned in the letter have not been transferred till date and dismissed the information as unauthentic.It may be mentioned here that Ahmed has been at loggerheads with Pandey since the latter mobilised the appointment of Natwar Goel, a builder, as vice-chairman of the khadi and village industries welfare board on May 2 without taking the minister of state into confidence. Ahmed had then stated that he came to know about the appointment through media.Goel hit the headlines on October 24, when he was sacked from his post by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav for assaulting a photo journalist in Lucknow. Earlier, Goel's appointment was marred with controversy following revelations that Rajaram Pandey got him the post of vice chairman of the khadi and village industries welfare board directly through SP national president Mulayam Singh Yadav without taking even the chief minister into confidence despite the fact that the chief minister happens to be the chairman of the khadi and village industries welfare board by virtue of his post as head of the state.Ahmed had earlier raised objections to transfer and posting of a number of officials in the department claiming the reshuffling was based on whims and fancies of a handful of people, throwing all norms to the winds.He was, however, silenced by the powers that be on the issue on grounds that he must voice his concerns within the party and not before the media.Ahmed has finally written a letter to the CM on grounds that it was necessary for him to keep the head of the state informed about the happenings within the department. Known as an upright and straightforward veteran MLA, Ahmed was of the view that the government must probe the recent transfers in the department and set the records straight else disparities would bring bad name to the government once they come out in the open at a later stage.Asked who according to him was behind the objectionable transfers and postings, Ahmed said: \"Transfers are the prerogative of a particular authority in the department. It is for him to explain the gross anomalies that have come to the fore in the reshuffling of officers from one post to another.\" Cabinet minister for the department Rajaram Pandey, however, denied any such anomalies had been committed in reshuffling of officials as pointed out by his subordinate minister of state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17137380", "title": "Saturday night-out: Women\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s preparations start on Wednesday", "text": "LONDON: Women may take just a few hours before an outing, but it turns out, they take longer to plan their Saturday night out. A new study has revealed that the fairer sex start preparing for their weekend by Wednesday afternoon \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 1.35pm, to be exact.The incredible amount of deliberation and discussion over which outfit, shoes and accessories to wear emerged amid a study of 2,000 women. Such precision and planning typically requires over 10 text messages, three emails, five phone calls, eight posts on Facebook and three tweets, the Daily Mail said.And nearly two hours is spent online researching outfits, venues and even the weather, a poll has revealed.A spokesman for New Look, who commissioned the study after noticing a general uplift in sales of 'going out' clothes from Tuesday onwards, said, \"It's only natural that young women look forward to their weekends and plan nights out with military precision.\"It's not until 8.23pm that the group of girls are ready to leave for their night out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17136339", "title": "SFI wants Calicut varsity VC expelled", "text": "KOZHIKODE: SFI has alleged that chief minister Oommen Chandy and education minister Abdu Rabb are creating opportunities for Calicut University vice-chancellor M Abdul Salam and the Congress and IUML leaders to plunder crores of rupees.Addressing a news conference here on Wednesday, SFI state president Shijukhan said the organization would launch agitation demanding the expulsion of the vice-chancellor against whom there exist number of serious charges.The SFI leader said entrusting private agencies with the works of examination section of the university would demolish the credibility of the examinations.Shijukhan resented the move from the government to acquire the land of the Thunjan Memorial College for the Malayalam University. He said the government should find an alternative land for the university.SFI will launch agitations in November and December raising various issues concerning the issues in the education sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17136655", "title": "Leopard rescued after 7-hour drama", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: High drama was witnessed in Arjuni village, located on the border of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR), where a leopard intruded into the settlement and took shelter in a cattle shed on Tuesday night.Hundreds of villagers surrounded the place overnight as forest officers captured the traumatized leopard after a seven-hour-long rescue operation. A forest guard sustained a minor injury during the rescue exercise.People strolling out around 9pm first noticed that a leopard had climbed up into the attic of the cattle shed of village sarpanch Sudhir Nannaware and raised an alarm. Nannaware himself peeped inside the cattle shed to confirmed the leopard's presence. He informed the local forest guard, who in turn intimated senior officers.\"There was a gap in the window from where the leopard climbed inside. As alarmed villagers had surrounded Nannaware's place, it got trapped,\" said deputy director, TATR (Core), Sujay Dodal.Forest guard Bode injured in rescue actThe forest department had a tough time rescuing a leopard trapped from the cattle shed of Arjuni sarpanch Sudhir Nannaware. A rescue team was rushed to the Arjuni village after local guard intimated senior TATR officers.A team led by tranquillizing expert DFO Girish Vashistha reached the place by Tuesday midnight. A cage was also brought from Moharli in buffer zone.Meanwhile, the beast pawed forest guard Gajanan Bode as he prevented it from escaping in the open , officials said.\"The guard placed a wooden sheet on the gap in the cattle shed roof from where the leopard had entered the attic. Bode sat on the sheet to prevent the leopard from escaping. Leopard clawed him on the hand through the gap, but he did not budge. He will be awarded for his bravery through TATR tiger foundation,\" said field director and TATR CCF Virendra Tiwari, who supervised the rescue operation. \"DFO Vasistha tranquillized the beast, while cops and forest staffers kept the crowd away. They waited for some time, while tranquillizer shot took effect. The sedated leopard was put into a cage and moved to Tadoba range of TATR during early hours of Wednesday,\" said deputy director, TATR (Core), Sujay Dodal.Tiwari claimed that the leopard was an adult male aged over five years. Veterinary doctor PD Kadukar was summoned to Tadoba for physical examination of leopard, that had regained consciousness by afternoon. Foresters later released the beast back in jungle after the vet deemed it fit for release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135637", "title": "Land compensation boost for new airport", "text": "MUMBAI: The development of the Navi Mumbai airport got a much-needed boost on Wednesday after the state cabinet decided to give 250 hectares of land to create forest and mangrove belts to compensate for the acquisition of mangroves for the construction of the airport. These 250 hectares are spread over parts of Raigad district.Now that state approval has been given for the land, the Union forest ministry's approval is awaited. A proposal has been forwarded to the ministry for its consent.Forest minister Patangrao Kadam said, \"This is a landmark decision. Land and NOC for the second airport has been granted by the state.\"In July, the Centre had assured CM Prithviraj Chavan that it would expedite the sanctions process for the airport. The Centre in 2007 had given in-principle approval for the Navi Mumbai airport.The city's second airport was supposed to be functional from 2015, but is way behind schedule for a host of reasons. The project is crucial as the Mumbai airport is now saturated and airport officials are struggling to handle the huge amount of traffic that the city sees each day. Government officials said nearly 1,160 hectares of land are required for the airport.The state cabinet has also decided to give 58 hectares of land for the Delhi-Mumbai industrial corridor, which aims at creating industrial infrastructure along the Delhi-Mumbai rail freight route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17137168", "title": "Regional Transport Office agents stir, allege graft", "text": "NASHIK: Claiming that they are the agents of vehicle owners and not of the Regional Transport Office (RTO), over 100 agents staged an agitation at the RTO office on Wednesday.Accusing the Regional Transport Officer of corruption, the RTO agents' wing of the Jan Hakka Sangathan said that apart from large scale corruption,there were no basic facilities provided to them at the RTO. President of the organization, Tejinder Bindra claimed that nearly 99% of the revenue earned by the TO gets is sourced through agents as they work on behalf of vehicle owners.\"We are protesting against the RTO's style of functioning, including their delay in issuing registration certificate (RC) smart cards and driving licences. The latter are expected within seven to 10 days, but the RTO takes almost over a month to deliver them. Apart from this there is no drinking water, washroom facility for over 150 agents, who are working at the office continuously despite being authorized by motor vehicle owners,\" claimed Bindra.RTO official Chandrakant Kharatmal said that despite the stir, there was hardly any drop in their revenue collection and the office operated even better than it usually works. Officials said since the agents were not around, vehicle owners got a first-hand experience on how their time and money is saved in the absence of agents around the office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17137388", "title": "Walk briskly for 75 minutes a week, add 1.8 yrs to life", "text": "WASHINGTON: Just 75 minutes of brisk walking every week can add up to 1.8 years to your life, a new study has claimed. Researchers from Brigham and Women's Hospital (BWH), in collaboration with the National Cancer Institute have quantified how many years of life are gained by being physically active at different levels, among all individuals as well as among various groups with different body mass index (BMI).\"We found that adding low amounts of physical activity to one's daily routine, such as 75 minutes of brisk walking per week, was associated with increased longevity: a gain of 1.8 years of life expectancy after age 40, compared with doing no such activity,\" explained IMin Lee, study author.\"Physical activity above this minimal level was associated with additional gains in longevity. For example, walking briskly for at least 450 minutes a week was associated with a gain of 4.5 years,\" Lee said. \"Physical activity was also associated with greater longevity in all BMI groups: those normal weight, overweight, and obese,\" Lee added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17137541", "title": "They need that special touch", "text": "BANGALORE: The accident in which a 10-year-old special child was injured at a Malleswaram school has brought under focus the safety of children with special needs in schools and caretaker institutions. The absence of guidelines and agencies to monitor the children renders them vulnerable.The only time schools catering to special children come in touch with government agencies is when they require permission to start the school. In the absence of stipulated procedures and safety measures, what is practised is only what has evolved over time. Organizations dedicated to special children and equipped with the required expertise, like the Spastics Society of Karnataka, are rarely consulted.\"The thumb rule in caring for children with special needs is constant attention. There should be someone monitoring them, assisting them in the play arena and checking the equipment they are using. Unlike a general school where a class teacher takes care of students, children with special needs need a class teacher, teaching assistant and trained staff,\" said Kairali Nair, principal, Spastics Society of Karnataka School for children with special needs.But are these practices followed by schools catering to special children? Yes, claim parents. Preetha PA, parent of a boy with special needs and who is currently in Class 12, said, \"Till Class 5, he was studying in a normal school and found it very difficult. After we moved him to the special school, he's been much better as there are people taking care of him all the time.\"Teachers attending to special children point out that supervision plays a huge role in preventing accidents. \"Not all equipment in a playschool is fit for students with special needs. Besides, ordinary schools should not have too many children with special needs either,\" said Robert Khin, principal, Bethany's High School, which also runs a special school.Experts point out that special children have the tendency to indulge in play without being aware of the consequences. But there are too many grey areas when it comes to monitoring special schools. Commissioner for the disabled KV Rajanna, asked if his role entails monitoring of special schools, only said, \"I do have the authority. A lot more needs to be done.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135614", "title": "Emotional integration process of people has faltered: Ansari", "text": "NEW DELHI: Vice President Hamid Ansari has said that the process of emotional integration of the countrymen has faltered and needs reinvigoration through a reaffirmation of the democratic process, adherence to the Constitution, rejuvenation of institutions like Parliament and state legislatures and maintaining the sanctity of dialogue.According to Ansari, burning issues agitating the public in different regions of the country have come to the fore and are seeking acceptable solutions. \"While the debate on the functioning of the federal system is very much a part of the national political discourse, can the same be said for the realization of fraternity? How far, and how well, have we as a people travelled on the path of social and emotional integration?\" Ansari asked while delivering the annual Sardar Patel Memorial Lecture here on 'Physical integration &amp; Emotional Consonance'.Stating that problems arising out of Naxalism and insurgency and demands for a better deal for the states of the Union, as also for tribes, dalits and minorities relate to requirements of fraternity and the achievement of national integration, Ansari said the solutions lay in reinvigorating the process of expanding the area of rights, redressing grievances and allowing greater space for federal units in specific areas. \"The need of the hour is to reinvigorate this process. To explore and make better use of existing Constitutional provisions; above all, to ensure better delivery,\" he stated.Ansari also said that while a National Integration Council (NIC) had been constituted way back in 1961, only 15 meetings were held in 50 years with \"glaring gaps of over 10 years\".\"Could the frequency be suggestive of priorities? Perhaps the answer is to be found in a propensity to evade troubling questions until they begin to dent the certitudes or the major premises that envelope public discourse,\" he said.Suggesting Centre-state dialogue through the Inter-State Council, Ansari, however, cautioned against \"expanding its ambit into matters unambiguously in the Union List, or to convert itself into a supper federal executive, since both would be destructive of the delicate balance envisaged in the Constitution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17135867", "title": "Schoolbus strike threat", "text": "KOLKATA: The Contract Carriage Owners' and Operators' Association has announced an indefinite strike from November 22, demanding permit to ply in adjoining districts as well.As many as 3,500 charter buses for schools and offices will go off the roads. Many of these ferry employees of the IT sector at Salt Lake. Association general secretary Himadri Ganguli said that despite reminding the transport department several times to issue \"unified permit\" for these chartered buses so that they could ply in Kolkata and adjoining districts as well, no steps have been taken.\"We were assured by the transport minister that the government would issue permits for our school and office buses for Kolkata, and North and South 24-Parganas. But it hasn't been done yet. We are standing at a crossroads and cannot register or renew our vehicles,\" Ganguli said. \"We are forced to call an indefinite trike.\"Transport minister Madan Mitra said that he has asked the department secretary to \"solve the problem\". There was another strike threat, this time from the West Bengal Luxury Taxi Association, which is seeking a fare hike and slash in road tax. Association general secretary Saikat Pal said they would observe a fast at the Metro Channel from November 22 and go for a strike if their demands are not met.Minibus owners also met Mitra to complain that the fare hike was minimal but the minister ruled out any further hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136162", "title": "Shishir Parkhie regales, releases ghazal album", "text": "NAGPUR: It's still a popular genre and those who enjoy good poetry, listening to ghazals is a treat not to be missed.The audience at Sai Sabha Grah on Wednesday had come prepared to enjoy some good shayari and singer Shishir Parkhie had made a fine selection of ghazals. The occasion was the release of his new album Khulus-Ghazals of Dreams, Desire &amp; Destiny. Parkhie decided to make it memorable for his fans.The fine line up of musicians and the use of instruments like sitar, guitar and flute added to the quality poetry. Starting half and hour late to an auditorium which was not exactly brimming with fans of Urdu poetry, Parkhie began with a gem from the rich repertoire of Mir.'Hum khuda ke kabhi kayal hi naa theh' set the mood for the evening. He followed it with two quick renditions of Mirza Ghalib. 'Tasti ko hum na roye' and 'rone se aur ishq main bebak ho gaye' were sung accompanied by enchanting interludes on sitar and flute.'Ishq main kya kya mere junoon ki', a stirring poetry penned by Bhadur Shah Zafar was rendered soulfully by Parkhie who followed it with 'kamal ishq hai deewana ho gaya hoon', a popular ghazal by Majaz Lucknawi.There were many stars on the stage. Nazir Khan on the sitar mesmerized the audience with his controlled use of the strings, complementing the singer perfectly. Arvind Upadhya on flute gave a surreal feel to the renditions. The presence of Sanjay Kapoor the guitarist reminded many of the live performance of Jagjit Singh who introduced this modern instrument to ghazals.Parkhie had chosen some of the most popular shayars of Urdu poetry and selected the best of their writings for the occasion. But also forming a connect with the audience was the anchor, also named Nazir Khan from Chandrapur, who kept the audience involved in the happenings on stage in good Urdu and some fine narrations about the poets.Parkhie interrupted the flow to release his new album. He continued later by presenting ghazals from this collection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17138851", "title": "Suicide bomber targets Pakistan Rangers headquarters, one killed", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A suicide bomber rammed an explosives-laden truck into the headquarters of the Pakistan Rangers, a paramilitary force, in the southern port city of Karachi on Thursday, killing at least one person and injuring 14 others, police and witnesses said.The attacker rammed the truck into the gate of the Pakistan Rangers office in North Nazimabad area of Karachi this morning.The powerful explosion, which was heard across the city, caused extensive damage to the building and a section of it collapsed. It also triggered a fire that was brought under control after about 90 minutes.Footage on television showed a column of smoke rising into the sky. The blast also damaged several nearby buildings.At least one injured person died in hospital, officials were quoted as saying by TV news channels.Initial reports said two persons were killed but this was later scaled down by officials.Sindh Police chief Fayyaz Leghari said nine Pakistan Rangers, several policemen and two civilians were among the injured.\"We have found body parts, which suggests it was a suicide attack. A vehicle laden with explosives hit the gate of the building,\" Leghari told the media.The injured were taken to Abbasi Shaheed Hospital, where doctors said four injured persons were in a serious condition.Witnesses said the suicide bomber's truck was carrying vegetables. Officials of the bomb disposal squad said over 100 kg of explosives were used in the attack.No group claimed responsibility for the attack. The government usually blames the banned Taliban for such attacks as they routinely target security forces.The attack occurred at a time when Karachi is hosting an international defence exhibition and dozens of foreign delegates are taking part in the event.However, Sindh Police chief Leghari said the site of the attack was far away from the venue of the exhibition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17137566", "title": "Obama wins second term: Stormy days ahead for climate talks?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Barack Obama's re-election could mean difficult days ahead for India on climate change since America is set to play a more pro-active role in pushing for a new global deal by 2015. Fears abound about dilution of the existing principles of the UN climate convention that firewall developing countries from more onerous obligations.During Obama1, he came to the 2009 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d basking in the halo the Nobel \u00e2\u20ac\u201d climate talks in Copenhagen negating Kyoto Protocol and voicing stronger opposition to differentiation between developed and developing countries. \"The Nobel created an optical illusion, he said the right words but did exactly what the US had done so far \u00e2\u20ac\u201d refuse to submit to Kyoto Protocol, shrug off any responsibility for emissions and demand emerging economies take on a disproportionate burden,\" an Indian official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17139504", "title": "Kareena\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s item song ties up with adhesive company", "text": "It isn't for nothing that the much-anticipated item song in 'Dabangg 2' is called 'Fevicol'. We've come to know that producer-director Arbaaz Khan has tied up with the multi-national company for a huge collaborative project before allowing Kareena to croon in favour of the well-known adhesive company.Kareena started shooting the 'Fevicol' song from November 5 onwards. This is the first time Kareena returns to the arclights after her much-hyped wedding on October 18. Farah Khan has choreographed this number. Says a source, \"Salman wants Kareena's item song in Dabangg 2 to be bigger, brighter and bouncier than Munni badnaam in Dabangg . He selected the tune and finalized Mamta Sharma to sing it. He also decided on bringing the adhesive company into the song.If you remember, the Munni badnaam song in Dabangg had gotten into a wrangle with the 'Zandu balm' product for mentioning their product in the song. Subsequently, producer Arbaaz Khan sat across the table with the balm makers and the two parties worked out a lucrative deal whereby Malaika Arora performed Munni badnaam, endorsed the balm and also became its brand ambassador. A similar deal has been worked out with the 'Fevicol' company for the item song in Dabangg 2 .\"The idea is to use the Dabangg franchise as a platform for an endorsement-based item song each time. It was ' Zandu balm' in Dabangg , it's 'Fevicol' in Dabangg 2 . It would be another popular product in the next film. Confirming these development Arbaaz Khan took time off from his frantic editing to say, \"Yes,we're tying up with an adhesive company for Kareena Kapoor's item song Fevicol . But the brand won't be thrown into the audiences' faces . It's been sung in a very earthy way by Mamta Sharma ,so that it sounds like ' Phebikol ' in the number.\"So it is an earthy rustic number? \"Very much so,\" informs Arbaaz. \"We wanted the track to move ahead of what we did with Munni badnaam in Dabangg . The song's being formated similarly. Salman will be joining Kareena , just like he joined in with Malaika in Munni badnaam .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17138069", "title": "FDA raids shops, collects khoya samples in Katra", "text": "ALLAHABAD: As part of the ongoing drive against adulteration in food products during the festive period, officials of Food and Drug Authority (FDA) led by additional city magistrate (ACM) I and chief food inspector (CFI) conducted raids in Katra locality on Wednesday and took khoya samples from two reputed sweet shops and chhena (cottage cheese) sample from another shop on Kutchery Road. The samples would be sent to the state laboratory for examination after which necessary action would be taken.CFI, Harimohan Srivastava said the team also raided shops in Phaphamau area and inspected khoya mandi where several dealers fled from the spot leaving behind their stock. The team seized around 1.5 quintal of khoya from the spot which would be sent for examination.At a shop in Phaphamau area the team took samples of curd and gazak while a dairy operating without a license was challaned. In Soraon area the team served notice to a cold storage functioning without license.At Karchana in trans-Yamuna area, the team was led by SDM, Karchana and 50 kg besan (gram flour) was seized from a shop and sample sent for examination.Srivastava said the drive would continue till Deepawali and warned shopkeepers to refrain from selling adulterated food items or else face the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17137022", "title": "Aakash to help improve teaching", "text": "BHOPAL: The low-cost indigenous Aakash tablet will now help make class-room teaching in engineering institutes more effective. Teaching faculties of the institutes will be trained in effective use of the device.Under the National Mission on Education through Information and Technology ( NME-ICT)), IIT Bombay will impart the training to the teaching faculties in engineering institutes through a two-day workshop starting November 11 to help them improve the class-room teaching techniques.The workshop will be organized under the mission Aakash for Education in 15 engineering colleges of Madhya Pradesh including 8 in Bhopal. The participating faculties will get the tablets free. In Bhopal, the workshop will be organized at Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT), IES College of Technology, Sagar Institute of Research and Technology, Rajiv Gandhi Technical University, Oriental College of Technology, Truba, Bansal Institute of Research and Technology and NRI Institute of Science and Technology.When contacted, Association of Technical and Professional Institutes of MP spokesman, B S Yadav said that the objective of the workshop is to enhance teaching skills of the faculties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17135404", "title": "List of areas to face power shutdown on Friday", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Thursday between 9am to 5pm for maintenance work.Red Hills: Redhills GNT Road (partly),Naravarikuppam, Padianallur, Sothupakkam, Alinjivakkam, Vilangadupakkam, Kossapur, Sendrambakkam, Theeyampakkam, Sirungavur, Theerthakaraiyan Pattu, Palavoyal.Nungambakkam &amp; Mahalingapuram: Prakasam Street, Habibullah Road, Vidyodya Street, Model School Road, GA Khan Street, Gulam Abbaz Khan Street, Greams road, Anna salai, Aziz Mulk Street, Wallace Garden Street, Haddows Road, Nungambakkam High Road, Kodambakkam High Road, GN Chetty Road, Lloyds Road, Jaipur Nagar, Conran Smith Road, Cathedral Road, Tank Bund Road, Tank Parallel Road, Sterling Avenue, part of Sterling Road, Pushpa Nagar, Rajaji 1,2,3rd Street, Pushpa Nagar Main Road, Mahalingapuram Main Road, Lakshmanan Street, Nachiappan Street, Vaikundhapuram, Sarojini Street, Mahalinga Chetty St, Shenoy Road, Mada Street, Saraswathi Street, Noor Veera Samy Street, Vijayalakshmi Street, Ramanaickan Street, Kumarappa Street, Melpandi Muthu Street, Jaganathan Street, Krishnamachari Street.Thiruvanmiyur: Kotturpuram, Kottur, Chinnamalai, Sardar Patel road, Sri Nagar Colony, Pallipattu, Sriram Nagar, Kasturba Nagar, Indira Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17137074", "title": "Schools urge students to make Diwali green and fun-filled", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With Diwali round the corner, schools are holding a raft of activities to urge students to shun smoke and sound and add a sparkle of green to their festivities.St John's High School, Sector 26, organized a special morning assembly to motivate students to celebrate green Diwali with a 'diya' Principal Kavita C Das said, \" Our message to students is: use what you will spend on crackers in an act of compassion that will bring god light to the lives of others.\"To drive home the ill-effect of crackers, children of Shivalik Public School, Sector 41, took out a rally, as students of classes VII and VIII made placards and raised slogans to underscore their point.Sharda Sarvhitkari School, Sector 40, started its campaign from the campus. After students took an oath of celebrating a smoke-free festival, an anti-cracker rally was flagged off that passed through sectors 39, 40 and 41. Later, kids enthusiastically took part in essay, poem and slogan writing competitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17137353", "title": "Savarkundla villages readies for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcbomb\u00e2\u20ac\u2122astic Diwali", "text": "RAJKOT: Diwali is not just about bursting crackers for Savarkundla villages. It's actually about aiming them at opponents.For years now, Diwali is welcomed with a strange tradition wherein groups of villagers hurl bombs at each other. The fight is locally known as 'Ingoriya ni Ladai' (War using ingoriya). Ingoriya is a local fruit that grows in abundance in the region. Gun powder is stuffed in these little fruits, which are then used as crackers ready to be hurled.The fight is actually between villagers of Savar and Kundla, which are separated by a small river Navli.\"We are busing making 'ingoriya' for Ingoriya ni Ladai', which will be held on Diwali night between residents of Savar and Kundla as per the tradition. We first bring ingoriya fruits and dry them. After that, we drill the fruit and fill it with various materials to make fire-crackers. It takes at least 15 days to prepare the crackers,\" said Nilesh Mehta, resident of Savarkundla.Locals say that these traditional firecrackers do not explode but only generate huge flames when fired.\"We stuff gun powder in the dry ingoriya fruits and make bombs out of it. After lighting the wick, people hurl the bombs at each other,\" Mehta said.Locals say that some people even get minor burns. But they are so immersed in this festive fervour that they don't mind such injuries.In fact, natives of Savarkundla, who have settled in different parts of the country, also come down to take part in this contest every year.Earlier, the two groups used to stand facing each other on either side of the river. At the sound of a bugle, the war begins with both groups throwing bombs at each other. While many duck the cracker, some will be injured in the fire.However, the venue of this traditional war has changed and its held in Manibhai Chowk in the town.\"The war goes on throughout the night and the group that has exhausted all its gun powder supply is declared the loser,\" Mehta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136357", "title": "Youth stealing luxury cars nabbed", "text": "NAGPUR: By stealing high-end vehicles, a 25-year-old youth was looking forward to do a travel business. However, within a year of the crime, he was put behind bars by Pachpaoli police.Mahendra Chake, a resident of Salai Godhni, used to steal luxurious vehicles of his employers. Following a tip-off, a police team headed by PSI Nitin Levarkar laid a trap to nab him. They sent a tout to enquire about the vehicles owned by Chake. Levarkar said \"Chake was interested in selling and giving vehicles on rent at cheap rates. Sensing that something was fishy, we fixed a deal through a tout and caught Chake,\" he said.Police recovered two costly four-wheelers from his possession. Investigations later revealed that Chake had even started Rudra Travels. He used to work as driver for high profile businessman for a week and then leave the job without informing the employer. Before leaving, Chake used to take with him vehicle's keys. He then used to steal these vehicles two to three months later, especially during night hours.Levarkar said Chake had targeted two city builders, Mukesh Jham and Amol Walke.\"He worked as a driver for them for a week. Later, without informing them, he left the job and also took the original keys with him. After a few months, he stole the vehicles either from their home or market places,\" Levarkar said.Cops said Chake would even prepare forged documents and change the number plate of vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17136239", "title": "Midget pulls off big fraud, jailed", "text": "HYDERABAD: A person, who duped an MBA graduate to the tune of Rs 20 lakh by posing as a handsome hunk on the social networking site Facebook, was arrested by Cyber Crime sleuths on Tuesday.On October 17, a 22-year-old woman from Guntur lodged a complaint with the Cyber Crime police station of the CID stating that she was duped by one Rajapathi of Hyderabad to the tune of Rs 20 lakh. The victim informed the police that she came in contact with him through Facebook.By introducing himself as an IIT graduate and a software professional, Rajapathi lured the victim into the trap. Rajapathi, who is actually 3.5 feet tall, had put a handsome man's photo as his profile picture. Thinking that Rajapathi is a good-looking software professional, the victim became close to him. They used to 'chat' frequently and even conversed on the phone. After gaining her confidence, Rajapathi informed the woman that he was suffering from some kidney disease and requested her to help him financially.Blinded by love, she agreed to help Rajapathi and asked him to come to Guntur to collect the money. Rajapathi then told her that due to the illness he was not able to travel and assured her that his friend Sridhar would come to collect the cash. Subsequently, the victim gave Rs 3 lakh in cash and 30 tolas of gold to Rajapathi's 'friend Sridhar' in Guntur. Meanwhile, the woman's family members discovered that gold was missing and she told them the truth. The victim informed Rajapathi that her family had found out about the incident. The 'IIT graduate' told her that he needs some more money for treatment. He convinced her that the entire amount would be returned soon. Believing him, the victim gave another 20 tolas of gold. After this, Rajapathi snapped all communication with the victim.Realising that she was duped, the victim informed her family and a complaint was lodged with the police. During the investigation, police tracked the IP address of the culprit and reached his house in Bowenpally. However, sensing that he was in trouble, Rajapathi fled from the place. The special teams finally managed to arrest him from a friend's place in Visakhapatnam. Police recovered Rs 4.75 lakh cash, 18.5 tolas of gold, a laptop and two cell phones from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17136737", "title": "Karve Institute set to scale new heights", "text": "PUNE: Strengthening international collaborations, establishing a public centre, conducting research in the area of social service policies, holding training programmes for social workers and introducing short term courses on counselling, disaster management and corporate social responsibility, are some of the goals ahead of Karve Institute of Social Service (KISS) which will complete 50 years on Friday.One of the premiere institutes in the country for social work training, Karve Institute has seen several eminent individuals such as SL Kirloskar, Vijaylakshmi Pandit and Begum Latif associated with it in the past 50 years.Deepal Walokar, director, KISS said, \"At present there is no indigenous reading material on social service available anywhere in the country. Our effort through the publication centre would be to print literature on social work. Journals and books on social service training for teachers and students are also in the pipeline.\"KISS, which has 'A' grade accreditation by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council was established on November 9, 1963 by Bhaskarrao Dhondo Karve. From small beginnings that offered a certificate course to a cadre of grass root level workers for social intervention, the institute today has emerged as a recognized centre imparting post graduate and doctorate degrees in professional social work under the affiliation of University of Pune.\"The institute has had international academic collaborations with universities in Ireland, Japan, Spain and Germany in the past. Efforts to expand our global network and bring in wider international perspectives would be our prime focus in the coming years,\" Walokar said.It would also launch a few studies under the institute's B.D. Karve research and consultancy cell and bring out some publications, including a peer reviewed journal of social work by the end of the golden jubilee this year.The institute aims to pursue self-commissioned research projects that could impact government policies related to social welfare and human rights. Recommendations through research will be made available to the government to make changes in state policy. Inter-disciplinary research studies will also be taken up, Walokar said. \"Education, health, current social problems and issues faced by the citizens will be studied as part of our research studies,\" he added.Various international, regional and state level events have been planned for the golden jubilee year. The events will bring together social work institutions, field practitioners and specific sector experts.A formal inaugural programme would be held at the institute's premises on Friday in the presence of Syeda S Hameed, Planning Commission member and industrialist Anu Aga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17135943", "title": "Didn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t know of police operation: Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: Desperate to wash her hands of the violence during a land agitation in Birbhum's Loba village, chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday said there had been no police firing and insisted that parallels not be drawn with Singur and Nandigram.Hinting at a conspiracy, Mamata claimed that the government had no prior intimation of the police operation. Unable to blame the villagers, either, the CM said that they were \"innocent\" and that the violence was instigated by \"mysterious outsiders\". Industries minister Partha Chatterjee echoed his leader and saw a Congress-CPM hand in provoking the violence.Clashes had broken out at dawn in Loba on Tuesday when policemen arrived in force to retrieve heavy equipment of DVC-Emta that had been seized by villagers protecting against acquisition for mining a huge coal reserve. Thirty-seven persons were injured, including 27 policemen, some of whom have arrow injuries. Villagers claim there are gunshot victims among their injured.The incident is shrouded in mystery, Mamata said at Writers' Building on Wednesday. An inquiry has been ordered under ADG (law and order) Surojit Kar Purkayastha and the district SP asked to go on leave, said the CM.Aware of the impending panchayat election and the comparisons being drawn with the Nandigram firing, Mamata said: \"The police adopted a restrained approach and did not open fire as the villagers claim. A policeman was hit by an arrow and is fighting for life. Two others are in serious condition. I have learnt that some villagers are also injured. I have spoken to the home secretary and he maintains that the police didn't fire. I would like to point out that this was not related to acquisition of land,\" Mamata said.Calling the incident \"unfortunate\", the CM said: \"I am sad. The villagers are not at fault. I want to reassure them that the government won't take any step against them. Some groups that had sprung up during the Left misrule spread rumours and incited them. We will try to find out if the coal mafia was involved. \"She acknowledged that DVC and Bengal Emta have been trying to get back their equipment for close to a year. \"We want to sort it out through negotiations. No parallels should be drawn between what happened at Dubrajpur and Nandigram-Singur,\" she said.\"A section of the Congress and CPM has a behind-the-scenes role. Bows and arrows were brought by outsiders and have no connection with villagers, who are now being blamed. The Jami Raksha Committee is actually Dal Raksha Committee,\" Chatterjee said at Suri.The opposition is tearing into the government over the Loba violence. Leader of the Opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra mocked the inquiry order. \"I don't see any need for investigation when the industries minister has already found an answer. I refuse to believe that the superintendent of police did it on his own. He must have got orders from the higher-ups,\" Mishra said.\"Birbhum Trinamool MP Satabdi Roy initially said that she was aware of the police firing. She ate her words after the home secretary denied it. The confusion may end if one investigates whether the bullets were fired from a service revolver,\" said Left Front chairman Biman Bose.A CPM delegation toured Loba on Wednesday and a Left Front team will visit on Thursday.Newly elected Congress MP from Jangipur Abhijeet Mukherjee visited the injured at Suri hospital. \"Let there be a thorough inquiry because it doesn't go well with a government that came to power through land stir,\" he said.The chief minister admitted that she wasn't clear on the deal worked out by DVC, Bengal Emta and others for exploring coal blocks in the area. \"The deals were signed during the CPM rule. Many names, like that of Chandan Basu, have cropped up. We have no information but I have sought all details. An administrative inquiry has also been ordered,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135100", "title": "Ex-staffer of slain senior citizen\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s daughter held for her murder", "text": "MUMBAI: In a major breakthrough, the crime branch has arrested a 20-year-old youth from Rajasthan in connection with the Nirmala Vora murder case. The accused was a former employee at the juice centre run by the victim's daughter, Chetna (52).The 73-year-old Nirmala was found in a pool of blood by her daughter in their Malad (W) residence late on Sunday. Crime branch officials said the alleged killer, Girvar Singh Devda, also stole Rs 35,000 in cash and 35 tola of gold ornaments worth over Rs 12 lakh, from the house as he \"needed money to get his sister married off\". While robbery appeared to be the motive behind the murder, the police said it could also be a case of revenge as Devda was angry with the Voras over alleged non-payment of salary.Devda was picked up from Udaipur on Tuesday night. Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said Devda planned the murder before visiting the family's house on Sunday afternoon: \"He knew that Nirmala would be alone at home and bought a knife near Malad station. As he had worked at the sugarcane juice centre run by Nirmala's daughter, he knew the family well. On Sunday afternoon, he visited their house and Nirmala opened the door as she knew him. There was no forced entry. Soon after entering the flat, Devda took the cash and jewellery and attacked Nirmala. Her throat was slit,\" he explained.Roy said Devda, a Class X dropout, is originally from Rajasthan. His elder brother, Manojsingh, used to run an ice-cream shop in Malad. In 2011, he brought Devda to Mumbai to work in the shop. Later, Manojsingh moved to another shop in Mumbai Central and Devda started working for the Voras. However, he was employed in the Voras' juice centre for only 22 days in September and quit after a fight with Chetna. While he was working there, Devda visited the Vora residence several times and observed that Chetna's mother had a lot of gold jewellery.\"Devda said he left the job as the work hours were too long,\" said a police source. The accused also claimed that he did not get his salary for the 22 days he worked at the juice centre. \"On Sunday morning, Devda had drinks with some acquaintances before leaving for Malad railway station. He bought a knife there and then went to the Voras' residence,\" the police said.After killing Vora, Devda headed for Rajasthan on a train. \"As he knew that the police would try to locate him, Devda did not go to his hometown and instead went to Udaipur. We got information that he was hiding in Udaipur and picked him up from there. He was brought to Mumbai and arrested formally here. We will hand him over to the Malad police,\" an official said.Devda has reportedly sold the jewellery in Rajasthan and the police are now trying to zero in on the buyers. \"Devda disposed of the jewellery soon after reaching Jaipur. He then went to Udaipur. The police will call the buyers for interrogation,\" the police said.The investigators also confirmed that the knife used in Nirmala's murder was not taken from her kitchen. \"In her statement, Chetna said both knives in her mother's kitchen were intact. This indicated that the murder was planned well in advance and the accused brought a knife along,\" an official said.Reacting to the news of Devda's arrest, Chetna\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwho is unmarried and had lost her father some years ago\u00e2\u20ac\u201dsaid: \"I shared a very special bond with my mother. We were like friends and our relationship was a lot more than a regular mother-daughter one. I cannot forget the sight of my mother lying on the floor, caked in blood, when I returned home from work on Sunday night. I cried like crazy and couldn't sleep or eat.\"Referring to the probe, she said: \"Officers from the local police station, the crime branch and the anti-robbery squad visited us. I've spent the last three nights and the entire Wednesday doing rounds of the police station. Now, I'm exhausted. I think they have done an excellent job in bringing the killer to book so quickly.\"(Inputs from Nitasha Natu)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17136156", "title": "Clube Nacional's 'Saudades' on November 10", "text": "As part of its centenary celebrations, Clube Nacional, Panaji , will organize its traditional 'Saudades' - an evening of Portuguese music - on November 10 from 8pm onwards. For details and reservation call on 2225316.Prize distribution of painting contest: The prize distribution function of the state-level painting competition will be held on November 8, at 4pm, at the Goa Science Center, Miramar. Governor Bharat Vir Wanchoo will be the chief guest, while North Goa MP Shripad Naik, education director D P Dwivedi and chief engineer S T Nadkarni will be the guests of honour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17136671", "title": "Oppositionn parties unite against new Development Plan", "text": "PUNE: State leaders of the BJP, Shiv Sena and the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) have asked their local leaders in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to draft a combined strategy to oppose the Development Plan (DP) for the old city area.\"Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray, MNS chief Raj Thackeray and BJP state president Sudhir Mungantiwar have directed their respective party presidents and leaders in the PMC to have a combined strategy regarding the DP. Accordingly, the opposition parties have decided to strongly oppose the amendments to the Development Control (DC) rules and cancellation of reservations in the DP,\" a senior BJP leader told TOI on Wednesday.At a recent meeting, the opposition party leaders had decided that they will unanimously oppose the DP in the house.\"We have also decided to contact some of the disgruntled corporators in the NCP and the Congress. There is unrest within the ruling alliance over the DP and we are confident that these members will support us in the general body,\" the BJP leader said.The city improvement committee of the PMC recently approved the new DP, spanning the years 2007 to 2027. The DP is applicable to over 147.85 sq km area comprising 17 'peths' and surrounding areas. It proposes 921 reservations, covering 1,080.79 hectare for amenities like health, education, recreation, etc.The opposition has, however, alleged that major reservations like metro parking and metro station have been vacated for residential constructions. There is no provision to protect a water body in Dhanori; a hill top in Bibvewadi has also been converted into residential area.Senior Congress leaders, including MLC Mohan Joshi and corporators Aba Bagul and Sanjay Balgude, have raised similar objections and approached Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan demanding the state government's intervention in the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17138135", "title": "Additional ambulances to give boost to medical services", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With sixteen 108 ambulances under the Samajwadi ambulance service likely to be rolled out this month, medial facilities in the district will get a boost.The 108 ambulances will be available on a phone call and will be free of cost. The second phase of the 108 ambulance service is likely to be launched this month.More than 300 additional ambulances with basic life support will hit the road across 13 districts in the state.In the first phase, 133 ambulances were sent to 13 districts, and as per plans, 980 ambulances are to be rolled out in the state. The districts getting these ambulances include accident-prone western UP districts like Noida, Ghaziabad, Agra and Mathura and east UP districts like Allahabad, Pratapgarh, Gonda, Bahraich and Faizabad.These ambulances will offer immediate medical assistance to victims of road accidents as well as patients who need emergency services.Chief medical officer Dr Padmakar Singh said with the availability of ambulance service, we would be able to provide better medical facilities to people both in rural areas.The ambulances will also be deployed at the entry and exit points of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135259", "title": "Bouncer held for assaulting two men", "text": "NEW DELHI: In yet another crime over a trivial reason, two businessmen were allegedly assaulted by a bouncer working at a club in south Delhi. The incident was reported from the Hauz Khas village on Monday, police said. The bouncer, identified as Dinesh, was later arrested.Apoorva Goel (29) and his brother-in-law, Vidit Garg were going to a restaurant to when the fight erupted, said the complainant. They had parked their car a little distance away and were approaching the restaurant on foot when Goel's shoulder grazed an SUV, hitting the side-view mirror. The victims alleged that Dinesh, driver of the SUV, got out and assaulted them. Passersby broke the fight and informed police. Dinesh left the spot after threatening them with dire consequences, added the complainant.Cops took the victims to hospital, where they underwent a medical examination and received first aid.Their statements were recorded, and a case of criminal intimidation, causing hurt and wrongful restraint was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17136898", "title": "y Medha Patkar released on bail", "text": "BHOPAL: Narmada bachao andolan leader and magsaysay award winner medha patkar was released on bail from the chhindwara district jail in madhya pradesh on wednesday evening. she was arrested on Sunday night with 17 farmer activists of the Kisan Sangharsh Samiti (KSS) during an agitation against government acquisition of land for the construction of a dam on the Pench river. Patkar and the KSS activists were sent to jail soon after their arrest where they went on an indefinite hunger protest against police action. On Wednesday Medha Patkar and the 17 arrested KSS activists were presented before the court of the chief judicial magistrate (Chhindwara) DR Gurjarkar. Here, Patkar recorded her statement in the court and alleged she was bodily lifted in a `barbaric' manner from the demonstration spot on Sunday night by a police additional SP V. Jain and a team of constables. The proceedings in the court took nearly two hours before the court released Patkar and the other arrested activists on securing a personal bond of Rs 1,000 each person.After her arrest, the local police had registered a case under sections 188 (disobedience to order duly promulgated by public servant), 151 (knowingly joining or continuing in assembly of five or more persons after it has been commanded to disperse), 107 (abetment) of the IPC and for violating section 144 CrPC. On Tuesday night, Patkar was granted bail on all counts except for section 188 IPC. After she was presented in the CJM court, she was granted bail on this count too.Speaking to reporters after her release from jail, Patkar said that she will continue to protest on behalf of the affected farmer families whose land would come under submergence after the Pench Diversion Project is completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17136177", "title": "TTAG cites poor profit margin, wants tax reduction...", "text": "PANAJI: Fearing that the government will tax them further to generate revenue as mining operations are at standstill, the Travel and Tourism Association of Goa (TTAG) on Wednesday claimed the profit margin of hotels has already reduced. It demanded that the government reduce taxes on the industry.Speaking to mediapersons TTAG president Francisco De Braganca said that the government should avoid additional taxation and support the industry with reduction in taxes and various fees as after mining has come to a halt, the tourism industry has become the number one industry to provide revenue to the state.He also demanded that the government lower electricity tariffs which was increased and should have a professional approach in marketing. TTAG claimed that electricity tariffs have arisen by about 20% and have affected the cost of operation. Service tax is now applicable for every item whether it is a service or not, except items shown in the negative list. Also rise in labour costs are some of the factors which reduce profit margin.He said the reason for reduction in profit is that tariffs remain the same over the years and charters though in bigger numbers are not booked in advance and are at the lower end of the spectrumHe added that Russians tourists are welcome but dependency on a particular country can be dangerous because if the operators from that country withdraw, \"we will be at sea, and therefore we need to have a mix of tourists\".\"There has been a rise in cost including the cost of airport transfer and cruise fares. They have gone up by 110% without warning,\" said Braganca. He also said that the single-counter policy for cruises has increased profits as it has done away with touts, etc, but hoteliers are not touts and they are bulk buyers of cruise tickets. \"Hoteliers should be given preferential rates,\" Braganca said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17134923", "title": "It is time for revenge: Yuvraj Singh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The battle-bugle has been sounded. Citing the 4-0 drubbing that India got at the hands of England last year, comeback king Yuvraj Singh has sounded a warning for the Englishmen before the Test series starts in Ahmedabad from November 15.Yuvraj, who was in the city for a promotional event, said that the Indian team will look to avenge the whitewash that they got when they toured England.\"Last year when we toured England, it was a difficult time for us. This time we would like to give it back to the Englishmen. This is definitely a revenge series for us. They have a number of good players in their ranks, the likes of Kevin Pietersen but we will look to win the series. It will be a good series, a hard-fought one,\" quipped Yuvraj, making his first public appearance after getting selected for the Test squad.Brushing aside any doubt about his fitness and whether he can last the rigours of 5-day cricket, Yuvraj felt that his body at present is 'perfectly toned' for extremities of Test cricket.\"Right now I am feeling fit and fine. My body is perfectly toned for Test cricket. I will be going to the 3-day conditioning camp where they (Indian team management) will assess my fitness levels. I cannot wait to get back to play Test cricket,\" said Yuvraj.When asked about his return to the Indian Test squad, Yuvraj couldn't hide his excitement and said, \"I was sort of excited about this when I got the news. Of course this is big news for me, as I would be coming back into the team after more than a year or so. Though I have played the Twenty20 World Cup but I always wanted to play Test cricket.\"Meanwhile, contrary to what many cricketing pundits have endorsed, that India should go for the kill by producing spin-friendly wickets, Yuvraj said, \"I am ready to play on any kind of wicket. Whether it is spinner-friendly or a wicket assisting the pacers, I just want to go out there and perform. At the end of the day, the wicket doesn't matter, what matters is that we win against England.\"The southpaw had scored a magnificent double century (208) against Central Zone in the Duleep Trophy semifinals, dispelling any doubts over his fitness levels and then followed it up with a half-century and a five-wicket haul against England in a practice match.Yuvraj, will now join his teammates at the Brabourne stadium, Mumbai for a 3-day conditioning camp from November 9-11 before the Test series starts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135549", "title": "Waiting time starts ticking if autos, cabs slow down", "text": "MUMBAI: The waiting charge in autos and taxis start ticking not only when the vehicles are stuck at signals or traffic jams but also when they slow down.A senior RTO official brought this to the notice of TOI on Wednesday. \"If an auto slows down and plies at less than 6 km/hour and a taxi at 5 km/hour, it is counted as waiting period and the clock keeps ticking,\" the official said. The waiting charge is then added and is displayed as part of the final fare on the meter. But most commuters are not aware of it.Under the earlier structure, for every two minutes, the waiting charge of an auto was equivalent to the fare for 200m. Now, it is calculated for every minute and the charge is equivalent to the fare for every 100m. RTO officials pointed out that between the two systems, there is no difference; it has been changed from 200m to 100m as the new fare structure entails every calculation based on 100m. Any increase in waiting charge was opposed by the Hakim committee, which devised the new formula for auto and taxi fare hike.In the updated meters, the fare for every 100 m is Rs 1, while it is Rs 1.23 in taxis. So, the waiting charge is Rs 1 per minute in autos and Rs 1.23 per minute for cabs, the official added. \"The waiting period and charge is calibrated in new meters. It existed for several years and I don't understand why passengers should be confused about it,\" an official said. \"An auto driver has to spend a lot of fuel when his vehicle is stationary or moving slowly for say, to avoid potholes or bad stretches. He gets compensation in the form of waiting charge,\" he said.Supporting the addition of waiting charges to final fares, auto and taxi union leaders are not ready to spare commuters of the extra amount. \"If you have hired an auto or taxi, you will have to pay for all the expenses during the travel,\" an auto union leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17137288", "title": "Mixed response to Obama re-election", "text": "MADURAI: Barack Obama's coming back to power in the US elections has created a mixed response in trade and industrial circles in Madurai.American Business Corner (ABC), a forum operating from the Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry, facilitates entrepreneurs in the region to know about business opportunities in the United States and promote bilateral trade. The ABC was set up during the period of Obama with the US Consul-General and other officials from the US visiting Madurai during these years. With Obama and his government back in power, the Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce is optimistic that it will further strengthen trade opportunities between the two countries, especially export opportunities from Madurai.N Jegadeesan, president of TNCCI, said officials from the US consulate were very helpful to ABC and were providing all essential information regarding business ventures. \"We have been enjoying a good relationship with them and they have been helping us promote trade and export. Recently, a delegation from the Women Entrepreneurs (WE) Chamber visited the US to explore trade opportunities. We are hopeful the relationship will continue as Obama is back to power,\" he said.N Krishnamurthy, chairman of the Confederation of Indian Industry, Madurai chapter, said there will not be any big change from the earlier situation in the trade and industrial climate due to this. \"There may not be any changes in potential opportunities when it comes to trade and industry since Obama is re-elected,\" he said. Industrialists said there were issues like employment and visas for Indians during Obama's regime. As he has been re-elected, he may go strong on his stand like reducing outsourcing of jobs and making government spend big on healthcare. However, it may not impact much as India is still a competitive market for companies in US, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17136918", "title": "Decade-long struggle to shift Tasmac depot continues", "text": "COIMBATORE: It has been nothing but a long drawn out struggle for residents of Dayal Street and Thirunagar near Kavundampalayam, spanning for more than a decade, to get government officials to shift Tasmac depots operating in their residential locality for storage and supply of alcoholic beverages to tipplers across the district.The depot which caters to tipplers across the street has literally become the bane of residents in the locality. The 20-feet Dayal Street which leads into the residential colony is crowded as heavy vehicles loaded with liquor consignments zip in and out of the depots on a daily basis. The narrow road which is hardly spacious for two cars has to bear the brunt of constant movement of trucks.To make matters worse, many of these trucks are parked in open spaces inside the residential area for days at a stretch. In the absence of basic facilities, the drivers of these vehicles perform their daily ablutions in open spaces in the area. The residents have been consistently petitioning various government officials hoping for a resolution but in vain.\"There is a constant movement of trucks carrying liquor consignments from private distilleries to the depot.We have been trying to have the Tasmac depots shifted, but nothing has happened so far,\" said PKG Subramaniam, retired government official and a resident on Dayal Street.Senior citizens in the colony also complained that the liquor trucks constantly hamper the movement of private vehicles and whenever there is a traffic jam on the stretch the drivers resort to honking which has become a major nuisance for them. \"It is not only the problem of movement of trucks but also the fact that many of the trucks are forced to stay parked inside the colony for many days,\" said B Giridharan, secretary, Thirunagar Welfare Association.Residents were given a written assurance on January 31, 2002 from Tamil Nadu State Marketing Corporation Limited that they will take measures to shift the two IMFS depots in the area. But nothing has been done so far. According to Tasmac employees at the depots, the depots cater to the entire district of Coimbatore. On an average, more than 10,000 cases loaded on heavy trucks are sent out. They include various varieties of liquor and alcoholic beverages from the depots to be supplied across the district.Trucks carrying liquor consignments to be unloaded at the depots also arrive here on a regular basis. These vehicles are the ones that often have to parked near the depots as there is no parking space inside the facility until the consignments are unloaded.\"I have been waiting here for more than 10 days now with my consignment of beer and brandy cases. There is always a delay in unloading stock at the depot due to lack of storage space inside,\" said M Arumugham, a truck driver from Chennai waiting outside the depot. There were initial plans to move the depots to land available near Mettupalayam but according to Tasmac officials, this proposal has been put on hold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17135267", "title": "Showers bring snakes out of their hiding, panic calls flood foresters", "text": "CHENNAI: The recent showers have brought several snakes out of their lairs across the city, to the alarm of people who are keeping the phones of snake catchers, firemen and foresters ringing off the hook. Snake rescuers may be found in several localities these days, thrashing bushes while looking for an errant reptile that just scared the socks off people living in the vicinity.Forest department personnel have rescued 35 snakes after they crept into houses in the city in the past week. Chennai's snake helpline (044-22200335) has been flooded with calls from panic-stricken people. Forest officials say it is normal for snakes to come out of their hiding places at this time of the year because rainwater fills their holes. Foresters have rescued more than 1,500 snakes since the beginning of the year.Unless you are a reptile lover, chances are spotting a snake in your backyard inspires no feeling but atavistic fear. \"My son, who is five, was playing behind our house when he saw a snake slithering in the vegetation,\" said Vasudha, 35, a resident of Tambaram.\"The snake was huge, at least 8 feet long. We called the fire brigade and they arrived very soon and caught the snake.\" Among the nonvenomous snakes found in the city are the common sand boa, red sand boa, common wolf snake, striped keelback, green keelback, chequered keelback or Asiatic water snake, olive keelback, rat snake and the bronzeback tree snake. Venomous snakes like the cobra and Russell's viper, which usually inhabit mangroves, have been spotted in the city.Experts say people should keep their houses free of garbage as waste attracts rodents, which are the primary food of snakes. \"We usually trace a snake within 15 minutes. The place to look for them is in thick vegetation, in nooks and crannies,\" snake rescuer P Ramalingam said. \"While catching a snake we always take care not to hurt it or cause it trauma.\" The snakes caught are later released into the wild, he said.Tourniquets can often do more harm than good, say doctorsFor years medical students have been taught to wash a snake bite wound and tie a bandage above the wound to ensure that the poison did not spread. But after seeing the results of first aid, faculty in medical colleges knew they were wrong - many patients lost their limbs, sometimes even if the snake wasn't poisonous. For the last five years, students are being told not to wash or tie snake bite wounds. Recently, doctors at the poison centre in the Government General Hospital and Tamil Nadu Health Systems Project brought out a 'Handbook on Treatment Guidelines For Snake Bite and Scorpion Sting'.The treatment methodology prescribed in the handbook is the one recommended by international textbooks, said former director of poison clinic Dr C Rajendran, which was on the panel of doctors who prepared the handbook. \"It takes at least four hours for patients to reach the hospital. Often first aid does more harm than good,\" he said. At least 70% of the snakes that bite aren't poisonous.Snake venom is injected through the tip of the fang, which is as small as a fine needle. \"It is unlikely that you can wash off the venom. Instead when you rub the wound, it may increase the flow of venom into the blood stream by stimulating the lymphatic system. Some people make it worse by biting or cutting the skin to suck out poison,\" Dr Rajendran said.Secondly, tying a tourniquet above the wound could restrict the blood supply and lead to loss of the limb.\"When you tie the limbs so tightly with cloth or rope, you prevent blood flow. It gives the patient a false sense of security and encourages him to delay the journey to hospital. In the meantime, the limb is blood-starved and the cells die. In many such cases, we have had to amputate the limb,\" said a senior doctor at government general hospital. \"Medicine and treatment protocol keeps changing. It's wise for doctors to make the change too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17137126", "title": "Nitin Gadkari's IQ remark irks Swami Vivekananda followers", "text": "MYSORE: BJP chief Nitin Gadkari's recent statement, reportedly equating Swami Vivekananda with fugitive don Dawood Ibrahim, invited the wrath of many in Mysore.\"The statement shows the IQ level of the politician. Gadkari doesn't know anything about Swami Vivekananda,\" R Balasubramaniam, founder of Swami Vivekananda Youth Movement in the city, said.However, Niranjana Vanalli, professor of the University of Mysore Communication and Journalism department feels Gadkari's statement is exaggerated.M S Vinod, a follower of Vivekananda, said \"before jumping into conclusion, we have to analyze his statement which reads- 'the IQ level of both Swami Vivekananda and Dawood Ibrahim may be same, but one used it to build the nation while the other used it for destruction'. He should have taken an example of any other person instead of Vivekananda, Vinod added.When contacted, head of Swami Vivekananda chair, University of Mysore, M Ramachandra refused comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17137687", "title": "With 30 governors in place, GOP sitting pretty", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Republican Party broadened its hold on governorships to 30 states on Tuesday, with a takeover of North Carolina's chief executive post.At the outset of the election cycle, Republicans pledged to reclaim several chief executive posts, but Democrats defended themselves in a handful of states that were tossups or leaned Republican.Eleven governorships were up for grabs this year. Coming into the election, Republicans held 29 seats, and Democrats had 20. One was occupied by an independent.The GOP not only became the first political party in a dozen years to capture at least 30 governor's offices; its victories mean that no Republican governor has lost a general-election campaign in five years. Republicans could pick up two more governorships if they win in Montana and Washington state, where polls have shown tight races.Republicans picked up a governor's seat in North Carolina as former Charlotte Mayor Pat McCrory, who narrowly lost a statehouse bid in 2008, notched a decisive victory over Democratic Lieutenant Governor Walter Dalton. He will be the state's first Republican governor in 20 years.The Republican Governors Association noted in a statement released on Tuesday that the party now holds the top job in at least 30 states, the highest number held by either party in 12 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17137107", "title": "Row over construction in IPS officer\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s bungalow", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A rural court on Wednesday sent court commissioner and a team from the civic body to record the punchnama of a house owned by Rajkot police commissioner H P Singh's wife in Vastrapur.The court got the site survey done after a suit was filed by a resident of Vardhman Cooperative Housing Society that illegal construction is being done in the margin land of the bungalow. The building is owned by Singh's wife, Parminderjitkaur Amarjit Singh Gulati, who is accused of constructing a second floor on servants' quarters, which is not permissible.The senior IPS officer's immediate neighbour complained that Singh's wife \"by misusing the post of her husband has constructed a structure in margin land. Such construction is illegal and in violation of the provisions of General Development Control Regulations\". The neighbour also objected to such \"illegal activity\", claiming the same was without permission of the civic body and it affected privacy of his family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17136152", "title": "RTC\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcbright\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 idea for road safety at night", "text": "HYDERABAD: To prevent accidents during night time, Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC) has started affixing retro reflective tapes (radium stickers) on all transport vehicles in the twin cities. However, the corporation is getting flak for extracting an exorbitant price for the radium sticker.Transport vehicles would not be given fitness certificate by Regional Transport Authority ( RTA) officials until they sport retro reflective tapes. Once the facility is provided at all centres in the city, it will be extended to other districts in the state. There were over 15 lakh transport vehicles in the state.Vehicle owners claim APSRTC was fleecing them as the same sticker was available for much less price in the open market. \"Even for an auto, a minimum of two meter tape is required. They are collecting Rs 120, whereas the same is available between Rs 70 and Rs 80,\" said one Syed Mohammed.But the APSRTC officials defended their price by saying that the stickers provided by them was of high quality, while stickers available in the open market were of inferior quality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17136209", "title": "PWD contract workers' wages hiked", "text": "PANAJI: The government has decided to increase the wages of the contract workers of the PWD workers' society with effect from January 1, 2011.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar told the media on Wednesday that the wages of unskilled workers would be raised from 221 to 335, of semi-skilled workers from 230 to 353, of skilled workers from 277 to 392 and of highly skilled workers from 295 to 413.Parrikar said the decision would affect around 1,400 contract workers.Since the wage rise is with effect from January 1, 2011, the workers will be paid the arrears in quarterly installments. They will also be entitled to other benefits like bonus, yearly increments, accident insurance , etc.Parrikar also said that those workers who have completed seven years of service will be put on a temporary employment status regardless of their age. The workers' qualifications will be verified and they will be entitled to the applicable wage scales.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17136964", "title": "Deadline for filling VAT audit form extended till December 31", "text": "INDORE: The commercial taxes department has extended the deadline for filling of VAT audit forms by two months from October 31 to December 31providing much-needed relief to the CAs(charted accountants) of a number of firms.Also, they had been asked by the department to pay Rs 100 per day, in case of crossing the earlier existing deadline of 31 October. Now this penalty has been completely waived.The department has issued a notification, dated 31 October in connection with extension of two months for filing of VAT audit report in Form No 41-A. It has given a big relief to the firms as they were finding it difficult to comply with the new norms as they feel that the requirements were lengthy and there were not enough CAs to do the job within the deadline.The state government is likely to consider the demand of simplification of the form during the next session of the state assembly. While extending the deadline for the VAT audit, the department has also exempted those businessmen from filling VAT forms who deal in goods such as wheat and gram which were already tax free. Dealers having an annual turnover of Rs 10 crore or more are supposed to file the VAT audit form. There are around 8000 such dealers in the state.A practising commercial tax consultant, R S Goyal, said, \"The extension of the deadline was the need of the hour and the department has taken a right step keeping in view the genuineness of the demand.\"President of Tax Practitioners Association, S N Goel, said, \"There are a host of other demands that we hope the department fulfills now. Most prominent among them being the simplification of the VAT audit form, which is currently available in 26-pages and is full of queries of repetitive manner which can be avoided.\"The businessmen feel that they are already burdened with the income tax audit. The VAT Audit, which was introduced during the current fiscal only was adding to the work pressure and making things difficult. SK Khandelwal, a practising CA, said, \"The extension has come as a kind of comfort for the tax consultants. Forget the private firms, even the state-owned firms take our services in forms like internal audit, CAG audit whose reporting format are entirely different, hence often we face the problem of time clash, which has been eased with the department's current step.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135591", "title": "CBI quizzes Essar director over Coalgate", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI questioned Essar Group's director Vikas Saraf on Tuesday in the alleged Coalgate scam, asking him about purchasing Nava Bharat Power Private Limited (NPPL) after the allocation of a coal block and also inflating its net worth to Rs 2,000 crore in blatant violation of the eligibility norm. The agency on Wednesday also questioned promoters and directors of NPPL - Y Harish Chandra Prasad and P Trivikrama Prasad \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in connection with the alleged irregularities. The company and its directors were booked by CBI in the first set of FIRs in the scam.NPPL, CBI sources say, had misrepresented the facts while applying for the coal block in 2006. The Prasad brothers were reportedly asked about the claims made by them about the net worth of the company while applying for the coal block. The company was allocated Rampia and Dipside of Rampia coal block in 2008. CBI had booked the firm and the directors for alleged cheating under the Prevention of Corruption Act.The agency has alleged in the FIR that NPPL in order to claim a coal block had inflated its net worth \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a key norm for determining eligibility of a firm \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to around Rs 2,000 crore, claiming they were supported by companies without having any legal basis for theassertion. The coal ministry had kept a minimum net worth of Rs 50 lakh per mega watt of the maximum capacity of the proposed power plant as a pre-qualification criteria for applicant companies. The FIR alleged that the company with a proposed capacity of 2,240MW would not have pre-qualified for the recommendation of the power ministry but for this deception.The company's promoters sold their stake to Essar Power and its subsidiary company for Rs 200 crore. Essar Power had rejected the allegations, saying its acquisition of NPPL was \"transparent\" and NPPL was never its front company.\"We are trying to find out whether it was a pre-meditated move to get Navbharat Power coal block and later sell it to Essar. We have called them for questioning after analyzing several documents,\" said a CBI officer.CBI has also charge sheeted Saraf as an accused in the 2G spectrum scam. His role in the 2G scam was mentioned in handling the takeover of Loop Telecom, and also about the firm being controlled by Essar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135206", "title": "Three-on-a-bike joyride kills collegian, injures two", "text": "MUMBAI: A collegian was killed and two his friends were injured after the bike on which they were travelling crashed into a divider in Deonar on Wednesday evening. Carrying more than one pillion rider on a bike is not permitted by law.The deceased, Parth Jadhav, 21, resided in Chembur. He was out for a joyride with two of his friends, Deepak Parmar, 22, and Siddhesh Konar, 21, on a Pulsar bike. Konar sat between Jadhav and Parmar, who was riding the bike. Parmar and Konar reside at Ghatla village in Govandi.\"We are going to register a case of rash driving and negligence against Parmar under Section 304 (A) of IPC,\" said senior inspector Prahlad Panaskar. The accident took place near the BMC's M-East ward office on VJ Patil Road around 4pm.In his statement to the police, Parmar said that he and his friends were headed from Deonar to Lallubhai compound in Mankhurd, when a red car suddenly emerged from a bylane. Parmar applied brakes to avoid a collision with the car, but his two-wheeler skidded and crashed into a divider. Witnesses added that the bike was at a high speed and Jadhav was thrown off due to the impact, hitting an electric pole.Soon after, passersby rushed the three youngsters to the Shatabdi Hospital. Jadhav was declared dead on arrival by doctors. Parmar and Konar were treated for their injuries and discharged. Jadhav's body was sent to the Rajawadi post-mortem centre. His family was informed by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135774", "title": "Antony asks military to prioritize purchases", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the defence ministry set a new mark in capital spending by October, defence minister A K Antony asked the military top brass to prioritise their purchases so that they don't run out of money for essential acquisitions towards end of the financial year.Antony's suggestions came during a review of the military budget he had with newly inducted junior defence minister Jitendra Singh, defence secretary, the vice-chiefs of the three services, secretaries of defence production and finance among others.According to a senior official, the defence ministry has spent Rs 26,500 crore out of the Rs 66,000 crore that is available for capital purchases. In the budget figures placed before Parliament earlier this year, the total capital outlay for defence was Rs 79,578.63 crore, so it is not clear why the defence ministry assessment is based on Rs 66,000 crore.According to the estimates made for Wednesday's meeting, the ministry has already spent 40% of the capital budget by October. During the same period last year, 38% spending was achieved, sources said. \"The booked expenditure this year is better than last year,\" he said.In light of the fact that during the last two quarters, there is a rush in finalising capital purchases, Antony asked the three services to prioritise their purchases.Sources said the minister also asked officials to slot separate review of infrastructure projects, especially those in Arunachal Pradesh. He suggested a special review of the indigenous aircraft carrier being built in Kochi, as well as of some other programmes.\"Towards the end of the financial year, there is always a rush. The minister doesn't want the forces to run short of money for essential buys,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136429", "title": "Tension over newborn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death", "text": "NAGPUR: Blaming the doctor for the death of their two-day-old son, parents created ruckus at GMCH on Wednesday afternoon. Yogesh Chaware, a resident of Raghuji quarters, and his relatives protested for two hours and urged for the post mortem of the baby.Chaware and his family pacified only in the evening when the doctors explained that the child had low heartbeat that led to his death. Doctors showed report before Chaware that his wife has a heart problem, which affected the baby as well.Chaware's wife had delivered the baby on Monday afternoon at a private hospital in Dhantoli. As the baby was not responding well, the doctors asked them to shift the baby to Orange City Hospital, Khamla, on Wednesday morning. The doctors there declared the baby brought dead and registered it as medico legal case. On doctor's suggestion, the body was taken to GMCH mortuary. After the post mortem, the baby was taken for performing last rituals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "17136781", "title": "232 dengue cases in Bhagalpur", "text": "BHAGALPUR: It is an irony of sorts that dengue has assumed epidemic-like proportions in this district - the area of state health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with 232 out of 503 suspected cases of dengue being found positive so far. At present, 59 patients are being treated at the Jawaharlal Nehru Medical College and Hospital (JLNMCH) here.Majority of the cases have been reported from Sultanganj and Nathnagar localities besides other parts of the district. The health department has now initiated steps to create awareness about dengue and for sanitation and fogging to kill the carrier mosquitoes that breed in stagnant water.The department has constituted a medical team and made a survey of the affected areas besides providing emergency treatment to the patients. The symptoms of the disease include high fever, headache, severe muscle and joint pain, skin rashes etc.The ACMO and in charge civil surgeon, Bhagalpur, Dr S P Singh said, \"So far 232 patients have been found dengue positive after examination and pathological tests.\" He said it appeared that the trend was downward now in view of the ongoing sanitation drive and fogging undertaken in most parts of Sultanganj.Meanwhile, the health department and district machinery is holding camps at various places to create awareness on dengue, malaria , Japanese encephalitis and other diseases that are caused by mosquito bites and the methods to prevent them. Official sources said in Sultanganj, the third round of fogging and sanitation work was going on. Fogging is also on in Nathnagar, Pirpainty, Kahalgaon and other parts of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17136365", "title": "Tech glitch in ATMs trouble customers across north Kerala", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Faulty automated teller machines (ATMs) are giving a tough time to customers as well as bank employees across north Kerala. Many manufacturers 'dump' their third-generation ATMs, which are prone to technical errors, in small towns and rural areas.In a recent incident, a customer who wanted to withdraw Rs 4,000 got Rs 20,000 from the cash-dispensing tray of an ATM in Koduvally, thanks to a technical fault. The customers who withdrew money from the ATM on the day were later asked to report to the bank and repay the extra amount they got.A technical staffer with Wincor Nixdorf -- which provides banking hardware, software and services -- said the third-generation ATMs installed by many banks were vulnerable to technical errors. He these machines can also be hacked by any person with technical knowledge by reprogramming them.Another technician said tech-savvy fraudsters can easily extract money from old generation ATMs using the default password provided by ATM manufacturers in the service manual and available on the internet. Service engineers appointed by manufacturers to repair and maintain the ATMs usually do not change the default password to avoid confusion among them, he said, adding that the machines can be reprogrammed after collecting the administrative password by downloading the service manual of the machine from internet or with the assistance of service engineers. A technician said a hacker could change the denomination factor and withdraw cash by using the default password to enter the maintenance mode of the machine. It is easier for persons who have experience as ATM technicians to reprogramme the ATMs, he said.A technical staffer with a bank said the sensors of the third-generation ATMs were also prone to complaints as they fail to identify the exact currency notes.Closed-circuit cameras installed by banks would not help in identifying the fraudsters as they use only keypads to reprogramme the device. Onlookers, if any, also will not be able to identify the fraud as it would only look as if they are just taking a long time in withdrawing the cash, he said.Though customers won't lose money from their accounts, such technical errors cause inconvenience to them as banks want them to visit the bank and repay the extra amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17136460", "title": "Harappan people used an older form of Brahmi script: Expert", "text": "VARANASI: Is Brahmi the oldest script of India. The mysterious script of Indus Valley civilization, which is not deciphered yet may have some ancestral connection with Brahmi script can be deciphered in coming years.A palm leaf manuscript discovered from Harappan site in Afghanistan has strengthened the belief of existence of a proto Brahmi script, which was used by Indus Valley people. This discussion was raised by Dr DP Sharma, Harappan archaeologist and director, Bharat Kala Bhawan, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) in the International Conference on Harappan Archaeology held recently in Chandigarh.According to Sharma, who has carried out research works on the palm leaf manuscript with Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) for last five years, the palm leaf has Harappan as well as Kohi script engraved. \"Kohi symbols and letters have an affinity with the Harappan script and hence can be very significant in the decipherment of Harappan scripts. At the same time the palm leave manuscript has seven lines, which is the longest script recovered from any Harappan site. So far the scripts or the signs of Indus Valley script engraved on tablets, seals, potteries and other objects had not more than 18 letters or pictures,\" informed Sharma.Sharma also said, \"The script on the palm leaf runs from right to left while Brahmi script runs from right to left. The objects discovered from excavation sites indicate that they were using two scripts as few objects have right to left run of the script while some objects have left to right written scripts. However, no traces of objects with bilingual scripts has been found so far of Harappan period, which suggests that there was only one script called Brahmi and the script that Harappan people used was an older form of Brahmi called 'proto Brahmi'. During the mature Harappan period (2700 BC to 2000 BC) the direction of Harappan writing system was right to left and later on around 2000 to 1500 BC they started their writing system from left to right. The existence of no long manuscript had posed the difficulty in deciphering the Harappan script, however, the manuscript on palm leaves may solve this problem\".Sharma further strengthens his argument by quoting the DNA analysis carried out by Dr Lalji Singh, vice-chancellor, BHU . According to Sharma, the analysis by Singh suggests that the two ancient races Aryan and Dravidians were native of India and none of them came outside of our country. The Aryan and Dravidian races in India have the same genetic basis. This suggests that proto Dravidian and proto Aryan races were present in Harappan population and Harappan were using proto Dravidian and Sanskrit as their language and their script was proto Brahmi only.According to Sharma, during the conference, his research works in deciphering the Harappan scripts were also consolidated by BR Mani additional director general, ASI. \"These new researches can help a great deal in deciphering the Harappan script and once the script is deciphered a number of mysterious seals, square pieces, pottery, coins and other objects can be read and hence we can know about their trade, literature, art and other aspects of civilization,\" informed Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135378", "title": "Airlines, airport told to prepare for fog", "text": "NEW DELHI: In anticipation of fog in the coming winter months, civil aviation minister Ajit Singh has asked airlines and airport management to take all steps essential in maintaining smooth operations without inconveniencing passengers during days of low visibility. The directorate general of civil aviation held a meeting on Wednesday with Airports Authority of India, scheduled domestic airlines, foreign carriers, Delhi Airport management, Met and CISF to review fog preparedness at airports across north India.Met department has said this year the fog season is expected to last from December 10 to February 10. Director General Arun Mishra has issued specific instructions to each agency that defines their role during fog-related disruptions. Airlines have been told to ensure that an adequate number of CAT-III trained pilots, capable of flying in visibility up to 50m, are available to operate flights to and from Delhi during fog. All non-CAT-III compliant aircraft like ATRs, Q400 and CRJs should be rescheduled during the fog period to fly in the afternoons and early evenings.Airlines also have to provide information to passengers about delays, rescheduling and cancellation of flights in advance through text messages, email or phone. They will also have to keep DIAL updated on flight schedules so that the information may be available regularly on flight information display systems.With Singh stressing on passenger comfort, saying that flight cancellation should be minimized without compromising on security and that in case of disruptions, passengers should be provided with timely information, food and beverages, DGCA has asked airlines to ensure passengers are provided with basic amenities along with food at alternate airports in case of diverted flights. A senior level officer from all airlines has to be stationed at the IGI at all times during the fog season. Once the situation improves, ATC should give landing priority to diverted flights. It should also sequence aircraft and give clearance for take-off based on the start-up request to avoid congestion.The Met department should also update weather information every 15 minutes so that it can be displayed on the information display systems and on prominent media network. It also has to draw up a contingency plan to ensure continuous working of its equipment during fog.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "17136510", "title": "Dalai Lama congratulates Barack Obama", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The Dalai Lama on Wednesday congratulated US president Barack Obama on his re-election. In his congratulatory letter, the Dalai Lama wrote: \"Please accept my congratulations on your re-election to the presidency of the United States. When you were elected in 2008, you inspired the world with a call to take responsibility for the problems we face as global citizens. Since then, you have made earnest efforts to live up to that great hope and trust placed in you by the American public. I believe you have been re-elected now in recognition of that effort.\"\"As you know, it is over a year since I handed over all my political authority to the elected Tibetan leadership, but as just one among the six million Tibetans I want to thank you for your steady encouragement of our efforts to find a peaceful resolution to the problems in Tibet. I am very appreciative of your support for our Middle Way Approach, which I continue to believe is the best way for us to ensure a solution that is beneficial for both Tibetans and Chinese. Given the recently deteriorating situation in Tibet, of which the tragic series of self-immolations is a stark symptom, I hope your administration will be able to take further steps to encourage a mutually acceptable solution.\"Central Tibetan Administration also wrote to Obama stating that under his leadership, Tibetans have enjoyed warm and sincere support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17136560", "title": "Defunct for 2 years, Varkeys is now fully stocked", "text": "KOCHI: The cash tills have started ringing again at Varkeys, the supermarket chain, which went through a boom and then went bust a couple of years ago.Last week, Varkeys Retail Ventures reopened its shops on Civil Lane Road in Kochi and in Koorkenchery in Thrissur. The group is now planning to gradually spread the network across central and northern Kerala.\"We want to reopen two outlets each every month. Our strategy is to concentrate on Kochi region even as we reopen stores in Thrissur and Kozhikode,\" said Toby Alapatt, executive director, Varkeys Retail Ventures.Varkeys was originally started as a grocery shop by Varkey at Swaraj Round in Thrissur 86 years ago. It was later developed into a supermarket by his son Ittiachan in 1984.After establishing in Thrissur, the company set up shop in Kochi in 1989, where it eventually opened 26 shops. Before going bust in 2010, the chain had 56 shops with 3,000 workers and an annual revenue of Rs 200 crore.During the good times, company used to open 12 new shops annually. Those in the know say the company used up its working capital for expansion and went bust.\"We don't want the brand Varkeys to die because we had a good business and profits before closure,\" said Toby, grandson of Varkey, who is now manages the company along with his brothers P I Dennis and Seby Alapatt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17136102", "title": "Peeved with Kamat, Mickky may quit public accounts committee", "text": "MARGAO: Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco on Wednesday disclosed his plans of resigning from the membership of the public accounts committee (PAC) in protest against the continuance of ex-chief minister Digambar Kamat as its head.\"I cannot understand why no action is being taken by the government against those involved in the illegal mining scam. When he was the opposition leader and PAC chairman, Parrikar was making a big noise over the illegal mining issue. And as Digambar Kamat was the mines minister all these long years, it only points out to his failure in performing his duties. Instead of taking any action against him, he has been rewarded with the chairmanship of the PAC. This only amounts to, as the old Konkani saying goes, holding over the keys of the treasure to the thief (chorachea hatant tol'luk divop). Digambar should be arrested first (for his role in the scam),\" Pacheco told TOI.The former tourism minister disclosed his plans of resigning from the membership of the PAC in protest against the continuance of Kamat as the head of the PAC. \"Common people from the mining belt and those who had business interests in mining are suffering because of the mining crisis and for which Digambar Kamat is wholly responsible. Taking part in the committee headed by Kamat is an insult (to the people affected by the mining crisis). So far two meetings of the PAC have been held so far and I have not attended both. I will resign from this committee now,\" Pacheco said.Stating that he had protested against Kamat's appointment as PAC chief while speaking in the legislative assembly and also raised the issue with the chief minister, Pacheco wondered whether there was some \"tacit understanding\" behind the move.Pacheco's outburst assume significance as it has come in the backdrop of reports about moves by his arch rival Churchill Alemao to build ties with Parrikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17136002", "title": "Imran Khan for talks over Kashmir, bats for cricket ties", "text": "GURGAON: Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaaf chief Imran Khan , regarded as a strong prospect as Pakistan's prime minister, made all the right noises while in India on Wednesday \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from resolving the Kashmir issue through dialogue to building more trust and strengthening cricketing and trade ties to repair relations between the two nuclear-armed neighbours. There was also praise for Jawaharlal Nehru and Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar .\"The basic problem is trust and after Mumbai, it's got worse. We need a new relationship,\" Khan said at the World Economic Forum , adding that the issues needed to be resolved through dialogue and not through \"militancy and militarily\". At the same time, he asserted that unless Kashmir was resolved, there was \"always a possibility\" of Mumbai-like attacks.All along the event, attended largely by corporate chiefs, the tone seemed to be dovish although he blamed the United States for creating distrust within Pakistan and for fanning tension along the Afghanistan border through drone attacks.\"We had nothing to do with 9/11, there was no Al-Qaida and Taliban in Pakistan,\" he said while blaming the Pervez Musharraf regime for turning Pakistan into the epicenter of the \"war against terror\" and promised a new approach that will seek to get the tribal population on board. \"The key to winning the war... is winning the people in the tribal areas,\" he said.While critical of the drone attacks, Khan said Barack Obama's reelection as US president and the end of the pressure for a fresh term could alter the strategy. \"What Pakistan will be hoping for is a de-escalation of violence in Afghanistan and the drone attacks in Pakistan's tribal areas... We hope he will give peace a chance, which we so desperately need,\" he added.Khan denounced aid from the US, saying Pakistan was a \"rich country\" and would raise its own revenues to fund growth if his party came to power. At the same time, he said it would depend on China, \"Pakistan's all-weather friend\", to build infrastructure, a statement that will raise fresh concerns in India over its northern and western neighbours joining hands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17137208", "title": "Government panel okays 10 sand quarries; another 12 today", "text": "The price of sand in the state is likely to see a sharp fall if the state public works department's plan to open 10 new sand quarries in Trichy, Karur, Ariyalur, Nagapattinam, Thanjavur and Namakkal districts fructifies within a fortnight. The state environmental impact assessment authority (SEIAA), the supreme body for environment clearances in the state has given its nod for operating the 10 quarries. An additional 12 quarries are likely to be cleared on Thursday.For the first time, the agency has also laid down conditions for the PWD to check over-exploitation by unscrupulous elements. Accordingly, the PWD has to demarcate quarry sites with stones or concrete pillars to exhibit the natural bed level and permitted depth of mining. Boundary pillars have to be erected at intervals of 50 m on all four sides of the quarry site with red flags on every pillar. A taluk-level task force led by Tahsildars will have to carry out physical inspections and status of compliance has to be recorded by the committee in the register maintained at the site. At the time of closure of the quarry site, the roads and pathways should be leveled to allow the river to flow on its normal course, without artificial obstructions.The PWD has applied for environmental clearances for 49 quarries. \"The environment clearance is encouraging as the construction industry is facing a tough time due to spiraling rise of price of sand,\" government officials said. The department will soon apply for clearances from the district collectors and pollution control board to begin quarrying in these sites. A Madras High Court order in August nailed the operations of 27 over-exploited sand quarries, including that of 22 in Cauvery-Coleroon basin that were more than five years. The government was told to seek permission for fresh sand quarrying from the SEIAA within three months.Builders say that the sand quarrying in river beds of Cauvery-Coleroon is the mainstay for western and southern districts. The closure of several quarries in Karur, Trichy, Ariyalur, Pudukkottai and Nagapattinam led to price of sand skyrocketing, which either stalled or slowed down major works in the construction industry. \"Due to non-availability of sand, quality was affected and it disturbed infrastructure projects,\" CREDAI national secretary T Chitti Babu said. The cost of sand per load (two units) in Trichy, Coimbatore, Madurai and Chennai ranged between Rs 8,000 and Rs 14,000 in September and the cost rose further during the northeast monsoon. The High Court recently gave a reprieve to the state by allowing operations in the existing 10 quarries until December-end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17135674", "title": "Sri Lankan national held at airport with gold chain in shirt collar", "text": "CHENNAI: Smugglers are trying out different methods of bringing gold into the country. A Sri Lankan national was arrested at Chennai airport on Wednesday with nearly a gold chain, worth nearly 8 lakh, in his shirt collar. Last week, 55-year-old Zuraiya Mumtaz, also of Sri Lanka, was caught with 700gm of gold biscuits in her wig.Around noon on Wednesday, police said, Sajeevan of Colombo, who had arrived by an Air India Express flight, was passing through customs. Officials checked his passport and found he had been a regular visitor to the city. The aroused their doubts.They checked his baggage and found nothing suspicious. But, when Sajeevan appeared nervous, they detained him. One official found his shirt collar unusually large.They asked him to remove his shirt and found that a long gold chain, weighing about 245gm, was inserted into the collar and later sewn up.Sajeevan is the 17th Sri Lankan national arrested for gold smuggling in the last two months at Chennai airport, customs officials said adding that many from the island nation were being used as couriers to smuggle gold in. Earlier, Seguadam Mohamed Rifai, a courier, was caught and 890gm of gold hidden in an abacus, a trolley bag, a photo album and a pair of jeans seized.Sources said that at least 40kg of gold has been recovered at Chennai airport from smugglers this year.The increase in gold prices in the country has led to smugglers trying to bring in the yellow metal from abroad, officials said. While several attempts to smuggle gold in had been successful, a number of attempts had been thwarted with the help of informers, sources said. Officials said gold smuggling was a thriving business in the 1980s and 1990s when the Gold Control Act was in force, but it reduced drastically after economic liberalisation. Now, to avoid paying the heavy duty fee, even importers prefer bringing in gold illegally, customs officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17135743", "title": "Djokovic pips Murray at ATP World Tour Finals", "text": "LONDON: Serb Novak Djokovic beat the world no.3, his friend and part-time hitting partner Scot Andy Murray 4-6, 6-3, 7-5 in 2 hours and 35-minutes in a Group A clash of the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals, becoming the first player in the eight-man season finale to make the knockout stage of the competition.Djokovic, with two wins from his two matches at The O2 Arena this week, next plays Czech Tomas Berdych , who came up short against Murray on Monday, while the world no.3 will play athletic Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga on Friday.While acknowledging that Wednesday's match was close Murray said, it was decided at the fag end. \"The last two minutes of the match probably decided it,\" he said, \"He broke me from 15-40 in the eleventh game and then in the next I had him down at 15-40, but didn't break him. That was what decided the match.\"Murray attempted to make up for the lack of a sun in London's winter sky with a pair of flaming yellow shorts, that along with his electrifying shots from the back of the court lit up The O2 Arena.In the heavyweight duel of the league stage, Murray and Djokovic threw all the punches in the book and then some more, as the raucous 20,000-strong gathering cheered lustily as much for the spirit of the rivalry as for the skill the two men put on display.The result doesn't really matter, however, as both players are likely to go through to the semifinal stage. For once then, it was about the journey rather than the destination.Murray was quick off the blocks much to the delight of the crowd as the 25-year-old Scot broke his opponent in the opening game of match, a running forehand sealing the effort. That was good enough to give the Olympic gold medallist the first set.Djokovic put his foot through the door in the sixth game of the second set, setting up breakpoint with a crisp volley and then breaking the Brit with a peach of a lob. That was all the Serb needed.There were twists and turns in the decider but the Serb pulled himself together in time to break through the doors, becoming the first man from Group A to qualify for the semifinal stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17137078", "title": "2-year-old dog bite victim moved to private hospital", "text": "NASHIK: The youngest of the six victims in the Satpur dog mauling incident, Rudra Mahale (2), was shifted from Civil hospital to Prasanna Hospital at Pandit Colony on Saturday by his parents.Mahale was discharged from Civil Hospital after four days of treatment. Rudra was the worst-bitten of the six victims and the youngest. Civil Hospital nurses said that while his cheek had been stitched, he could also fully open his eyes. \"We had to wait for a few days for the sutures because the wound was open and the infection could have spread inside if we had stitched it immediately. His eyes have also opened,\" they said. But his mother Jyoti Mahale said they decide to shift him out of Civil Hospital. \"He had become very weak and was not being properly attended to at the Civil Hospital. We have shifted him to a private hospital,\" she said.The child's parents are still awaiting financial support as had been promised by city leaders at the time of the mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136127", "title": "Discom workers strike work", "text": "NAGPUR: Power services in Wathoda and Nandanvan areas were affected when around 450 employees of SNDL- the power franchisee for the city - went on mass leave for a day to press for various demands. They staged a dharna near Vidhan Bhavan from 10am to 5pm.The employees have decided to go on indefinite leave en masse from November 10 unless their demands are met by Friday. The demands include giving proper confirmation letters, overtime, night shift allowance, bonus, etc. SNDL's spokesperson was in denial about the strike saying that no employee had gone on strike. However, when TOI confronted him with facts he admitted that they had struck work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136443", "title": "Woman dies of scrub typhus", "text": "NAGPUR: A 45-year-old woman, Kanta V Bojait from Ashti town in Wardha district, died of scrub typhus (ST) on Tuesday at 7pm at the Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGGMC) where she was undergoing treatment since October 13. She is the second positive ST case reported from the region so far.Dr Sunil Agrawal, associate professor of medicine and the acting department head, told TOI that Kanta came to the hospital at a very late stage with severe complications. Since she did not have a lesion by the bite of Chiggers or Trombulid mites, which transmit the disease causing bacterium Rickettsia tsutsugamushi, doctors did not suspect ST initially.Dr Agrawal said, \"Kanta came to us nine days after suffering from high fever. Her blood sample report came positive for ST. We had already begun treating her with doxycycline, which is used for ST.\" She was kept in medicine ICU after going into multiple organ dysfunction stage. Her condition improved and she was shifted back to the ward. \"Her condition deteriorated again and she was kept on ventilator. She died on Tuesday night after multiple organ failure and suffering acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS),\" he said.Kusum Wankhede of Kolhu in Katol tehsil was the first ST case, which was reported from IGGMC by medicine head Dr PP Joshi and Dr Abhijit Nugurwar, a registrar in medicine ICU. TOI had reported this on October 23. \"We got Kanta's report on October 31 from the National Centre for Disease Control ( NCDC), New Delhi. Had she come to us in the initial stages, may be we could have saved her,\" said Dr Joshi.Since this is an uncommon and notifiable disease, Dr Vijay Kargilwar, surveillance officer from Integrated Diseases Surveillance Project of central government for Nagpur district and epidemiologist, conducted a survey at Kolhu on October 23. \"When the Ashti woman tested positive, we went back to the village on October 30 and collected samples from nine patients,\" he said.Ashti district surveillance officer Dr Nilam Somalkar conducted a survey under his area after learning about Kanta. \"Kanta, a farm labourer from ward 6 which is very close to forest area, stayed alone. Her family lives in Nagpur,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17136517", "title": "A memorable musical evening at Chandragupta Institute of Management Patna", "text": "PATNA: It was an evening of classical music at the Chandragupta Institute of Management Patna (CIMP) on Tuesday. The students and faculty of the CIMP and the guest enjoyed the excellent performance of Ashwini Bhide-Deshpande who was accompanied by Sanjoy Adhikari on tabla and Vinay Mishra on harmonium. The event was organized by Spic Macay as part of its Virasat 2012 campaign.NITP: The National Service Scheme (NSS) would be introduced to the National Institute of Technology Patna (NITP) by its director Professor Ashok De on Wednesday. A blood donation camp in the memory of late Pooja Bharti, a IVth year civil engineering student, would be organized on Thursday to initiate the NSS services. Kamini Sinha would be the NSS programme coordinator while Shailendra Kumar Mandal, Khursheed Ahmad and Pramod Kumar Yadav would be the programme officers. Registrations to get enrolled with the NSS would be open till November 9.AMA: Song, dance, fashion show and quiz contests marked the freshers' day celebrations at Advantage Media Academy (AMA) on Tuesday. Senior students welcomed the new batch.A cultural programme was organized on the occasion. Speaking on the occasion, AMA director Khurshid Ahmad said, \"AMA is committed to providing advanced studio and best teaching facilities to media aspirants and making best possible efforts to spruce up their talent.\"Audiences cheered as students tapped their feet to the latest tunes from Bollywood. Senior students of the college said freshers' party was the best way to let the new students feel at home with seniors. Also present on the occasion was its co-director Rohit Singh, faculty in charge Shweta Priya, Ajay Kumar Jha, Rajeev Kumar and C B Singh.Students who coordinated the event were Ashish Kumar, Jay Bhaskar, Dhanraj Singh and Prabhat Kumar. Amit Ranjan proposed a vote of thanks.International School: The 22nd annual function of International School, Patna would be held at the S K Memorial Hall on November 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17137355", "title": "Myths prompt villagers to steal kalasams", "text": "MADURAI: It is not just antique idols in temples that are target for racketeers, the finials (kalasam) atop the temple towers are also being stolen from many temples.The Madurai police have busted a kalasam stealing gang and arrested 13 of its members, including a former panchayat president and two government bus conductors. The police have seized three kalasams stolen from centuries-old temples in rural Madurai as well as few other temple artefacts and are interrogating if a larger network was involved.Interestingly, it is not the value of the copper kalasams that drove them to steal, but a myth that the kalasams would have attained qualities of iridium after years of exposure to lightning. They hoped to sell it at exorbitant rates to gullible people, but landed in police net.Police said the theft of kalasam from Perumal Temple near Perayur, considered to be more than 1000 years old, was detected on November 5. Special teams were formed to nab the culprits. Interrogation revealed that a larger network was involved in the theft and that the gang had also stolen kalasams from more temples.Subsequently, police arrested 12 others including Ganapathy, 50, former panchayat president of Villoor and state transport corporation conductors Thangamudi of Thummanayakanpatti and Jegaveerapandian of T Kallupatti. \"The arrested told us during interrogation that they believed the kalasams to have attained the qualities of Iridium, a rare metalThey hoped to make millions by selling the kalasams,\" a police officer said.It is not an isolated incident. Kalasam thefts have been reported across the state with alarming frequency for the past few years. On Monday night two kalasams were stolen from Kothai Parameswarar Temple, considered one among Nava Kailayams at Sangini village in Tirunelveli district. In Chinnamanur at Theni district, the authorities of MAnickavinayagar Temple guard four copper kalasams along with the jewels and mount them on the tower only during poojas. The decision was taken after three of the kalasams was stolen few years back.\"There are no possibilities for copper to acquire the qualities of iridium. It is metallurgically impossible,\" said a metallurgist. But racketeers convince gullible buyers that the copper sheets in the kalasams were now worth several crores of rupees in the international market, they extract anything between Rs 30,000 to 3 lakh for ``appraising'' the quality of the metal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17135152", "title": "Indian-Americans make big strides towards Washington DC in age of rainbow coalition", "text": "WASHINGTON: In an election notable for its minority activism and spotlight on the coalition of colored people, Indian-Americans made giant strides towards Washington DC although only one of some half dozen aspirants was on the verge of being elected to Congress.Dr Ami Bera, a US-born physician son of Indian immigrants, was poised to become only the third Indian-American elected to the House of Representatives after Dalip Singh Saund in 1952 and Bobby Jindal in 2004.Running from the California's third congressional district around Sacramento, Democrat Bera's victory celebrations were on hold on account of his narrow win margin over incumbent Dan Lundgren -- a mere 184 votes, which might involve a challenge and a recount.Several other Indian-Americans ran creditable campaigns and might draw inspiration from Bera, who lost in 2010 after polling 43 per cent votes and returned to poll a fraction over 50 per cent. Among them is fellow Californian Ricky Gill, who barely qualified to run for Congress by turning 25 just before elections and made a fist of it before falling to a veteran.Republican Gill conceded defeat after a terrific fight, losing 46-54 to incumbent Democrat Jerry McNerney in the ninth congressional district. Gill received around 73,000 votes to his rival's 86,000.Four other Indian-American candidates running on the Democratic ticket -- Dr Syed Taj, Dr Manan Trivedi, Upendra Chivukula and Jack Uppal - lost after good fights.Dr Taj, an internist who hails from Bihar and is the younger brother of former Indian MP Syed Shahabuddin, lost to Republican Kerry Bentevolio, polling nearly 44 per cent votes to his rival's 51 per cent in a Michigan district. Democrat Manan Trivedi, who is also a physician and a former Marine Corps surgeon who served in Iraq, failed to unseat Republican Jim Gerlach, who has held Pennsylvania 6th Congressional district since 2003. In New Jersey, Upendra Chivukula, who is Deputy Speaker of the state legislature also failed to unseat the Republican incumbent, but polled nearly 40 per cent votes in a traditionally GOP constituency.Meanwhile, out in Hawaii, Tulsi Gabbard, 31, an Iraq war veteran who is American and a self-proclaimed Hindu, defeated K. Crowley of the Republican Party in the Pacific state's second Congressional district.The performances augured well for Indian-Americans who are increasingly taking to politics in an era of rainbow coalitions in the United States.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136301", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation engages daily wage workers to drive its official vehicles", "text": "NAGPUR: The list of violation of rules by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) continues to grow in length. It has come to fore that the civic body has engaged aiwajdars (daily-wage sanitary workers) to drive its official vehicles.72 sanitary workers have been engaged to drive these vehicles. Some of them have been driving these vehicles for past ten years. Fortunately no major accidents have happened till date excluding one.According to the data available with the NMC, around 4,854 aiwajdars had been appointed for sweeping roads and cleaning drains. In order to fill in the posts getting vacant due to retirements, NMC's general administration department transferred around 800 aiwajdars to these departments that fell short of manpower.These aiwajdars are at present engaged in various works. Some of them are working with the water works department and are engaged in reading water meters. Interestingly some of them are working in the property tax department too.Falling short of drivers NMC directed aiwajdars having driving license to drive officials vehicles. Those who didn't have a license were directed to get one before joining as drivers. Today the number of such men has increased to 72. The sanctioned number of drivers that NMC can employ is 72. Of these 57 posts are in the fire department. To tide over the vacancy, GAD deployed 15 aiwajdars and 10 daily-wage employees to drive fire tenders which is brazen violation of fire norms.Similarly, other aiwajdars were appointed to drive the vehicles of health, mechanic, public works and other departments. Some of them were appointed to drive the vehicles of some top officials and office bearers. The vehicles of deputy mayor, chief engineer, deputy municipal commissioner, additional deputy municipal commissioner and even deputy director (health) are driven by aiwajdars.Even after getting deputed to these departments these workers are still getting the salary of a sanitary worker instead of that allotted to a driver. This issue came to fore after some workers began demanding permanent appointment as driver and also salary on par with the post.One of them told TOI that not only have they been driving these vehicles for past 10 years but also have been doing over time. \"We get a salary of 220 per day for 26 days in a month from the health department. The permanent drivers' salary is more than double of what we are given. We should be given the necessary training and recruited as permanent drivers,\" he said.Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane told TOI that he was not aware of such thing. \"I will check and initiate proper action.\" The officials of GAD were not at all ready to speak on the issue.The ruling party leader Praveen Datke's driver is an aiwajdar. In May last year, the driver dashed the car head on with a motorcycle near Ramtek. Following the accident irate mob set afire the new vehicle. Following the incident Datke has stopped utilizing NMC's vehicle, but the driver is still on the job.Datke said that employing aiwajdars as drivers is a wrong practice. \"Many of these aiwajdars have been driving vehicles since long and have got good experience. They should be given proper training and then recruited as permanent drivers. But NMC is not taking the issues seriously,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "17136027", "title": "Cancer binds Malda villagers in death grip", "text": "MALDA: Bidi binds villagers of Malda's Uttar Dariyapur together and so does cancer.Tucked away in a corner of Naoda Jadupur gram panchayat, about 20km south of Malda, nearly every household in the village has a tryst with the fatal disease. In the last one year, more than 100 people succumbed to cancer and around 100 more are counting their days.Cancer has in fact become a household name in this hamlet and has spread its tentacles to different areas like Mahajan Tola, Sardar Tola, Momin Para and Madrasa Para.Maiju Sk, 46, and Jamshed Ali, 48, of Mahajan Tola; Tahiruddin Ali, 50, and his brother Afraul Sk, 43, of Momin Para and Falni Biwi, 46, of Sardar Tola are only a handful of names on the victims' list. Only last week, Ajiul Rahman, 50, and Abdul Ajij, 47, of Jiyarat Tola died of cancer.Surprisingly, its lung cancer that most villagers have fallen prey to it. If Sadiqul Islam's lung cancer can be attributed to his smoking habit, for Jasmine Biwi the case is different. She, like the hundreds of women in the village, used to bind beedi.\"First, I got coughs but did not bother for long. Two years back, I was diagnosed with tuberculosis,\" said Jasmine. But with constant exposure to tobacco during work, her condition worsened. Six months back she was detected with lung cancer.With most of the villagers being engaged in either bidi binding or working as a daily wage earner, those battling the disease are finding it difficult to make both ends meet.Rabbul Sk of Mahjan Tola is suffering from throat cancer. He has eight children of which two are working in other states as labourers. \"But we can hardly afford such an expensive treatment. We took him to Kolkata once. Now the homeopath in the village is our only hope,\" said Rabbul's wife Momina Biwi.Sixty-five-year-old Abdul Khaleque was, however, lucky. His sons, working as migrant labourers, managed to pool in money to treat him of lung cancer. He underwent nine chemotherapy and eight radiation sessions.\"The villagers can hardly afford the expensive treatment. They hence resort to homeopath or soothsayers,\" said Rickety Khaleque, a villager.Gram panchayet pradhan of Jadupur, Asaur Rahman, conceded that hundreds of people in Dariyapur were suffering from cancer. \"We have informed this to the district health department and the district magistrate. But we received no help so far,\" Asaur said.The chief medical officer of health (CMOH) Dr Bidhan Mishra was well aware of the alarming incident. He attributed the large number of cancer cases to tobacco and arsenic poisoning. \"We are going to organize camps in these areas soon,\" said Mishra. \"The District Health Action Plan is being prepared according to which four cancer screening centres will be set up in Malda's Bamangola, Gazole, Chanchal and Kaliachak,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17138008", "title": "CM Munda sets Aadhaar deadline for Lohardaga", "text": "RANCHI: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Wednesday asked Lohardaga district officials to ensure availability of Aadhaar card issued by the Unique Identification Authority of India to every individual in the district by March. He also set a deadline of two months for computerization of land records in the district.\"Efforts of the district administration should be to bring transparency to the system and ensure 100% benefit to the common man. The problems of contract system should not be an impediment in timely execution of development projects in the state,\" Munda said after meeting the district officials on the last day of his second phase of Johar Yatra.Officials present in the meeting said the chief minister also discussed the possibilities of generating self-employment opportunities in Lohardaga. \"He advised us to start skill development training programmes for local youths on a mass scale so that they (the youths) don't have problems in sustenance,\" said an official.Munda inspected the state and national highways and instructed the officials to ensure quality wherever the work for widening and strengthening was in progress. The CM's four-day long Johar Yatra of south Chotanagpur division concluded on Wednesday. On the last day, he took stock of the development and welfare projects in Lohardaga and Ranchi districts.During the road tour, he visited four districts of Simdega, Gumla, Lohardaga and Ranchi. In the third phase, he will visit Palamu division covering Garhwa, Palamu and Latehar district. The administration in the three districts have already begun preparations for the proposed tour of the chief minister and asked the agencies involved in implementing development projects to expedite the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17135376", "title": "Allahabad High Court seeks details of FIRs against land mafia", "text": "LUCKNOW: Expressing deep concern over the alleged nexus between land mafia and top police officers in the state capital, the Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court has directed the state home secretary and additional director general (law and order) to furnish details as to how many first information reports (FIRs) were registered at different police stations in 2012 pertaining to house grabbing and illegal construction.A division bench of Justice Abdul Mateen and Justice Sudhir Kumar Saxena has further directed the state government as to what steps it has taken to curb the nexus among criminal gangs, land-grabbers, land mafia and bureaucrats as suggested in the reports of 1993 Vohra Committee and Law Commission. The court has posted the matter on December 13 for next hearing.The bench further summoned the investigating officer of a case of land grabbing lodged by Kayam Raza with Kaiserbagh police station along with the progress report. The order came in pursuance to the hearing on the petition filed by Raza seeking transfer of the investigation from local police to any other agency. Raza pleaded that he lodged the FIR against the land-grabber but instead of taking action against the accused, the Kaiserbagh police started harassing him in his collusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17138002", "title": "BPSL defers launch of steel &amp; power plant in PotkaB Sridhar", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Faced with serious land acquisition problem, Bhusan Power and Steel Ltd (BPSL) has deferred the commissioning of its Potka-based Greenfield Steel and Power project by over two years. The company has announced that the first phase of the project shall be commissioned in 2014-15. It was earlier proposed to be commissioned in 2012-13.The delay has also shot-up the capital expenditure of the integrated steel and power plant. \"When we signed the MoU with the state government in 2005 the estimated project cost was Rs10,500 crore. Now the revised estimated cost has shot up to Rs 25,000 crore,\" said BPSL executive director (projects) Ashwani Kumar Saxena.Recurring hurdles in the process of land acquisition has driven the company to adopt phase-wise production in accordance with the availability of the land.\"One MTPA steel plant and 300 MW power plant on the available land of 500 acres is what we are concentrating on for the first phase commissioning in 2014-15,\" Saxena told TOI on Tuesday.The total land need the company to set-up a 3 MTPA steel plant and 900 MW power plant is over 2,000 acres. In the first phase, the company will limit itself to the long products manufacturing while the flat products will be produced as the plant capacity is enhanced gradually.Saxena informed that the allotted coal blocks in Ramgarh district and iron ore mines in Chatuburu near Gua in West Singhbhum were sufficient for its integrated steel and power plant.Notwithstanding the strong opposition from social activists and various tribal organizations to the Greenfield project, Saxena said: \"We are serious players in the field of steel and power generation and mean business. The company will definitely come up and it will also bring about significant growth in the region.\" He described the ongoing protest of the Greenfield project by a section of the people as \"handiwork of vested interests\".\"I won't speak much on this issue but yes vested interests are behind the recurring opposition to our Potka project,\" said Saxena.With regard to the file -- vis-a-vis public hearing on pollution and environment held at the plant site in October -- lying with the Union forest and environment ministry, he said he was hopeful that the company would get the necessary clearance from the forest and environment ministry soon.\"We expect some positives to emerge on various fronts by the first quarter of the next calendar year,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17139856", "title": "Gattu goes to Dubai International Film Festival", "text": "Indian filmmaker Rajan Khosa's 'Gattu' will be part of the Cinema for Children Programme at Dubai International Film Festival to be held in December this year. Gattu has traveled to a lot of other film festival including Berlin is an optimistic and uplifting tale of an orphaned illiterate street boy called Gattu and his one great passion - flying kites that keep his spirit alive even in the bleakest of times.A magical Christmas adventure from Norway Journey to The Christman Star will be premiered at DIFF. A remake of a beloved Norwegian classic the film tells story of a courageous girl who sets out on a hazardous journey to find the Christmas star in order to free the kingdom from a curse and bring back a long lost princess, but some mighty foes try to stop her.Ernest and Celestine by Belgian author Gabrielle Vincent comes to the big screen this December. This delightful animated tale tells the story of Ernest , an eclusive bear musician who forges an unlikely friendship with a young orphaned mouse called Celestine. Alfie, the Little Werewolf, a quirky and smart film from the Netherlands is also all set to charm audiences. When the full moon rises on the night of Alfie's seventh birthday, strange things begin to happen to him, he suddenly grows sharp claws and white fuzzy hair, and begins to howl at the moon. Alfie soon realizes he is no longer a regular kid \u00e2\u20ac\u201d he has turned into a werewolf!Myrna Maakaron, DIFF's Cinema for Children programmer, commenting on this year's selection said, \"The Festival's Cinema for Children segment is designed to bring a raft of films that entertain our younger audiences enabling them to broaden their perspective and encourage them to reflect on the world around them. This year our selection promises to whisk our young audiences and the young at heart on a whirlwind journey of this year's most compelling, innovative and truly delightful international children's cinema.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17138176", "title": "Follow speed limit norms, say police", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Senior police officials on Wednesday asked traffic police authorities to adopt fresh strategy to minimise cases of road accidents. Officials said: \"Firm determination is required from both police and commuters to check cases of road accidents in terms of fatal and non-fatal category and for that there should be regular monitoring of road safety measures. Commuters should follow traffic rules and regulations in all circumstances.While a spate of activities are underway to observe traffic fortnight, traffic police officials on Wednesday appealed commuters to follow the speed limit norms.Traffic inspector, IP Singh said \"We have been interacting with commuters on busy crossing and intersections over the issue and encouraged people to follow traffic norms.\" \"Two-wheeler riders have been encouraged to wear helmets while driving,\" he added.Singh also added, \"traffic cops are also looking into road safety measures on identified streets and public cooperation was sought to make the drive successful\".The officers are also maintaining a database on road accidents, as well as accident prevention measures at 'accident prone areas' on city streets and connecting highways. A total of 27 accidental prone areas have been taken under police scanner.The report of ministry of road transport and highways revealed that accidents on national highways constitute 31% of the total accidents in the country. About 36% of total road fatalities every year occur on national highways.While the analysis of road accident data revealed that driver's fault is the single most important factor responsible for road mishaps (78%), more stress is being laid to educate and aware drivers regarding road safety norms. In the same regard, drivers of heavy vehicles were taught traffic and road safety norms at traffic police lines during the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bhagalpur/patna", "code": "17136694", "title": "NTPC exceeded generation target, claims company officials", "text": "BHAGALPUR/PATNA: The 38th establishment day of NTPC Limited was organized at Kahalgaon Super Thermal Power Station (KhSTPS) on Wednesday. A rally by the KhSTPS officials, staff and their family members including children was taken out on Wednesday morning to commemorate the occasion. KhSTPS general manager Subhashish Ghosh led the rally.Speaking on the occasion, the KhSTPS GM said that NTPC Limited had been in the service of the nation and people by not only generating electricity for the past 37 years but also providing services to the common people under its corporate social responsibility (CSR) activities. He said that the NTPC Limited has exceeded the generation target in the 11th five year plan (2007-2012). Ghosh also highlighted the achievement of KhSTPS on the occasion and urged the officials and staff to work hard with high moral values in the interest of nation and society.NTPC Barh Super Thermal Project (3300 MW), too, celebrated its 38th Raising Day on its administrative office premises. NTPC CMD Arup Roy Choudhury addressed the employees of all projects of NTPC through videoconferencing and accordingly, the NTPC Barh employees had gathered at GM (I/C) conference hall.Choudhury traced the history and growth of the company since its inception in 1975. While addressing the employees, he said that the total installed capacity of NTPC is 39,174 MW and work on many new projects was on for rapid capacity addition and plans to make it 1,28,000 MW plus company by 2032.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17136153", "title": "Teen shot dead in Punjab village", "text": "ROHTAK: A 13-year-old girl, student of Class VIII in a private school, was killed and her cousin sister injured when two motorcycle-borne men opened fire at them on Wednesday at Piddal village in Kaithal district.Sikha Kaur and her cousin Amandeep Kaur (18) were walking to the school in the morning when they were attacked by the assailants, who were apparently waiting for the girls at a secluded road around 200m from their homes.Sikha died on the spot with two bullet injuries while Amandeep was lucky to have survived a bullet injury to her shoulder and is under treatment at the local government hospital.Angry villagers blocked the Kaithal-Patiala road protesting against the failure of the cops to nab the killers. Station house officer of Cheeka police station Virender Kumar said the incident occurred around 8am when the girls were going to school. \"There are no eyewitnesses so far,\" the SHO said.\"The victim's family has no idea about who could be behind the killing or why would anyone want to kill the two school girls,\" Kaithal SSP Kuldeep Singh said.\"There has never been any incident of eve-teasing or assault on girls in the village. This has made the villagers angry and they want the police to act swiftly to unravel the mystery,\" said Tilak Raj, a villager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17135750", "title": "Power discoms adopt franchise model", "text": "GURGAON: Aiming to cut \"huge\" power theft and improve revenue realisation, Haryana power utilities have decided to allot four electricity feeders in each operation circle to private parties called as 'Feeder Distribution Associates' (FDAs) on franchise model.FDAs will be given the responsibility of power distribution and will carry out other related activities including billing and its collection from power consumers, on pilot basis, said an official spokesman of Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam and the Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam \u00e2\u20ac\u201d two power utilities in the state.Haryana has 20 power operation circles across the state. This step assumes significance in the wake of power utilities facing heavy amount of power theft that has affected their revenue realisation. As per estimates, the power utilities are facing power theft to the tune of Rs 4-5 crore per day and 30 per cent of aggregate technical and commercial (AT&C;) losses.Notably, the power utilities are also facing accumulated losses to the tune of Rs 8,830 crore because of considerable difference between cost of power supply and rate of return.\"This step (giving feeders on franchise model) will definitely improve our revenue realisation besides ensuring uninterrupted power supply to consumers,\" he said.Currently, Uttar Pradesh and Maharashtra have implemented this franchise model, he said. The Chairman and Managing Director of Haryana Power Distribution Corporation Devender Singh said the Nigams expect consistent increase in revenue realisation and considerable reduction in aggregate technical and commercial (AT&C;) losses through FDAs.Its outcome will help analyse the things at grass root level and extension of the scheme to other loss making feeders in a phased manner, he added. Singh said that notice inviting expression of interest in this regard has already been disseminated. He said that bidders can opt for power distribution for 10 years or for three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17139568", "title": "Chicken Khurana director\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s next is Jugalbandi", "text": "'Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana's director Sameer Sharma seems to have found a winning recipe for good filmmaking. After a film revolving around a chicken recipe Sameer is all set to direct a film woven around the theme of songs and music.The film to be entitled Jugalbandi would be dedicated to Sameer's grandfather, the legendary singer Mukesh. Says Sameer, \"Mukesh was my Nanajee (maternal grandfather). Neil Nitin Mukesh is my cousin. I grew up in an environment of music and food. My father is a hotelier. So I've spent much of my childhood in hotel kitchens. I guess that's where my love for food began . You see that manifested in my first film Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana . Now in my second film my love for music will be apparent.\"Jugalbandi would tell the story of two musicians, the guru and his shishya.\"Like Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana, Jugalbandi is a story written by my friend Sumit Batheja,\" says Sameer who began his career in cinema assisting Aditya Chopra on Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge .One wondered why Sameer's cousin Neil didn't feature in his first film. \"Kunnu(Kunal Kapoor) and I had planned Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana together from scratch. It was our project. There was no question of anyone else doing it.\"Sameer reveals how the film was originally planned in the Punjabi language. \"Yeah. It was planned as a Punjabi film, since the whole milieu flavour and location is Punjabi. But somewhere down the line we felt it would work better in Hindi. I think we all felt it deserved a pan-India audience.\" What works in Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana is the Punjabiyat. \"All the actors are Punjabi. We didn't want to lose out on the authenticity.We don't know how much the genuineness of the presentation works in its favour. But we haven't heard anyone say they found the film artificial in its characterization or spoken language.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17136887", "title": "Govt inaction likely to affect Jaipur Metro work", "text": "JAIPUR: The long- pending decision by the state government on provision of increased prices to the contractors of Jaipur Metro is likely hit the pace of the project.With the rise in prices of steel and cement recently, the input cost of construction for the project has increased. This has affected the project as contractors believe that the project is a loss-making effort for them and so they have started showing less interest.To maintain the momentum of the project, the state government had assured the contractors that it will increase the prices and constituted a committee to asses the issue. However, the government has not acted on the committee's recommendations so far.\"The project is time bound and even after recommendations submitted by the committee, no decision has been taken from the state government end so far. The more delay in taking the decision can affect the project in the near future,\" a highly placed source said.Officials claimed the issue will be raised in the review meeting which will be taken by the chief minister on Friday. Lalit Meghnani, project director of Jaipur Metro, said, \"The DMRC has completed around 75% civil work. We are committed and the deadline will be met at any cost. The DMRC will deploy 30% extra labour and machines.\"Jaipur Metro, if completed on time, could make a world record for the fastest construction of a Metro rail project. So far, the project has witnessed many stumbling blocks. Work at several sites on the 9.25 km-long stretch from Mansarovar to Chandpole came to a halt after the Rajasthan high court banned mining from Banas river in May. \"Recent rains have also delayed the project by two to three weeks. Now, the pace of the work has picked up and it is expected that 4-5% civil work will be completed within a month,\" an official said.The officials claimed that to ensure that the deadline for the final run of the Metro is met, the DMRC is studying possibilities of skipping the trial run for Jaipur Metro.Officials aid the DMRC is mulling an alterative plan to run those coaches already in operation on the Delhi Metro routes. \"If we bring the operational coaches from the Delhi Metro, the initial trial run will not be required as they are already tested. The trial run takes four to six months and we can manage the gap by putting coaches which are already tested and approved,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17136386", "title": "Third day of Tarang showcases fashion show, hasya kavi sammelan", "text": "KANPUR: The enthusiasm and the zest amongst the students reached its pinnacle on the third day of 'Tarang-2012', the annual cultural festival of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical college (GSVM) on Wednesday. Dasvidaniya, farewell event for outgoing batch, showcased In Vogue, fashion show and Hasya Kavi Sammelan on day three.Third day of Tarang started with art and craft activities in which several students took part and won many prizes. Events like Nukkad Natak on health and social issues, teachers' carnival and western dance competition were organized in a row which was enjoyed by both the participants and audiences.After competitions, Dasvidaniya, the Farewell party was given by para D2 to the final year students of para C2. The outgoing students also enjoyed 'antakshari' along with teachers and their juniors in this event.In Vogue-the fashion show of GSVM remained the centre of attraction for all the students on the third day of the annual cultural festival, Tarang. \"It's the best part of the year. We do lot of studies throughout the year and hardly get time for some fun. Though, the emergency duty pressure is still there but I just enjoyed it for sometime,\" said Rohit, a PG student.The students from other medical colleges like Raibareli, Rama Medical and Dental College, Maharana Pratap Medical College also enjoyed the events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "17139646", "title": "PCB approaches Inzamam-ul-Haq, Wasim Akram for special camps", "text": "LAHORE: The Pakistan Cricket Board has sought the help of former captains Wasim Akram and Inzamam-ul-Haq to prepare the national team for the upcoming tours to India and South Africa.PCB Chairman Zaka Ashraf said that both the former greats had been approached and asked to hold specialised camps.\"The idea is that we utilise the services of these two great players to help our batsmen and bowlers prepare themselves not only for the coming tours to India and South Africa but it will also allow our bench players to improve themselves,\" Ashraf said.Pakistan will be in India from December 22 to play two Twenty20 internationals and three one-day matches before moving to South Africa for a full Test tour that will last till March next year.Ashraf said the decision to utilise the expertise of both these players was taken at the meeting of the executive coordination committee.\"We have spoken to Wasim and Inzamam and both have given their consent to have specialised camps,\" he said.The PCB chief said the duration and dates for these camps would be decided soon depending upon the domestic calendar and availability of both the players.\"We will give them a group of bowlers and batsmen and while Wasim will work with the bowlers Inzamam will be helping out the batsmen,\" he added.While Wasim has held a bowling camp in the past for the PCB, this is the first time that Inzamam, who is the most capped player for Pakistan with 120 Tests and 378 ODIs, will be working on an official assignment for the PCB.Ashraf expressed confidence that the camps would help the players prepare well for the coming tours.\"I am really heartened by the response of Wasim and Inzamam and their willingness to help the players. They have been great players and their experience will definitely help our players in India and South Africa,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17136178", "title": "News channel office attacked", "text": "HYDERABAD: Supporters of Congress MP Lagadapati Rajagopal attacked a news channel's office in Jubilee Hills late on Tuesday night and damaged its glass panes.On Tuesday at about 11.30 pm, two miscreants entered CVR news channel's office near Film Nagar X Roads. The miscreants pelted stones and damaged the glass facade of the building and windshield of a car parked there. They also pushed away employees of the news channel who tried to intervene, Jubilee Hills inspector D V Pradeep Kumar said.Alerted by the channel staff, police rushed to the spot and nabbed the duo, who were trying to escape. The culprits have been identified as Ajay, an event manager, and Ravi Kiran, a private contractor from the city. Ravi worked as a contractor at Lanco's real estate venture in Bangalore. They confessed that they were upset with a negative story on Lanco aired on CVR channel. \"They attacked the channel office in an inebriated condition,\" inspector said. Cases have been booked under sections 452, 427 and 506 of the IPC and the duo was remanded in custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17138083", "title": "Motivational lecture at Allahabad University today", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On the occasion of the 125th anniversary of Allahabad University, a motivational speech, by Caption Navin Gulia, has been organised by the research association and AU student union. Gulia will be speaking on positive outlook which is the key to success at the programme on November 8 at the Senate Hall of the university.Chief guest at the function would be Vice-Chancellor of the university Prof A K Singh while dean of student welfare (DSW) Prof R K Singh would also be present.Captain Gulia is a motivational speaker of international repute who has spoken at premier educational and training establishments across the country and abroad. He talks about his concept of 'Infinite ability' and about how to overcome unsurpassable obstacles and repeated setbacks in life and still go on to succeed.Besides, Gulia is a world record holder in all-terrain driving in his modified vehicle from New Delhi to Marsimik La at 18,632 feet, the highest motorable mountain pass in the world, 1,200 feet higher than base camp of Mt Everest, in a non-stop drive of 55 hours without break and crossing seven of the world's highest mountain passes on the way.A record that stands un-challenged and un-defeated for six years now. Rock climbing, para-jumping, sky-diving, powered hang-gliding and microlite flying, are other adventure sports pursued by Capt Gulia.Among various recognitions, Gulia has been awarded with President's National Role Model 2007, Chief of Army Staff Commendation 2005, Karmaveer Puruskar by Icongo 2009, Times of India 'Global Indian\" 2005, Limca Book 'People of the year' 2005, Godfrey Phillips 'Mind of Steel' 2010, State Award for Adventure Sports 2004, Cavinkare Ability Mastery Award 2006 and been named among CNN IBN Heroes 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17136218", "title": "Case filed against Gadkari for IQ remark", "text": "KANPUR: A criminal complaint was filed against BJP president Nitin Gadkari here on Wednesday by Kripesh Tripathi alias Kripa Shankar Tripathi for his reported remarks on IQs of Swami Vivekanand and mafia don Dawood Ibrahim.The complainant, a resident of Parmat Gwaltoli area of the city, charged the BJP president under Section 153-B/295A/298/500/504 IPC and urged summoning of the accused to face trial for the offence committed by him and punished as per the law.Complainant Kripesh Tripathi stated in his petition that the BJP president had deliberately said that IQ of both Swami Vivekanand and Dawood Ibrahim would be same...\" Nitin Gadkari, who was a key-note speaker at the felicitation programme of Ojawani in Bhopal held recently, had compared the IQ of Vivekanand and notorious underworld don Dawood Ibrahim and termed them as same.In his petition, Tripathi claimed that IQ was a technical term and it could not be used in such a generalized manner. IQ could be measured by estimating so many factors and Gadkari had intentionally used those words to hurt the faith and followers of Swami Vivekanand, the complainant added.Explaining his assertions, Tripathi said that IQ was often measured because it correlates well with success in a variety of life events. People with high IQs generally finish a higher level of education, have larger income, do better jobs, have lower violent crime rates and have better health.\"The BJP president's assertions are willful prejudice to the extent that they affect national integration as they compare hated don Dawood Ibrahim with founder of modern India Swami Vivekanand,\" Tripathi pleaded. He alleged that Gadkari had intentionally and with malafide intentions made false representation about Swami Vivekanand and Dawood Ibrahim and being follower of Vivekanand, the complainant himself and others felt let down.The statement made by the BJP president was without logic, hence it amounts to a deliberate statement aimed at hurting the religious feelings of followers of Vivekanand, he said.The court, after going through the complaint, ordered to register the case and fixed November 23 as next date for the statement of complainant.In support of his complaint, Kripesh Tripathi submitted cuttings of newspapers and IQ estimation kit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135561", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcCops must be more proactive to stop bail for career criminals\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: As more details emerge of the rape of a Spanish woman and the series of robberies in Bandra in the wee hours of Monday, the question that everyone is asking is why was the arrested accused, Anwar Mohammed Ansari, a 28-year-old career criminal, able to get bail time and again.Ansari had over 20 cases against him, including a molestation and house-break one in 2008 for trying to rape a Chinese in her Khar flat and, in 2011, a robbery in the Worli house of former minister Rohidas Patil. Shockingly, he was arrested last week for a robbery at actor Dino Morea's house, thanks to a tracker on a cellphone he had stolen. The loot worth Rs 12 lakh was recovered. Yet, he was out on bail within a few days and on November 5, attacked the Spanish woman.Legal experts say when it comes to bail, the police, the judiciary and law-makers need to distinguish between an offender and a criminal. \"A criminal lives off crime. All criminals are offenders, but all offenders are not criminals. It's for the police to point out to the judge at the time of bail that the accused is a professional criminal,\" said veteran crime law counsel Shrikant Bhat.A more concrete response lies in ensuring that the police speed up chargesheets and trial begins early so that repeat offenders or those who committed heinous crimes and are a threat to society can be put away in jail, said prominent crime and constitutional law counsel Amit Desai. \"In cases like burglaries in which the same offender is caught again and again, the police slip up in not filing simpler chargesheets within the minimum possible days to ensure trials are shorter and speedier. When cases remain pending for long, the courts are bound to grant bail\"Another serial criminal Vijay Palande, who had been involved in serious crimes like murder, had got bail after the police failed to highlight his criminal past and the fact that he had jumped parole. The result: he is accused of murdering film producer Karankumar Kakkar and Delhi-based businessman Arunkumar Tikku while on bail.\"It has been the experience for most lawyers that the police do not brief the prosecutors adequately on the criminal background of the accused. It is also true that some prosecutors are unprepared. Often, the chargesheet is not filed within 90 days and, under the law, the accused then has to be freed on bail on technical grounds,\" said advocate Bhat.Another effective step not taken against Ansari is externment. A habitual criminal can be externed from Mumbai under Section 56 the Bombay Police Act, 1951, by the police commissioner, said Bhat. He added that under another section, the state government can extern professional criminals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135509", "title": "PIL seeks compensation for inflated power bills", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday posted for December 5 a PIL demanding compensation from government and a discom for inflated bills. The PIL, filed by one Sri Chand Jain, also asked the court to issue directions to the government and other authorities to \"stop the recovery of incorrect bills issued to the consumers\".The PIL alleged that the meters installed by distributing company BSES Yamuna Power Ltd were fast and gave incorrect readings.It added that the company started issuing bills \"without verifying the defective meters\" and \"without replacing the fast meters\" even while admitting that their devices were defective.Jain claimed there have been several instances where customers were harassed due to inflated bills and despite protests their pleas were ignored. Instead, they were forced to pay fine for delayed payment of the inflated bills.The PIL accused the Delhi government and the DERC of being unable to regulate discoms, affecting the rights of the customers.The PIL also claimed that the dis-com hiked the power tariff, despite a committee concluding that they made profits.It arraigned Delhi government, Central Electricity Regulatory Commission, BSES Yamuna Power Ltd, Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission as parties and further sought directions to the state government to issue guidelines for determination of electricity tariff by bidding process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17136659", "title": "Kochi to host international conference", "text": "KOCHI: The Kochi corporation along with Mumbai-based All India Institute of Local Self Government (AIILSG) will organize an International local self-government conference in February, 2013. The conference will be held with the intention of improving efficiency of local bodies and also to seek co-operation in technology and financial matters.Representatives from local self-governing bodies in Asia-Pacific countries will attend the meeting. The decision was announced after a meeting held between Kochi mayor Tony Chammany and AIILSG chief adviser A N Shetty at Thiruvananthapuram on Wednesday. Ahead of the conference, a meeting of All India mayors' council will be convened in Kochi. T he conference will be held with the support of United Cities Local Government-an association of local self-governing bodies across the world. Talks were also held with minister for local self government M K Muneer. Department of urban affairs and Kerala Institute of Local Administration will also associate with the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17136094", "title": "Almost two years later, Cipriano is laid to rest", "text": "MAPUSA: Twenty-two months after he allegedly died in custody, Cipriano Fernandes' body was finally laid to rest on Wednesday evening at the Immaculate Conception church at Moira. His family has vowed that they will continue seeking justice for their deceased kin till the guilty are punished.\"The killers of Cipriano should hang to death on the lines of Ajmal Kasab ,\" Cosme Fernandes, a relative of Cipriano, said minutes before the final rites could be conducted. \"The police who are protectors have turned killers; there is no law and order in the state,\" he said. \"We will fight in the High Court and if required in the Supreme Court to seek justice for our beloved brother.\"The state government has written to the central bureau of investigation (CBI) on November 2 to expedite the process of taking over the case.Cosme Fernandes told TOI that nine months after the death of Cipriano, the state government has referred the case to the CBI, but they had not taken up the investigations until yet. \"The state government is not cooperating with the CBI; they are yet to initiate investigations in the case,\" he said.The Goa Suraj Party (GSP) has also taken up the issue, to seek justice for Cipriano.\"Goa Suraj Party began from Moira, Cipriano was a Moidekar, we will not take rest until we take up the case to the logical end,\" said Floriano Lobo of the GSP.The youth wing of the GSP will initiate a campaign to seek justice for Cipriano he said. Silvano Sapeco, head of forensic medicine at the Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, had approached the JMFC, Panaji, to direct relatives to take custody of Fernandes's body.The 38-year-old seafarer was picked up by the Panaji police from his aunt's residence in Porvorim on the evening of January 7, 2011, and placed under 'preventive measure' after his girlfriend complained that he threatened her with a knife at her house in Caranzalem. He died on January 9, 2011, two days after he was arrested by the Panaji police, due to head injury. The policemen also face charges for destruction of evidence in the case.Three policemen, PI Sandesh Chodankar, PSI Radesh Ramnathkar and head constable Sandip Shirvaikar, have been suspended for procedural lapses in the arrest that led to the custodial death of Cipriano, based on the interim report submitted by Dy SP Bossuet Silva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17137204", "title": "US consulate registers complaint of visa fraud", "text": "VADODARA: In yet another incident of bogus documents being used for traveling to USA, the detection of crime branch (DCB) has arrested a travel agent who used to provide such papers for a fee.The scam surfaced came after security officer of the American Consulate General in Mumbai approached the crime branch and registered a complaint against Bharat Soni and two others on Tuesday night.Investigators suspect that Soni used to send people illegally to foreign countries by using forged documents. The police is now looking for the couple that tried to seek visa for traveling to USA with the help of bogus documents.According to the police complaint, Vikrant Soni and Arpita Patel had approached the consulate on October 16 to seek visa for traveling to California. \"Soni and Patel claimed that they were married and wanted to travel to USA for honeymoon. The duo also claimed that they had to attend a family function in California. They submitted several documents for visa including property documents, salary slip, sponsorship letter and affidavit,\" the police said.\"The consulate officials interviewed them and later crosschecked the documents. During investigations, the officials found that most of the documents were bogus. The salary slip, property and jewellery documents, sponsorship letter and affidavit were not factual,\" DCB police inspector Jatin Prajapati said.The sponsorship letter of one Dhruti Shah based in USA was also forged and the police are now trying to confirm whether such person exists or a fake name was used. Soni, who works for a leading pharmaceutical firm, had claimed that Shah was his cousin. Also the salary slip had inflated figures.When the consulate officials confronted the duo with the facts, they admitted to have forged documents and revealed that a city-based travel agent, Bharat Soni had provided them the documents. The cops also raided his office in Fatehgunj and found dozens of documents including sponsorship letters, application forms and affidavits.\"Soni gave them the forged documents for Rs 85,000. The couple admitted that they were not married. We are now trying to find out their intention behind seeking the visa. The couple is yet to be arrested,\" said Prajapati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17137270", "title": "Four teens arrested for minor\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s rape", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Police on Wednesday said they arrested four teenagers on Tuesday for allegedly raping a 13-year-old girl at Raikia in Kandhamal district on October 27. Search is on for two other accused.Reports said at least six persons had kidnapped the girl while she was returning to her uncle's home after watching a musical show during Durga puja and later raped her. The victim had called up her mother who lives in Bhubaneswar and narrated the incident. On returning to Bhubaneswar, she along with her mother had lodged a complaint with Mahila police on October 31.The Mahila police transferred the case to Kandhamal police since the incident had taken place at Raikia. \"We have arrested four persons and they have confessed to the crime,\" said G Udayagiri SDPO S Bariha. The accused are aged between 15 and 19 years and school dropouts from Raikia, he said, adding that search is on for the absconding duo.This is the second incident of gang rape in Kandhamal district during the puja. A minor was raped and murdered at Simanabadi in Daringibadi police station area on October 25. The police had recovered the body from a forest area the following day.Police had arrested three persons, including a minor boy, for their alleged involvement in the crime. The trio had kidnapped the girl and raped her before killing her inside the jungle on the same night. The incident took place when the victim was going to see a at Simanbadi on the occasion of Durga Puja. The boy, who was spurned by the girl, allegedly raped and murdered the girl to take revenge. The other two accused had assisted him in the crime, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17136181", "title": "'Karnataka Gowli wed to Goa Dhangar not OBC'", "text": "PANAJI: In a significant order, the state caste scrutiny committee has held that a member belonging to the Gowli community of Karnataka and married to a Goan belonging to the Dhangar community is not entitled for an other backward class (OBC) certificate.The verdict is in view of Suggubai B alias Rashmi Rajan Lambor being elected as a zilla panchayat member on a seat reserved for OBC in March 2010.The committee decided the case following directions from the high court where her election as a 14-Dharbandora ZP member was challenged.The three-member committee chaired by P Krishnamurthy quashed and set aside the caste certificate issued to Lambor by the deputy collector of Quepem on February 4, 2010.\"The conjugal union of husband and wife under Family Laws speaks of social obligations alone, and by virtue of this, cannot claim constitutional reservations. Therefore, applicability of the provisions of Family Laws, with regard to conjugal union, cannot be considered to claim constitutional reservations in the present case,\" states the order.The committee also stated, \"It is crystal clear that the Gouly-Dhangar of Goa, when subjected to the five criteria scale of government of India, ministry of tribal welfare, 1981, present an appropriate case of a tribal community deserving the status of a schedule tribe (ST) under Article 342 of Indian Constitution.\"The Gowli community in Karnataka state is an OBC, whereas Dhangars or Gowlis of Goa form a relatively insulated and isolated, scattered ethnic group, fully deserving to be ST.\"While holding that the Gouly community of Karnataka is not akin to Dhangars or Gowlis of Goa, the committee opined that the respondent (Lambor) on the strength of anthropological and ethnological traits, deity, rituals, customs, mode of marriage, death ceremonies, method of burial of dead bodies etc also cannot be considered as belonging to the OBC community in the state of Goa.The committee further held that the respondent's marriage to an OBC person in the state of Goa and thereafter her migrating to Goa would also not have entitled her to claim the OBC status of her husband.\"The finding of the superintendent of police that Lambor belongs to the 'Gowli community' which is recognized as OBC in the state of Goa is (also) not acceptable,\" stated the committee in its order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17136318", "title": "Bear, black buck die at Kanpur zoo", "text": "KANPUR: The Kanpur Zoo on Wednesday suffered a dual loss as a 23 year old Himalayan black bear and a male black buck (an antelope specie) died. Both animals belong to endangered species and come under the Schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972.While the Himalayan black bear at the city zoo died possibly due to internal injury it sustained after falling from a tree in September, the black buck died in a territorial fight with another male deer.It is important to mention here that it is the second death of a male black buck in the past week, after a male deer died for the same reason.Talking to TOI, director Kanpur Zoo K Praveen Rao said after the death of the bear who was named Jamvant, the Kanpur zoo is left with five bears of the specie.Praveen Rao added that the bear had fallen from a tree in September and sustained internal injuries though it had been living and eating normally.Therefore, the cause of its death could be known only after histo-pathological report from the Indian Veterinary Research Institute (IVRI), he said.Rao added that the zoo did not have space enough to house more bears, therefore, they had stopped the animals from breeding for sometime.\"Jamvant was undergoing medical treatment of zoo veterinarians Dr R K Singh and Dr U C Srivastava for five days. But it could not be saved and died on the intervening night of Tuesday and Wednesday,\" said Rao.Explaining about the cause of death of Black Buck, Praveen Rao said that the black buck has died in fight with other male over territority.He said that the post-mortem examination of the two animals has been done by the two Zoo Veterinarians before cremation and the viscera samples collected have been sent to Indian Veterinary Research Institute (IVRI), Bareilly, for further examination.Rao also informed that IVRI samples of both animals had been sent to a private pathology in the city and it would be handing over viscera examination report in a couple of days, while IVRI report may take some time. Rao came down heavily on the zoo staff for not segregating the male black bucks who fight for dominance in their enclosure. \"I have issued show-cause notice to the keeper Bharat, head keeper K C Kandpal, forest guard Kamal and forester J P Awasthi for not taking optimum care.It was required to separate the males kept in one particular enclosure and to shift them in another enclosure so that they don't fight, but this much was not done. This became cause of fresh fight between the male black bucks and one of them was killed,\" said the zoo director. He added that necessary action would be taken staff found at fault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135534", "title": "Activists seek damages over waiting charges", "text": "MUMBAI: After the Bombay high court raised a question over auto and taxi commuters having to pay waiting charges, consumer rights activists demanded that the transport department should pay compensation for the confusion and fleecing of thousands of commuters over the extra charges. They also said the amount should be deposited in a consumer welfare fund.\"There is no transparency as the waiting charge is not mentioned on the tariff card,\" said passenger rights activist Varsha Raut. Another activist said it was justified to demand the damages as some drivers had been fleecing passengers, citing \"waiting period\".A source said the MMRTA may write a line on waiting charges on cards and upload it on its websites. \"We plan to tell commuters how they are being charged,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17135725", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSecond wife eligible for maintenance\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Aurangabad bench of the Bombay high court has ruled that a man is required to pay maintenance to his \"second wife\" too. The court made this observation while upholding a lower court judgment directing the man, a retired school teacher, to pay monthly maintenance to the 38-year-old woman.The woman, a resident of Mankeshwar in Bhoom taluka of Osmanabad district, got married in 1999 though she knew that the teacher was married earlier. In fact, she went to live with him in the same house in which he was living with his first wife. The teacher had decided to re-marry as he had no children from the first marriage.The petitioner's lawyer, Sudarshan Salunke, told TOI that his client co-habited with the teacher but still remained childless. He said the woman was ill-treated and finally driven out of the house on November 1, 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17137134", "title": "Civic corp told to shut open meat shops", "text": "NASHIK: The standing committee of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on Wednesday issued fresh orders on the closure of meat shops operating in the open across Nashik.The move came a week after the standing committee's directive on the issue on November 1, directing the civic administration to shut all open meat shops in the city at the earliest.Congress member Dinkar Patil said that no action had been taken against the open meat shops even a week after the decision had been taken by the standing committee. \"The negligence of the NMC officials towards such major issues is really a matter of grave concern for us,\" Patil said. Committee chairman Uddhav Nimse asked health officer S G Hiray to clarify actions that had been taken on the issue. \"A written directive has been given to all divisional officers and they have been strictly instructed to shut all open meat shops in their divisions,\" Hiray said.The decision over issuing a fresh directive was taken after all party members sought the attention of the NMC administration on the sale of meat at open spaces since it was attracting stray dogs.Meanwhile, the proposal to develop gardens at two open spaces at Vidhate Nagar and Kurdukar Nagar in Prabhag 38 by a Nashik-based firm, Ashoka Buildcon Ltd, on a sponsorship basis was approved at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17138003", "title": "Teacher recruitment racket busted", "text": "RANCHI: The district administration on Wednesday detained a woman associated with Maa Viashno Gramin Udyog Vikas Kendra from Hinoo for allegedly alluring educated youths with the promise of appointing them as teachers at government schools in rural areas.The officials recovered around 8,000 applications collected by the NGO against a draft of Rs 100 each during the raid. The team was led by sub-divisional officer (SDO) Ameet.\"We had prior information about one of the NGOs operating from the airport road area in Hinoo having invited applications to fill posts of teachers for alternate and informal education in rural schools. Today, we raided the office of Maa Vaishno Gramin Udyog Vikas Kendra and found that around 8,000 people had already applied for the post against a vacancy of 12000,\" said the SDO.During preliminary interrogation, the woman said the NGO had authorization letter from Union ministry of human resource development to recruit 12000 Class X pass candidates, for the post of a teacher to take alternate and information education classes. They would be entitled to Rs 1,900 honorarium every month.\"The woman was not able to provide any document to support her claims. We are trying to verify the claims of the woman. In case, she fails to provide documents to support her claim, we will lodge an FIR and proceed further with the investigation,\" Ameet said. The director of the NGO has also been asked to be present in the city for the inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17134956", "title": "Hunger strike to show solidarity with Irom Sharmila", "text": "IMPHAL: Members of the Extrajudicial Execution Victim Families Association, Manipur (EEVFAM) on Tuesday staged a huger fast here to show solidarity with Irom Sharmila Chanu's relentless struggle against the Armed Forces Special Powers Act ( Afspa).The members along with their parents demonstrated at the fasting site of the Sharmila Kanba Lup, a women's body set up to support Sharmila's cause at Porompat, close to her residence in Imphal East.Incidentally Sharmila entered the first day of her 13th year of her fast against the military act on Tuesday.\"We went on a one-day hunger strike to show solidarity with Sharmila as she completed 12 years of fast against the act,\" said Renu Takhellambam, an EEVFAM leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17139475", "title": "CBI officer Suresh Kumar Palsania, who was probing 2G scam, dies", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI official Suresh Kumar Palsania, who meticulously investigated the 2G spectrum scam, died here on Wednesday night due to a blood disorder.44-year-old Palsania, who was termed as one of the bright officers of the agency, passed away at a private hospital in South Delhi due to a terminal illness.Hailing from Rajasthan, Palsania was a 1996 batch IPS officer of Odhisa cadre and was working with the CBI since 2006.An engineering graduate, Palsania, who was posted as Deputy Inspector General with the CBI, was a recipient of this year's Police Medal for meritorious service announced on the Republic day.CBI Director A P Singh, who is at present in Rome for Interpol Conference, expressed shock over the sad demise of Palsania.\"We are all crushed and shocked. He was one of the best officers of the CBI,\" Singh told .Palsania filed chargesheet in the 2G case booking the then telecom minister A Raja and DMK leader Kanimozhi, besides a number of top honchos of telecom companies.Palsania had walked out of a meeting with a senior government law officer who wanted to discuss the strategy on 2G case with him along with the lawyer of the former telecom minister A Raja, who was in jail.He had recently visited Malaysia and other countries to pursue the quick processing of the Letters Rogatory in connection with the case.Palsania also initiated a probe in the Commonwealth Games scam and was also in the two-member team that went to London to probe Suresh Kalmadi's role in the Queen's Baton Relay controversy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17135588", "title": "Cops chase and nab 2 burglars in Tiruvallur", "text": "CHENNAI: Three policemen chased and caught two burglars trying to escape after breaking into a house in Tiruvallur on Tuesday afternoon, while another burglar escaped.A woman, on noticing three men rushing out of her neighbour's locked house, called up police who then formed a network across the district to nab the culprits.Police officers Ragavan, Selvaraj and Shanmugam of special branch CID, found something suspicious about the movements of three men riding on a bike, and cornered them near the Kadambathur railway gate. Then men tried to flee.However, police chased and nabbed two of them who turned out to be the burglars who had struck the house. The third one got into a nearby sugarcane field and could not be traced. The nabbed suspects were taken to the Tiruvallur town police station. \"We suspect these men may have been involved in other offences. We are interrogating them. Teams are trying to nab their associate,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135695", "title": "Ajit Singh interfering with duty hours, pilots tell court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Accusing civil aviation minister Ajit Singh of undue interference, the Association of Indian Commercial Pilots has moved the Delhi High Court against the new flight duty hours.The petition, which is likely to be taken up for hearing on Thursday, blames Singh for tinkering with the duty hours of pilots without consulting them or the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) as is mandatory.Arguing that it was the sole prerogative of the DGCA to lay down maximum daily hours to be flown by pilots, the maximum daily duty hours as well as the daily landings permitted by a pilot, the pilots alleged that the minister had stepped beyond his jurisdiction.The petition said even private airlines couldn't set their own flight and duty time limitations (FDTL), yet the minister went ahead in September and decided that the FDTL for Air India pilots will be revised upwards. The pilots claimed the minister also directed AI to implement the revised duty hours along with revised route allocations in gross violation of statutory laws.\"Bilateral agreements that protect pilots have been interfered with and revised by a third party which violates constitutional rights,\" the pilots said in their petition, urging the court to intervene and quash the revised duty hours.The pilots claimed Singh had failed to discharge the function as a \"neutral nodal minister\" for the airline industry but had taken a decision to influence Air India on FDTL that posed a threat to safety of the aircraft apart from violating Civil Aviation Requirement (CAR) rules.The petition also said that since 1965, any change in FDTL was made after negotiation with pilots followed by approval of the DGCA. Yet, this time, in blatant disregard of established practices and conventions, the minister had issued new duty hours, the pilots complained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17136192", "title": "Over 2.5 crore students take pledge against tobacco use", "text": "PATNA: More than 4,000 students from several government and private schools of Patna on Wednesday took a pledge at the Gandhi Maidan against consuming tobacco, cigarettes, paan, gutka or bidi, to mark the World Cancer Awareness Day. Over 2.5 crore school students across the state simultaneously took the same pledge that was administered by deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , who urged them not only to avoid tobacco and related products but also request their friends and parents not to use it.In what is a first of its kind in the country, Modi also advised the teachers against tobacco consumption as they were role models and had a responsibility towards students and society. \"More than 2,500 people in our country die everyday due to diseases caused by tobacco and its related products. I would also appeal to the CMs of other states to organize such 'no-tobacco pledge' programmes at school level every year as it will surely have long term benefits,\" he said.Bihar is 6th in tobacco consumption across the nation. \"Not only Bihar is among the 16 states that has banned 'gutka', the tax here on cigarettes is 20% and we plan to increase it as well to discourage smokers,\" Modi said, adding, \"Cancer to a person devastates his family as all savings are spent on the treatment of the disease.\"Modi said he would call a meeting of leading hotel managers to tell them that if people were found smoking at their hotels, they would be fined as well. He advised the children to politely tell the persons smoking at public places that it was prohibited.The event was telecast at schools in Gaya, Muzaffarpur, Begusarai and Bhagalpur through videoconferencing. Also present on the occasion were Amarjeet Sinha, principal secretary, education department, and noted surgeon Dr A A Hai.\"Students can become an agent of change. We plan to develop a 'Mission Manav Vikas Cadre' in all government schools of Bihar that will sensitize students, parents and teachers on important issues such as safe drinking water, anaemia among girl students and early marriage of girls,\" Sinha said.National president of Cancer Awareness Society, T P Sinha said, \"Currently 53% of the state population uses tobacco and its products. The state government's decisions to observe a 'Pledge Day' and ban the sale of gutka in the state would help bring down their consumption to 35% (national average) in next three years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "17136000", "title": "CPM gheraoes police station", "text": "MIDNAPORE: A police constable and a home guard were reportedly heckled by a group of 300 CPM activists who had gheraoed Kotwali police station on Wednesday afternoon. Led by the party's West Midnapore district secretariat member Bijoy Pal and zilla parishad member Gour Maity, the CPM activists demonstrated for two and a half hours to protest against the arrest of a party cadre last week.On November 1, Ayub Khan was arrested after police found a pipe gun in his house. But CPM leaders alleged that he was being framed. West Midnapore SP Sunil Chowdhury said demands of agitators would be looked into.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135557", "title": "Delhi govt approves 3 extra LPG cylinders to the poor", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government on Wednesday approved the proposal to supply three additional subsidized LPG cylinders annually to about 3.56 lakh poor families under the kerosene-free Delhi scheme.The Centre had decided in September that each household will get six cylinders of 14.2kg per annum at subsidized rates, and any purchase beyond that would be at the market rate. The market rate of an LPG cylinder is Rs 895.5, while a subsidized cylinder costs Rs 410.Chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Wednesday announced that the Delhi government would give three more subsidized cylinders to the beneficiaries of the kerosene-free Delhi scheme. \"All the beneficiaries of the Kerosene-free Delhi scheme will get nine subsidized cylinders instead of six,\" Dikshit said.The Delhi government had launched the scheme in August, distributing free gas stoves, cylinder and regulator to all families covered under BPL, Antyodaya Anna Yojna and Jhuggi ration card.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chintamani (chikkaballapur dist)", "code": "17137641", "title": "Cops booked for death in custody absconding", "text": "CHINTAMANI (CHIKKABALLAPUR DIST): Three police officers are on the run after Chintamani police filed cases against them for custodial death.The absconding officers are Chintamani circle inspector Manjunath, Sidlaghatta circle inspector KN Ramesh and Chintamani rural station sub-inspector Krishnamurthy. The victim, Manjunath of Hindaganala village in Hoskote taluk, was picked up a couple of days ago with three others over theft of a cement-laden lorry.The arrested were being interrogated at Chintamani police station when Manjunath reportedly complained of chest pain late Tuesday evening. Police took him to Jalappa Medical College, Kolar, where the doctors declared him brought dead.Soon, Manjunath's relatives assembled near Jalappa Hospital demanding action against the police officers.Central range IG Amar Kumar Pandey rushed to Kolar and visited the hospital to get details about the incident. As a case of murder was booked against the three police officers, they fled the scene on Wednesday morning.Meanwhile, expecting trouble, the police have clamped prohibitory orders under Section 144 of the CrPC in Chintamani from Wednesday morning till 8am on Thursday. Additional police forces have been rushed to Chintamani from neighbouring police districts Kolar, Bangalore rural and other places.It may be recalled that tension prevailed for a couple of days in Chintamani last month after the death of a police head constable Krishna Reddy in group clashes that took place during Ganesha immersion procession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17134982", "title": "Blast near Imphal airport injures five", "text": "IMPHAL: Militants triggered an IED explosion in the Ghari area near Imphal airport on Wednesday, injuring five persons, including two army personnel. The spot is also close to a unit of 18 Sikh Regiment.The underground cadres, who are fighting to restore Manipur's past sovereignty, have been frequently targeting security forces with IEDs across the state since September 5. Chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh had advised security forces to always remain alert and strengthen local intelligence network.A water tanker of the Sikh Regiment passed the spot a few moments before the bomb went off around 9.30 am, injuring three people severely. Two army personnel sustained minor injuries due to the impact of the bomb. They were given first aid at their unit hospital.Additional forces were rushed to the area after the incident. The injured have been identified as P Rohan (16), a Class XI student, N Dilip (33) and Kh Shanti Devi (60).While Rohan was travelling in his school bus, N Dilip was driving a van when the bomb exploded. They were rushed to the Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (Rims), a source said. He added that they are out of danger. No group has claimed responsibility for the blast.Two more IEDs planted by rebels to target security forces were detected at different places in Thoubal district on Wednesday. Bomb experts retrieved the explosives and detonated them.The injured were rushed to the Regional Institute of Medical Sciences, a source said. He added they are out of danger. No group has claimed responsibility for the blast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17137216", "title": "Warming up to cadaver transplants", "text": "TRICHY: Slowly, awareness about cadaver transplants is increasing among people in Trichy, with hospitals also contributing to the situation. Greater awareness is helping terminally ill patients get a new lease of life from brain dead patients whose organs, chiefly the cornea, kidney, liver and heart valves are harvested. Two hospitals - Assured Best Care (ABC) at Annamalai Nagar and Cauvery Medical Centre at Thennur - have been authorized by the government to perform kidney transplantations.Both these hospitals have handled at least 15 such operations each.While some doctors are prone to \"creating awareness\" about these \"medical marvels,\" others think it is unethical to propagate these operations as if it is an achievement of a particular hospital. For instance, on Wednesday morning, Madhumalar, a 24-year-old woman was declared brain dead after she was diagnosed with hydrocephalus (an abnormal condition in which cerebrospinal fluid collects in the ventricles of the brain) and after her husband, Karthikeyan, gave written permission, the Cauvery hospital harvested two kidneys, liver and cornea. While one kidney was transplanted at Cauvery, the other was taken to Madurai Meenakshi Medical Mission Hospital, the liver to CMC Vellore, and the cornea to Trichy Joseph Eye Hospital. The woman is also survived by a four-year-old daughter.Though Cauvery hospital is inclined to carry these feats to the people through the media, so that there is greater awareness, ABC is dead against the \"disguised advertising\". ABC's executive director Dr G Mukundan told TOI that, \"It is unethical to advertise such operations. What we do is a solemn act, and it must also be considered a doctor's routine job. Though ours was the first hospital in Trichy to perform such operations, we never organized a press meet nor did we persuade the next of kin of the brain dead to donate organs. It must be spontaneous and if the donor's kin come forward it is well and good,\" he said. In fact, ABC harvested kidneys, liver, and cornea from a 10-year-old Thiruvanaikkovil boy who was declared brain dead following a road accident on November 2. \"The father of the boy came forward to donate the organs and we accepted it. It was a highly noble gesture, and we were all praise for the grieving father,\" Dr Mukundan said.Dr Mukundan said in matters of such organ donation, Trichy was in the forefront more than Madurai and Tirunelveli put together. But cadaver organs coming from government hospitals were negligible. The government rule is that whenever two kidneys are harvested in a particular region, the other should be given to the neighbouring region where it might be required. \"In my memory, I can safely say we have not received any cadaver kidney either from Madurai or Tirunelveli so far, but it always goes from Trichy.Meanwhile, a newly opened hospital in Trichy has claimed to have treated a six-year-old girl, Mohana Priya, for acute fulminant liver failure, a syndrome that normally requires transplantation. With the go-ahead given by the girl's father, team of doctors from the hospital was said to have saved the girl.\"It was because the father of the child, Sakthivel, from Mudakkipatu village near Thogaimalai would not be able to spend Rs 25 to Rs 30 lakh for liver transplant, an operation far more complicated than even a heart transplantation was performed. He left the treatment to the discretion of the doctors. Since it is a new hospital, the doctors took it upon themselves as a medical challenge to treat the child and save her,\" said a doctor.A doctor from the hospital told TOI that the child was diagnosed with hepatic encephalopathy (brain damage &amp; disorientation) syndrome due to Hepatic \"A\" virus. It was a chance admission at the hospital, and the child was already down with jaundice. The team of doctors have claimed to have treated the child successfully after two weeks of treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17137154", "title": "Kabini water reaches taps in parts of Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: Four years after the Centre approved of the Kabini drinking water project, Mysoreans in the southwest parts of the city are getting to drink surface water.Mysore City Corporation (MCC) on Wednesday announced the supply of Kapila water to five wards.Many pockets in these areas, like N Block in Kuvempunagar which were dependent on borewell water, are now getting Kapila (Kabini) water. A majority of areas in Kuvempu Nagar, Vivekanandanagar, Aravindanagar and Srirampura II Stage will get river water.This comes after completion of the Rs 108-crore JNNURM project that aims to meet the water needs of the southwestern parts of the city. \"The trial run is through and we've started supplying Kabini water to the residents,\" mayor Rajeshwari Puttaswamy explained, after visiting the newly-built facility at Bidaragudu near Nanjangud.Consequently, MCC will phase out borewells that supplied water to residents in these areas. There are over 600 borewells in the city, which meet drinking water needs where surface water cannot be supplied, both for operational reasons and for want of water.The mayor said that with the commissioning of the Kabini water project, this issue is permanently solved. With this, Mysore is one of the few cities in India where only surface water is used for drinking.In the first stage, 12 million gallons per day (MGD) will be supplied while it's designed to supply 30 MGD by 2036. The pipeline laid has factored in the demand of the city's southwestern parts, which are expected to house 20 lakh residents in the next 24 years. Mysore Urban Development Authority designed the project keeping these areas in mind, as it plans to develop layouts here.Kapila water is pumped from Bidaragudu to Kembal, where it is treated. A mini-reservoir to maintain pressure of the treated water has been built at Udbur, on the Mysore-Mananthavady Road, 10km from the city. Though it was projected to be a Dasara gift for Mysoreans, technical reasons didn't allow district minister SA Ramdas' dream to fructify. After three weeks of trial runs, when pollutants were eliminated, potable drinking water is being supplied to the residents.IT ALMOST DIDN'T HAPPENThe water project threatened to go off track over the Cauvery water row. The Karnataka government's clarification saved it.Though the MCC submitted the DPR to the Centre on August 28, 2006, it was mired in controversy, with the water resource department approving it with a rider that water would be supplied, subject to availability. The Centre red-flagged it and MCC had a tough time getting it cleared. The Centre insisted on a no-objection certificate from the water resources department, which compounded the issue. After a clarification that water would be made available without any conditions, the Centre gave its nod on November 21, 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135225", "title": "Siddharth college sorry for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcharassing\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 ex-vice-principal", "text": "MUMBAI: The management of Siddharth Law College has told the Bombay high court that it is sorry for the harassment caused to its former vice-principal Chitra Salunkhe and has expressed willingness to reinstate her.In December 2011, Mumbai University's Academic Council had withdrawn Salunkhe's bachelors and masters law degrees after an inquiry confirmed she does not possess a genuine BA degree. But Salunkhe denied her LLB and LLM degrees are withdrawn. She told TOI, \"The university has no right to withdraw my degrees since its inquiry had concluded that I had not provided any false information regarding my qualification and age.\"In May 2009, Salunkhe was dismissed by the college for submitting a fake degree certificate. In 2007, then principal A K Inamdar had moved the HC alleging that Salunkhe obtained a fake BA degree from Kakatia University in Warangal in 1988-89. Inamdar said she used this to get admission to Mumbai University's law courses and after obtaining her degree in law, she joined as lecturer at Siddharth Law College. Salunkhe challenged her dismissal right up to the HC.On November 5, a division bench of Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode were informed by the college's advocate Avinash Khamkhedkar that chairman M S More of the governing council of People's Education Society had instructed him to state that \"the management has unconditionally tendered its apology for the harassment caused to the petitioner (Salunkhe)\" and the society is ready to take her \"as a lecturer back in service\". The judges adjourned the hearing.Salunkhe had also moved the court in 2009 for probe into examination malpractice by K L Bishnoi, currently special inspector general (Protection of Civil Rights). Bishnoi was shown 'present' for the practical exam in the final year LLB course at Siddharth College in 2005. He was then additional commissioner of police, EOW. Salunkhe was in-charge of the viva exams. She alleged that at Bishnoi's behest, she was harassed by cops, her law degrees withdrawn and she was dismissed from service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17137475", "title": "Expats high on Obama win", "text": "BANGALORE: As the lusty cheers went up for President Obama , there was hope. \"Yes! Now he can finally get through the reforms he started four years ago,\" exulted Laura Ron, a staunch US Democrat, as news of the reelection flashed.The mood at a plush restaurant in faraway Bangalore changed suddenly with the announcement of the results, and Mitt Romney took the stage to concede his defeat. The heart-in-the-mouth moment was gone and it was time to celebrate for the Blues.More than 100 American expatriates, mostly Democrat supporters, had gathered at the restaurant to watch the outcome of the election.\"Americans have re-elected the right person again,\" said Rene Greff, from the swing state of Michigan, who plans to open a brew-pub in Bangalore in December. \"It was very important for Obama to win the elections as he understands the US economy better than his competitor. Had it gone the other way, it would have been disastrous,\" she added.\"The American economy is recovering and our employment levels are still low. However, there are no quickfixes to our problems. Unlike Romney, Obama has a set of plans which look like it will work,\" added Laura, from Ohio, who's been teaching in the city for the past three years. Most expatriates see Obama's re-election as good for India. \"Obama's priority is to get the US economy back on its feet, which is good for India as it is a huge market,\" said Camaron Vallepalli, former lawyer and member of Democrats Abroad.\"Obama seems to be a person who would seek diplomatic options to handle difficult nations like Iran, rather than confrontation,\" she said. Elizabeth Bowden-David, who owns the venue where the event was organized, said American foreign policy matters more to expats than to Americans back home. Elizabeth, who refused to reveal who she supported, added that Bangalore had mostly Democrat supporters.\"Many Americans see the President as a foreign policy expert and he's helped better our relationship with the world,\" said Kathryn Kylee, a women's right activist who's been in India for about nine months now. \"Obama has the experience and ideas to bring about a change but he needs support from the Senate,\" she added.Some, though, feel the President needs to address business and technological issues which could encourage a blooming economy. \"He did prevent a major meltdown during his first term. Now, he needs to push for growth,\" said Griffith David, an American citizen of Indian origin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17136717", "title": "HIV positive people gherao Bihar State AIDS Control Society office", "text": "PATNA: About 200 members of Bihar Network for People Living with HIV AIDS (PLHIV) society gheraoed the office of project director, Bihar State AIDS Control Society (BSACS), on Wednesday to demand sufficient medicines and doctors at the 14 antiretroviral therapy (ART) centres across the state.Sanjeev Kumar Sinha, project director, Bihar State AIDS Control Society, assured the agitators to look into the matter and solve their problem within 24 hours. The police were called to the office premises in view of the agitation.The agitators claimed that life-saving AIDS drugs and CD4 test kits were not reaching people living with HIV. According to the local PLHIV sources, several medicines were out of stock. Gyan Ranjan, president, PLHIV Bihar, said, \"There are 56,000 people living with HIV in Bihar while the entire state has only 14 ART centres, including two in Patna. Many of the centres do not have sufficient number of doctors.\"Every ART centre should have two doctors to counsel 500-1,000 HIV+ people. \"But the fact is there is no doctor at the Katihar ART centre for the last four months. People have to visit the Bhagalpur centre from districts like Katihar, Araria and Purnia,\" Gyan Ranjan said. \"At Bettiah, Khagaria and a few other centres, which take care of over 1,000 patients, there are only two doctors while there is an urgent need of four doctors. The PMCH ART centre itself is handled by a single doctor,\" he said.He said members of the PLHIV from different districts of the state came to Patna on Wednesday to demand sufficient medicines and doctors. \"The medicines are life-saving drugs for the HIV+ patients. Even one-hour delay in taking the medicine can be fatal for the victim,\" he said.According to the PLHIV members, problems often arise due to poor planning, incorrect projections of local requirements, poor distribution and supply of medicine and CD4 test kits and expiry of medicines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17137618", "title": "Case against school for child's accident", "text": "BANGALORE: The father of the special child, Nandini, 10, who was injured after a slide crashed on her at Cluny Convent School, Malleswaram, lodged a complaint with Cluny Convent School, on Wednesday. Police registered a case.B Mohan Kumar alleged that negligence and apathy on the part of the school management had led to his daughter's accident.Mohan Kumar told TOI, \"School authorities blame us for dropping the child at the usual time. My special child needs special care from teachers. They now say they weren't around, and my wife should have stayed back till school started.\"His child's condition is improving after doctors operated on her. The girl's damaged nasal bone has been restructured and plates put to support the jaws as her cheekbones have severe fractures.Cluny School principal Sr Maria Theresa said she and her teachers took Nandini to a nearby hospital and later accompanied her parents to Columbia Asia Hospital. \"No one expected it; it was an accident,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17136936", "title": "IGRMS workshop ends", "text": "BHOPAL: A three-day national workshop on 'anthropology and museums' organized by Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya (IGRMS) on the museum premises, concluded with a valedictory session and feedback from the participants here on Wednesday.On the occasion, chairman of the programme, professor S N Choudhary, Barkatullah university, said that museum is the best epitome of the society which reflects the culture and heritage through its displays and collection.Professor K K Misra, director, IGRMS in his concluding speech expressed pleasure over the success and exposure of the workshop which meant to link the museum with other universities across the country.Later certificates were distributed to participants followed by feedback session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17136693", "title": "Cops wake up to increasing number of suicide cases", "text": "PUNE: The city police have roped in the services of an NGO to sensitize the police officials following the sudden rise in the suicide cases in Pimpri-Chinchwad recently.As many as 13 suicides have been reported from Pimpri-Chinchwad in a 10-day period from October 28 to November 6.\"It is a very sensitive issue. I have written letters to in-charges of all police stations in the zone to handle such cases very carefully,\" deputy commissioner of police (zone-III) Shahaji Umap told TOI.Umap said that people hardly approach the police or any NGO before taking such a drastic step. \"The police are the only agency which can prevent such incidents. So, we have decided to sensitize our officials on the issue.\"Umap added that he has planned a programme for counseling the police officers in the zone with the help of the NGO. \"It will be a trainers' training programme. The NGO will explain the officers how to deal with such cases,\" Umap said.The police and the NGO will visit the houses of suicide victims as part of their training. \"We have identified the areas, where more number of suicides took place in the recent past. We will conduct workshops in those areas,\" Umap said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17136738", "title": "Education must empower human resources: Sushil Modi", "text": "PATNA: Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi , while inaugurating the 41st conference of Council of Board of School Education on Wednesday, said the nation required an education system that would empower human resources. He said, \"Technical and vocational courses would reduce unemployment and help in economic development of the nation.\" Education minister P K Shahi said a three-member committee was formed to suggest methods for the betterment of basic education system in the state.Anti-tobacco pledge: Under the aegis of Private Schools and Children Welfare Association, more than 400 school students on Wednesday took oath to abstain from tobacco consumption in any form to mark World Cancer Awareness Day. About 60 lakh students of 25,000 schools coming under the association simultaneously took the pledge.St Joseph's Convent: Students of St Joseph's Convent High School participated in a cancer awareness seminar organized by Rotary Shakti on the school campus on Wednesday. Resource person Dr Pritanjali informed the students that majority of cancer cases are detected in advanced stage, which makes it difficult to treat the patients.NITP's NSS unit opened: The National Service Scheme (NSS) unit of National Institute of Technology Patna (NITP) was inaugurated by its director, Professor Ashok De, on Wednesday. The director, in his welcome address, shared with the students the achievements of IIT Kharagpur in the field of community service. He urged the students to participate in the scheme and make it successful at the institute. The programme coordinator for the NSS committee would be Kamini Sinha while Shailendra Kumar Mandal, Khursheed Ahmad and Pramod Kumar Yadav would be the programme officers.Jesus and Mary Academy: Students of Jesus and Mary Academy, Patna City, participated in an inter-house carom competition organized on the school premises on Wednesday. Administrators of the school emphasized on the importance of sports in a students' life for their overall development.Spic Macay programme: Students of Mount Carmel High School (MCHS) and J D Women's College (JDWC) enjoyed the tunes of Indian classical music as music maestro Ashwini Bhide Deshpande performed here on Wednesday. While Deshpande performed \"Raag Vairagi Todi\" in \"Vilambit Jhaptaal\" at MCHS, students of JDWC enjoyed \"Raag Shuddha Sarang\" in \"Vilambit Rupak Taal\". She was accompanied by Sanjoy Adhikari on the tabla and Vinay Mishra on harmonium. The event was organized by Spic Macay as a part of its Virasat 2012 campaign.Ladies club at BITP: A ladies club was inaugurated at the Birla Institute of Technology Patna on Tuesday for the development and entertainment of women residing at the institute, mostly wives of the faculty members. It would organize cultural programmes, indoor games, get-togethers, conferences and workshops.AISF stages march: Members of All India Students Federation (AISF) staged a protest march against the alleged fraud in the results of competitions held by Bihar Staff Selection Commission and the state government's silence on the matter. They threatened to intensify their agitation and stage a gherao of the commission's office on November 27 if their demand to cancel the results of all competitive exams held in last two years was not conceded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "17136836", "title": "India, Pak border forces agree to return innocent trespassers within 24 hours", "text": "JAISALMER: The border forces of both India and Pakistan have agreed to release those intruders caught by both sides but found to have crossed over by mistake and did not have wrong intentions. The intruders will have to be verified for release within 24 hours through an inquiry by the forces of the both sides concerned.The decision was taken by both the sides on Wednesday at Munabao near here during the bilateral meeting of the India-Pakistan border guards. India was represented by a 13-member delegation led by Gandhi Nagar (Gujarat) DIG Raj Singh Rathore and Pakistani side was led by Sindh Rangers' deputy director Gen Brig Mohammad Rafiq.The meeting was also attended by Rajasthan frontier BSF DIG Ravi Kiran Thapa, Gujarat frontier BSF DIG U K Nyal, Delhi Course headquarters DIG Harminder Pal, Barmer sector BSF DIG M S Chauhan and representatives from Narcotics Control Bureau and Survey of India.The meeting also agreed to launch a Indo-Pak joint campaign for maintenance and early repair of border pillars.Senior officers who attended the meeting said the 13-member Pakistan delegation reached Munabao at 9.30 am and the meeting started at 10am. The meeting concluded in harmony and in cordial atmosphere, they said.Sources said India also raised the issue of poaching near the border and confusion created by firing by hunters. The Pakistani officers assured that they would set up fences near the border to stop all possible hunting. Further, India raised the issue of Pak cattle entering into Indian territory on which the Pak officers assured to control such entrances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136622", "title": "Two booked for illegal sale of biomed waste", "text": "NAGPUR: Nandanvan police booked two persons for selling biomedical waste to a scrap dealer instead of disposing it of hygienically at Bhandewadi dumping yard. Police said the truck was carrying 56 sacks of bio medical waste.Following a tip-off, police raided the truck on Wathoda Road. Cops interrogated Naresh Shrivastav, manager of Super Hygiene Disposal, who has been given the contract of dumping the bio medical waste. He told cops that he sold the waste to a scrap dealer who recycles a few things and then dumps the waste.However, as per the rules, the bio medical waste should be disposed of in the dump yard. Police have booked Ibrahim and Shrivastav. It was learnt that the waste was being transported to a scrap dealer in Kharbi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17137029", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcStatement of witness not recorded in my presence\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "INDORE: In a new twist to the Indian Police Service (IPS) officer Narendra Kumar's killing, one of the two signatories in whose presence the statement of witness was recorded termed that he was not present while the statement was recorded.Appearing before the special CBI court in Indore on Wednesday mining officer R K Kanaria said that he just signed on the dotted line as asked by the CBI.Till now, eleven witnesses have appeared before court in IPS Narendra Kumar case out of which one eye witness turned hostile and remaining witnesses gave varying statements. Statements given by witnesses till now are not in consistency with their statements given before CBI.Advocate Mahendra Morya, lawyer of accused Manoj Gujjar said that two witnesses\u00e2\u20ac\u201dmining officer R K Kanaria and tehsildar R D Sharma who are signatory on statement given by accused in front of CBI were supposed to appear before court on Wednesday. Only R K Kanaria appeared before court and during cross examination, he admitted that the statement was not taken and written in his presence.Advocate Morya informed that witness said in court that he was sitting outside when CBI was taking statement and later he put his signature on dotted line as asked by CBI officials.He said that as per the section 27 of Evidence Act, the statement of accused should be recorded and written in front of two witnesses. But in this case, witnesses were not present at the time of taking statement.Slain IPS officer Narendra Kumar was allegedly murdered on March 8, 2012 in Morena district of Madhya Pradesh when he was trying to stop a tractor trolley filled with illegally mined stones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "belgaum/hubli", "code": "17136813", "title": "Students oppose National Eligibility Entrance Test, hold protests", "text": "BELGAUM/HUBLI: Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) has opposed the state government's decision to introduce the Union government's National Eligibility Entrance Test (NEET), from 2013 for admission to all undergraduate medical courses, terming it 'unscientific'.ABVP activists headed by Prashant Amminabhavi, city secretary, burnt the effigy of the state government here on Wednesday, expressing opposition to NEET. According to Amminabhavi, it is difficult for the students who studied in Kannada medium or state syllabus to face NEET which is as per CBSE syllabus. Hence, the decision of the state government is nothing but playing with the career of students.He also pointed out that many state governments including Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, West Bangal, Andhra Pradesh and Assam also have been opposing NEET. The ABVP urged the state government to withdraw the decision immediately and continue the earlier CET system.Protest rally in HubliStudents of various colleges took out a protest rally under the ABVP banner against the state government's decision to scrap CET exams and conduct the National Entrance and Eligibility Test (NEET) for PU students to get admission for professional courses from 2013. Protestors took out the rally from Nalanda College to Kadasiddeshwar College on Wednesday and demanded the state government to conduct the NEET exams for the PU students from 2014 instead of conducting it for 2013 batch.Road blockade in GulbargaMembers of ABVP asked the state government to request the Centre to exempt Karnataka students from NEET till 2014. Thousands of students blocked the road at Sardar Vallabhai Patel Circle by forming a human chain in Gulbarga on Wednesday. Students said that they are not prepared to appear for NEET in 2013.Apart from this, there is no preparation on the part of the Karnataka government to conduct NEET, they alleged.As per indications available, NEET is scheduled to be held in Bangalore, Hubli and Mangalore. Students across the state cannot write examinations if the NEET is held at only three centers. Considering all these factors, the state should follow the example of the neighboring Andhra Pradesh and request for an exemption to appear for the NEET for students till 2014 they mentioned.Apart from this the NEET should be held in Shimoga, Belgaum, Gulbarga and Mysore along with the other three cities they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17136503", "title": "Stress snipping lifespan of anaesthetists: Study", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: High stress levels are taking years off anaesthetists' lives. Going by the researches conducted abroad as well as by the All-India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS), the lifespan of anaesthetists is shorter when compared to medical professionals from other specialties, and this is primarily due to the stress they are under constantly.While the irregular and long working hours do take a toll on their health, the anaesthetic gases which they inevitably inhale in operation theatres (OT) only make matters worse. \"Though there is no organized study, most hospitals lack proper ventilation in the operation theatres. It's possible that shorter lifespan of anesthetists has a link to this inhalation,\" says Dayal Singh, president of Indian Society of Anesthetists, AP state branch.\"Moreover, since any death taking place inside the OT becomes a medico-legal case, the anaesthetists are the first ones to be pulled up for questioning. That's highly stressful for them,\" points out M Chandra Sekhar, head of the department of anaesthesiology, Osmania General Hospital. Anaesthetists literally hold the life of patients in their hands. After the surgeon operates, the anaesthetist is responsible for stabilizing the patient, breathing new life into him and preventing the patient from slipping into coma. Their role is very crucial in emergency and trauma cases.\"We control the patient's pain, paralyze the muscles during surgery, control the BP, respiration and brain function. In such a situation, it's but natural that anaesthetists are under tremendous stress. Most of them have been found to be suffering from hypertension, diabetes, cardiac ailments and sleep disorders besides having a shorter lifespan,\" says Sekhar.Elaborating on the dynamic role of anaesthetists, Ramesh Babu, a cardiac anaesthetist from a private hospital, says they determine the risk factors, intra-operative and post-operative complications, including referring the patient for surgery and reviving him after the operation. \"We take care of him till he can be wheeled out of the ICU. As per the professional indemnity policy, the premium of anaesthesiologists is the highest. While for surgeons it's Rs 7,000 annually, for anesthesiologists it's Rs 12,000 a year,\" Ramesh Babu reveals.Interestingly, it was in Hyderabad that the first and second chloroform conferences were held in 1888 and 1889. Also, Roopa Bai Furdoonji, considered the world's first qualified woman anaesthesiologist, hailed from Hyderabad. R Sukumar, a PG medico from King George Hospital, says, \"We as anaesthetists need to have complete knowledge about other disciplines too -- be it cardiology or nephrology or neurology.\"Their problems are multiplied following dearth of hands in this field. In big state-run tertiary hospitals, anesthetists are forced to handle 10-15 emergency cases per day and more than 500 operations per month besides hundreds of emergency and trauma cases. \"Ideally, the ratio of patient to manpower should be 1:1. In most government hospitals, it is 1:4 or even more,\" a senior anaesthetist points out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135804", "title": "Subramanian Swamy to move court challenging EC decision on Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Janata Party leader Subramanian Swamy on Wednesday said he would move court against the EC's rejection of his plea for de-recognition of the Congress, and questioned the panel's argument that it had no powers to de-register a party for violating the Representation of People's Act (RPA) or Income-Tax Act. Insisting that EC should have granted him a hearing rather than \"washing its hands of conducting an inquiry (into the Congress's Rs 90-crore loan to a company)\", Swamy faulted the panel's interpretation of Paragraph 16 of the Symbols, alleging that it had seriously eroded credibility of the poll watchdog.Stating that the sub-sections A to C of Section 29 of the RPA clearly laid down what a party could do, the Janata Party leader noted that \"by harmonious construction with the General Clauses Act, it should be taken to mean that omission of any activity from those approved under these sub-sections in prohibited.\"The EC had on Tuesday dismissed Swamy's plea on Tuesday citing lack of its powers or jurisdiction to de-recognize a party for violation of the RPA or Income-Tax Act. It cited Para 16 A of the Election Symbols (Reservation and Allotment) Order to argue that a party could be only be de-recognized by the EC if found to have violated the model code or for defiance of Commission's instructions issued \"in the interest of a free and fair poll or for safeguarding the interests of the general public\".Latching on to the portion where safeguarding public interest is listed as the EC's responsibility to keep polls free and fair, Swamy, in his letter to the EC sent on Wednesday, argued that if AICC, the legislative body of Congress, starts handing out loans that end up buying real estate , \"public interests are to be safeguarded\".\"It is truly the question of interpretation as the scope and your responsibility under the model code of conduct,\" Swamy said adding that the EC should have conducted hearings on his plea, rather than showing undue haste in disposing of the petition.Also pointing to \"double standards\" of the EC, Swamy recalled that the panel had sent him a petition of the minorities commission last year, seeking de-registration of the Janata Party over an \"objectionable piece\" he wrote in a national daily. \"The Commission sent that petition to me for comments despite the fact that the Supreme Court had, in its judgment earlier, held that the EC had no power to de-register any political party. You had just sat on my petition and did nothing, whereas in my petition to you regarding Congress party's violation of the election law, you moved so swiftly that I wonder whether you had any time even to reflect on the precedents,\" he alleged.\"The EC must realize that it has not only to dispense justice as a tribunal but they must be seen to have dispensed justice. In my petition regarding which you have washed off your hands of conducting an inquiry...without giving me even an opportunity to present my case, the EC has in fact suffered a serious loss of credibility amongst the people. I shall now have to settle the issues in court,\" said Swamy.He also repeated his 'bias' charge against the EC, recalling how malafide intent was once alleged by a former chief election commissioner (CEC) against one of the election commissioners in a disqualification case against Congress president Sonia Gandhi. The ex-CEC, Swamy said, had approached the President pointing out how an inquiry against Sonia could not be conducted due to alleged favouritism exhibited by one of the election commissioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17135821", "title": "Police launch drive against firecracker manufacturers", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana police have decided to launch a massive drive to verify licences of firecracker manufacturers and sellers in Gurgaon and other districts.The police and district administration will carry out the drive in the region to check if the manufacturers and sellers of fire crackers have valid licenses and are adhering to the necessary precautions and safety standards. All the SHOs in districts have been instructed to inspect godowns, shops and factories.To rein in sellers of fire crackers, the district administration has been instructed that no shops located in crowded areas should be allowed.The fire cracker shops should be away from the main markets and sellers should be allowed only after securing necessary permission from the district authority and police.A senior district administration official said only limited retail shops selling fire crackers will be allowed in the city and action will be taken against anyone selling fire crackers without permission.The drive against the erring factories and shops will have team of policemen and excise and taxation who will be empowered to initiate legal action against or unauthorized manufacturers and sellers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17136633", "title": "Case against travel agent for cheating nine youths", "text": "PUNE: The city police on Wednesday registered a case of cheating against a Chandigarh-based travel agent and his two employees for duping nine youths studying in the US. The suspects allegedly cheated the youths of Rs 5.85 lakh on the pretext of booking their air tickets at a cheaper rate.Prakash Raleraskar, parent of one of the youths, lodged a complaint against travel agent Jiten Dhankahar and his employees Archana and Gauvra (full names not known) with the Kothrud police station after activist Sandeep Khardekar handed over a memorandum to city police commissioner Gulabrao Pol on Monday.Senior inspector Deepak Sawant of the economic offences wing of the crime branch said that the students and their parents had established contacts with Dhankahar of Indo Canadian Enterprises and his employees after they found on the suspects' website that they were helping students to book air tickets from Mumbai to Los Angles and back at concessional rates.Sawant said the travel agent and his employees gave account numbers in two banks and asked the parents to deposit Rs 65,000 per student, whereas the actual cost of the ticket is between Rs 80,000 and Rs 90,000.Raleraskar and others deposited money in the suspects' accounts in view of their children's Christmas vacations. However, the travel agent did not issue the tickets, following which Raleraskar lodged a complaint with the police, Sawant said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17137959", "title": "Political instability stares at Jharkhand again", "text": "RANCHI: Stability has never been the forte of the 12-year-old Jharkhand and this time too when chief minister Arjun Munda appeared to be firmly ensconced on the seat of power, the BJP's alliance partner, the JMM, is set to give it a rude jerk which is likely to upset the former's applecart and the state's fate once again.Though the JMM remained quiet during one and a half years of the Munda-led government, the two parties are of late engaged in a spat with JMM chief Shibu Soren claiming that there was an understanding of a 28-month rotation of power sharing, which the BJP has been disclaiming. Deputy chief minister Hemant Soren said, \"There can never be any written agreement of such understandings, but if my father is saying so, the BJP should respect it.\"Jharkhand carved out of Bihar in November 2000 has so far seen eight changes in government though power has always rotated between two major players Munda and Soren apart from Babulal Marandi and Madhu Koda. Soren, who has always claimed that he was the rightful heir to the chief minister's post since he and his party had waged a long struggle for a separate state, first grabbed power in 2005 from then incumbent Munda but had to give it up after a few months since his party did not have the magic numbers in the 81-member assembly.He again came to power in August 2008 after toppling the Koda government but this time, too, his regime was short-lived and he lost the Tamar byelection to a political greenhorn Raja Peter having to resign once again. Though he again came to power in 2009, he had to relinquish the CM's post after the BJP withdrew support. Surprisingly in September 2010 when his party partnered with the BJP to form the government, he gave in and agreed to Munda being CM and his son Hemant as the deputy CM along with another deputy from Ajsu Party Sudesh Mahato.Soren's craving for power has, however, come into play once again. Backed by the Congress and other UPA partners, the JMM with its 18 MLAs can well afford to leave the BJP in the lurch. \"There has never been an agreement for 28 months rotation of power sharing when the government was formed in 2010,\" said BJP president Dineshanand Goswami. Addressing party workers in Lohardaga on Wednesday, he, however, said in the next election the party would win hands down and would not need to tie up with any party for forming the government. This could be an indication of the national party preparing itself to give in to regional politics and accept 'guruji's diktat. Munda has, however, so far refrained from commenting on the issue. The Ajsu Party which has always supported the party in power since 2000, however, is silent on the issue.However, with Hemant having tasted power himself now, it would be difficult to guess whether the father would forgo the chief minister's chair for the son or vice versa. \"We will decide when the time comes,\" senior Soren said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17135097", "title": "America's ethnic makeover routs Mitt Romney", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama won a hard-fought second term to the White House after his colorful coalition of ethnic minorities, younger voters, and urban women overrode nationwide economic dissatisfaction and held off the challenge from a Republican vanguard of fading white population.On the face of it, Democrat Obama's victory in an economically distressed America was impressive. He won 332 of the 538 Electoral Votes, comfortably more than the 270 he needed to retain the presidency. But the imposing Electoral College lead masked a relatively narrow margin of popular votes in battleground states that saw a tense finish: Overall, nationwide, Obama had polled around 59 million votes (just over 50 per cent) to Romney's 56 million (48.4 per cent) with many votes still to be counted. The turnout by the Democratic coalition ensured that would not lose the popular vote as some had feared.It was a remarkable night for the President, the first American leader since World War II to win a second term in office amid high unemployment and a war-sapped economy. For the triumph, he gave credit where it was due in his victory speech \u00e2\u20ac\u201d \"to the best campaign team in the history of politics,\" and in the first phone call he made after Romney conceded defeat, to the wily Bill Clinton.Together they forged a coalition which will take some beating in years to come, unless the Republican Party dramatically recasts itself. The alliance consists of minority voters (Black, Latino, and Asian) worried about immigration laws and Republican exclusivism; blue-collar workers, particularly in the so-called Rust Belt who are grateful to Obama and his government intervention in saving US manufacturing; women passionate about reproductive rights and pay parity, and a young, urban, collegiate demographic unimpressed by the domestic Republican conservatism and international machismo.This broad coalition delivered three key battleground states to Obama that Romney desperately needed to snatch to reach 270 electoral votes -- Florida, Ohio, and Virginia. In each case they demonstrated their urban-centric power by helping Obama eke out narrow wins over Romney's narrower support base, centered on mostly white, older, richer men (WORMs), and inhabiting a different world.In Florida, minority Latino votes in a few heavily populated southern-most counties neutralized Romney's lead from rest of the state's conservative outback. The Democrats' urban bias was even starker in Ohio. Although Romney won 90 per cent of the state's counties, mostly rural and thinly populated, Obama storm-troopers pulled in blue-collar votes in the Cleveland-Toledo industrial belt where the President's government bailout saved the auto industry. Likewise, in Virginia, Romney won the state's hinterland, but Democrats polled heavily in the three Northern Virginia counties adjoining Washington DC, home to 100,000 desis and the area's tech corridor.As a result, Obama won the presidency even though the country remains mired in economic distress and was, like in the previous three elections, largely swathed in Republican Red with Romney winning rural county after conservative county in middle-America. Romney won more landmass across the nation, but Obama out-polled him in urban pockets heavily populated by minorities. Of course, there was always the big cushion of solidly Democratic California and New York, which between them have 84 electoral votes.Initial numbers indicated that 45 per cent of those who voted for Obama are racial minorities, a record. They trumped mostly white senior citizens who gave a double digit lead for Romney. College-educated voters, urban women, gay rights and immigration advocates, health care evangelists, and other liberal constituencies broadened the Obama alliance to deliver a famous win in what is deemed as a seminal moment in American politics pointing to a new coalition dharma; what one Indian analyst saw as the mandalisation of the United States.Democrats retain control of Senate, Republicans keep House; Americans get gridlockWhile most attention fell on the Presidential election, there was also the small matter of Congress, state governorships, thousands of local body polls and propositions and referendums, all of which threw up a fractured verdict.Two years and billions of dollars worth of campaigning later, Washington DC will look and sound much the same as it did before the 2012 Presidential elections. President Obama will be back in the White House, the Republicans will regain the House of Representatives, and the Democrats will retain the Senate. In one word: Gridlock, the old Washington horror story.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "17139707", "title": "Day-night Tests is a progressive idea: PCB chief", "text": "LAHORE: Pakistan Cricket Board Chairman Zaka Ashraf believes that the proposal to have day-night Tests is a progressive one and has promised to back the idea to the hilt.\"Provided there are no technical problems in it for players and spectators we would not be averse to playing a day and night Test,\" he said on Thursday.Ashraf said he saw having Test matches from late afternoon to night as a viable option to counter the growing interest in Twenty20 cricket.\"Day and night Tests could be one way to match the increasing number of T20 and ODI matches. We see it as a positive step which will mean prime time viewership for Tests and also an attractive alternate for working people to come to stadiums to watch five day cricket,\" he explained.Ashraf had no doubt that day-night Tests will increase the value of five-day cricket.The ICC recently allowed its Test-playing member nations to play day-night Tests on a bilateral basis if they agreed to the specific playing conditions including the coloured balls to be used for such games.Although a few member countries of the ICC, including Pakistan, have already experimented with day-night first-class matches, there is still no consensus on the colour of the ball to be used in such matches.But Ashraf said the ICC had taken a positive step by allowing interested boards to decide between themselves what type of coloured balls could be used.\"From what I know the pink coloured balls have been seen as the most viable options,\" he said.Ashraf said if any country offered Pakistan the chance to play a day-night Test it would not be averse to such a proposal.\"We would look into it provided there were no technical issues for players. In the end it should be the prerogative of a host board to decide whether it wants to have a day and night-Test because it has to take demands of its broadcasters into consideration as well,\" he said.The PCB chief noted that Pakistan had never been shy of experimenting with ideas that eventually benefit the sport.\"Pakistan introduced neutral umpires so we have always been open to new ideas that are good for the future of the game and teams,\" he said.Interestingly, Pakistan is due to tour South Africa for a full Test series from January and the Proteas have also backed the idea of day-night Tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17137257", "title": "Vice president to open national biodiversity meet in December", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Vice-President Hamid Ansari will inaugurate the first National Biodiversity Congress (NBC), 2012, in the city on December 27. The four-day meet will begin alongside a 10-day national biodiversity expo at the Kanakakunnu Palace grounds from December 21.\"The state has a rich biodiversity and the Kerala State Biodiversity Board is taking efforts to protect it. The NBC is being hosted here with that aim in mind. The National Biodiversity Authority (NBA) will offer support to take forward Kerala's initiatives in protecting its biodiversity,\" said NBA chairman Balakrishna Pisupati.\"The national biodiversity expo named 'India Bio Expo 2012' will begin with a 10-day relay cycle rally from Kasaragod to Thiruvananthapuram to create awareness among the people of all districts about the need to protect biodiversity,\" said KSBB chief Oommen V Oommen.Stalls will be set up for various categories under agriculture, ornamental fish and plants, cultural biodiversity, forests, rare and endangered species of plants and animals, water body species facing extinction, etc. Traditional food festival, art forms, book fair and rendition of folk art forms will also be held.The expo will see the participation of state biodiversity boards, their partners and stakeholders to exhibit their innovative research, know-how, technologies, products, traditional knowledge to protect the indigenous biodiversity for future generations, said K P Laladhas, member secretary KSBB. Chief minister Oommen Chandy released the logo of the National Biodiversity Congress (NBC-2012) on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136208", "title": "Plants will spew up 13 lakh tonnes ash every day", "text": "NAGPUR: Vidarbha Environmental Action Group (VEAG) convener Sudhir Paliwal claims that the large number of power plants that are likely to come up in the region will have an adverse impact on the region.Apart from all ill-effects on health, environment and agriculture, there are other problems. Laws allow erection of transmission towers even without consent of land owners. The land owners are also not entitled to get any compensation. The value of the land reduces to a great extent if it has transmission lines and towers.The VEAG paints a scary picture. The proposed 132 thermal power projects will require 1,32,000 acres of land. Besides, they will consume 50 lakh cubic metres water meant for irrigation every day. Around 13 lakh tonnes ash will be generated every day that will pollute air, water, and soil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17137571", "title": "Safety, supervision are of prime importance", "text": "BANGALORE: Ensuring the safety of children with disabilities in a play space requires much of what ensuring the safety of all children, anywhere, does: strict adherence to safety standards and accessibility (disabled-friendly ) norms, vigilance, proper maintenance and common sense. Manufacturers of play equipment must ensure the design of play equipment and physical environment is as per universal design principles, is of quality, and installation is as per the requisite norms. Often, to cut costs, equipment may be sub-standard or the manufacturer cuts corners during installation - like not digging to the required depth to install supporting poles, not filling the right mix of concrete, not waiting till the concrete has set etc. So here is a situation where an accident is waiting to happen.Maintenance is the second area which needs to be systemically addressed. Oftentimes, one observes swings in a park shaking from thevery poles they stand on, some slides have no railings. When we've brought maintenance issues to the attention of the BBMP, we've been told that they have budgets for new equipment and a budget for maintenance of the park, but no allocations for maintenance of the play equipment!Who is responsible for ensuring safety? The primary responsibility lies with those under whose care the play space is. If it's in a public park, it would be the municipal corporation, if in a school, it would be the management. In addition, parents, community members, neighbourhood groups also need to be vigilant, and hold the authorities accountable for not rectifying any potential safety hazards.Children with disabilities do not need any 'special' safety guards, other than more close supervision for certain disabilities like autism , and wheelchair-accessible pathways or modified play equipment. Other than that, their safety needs are much the same as those of all children.Kavitha Krishnamoorthy(The writer is a parent and managing trustee, Kilikili, a network of parents and volunteers)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135221", "title": "Duo posing as RAW agents held with fake IDs", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two youths who were trying to extract call information from a private telecom operator by posing as RAW officials have been arrested. Several fake IDs for entry into Rashtrapati Bhavan, Parliament, and the headquarters of RAW and IB have been recovered from the fraudsters.Punit Wadhra and Asghar Ali have been booked for impersonation, forgery and criminal conspiracy and will be questioned by Delhi Police as well as IB officials. According to sources, Puneet, a resident of Guru Tegh Bahadur Enclave, and Asghar, a resident of Laxmi Nagar, had planned to extort money by listening to business calls.\"On Tuesday, Puneet went to a telecom office in Okhla. He met a female executive and showed her the letterhead of RAW director AK Khan, and sought the call details of a particular number for certain days between August and September. Following protocol, the executive reported the matter to her manager,\" said a cop. The manager became suspicious and called up IB officials to crosscheck, and learnt that no sleuths had been sent to them. When the manager came out and asked Puneet to show his ID card, he showed him a card for IB instead of RAW. The manager called up Okhla police and officials from Delhi Police led by additional CP (southeast) Ajay Chaudhry reached the spot. IB officials also arrived.\"We found so many fake documents that could have helped them enter Delhi's most sensitive buildings. Based on the interrogation of Puneet, we arrested Asghar from Karol Bagh. We are trying to ascertain whether the duo duped others earlier using the same modus operandi,\" said an officer. The two were questioned for over six hours. \"The two are proving a tough nut to crack. We are going through their call details and have found some leads,\" added an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17137083", "title": "3 former Sena corporators defect to MNS", "text": "NASHIK: Three former Shiv Sena corporators \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Punjaram Gamne, Sanjay Nawale and Chandrakant Khode \u00e2\u20ac\u201d formally joined the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) on Wednesday in the presence of MNS chief Raj Thackeray at the party's headquarters, Rajgad.The three, who were senior Sena leaders, said that they were unhappy with the functioning of the Sena.They added that they were being sidelined even after having worked for the party for many years and therefore decided to join the MNS.Gamne, who had been a Shiv Sainik for 25 years and a corporator for five years, had been denied a ticket in 2012 civic polls. Nawale, too, who had been in the Sena for 20 years, and a corporator for five years was denied a ticket to contest the civic polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17136235", "title": "Prof Indranil Manna is new IIT-Kanpur director", "text": "KANPUR: Prof Indranil Manna joined as new director of the Indian Institute of Technology-Kanpur, here on Wednesday. He took over from Prof Sanjay Govind Dhande, director of the institute for over a decade.The outgoing director of the institute, Prof Dhande applied for voluntary retirement from the institute instead of serving as full-time professor or faculty member in the institute till the time he retires in 2013, and his request was accepted by Chairman Prof M Anandkrishnan, and the board of governors of IIT-Kanpur.The new director joined In the presence of senior IIT-Kanpur faculty members and other dignitaries of the institute and was greeted and welcomed by the outgoing director and other office-bearers.President of India in his capacity as visitor of the Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur approved the appointment of Prof Indranil Manna as Director of IIT Kanpur for a period of five years on contract with effect from the date he assumes charge or till he attains the age of 70 years, whichever is earlier, in accordance with terms and conditions of the Institutes of Technology Act, 1961 and the Statutes of IIT Kanpur.Prior to his new post, Prof Manna was serving as director of Central Glass &amp; Ceramic Research Institute (CGCRI) with effect from March 1, 2010. Born on January 22, 1961, Prof Manna obtained his Bachelor of Engineering degree from Calcutta University (B E College) in 1983 and M Tech degree in 1984 from Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Kanpur. After a brief stint at Mishra Dhatu Nigam, Hyderabad, he joined IIT, Kharagpur in 1985 as lecturer and rose to the position of full professor in 2003 till he joined CGCRI as director.Prof Dhande had applied for VRS in September. His term as director of IIT-Kanpur ended in June after which he had been given a three-month extension till September 30. But his term as professor was not over and had been extended again till October 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17135621", "title": "Management tips from a CEO at IIM-Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Budding managers at the Indian Institute of Management Lucknow (IIML) on Wednesday got an opportunity to interact with the chief executive officer (CEO) Goldman Sachs Bengaluru, Bunty Bohra during the ongoing Leadership Talk series.During an hour and a half long session, students posed questions ranging from 'the factors that shape successful careers' to 'the benefits and risks of financial innovation'.The queries were answered by Bohra in a candid manner, adding anecdotes from his personal and professional life.Speaking on the importance of building a profession, the CEO told students they should judge their career with two questions in mind \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 'Am I enjoying what I am doing?' and 'Is it going to take me in the direction I want to go?' He also apprised students on the ingredients of a successful career.Bohra linked success to freely accepting and working on constructive feedback, being coachable, being a good mentor and being worthy of sponsor.He highlighted the importance of inquisitiveness and of building expertise and depth for success in any profession.According to IIM officials, Goldman Sachs is one of the top recruiters in the summer internships and final placements.IIM Recruitment Coordinator Srivatsan said \"The benefit of face time with a senior manager from the industry is invaluable.''Students at IIM-L expect to see more CEOs visiting the campus shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17137135", "title": "Mysore City Corporation pushes for onsite biogas plants", "text": "MYSORE: Converting waste to energy is the latest mission of the Mysore City Corporation.After signing an agreement with the Swedish government for a feasibility study of setting up a biogas plant in Mysore, the civic body is encouraging individuals, organizations and business owners to put in place biogas plants.It's appealing to them to convert kitchen waste into an energy source and help create an environmentally sustainable society. MCC chief MR Ravi said the corporation is ready to provide a subsidy and concession in solid waste management cess to those going green.A meeting on Wednesday to demonstrate a simple technology which generates biogas from organic waste was fruitful. Many persons who attended it were keen on setting up onsite biogas plants, said NIE - Centre for Renewable Energy and Sustainable Technologies director S Shamsundar.Hotel Owners' Association president M Rajendra said he'd establish two plants - one at his hotel and another at a marriage hall. MCCI president Sudhakar S Shetty said he'd set up one at his home and Guru Residency proprietor agreed to have one at his hotel on JLB Road. Others who showed interest were Nanda Halemane, director of an NGO, and two students Pavithra and Anusha of the Government First Grade College, T Narasipura. After a presentation on biogas plants, Shamsundar answered questions and doubts by students, retired government employees, social workers, farmers, hoteliers, businessmen and NGO representatives. Shamsundar said the basic model plant using plastic can be set up within a day and it would take a minimum of 20 days before it starts producing gas. The plant requires regular input, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17137617", "title": "Mitt Romney-Ryan first presidential ticket to lose both home states since 1972", "text": "WASHINGTON: With Obama-Biden winning both Massachusetts, Mitt Romney's state, and Wisconsin, home turf for Paul Ryan , it's the first time in 40 years that the losing presidential candidate and his running mate have lost both their home states.The last time this happened was in 1972 when Richard Nixon and Spiro Agnew beat George McGovern and R Sargent Shriver. McGovern's home state of South Dakota and Shriver's Maryland both voted for the Nixon-Agnew ticket. This time is more remarkable, however, for two reasons.In 1972, the wipe-out at home for the losers happened in a landslide election in which Nixon-Agnew won 520 of the 538 electoral college votes and 61% of the popular vote. Moreover, Agnew's home state, Maryland, was the same as Shriver's.In 2012, the margins of victory are much more modest whether in the popular vote or in the electoral college and the no-show on home turf would therefore be more difficult to stomach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17135556", "title": "Bhupathi and Bopanna stay alive at ATP World Tour Finals", "text": "LONDON: The Indian pairing of Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna pulled one back on Wednesday, beating the world's fourth-ranked team of Sweden's Robert Lindstedt and Romania's Horia Tecau 6-3, 5-7, 10-5 in a must-win Group B clash of the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals.Bhupathi and Bopanna, with a one-one win-loss record so far in the round robin competition, will play the No. 2 seeds Max Mirnyi of Belarus and Daniel Nestor of Canada in their last league engagement on Friday. The Indians will need to win to qualify for the semifinals.\"It was a must-win match for both pairs on court so we knew it was going to be a fight to the finish. The good start helped us. We get a day off now. We're looking forward to our last league match on Friday against Mirnyi and Nestor. We have to win to go through to the semis, so it'll be interesting. When we are playing well anything is possible,\" Bhupathi told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "cuttack/bhubaneswar", "code": "17137219", "title": "Court seeks report on doctor death probe", "text": "CUTTACK/BHUBANESWAR: The Orissa high court on Wednesday directed the state government to submit a status report on the investigation into the mysterious death of Ayurvedic doctor Madhabilata Pradhan.The high court direction came in response to a petition filed by Nilakantha Pradhan, brother of the deceased, seeking CBI probe into his sister's death. \"A division bench of Chief Justice V Gopala Gowda and Justice B K Mishra told the government to file the report within two weeks,\" said Nishikant Mishra, petitioner's counsel.The petitioner had alleged that Madhabilata was murdered but the police were trying to brush off the matter by giving it the picture of suicide. She was found dead on railway track at Malatipatpur on October 12. Her death was confirmed nearly two weeks after she died.The petitioner had demanded investigation into her mysterious death by CBI and demanded stringent action against the culprits. \"Even though a missing complaint was lodged on October 12 night at Kumbharpada police station, the police did not act swiftly,\" alleged the petitioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136469", "title": "Six-year-old boy dies of rabies", "text": "NAGPUR: A six-year-old child from Wardhaman Nagar was bitten by a dog fifteen days ago. On Wednesday morning, he died after acquiring rabies due to this bite. Little Roshan Ganjeer, the son of a labourer, became the 21st victim of this preventable disease at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) this year.As per the records with Nagpur Municipal Corporation, there have been 2,927 cases of dog bites this year in the city, of which seven from the city died. Government hospitals from the city, however, get animal bite victims from other towns and villages around, making the number of deaths and casualties much higher.Superintendant of GMCH Dr Arun Humne said that Roshan had passed away when he arrived at the hospital. \"He had not taken the injection that could have prevented rabies. This is sad as the injections are available free of cost for poor patients at GMCH, IGMCH and NMC hospitals,\" he said.Dr Neelam Sukhsohale, in-charge anti-rabies unit at Indira Gandhi Government Medical College (IGMCH), says that there are more than 300 bite cases to deal with every month. \"Other than dogs, people are commonly bitten by animals like cats, pigs, monkeys and rodents among others,\" she said.\"It is sad that even today we are having people die of rabies in our country. Though this is a 100 per cent fatal condition, it is also 100 per cent preventable,\" said paediatrician Dr Avinash Gawande, who earlier headed the rabies unit at GMCH.He also said that any person who is bitten by an animal must ensure getting the injection within 24 hours. \"These injections are also available free of cost at the smallest medical units like the primary health care centres. A victim has to take 5-6 doses of the injection,\" he added.He said that one observation is that most of the dog bites are sustained due to dogs owned by one's neighbours. \"If these owners can ensure vaccination of their dogs, there can be very few cases of rabies,\" he said.Another doctor from a government hospital said, \"The vaccination also ensures much of the government's money is saved. Every injection costs at least 350 and has to be administered to every person who has sustained an animal bite,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "tirupur", "code": "17136931", "title": "AIADMK councillor found murdered at his residence", "text": "TIRUPUR: An AIADMK councillor of Tirupur Mucipal Corporation was found murdered at his house on Wednesday. The deceased has been identified as C Muthusamy (65), who represented Ward 22 in the Corporation. He was alone at home the previous night and his body was discovered by the servant in the front yard of the house at around 8 am, said the police. The head was almost severed from the rest of the body.According to police, Muthusamy was found dead with stab wounds in the neck and injuries in the head caused by blows with a stone. His house was located at Chinnappa Lay Out in Puthuramakrishnapuram in the city. Muthusamy is survived by his wife and two daughters. While the two daughters are married, wife Subbulakshmi was away at their farm house, when the incident occurred.Police said, Muthusamy reached home after spending the whole day at the farm house supervising agricultural activities there. While wife preferred to stay back, he returned home alone. Relatives of the deceased said he was also involved in financing business apart from his political interests.Muthusamy was elected councillor for four successive terms. Police suspect it as a case of previous enmity. Nothing was stolen from the home and even the gold chain that he wore remained intact. The body was cremated on Wednesday evening after an autopsy. A special team has been formed to nab the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17137769", "title": "US elections: Fiscal cliff or fiscal bridge?", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 2012 presidential elections was all about the economy and employment. And that's the key reason why the world and its markets were tuned in to these elections so closely, be cause the US economy's health is intimately tied to the health of the glob al economy.In fact, Canadian finance minister Jim Flaherty said on Monday that in the short-term the US fiscal cliff out weighed Europe's debt crisis.The so-called fiscal cliff refers to a double whammy of tax raises and spending cuts which come into force in January 2013. If the fractious Congress doesn't act, the US is looking at fiscal headwinds of over $600 billion \u00e2\u20ac\u201d tax increases of $399 billion, spending cuts of $102 billion and other expenses of 107 billion, all kicking in together. It has the potential to impact economic growth in the US. That is likely to have an impact across the world at a time when the global economy is facing head winds. The two Asian economic powerhouses China and India are also likely to face the brunt. But economists say they are optimistic that a middle ground would be found to overcome the problem.The first foreign policy act of Barack Obama in his second term would be a domestic one \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to work on repairing public finances with a Congress that has been hopelessly polarised, partisan and paralysed recently. As the fiscal cliff clock starts ticking Obama has to overcome a personal distaste for net working to get Republicans and Democrats to find a solution.Its possible that the prospect of the cliff might force the warring parties, who are slated to control different houses of Congress to work together for a solution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17136445", "title": "Garbage dumps contaminating groundwater: BHU", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17135756", "title": "CBI gets notice on cops' plea for narco test in Satish Shetty murder case", "text": "PUNE: The district and sessions court here on Tuesday issued a notice to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to reply to the plea filed by four policemen, including a retired inspector expressing their willingness to conduct \"live\" %narco analysis test in the murder case of RTI activist Satish Shetty.The court has directed %the CBI to file its reply by %November 20.The policemen include retired inspector Bhausaheb Andhalkar, head constable Ramesh Nale and assistant police inspector Namdeo Kauthale, posted with the Pune rural police and retired constable Kailash Labade.The CBI had earlier conducted polygraph tests on Andhalkar, suspects, accused and witnesses for getting leads in the case.A CBI official said they have not yet received notice from the court.Andhalkar said he and others have also consented to a \"live\" narco analysis test.Andhalkar told reporters: \"we have requested the CBI to ask them five questions - whether he has committed Shetty's murder, whether he has arranged the assailants, whether he has concealed information about any other suspect other than the arrested suspect, whether he has collected blood money (supari) from a infrastructure company for committing the murder of Shetty and whether he had collected bribe from the said company for diverting the line of investigations.\"Andhalkar said the CBI was free to ask them any other questions pertaining to the case, if it decides to subject us to a narco analysis test.The retired inspector, who is into politics, has claimed that the policemen filing the plea were innocent and that they all have cooperated with the investigating officer %whenever they were called for interrogation.\"We have arrested the suspects in Shetty's case. If they are not the real suspects, then who has killed Shetty. The truth should come out before the public, whether the probe conducted by the Pune rural police is right or wrong\", %he asked.Asked why other policemen, whose ploygraph test were conducted by the CBI, have not given their consent for a narco test, he said the policemen, who were posted at various places, will soon join him to conduct the test.Asked why policemen were demanding to conduct \"live\" narco analysis test, Andhalkar cited an instance of Telgi, whose narco test was shown \"live\" to bring real facts of Shetty's case before the public and media so as to clear misconceptions about their alleged involvement in the case.On searches conducted at the residences of several policemen, he replied that the CBI has seized documents and a bullet from the residence of one of the police officials. Shetty, who invoked the RTI Act for unearthing land scams in Pune district, was murdered near his residence at Talegaon Dabhade on January 13, 2010. The Pune rural police had filed chargesheet against criminal lawyer Vijay Dabhade, Pramod Waghmare, Navnath Shelar, Dongrya alias Hanumant Rathod and Shyam Dabhade.The sixth suspect, Parshuram Telgu, was discharged from the murder case under section 169 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC). The CBI had taken over the probe following an order from the Bombay high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136593", "title": "Army man detained at Nagpur airport", "text": "NAGPUR: An Army jawan was detained by the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) after he strayed into the Nagpur airport under suspicious circumstances. Even as he is reported to have been released later on, in an apparent attempt to cover up the facts, there were different versions from three separate authorities \u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe airport management, CISF and the local defence officials.The defence spokesperson for Nagpur, Wing Commander Mahesh Upasni refused to comment saying that an inquiry is being conducted into the matter. However, another source from the local defence establishment said the person now posted in Punjab was on leave to Nagpur where he was duped of 50,000 by a duo. He was drugged by the miscreants and when he regained consciousness, he found himself to be at the airport, where he created a ruckus and was detained by CISF. The jawan was found at the airport terminal, he added.Senior airport director and CEO of Mihan India Limited (MIL), P Anil Kumar said he has not received any report from the CISF, and it seemed to be an incident of jawan arguing with the representatives at the counter of one of the airlines. Assistant commandant of CISF, Pauline Kob, refuted the story of the man being in a state of unconsciousness and said he was found loitering near the terminal. \"He was stopped and his credentials were checked. The man's identity was confirmed with his commander before his release,\" said Kob. However, even Kob refused to divulge the person's name. About the different versions, he called it to be a communication gap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chhapra", "code": "17136645", "title": "Panic grips Chhapra as dengue cases rise", "text": "CHHAPRA: The increase in number of dengue patients in and around Chhapra has created panic among local residents.Fed up with the inadequate arrangement of fogging machines and regular lifting of garbage from the streets, the residents on Tuesday disrupted traffic on the main thoroughfare at Sahebganj Chowk.The traffic was allowed to resume only after the arrival of Sadar SDO Vinay Kumar Pandey who assured to take up the matter with the DM and other officials.In the meantime, Saran DM Vinay Kumar has directed the Chhapra Nagar Parishad chief to take steps for the purchase of two portable fogging machines so that spraying is taken up soon. Kumar has also asked them to take up DDT spraying before dengue takes an epidemic form.It may be recalled that due to delay in giving financial powers to Chhapra Nagar Parishad, the purchase of fogging machines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17136867", "title": "Noise polluters to get away this Diwali too", "text": "BHOPAL: The district administration will not be able to deter and penalize violators of noise pollution norms, this Diwali too. Madhya Pradesh has failed to notify silent zones in the state as per the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) to regulate noise pollution.Bursting of deafening firecrackers, loud music and any activity that increases noise levels beyond the permissible limits in the silent zones are banned and is punishable with a provision of up to 7 years imprisonment and fine of up to Rs 5 lakhs.The notified silent zones primarily cover areas around courts, educational institutes and hospitals among others.In the absence of notified silent zones the provisions under Noise Pollution (Regulation and Control Amendment) Rules 2010 in Madhya Pradesh, that restricts use of deafening firecrackers during Diwali is left without any legal framework.The proposal to earmark silent-zones in the state has been pending for the last two years,\" said superintending engineer of MP pollution control board, Rakesh Shrivastava.The proposal proposed to identify silent zones in all the major cities of the state. About 200 silent zones were proposed for the state capital, Bhopal.The proposal was handed over to the municipal corporation after a presentation but there has been no progress on it, rued Shrivastava.The issue crops up every year when the Diwali festival is around, this issue crops up and subsides as soon as the festival is over, said Ajay Dube, of Prayatna, an NGO that works to create awareness against pollution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17136424", "title": "Garbage dumps contaminating groundwater: BHU", "text": "VARANASI: In their endeavour to find sources of safe drinking water, the scientists at Banaras Hindu University (BHU) have recommended the use of groundwater from the deeper strata.The scientists said due to greater depth, the groundwater from the third water-bearing horizon at the depth of 87-165m would be relatively fresh and characterized by very low concentration of dissolved solids.Kshitij Mohan, Ajai Srivastava and Praveen Kumar Rai, scientists at BHU's department of Geography conducted a study on the variation in grain size attributes of an aquifer material taken from different depths in order to establish the generalized hydrological properties and recommend the depth of the well accordingly. \"The research paper titled 'Ground water in the city of Varanasi-present status and prospects' has also been published in a reputed international journal in Poland (Questiones Geographicae Journal),\" Praveen Kumar Rai told TOI.Varanasi's water supply system is over a century old. Introduced in 1892, it was designed for a population of 2 lakh. In later stages, with increase in population and demand, additional tube wells were constructed in different parts of the city to supplement the surface/river water supply especially in the high zone areas. According to the city development plan report prepared for Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), presently, the average per capita water production (excluding Cantonment and BHU campus) is approximately 275 lpcd.Actual water consumption is not possible to determine since most services are un-metered. As noted in a report of Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) on the state of the environment for Varanasi, there is acute shortage of water because the distribution system is not well developed. Findings from the CPCB report indicate that supply of water is only 60 lpcd in the trans-Varuna area, which is on the lower side of the norms for the same, the scientists said.The Ganga takes care of approximately 45% of the water supply of the town while 50% of the water supply is met out of 112 deep tube wells operated by Jal Sansthan. The remaining 5% is supplied by 1559 publicly and privately owned hand pumps. To examine the quality of water, Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) had conducted a detailed study on 'Water Quality Management Plan for Ganga River' covering entire stretch of Ganga from Rishikesh to Kolkata. It was found that the condition worsens in the middle stretch of the river (from Kanpur to Varanasi).The quality of water in Varanasi is found to be much below the ISI standards and even after 17 years of implementation of GAP, some researchers have declared that Ganga water in Varanasi also is not fit even for human bathing. The main reason for the pollution of Ganga water is the pollution coming from industries and urban wastewater.But, the status of the quality of groundwater, which is the major source of water supply in the town, was not covered in JNNURM report. According to the BHU scientists, the ground water is polluted due to nitrate and faecal coliform. To fulfill the growing demand of fresh water, new water bearing horizon of the most affected part of the city \u00e2\u20ac\u201d southern part is to be identified. From the grain size analysis and hydrological study it may be concluded that water bearing zones are mainly found in three horizons at the depths 44-56m, 56-87m, and 87-165m.The third water bearing horizon (total thickness being 78 m) can act as a good potential ground water horizon. The water intake points from river Ganga are at two levels, but when the water level goes down below these two suction points, which often happens, the intake system fails to draw water from the river. This is the reason why there is dependence on ground water.In Varanasi, there used to be many ponds and tanks dating back to the ancient period. Besides serving as holy places for Hindu religious rituals, they also played an important role in rainwater collection and thereby served as sources for ground water replenishment. In total, 118 ponds and tanks in the city have been documented.However, due to rapid expansion of the city, most of these sacred ponds have been wiped out from the map of the city. The investigation revealed that 44 ponds were replaced by settlements. This shows utter disregard of environmental conservation to accommodate growing population. Lack of Public awareness on the importance of these ponds aggravated the situation as the existing ponds were wither completely or partially filled up with waste.The study states that garbage is mainly responsible for contamination of the city's ground water. The solid and liquid waste generated from household and industrial activities are dumped and released in uncontrolled sites. The waste is disposed of in low lying areas of the city where the tanks and ponds are located, which were once important sources of ground water recharge in the city.The treated sewage water, being good for plants, is widely channeled to irrigate crops. Persistent leaching of the dissolved nitrate content of the liquid waste downwards through the irrigated soil possibly induced enrichment of nitrate content in ground water of the city. Besides, poor sewerage and drainage facilities, leakage of human excreta from very old septic tanks, and application of nitrogenous fertilizer might have also contributed to nitrate enrichment in the ground water.The use of chemical fertilizers and pesticides in agricultural fields in the surrounding sub-urban sectors for cultivation purposes has further augmented the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135298", "title": "At trade fair, free tips on disaster management", "text": "NEW DELHI: This Diwali, visitors to the India International Trade Fair will enjoy two advantages: they will have more options to choose from with more exhibitors around, and they will also learn a lesson or two in disaster management.In its 32nd year, the fair organized by India Trade Promotion Organisation (ITPO) will have two new participants this time\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe National Disaster Management Authority and National Disaster Response Force. \"They will conduct three demonstrations during the trade fair: two will be on disaster management in earthquakes, and one will be on biological attacks,\" said Rita Menon, chairperson and managing director, ITPO.The fair will be on from November 14 to November 27 and inaugurated by President Pranab Mukherjee. The function will be attended by the prime minister of this year's partner country, Republic of Belarus.\"The focus country this year is South Africa while the state in focus is the Union territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands. Many state ministries, departments and the private sector will attend the fair,\" said Menon. The theme for this year's fair is 'skilling India' and will have over 6,000 exhibitors, both domestic and international.Menon said nine countries, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh, China, Cuba and Pakistan, will have their own pavilions at the fair. \"At least 57 companies from Belarus will set up stalls. Business to business cooperation will be a priority,\" said Menon. Last year the trade fair had 22,000 business visitors and 1.5million general visitors.This year, ITPO has also introduced a new cellphone application compatible with Android phones, Blackberry and i-Phones through which Delhiites can receive any information related to the fair.\"We have also shifted the business lounge from gate number 3 to gate number 1 in order to reduce congestion on Mathura Road,\" Menon said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17137234", "title": "Vadodara mayor meets Kamatibaug walkers", "text": "VADODARA: Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) mayor Jyoti Pandya visited the Sayajibaug popularly called as the Kamatibaug on Wednesday morning to meet morning walkers who have been protesting the multimedia laser fountain planned there. The mayor assured those present at the garden that the civic body will be sensitive to the demands raised by them.The VMC is adopting a cautious approach on the project in wake of the fact that the polls are around the corner and it would rather avoid a full-blown controversy over the issue. It is also treading carefully due to the fact that the garden was made under the reign of Maharaja Sayajirao III whose 150th birth anniversary year is being celebrated.The mayor assured the gathering that any step would be taken only after taking into account the views of those who use the garden regularly.Pandya has already announced earlier that the work would be suspended till deliberations between a group of five representatives selected by the protestors and an equal number from the VMC reached a conclusion over the issue.\"We are aware of the fact that the group is very attached to the garden and is actually concerned. Even we are sensitive to their opinions and any further developments will take place only after the meetings between their and VMC representatives,\" Pandya said. The mayor has also promised the group that the VMC would think over their demand that the fountain should come up at some other place.The morning walkers and regular users of the garden are now also planning to get more organised in their approach. One of the regular users and morning walkers Deepak Shah, who is among the group actively pursuing the issue, said that they were planning to make an association of the regular users. \"This will make things more systematic for the present issue and even the future,\" Shah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "rae bareli(up)", "code": "17135562", "title": "Sonia Gandhi makes a fashion statement during NIFT event", "text": "RAE BARELI(UP): UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi made her reservation about the recent trend of Indian fashion to \"overdo and over-embellished\" dresses public. Speaking at the convocation of National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) on Wednesday, she said too much effort \"overshadows\" wearers, making them feel uncomfortable and the dresses also lack elegance.She added a \"personal\" note about her sense of fashion that encompasses simplicity, affordability and elegance. \"In recent years, I have noticed a trend in Indian fashion to overdo, to over-embellished clothes. Sometimes a single garment will have zardozi, beads, sequence, patchwork as well as crystals...In my view, fashion does not mean opulence,\" she said. Sonia, who has been setting the agenda for her party supporters to be simple, said that adding more ornamentation to garments is easy, but that does not make them fashionable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17136205", "title": "5 saved from drowning off Baga beach", "text": "Calangute: Lifeguards saved five tourists, including two women from Pune, in Baga on Tuesday afternoon.The group of five tourists, aged between 19 and 25 years, all from Pune, were swimming in a no-swim zone at around 4.50pm and were around 30m off shore when they started experiencing a sudden pull seaward in the water and were struggling to swim back. Lifeguards on the shore who had been observing them noticed them gesturing for help and rushed to their rescue with rescue tubes and a surfboard. All five were then secured to the rescue board and tubes and brought safely to shore.Their names were given as Prasad Kaskar, Shahrukhar Ali, Shambhavi Mudbal, Sindura Gaiwad and Mugdha Kulkarni. They were later allowed to go after being given safety advice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "anandpur sahib/chandigarh", "code": "17136123", "title": "Canadian PM Stephen Harper visits birthplace of Khalsa in Punjab", "text": "ANANDPUR SAHIB/CHANDIGARH: Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and his wife, Laureen, on Wednesday offered prayers at Khalsa Panth's birth place here, paid obeisance at the Keshgarh Sahib Gurdwara and visited Virasat-e-Khalsa complex that depicts history of Sikhism in art and paintings.Harper wore a dark brown, blue stripped suit and a maroon-dotted tie, while Laureen spotted a green and white knee-length one-piece dress, green scarf and a blue pullover.Sensitive to the Sikh rituals, Harper had come prepared to have his head covered, with a cream silk head scarf, before he entered Keshgarh Sahib to offer prayers. He spent nearly 10-minute inside the shrine.Tenth Sikh master Guru Gobind Singh had baptised first five Sikhs (Panj Piaras) and founded the Khalsa in Anandpur Sahib on April 13, 1699.The couple is said to have appreciated the gurudwara interiors, especially the carving and the artwork on its ceiling and walls.Earlier, Harper and his wife arrived in an Indian Air Force helicopter from Chandigarh along with nearly 40-member delegation including Indian-origin Canadian businessmen and politicians.Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal and his cabinet minister Adesh Pratap Singh Kairon also visited the shrine with the visitors.Harper was presented robe of honor (siropa) and shawl at the shrine. Also, at the memorial site, Badal gave Harper a painting of Sri Harmandar Sahib (golden temple), a shawl and a sword.Harper described his visit as a ''wonderful experience''.Later, the couple met Punjab Governor Shivraj Patil in Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17137351", "title": "Like animals, we too can smell fear: Researchers", "text": "NEW YORK: Humans can sniff fear and disgust, and the emotions are contagious, a new study has found, suggesting we communicate via smell just like other animals.\"These findings are contrary to the commonly accepted assumption that human communication runs exclusively via language or visual channels,\" researchers led by Gun Semin from Utrecht University in the Netherlands said. Most animals communicate using smell, however, because humans lack the same odour-sensing organs, scientists thought we had long ago lost our ability to smell fear or other emotions, the Live Science reported.To find out, a team of scientists collected sweat from under the armpits of 10 men while they watched either frightening scenes from the horror movie 'The Shining' or repulsive clips of MTV's \"Jackass\" . The researchers asked 36 women to take a visual test while they unknowingly inhaled the scent of men's sweat. When women sniffed 'fear sweat', they opened their eyes wide in a scared expression, while those smelling sweat from disgusted men scrunched their faces into a repulsed grimace.The team chose men as the sweat donors and women as the receivers because past research suggests women are more sensitive to men's scent than vice versa. The findings suggest that humans can communicate at least some emotions by smell, which could prove useful in crowded places, researchers said. \"Our research suggests emotional chemo-signals can be potential contributors to emotional contagion in situations involving dense crowds,\" the authors said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17136524", "title": "Student's love affair leads to attack on teacher", "text": "KOCHI: A teacher bore the brunt of a love episode when he was brutally attacked by a group of persons for informing the parents of a girl student about her love affair. Police suspect that the attack on Ajesh (27) of Cheriappilly house, Marampilly was carried out by extremist elements that supported the person who was in love with the girl.Ajesh is running a tutorial college at Marampilly near Perumbavoor and the girl was studying in it. The incident occurred on Tuesday night when Ajesh was returning home after closing the tuition centre. He was attacked by two persons who came on a motorcycle. Ajesh suffered serious injuries and was admitted to a private hospital in Perumbavoor.Police said Anzeer, hailing from Vazhakkulam, used to visit the girl regularly at the tutorial centre. Ajesh questioned Anzeer and informed the girl's parents about the incident.Anzeer got enraged over this and on November 3, a group of persons beat up Ajesh and threatened him. After the incident, Anzeer went the Gulf on Sunday.Ajesh also lodged a complaint against Anzeer in connection with the incident. Thadiyittaprambu police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17136225", "title": "Cabinet approves Tillari project cost", "text": "PANAJI: The state cabinet on Wednesday approved a financial gross cost for the Tillari irrigation project which has increased to 1,612 crore and out of which Goa's share is 1,052 crore. The initial cost of the project was estimated at 217 crore.When the project started (in 1986), it was supposed to irrigate 16,978ha, of which the current potential is 14,521ha. Of this, about 4,000ha is in Pernem taluka and about 10,500ha is in Bardez and Bicholim talukas.\"My guesstimate is that about 10,000ha will ultimately be benefited from irrigation. The cultivable area is about 4,000ha in Pernem of which about 2,000ha is already under cultivation,\" said chief minister Manohar Parrikar .Approximately, 17% of the total quantum of water is 621 million cubic metre, of which 115 million cubic metre is for drinking purpose, he said, while adding that \"taking that into consideration and other aspects, the cost of the Tillari project is nothing less than 60 lakh per hectare of irrigated land\".\"Around 150 crore is the balance, but we are waiting for them to do lots of other exercises. There is also a 10MW power plant at Tillari and technically we should have a share in it. All these aspects are being thrashed out and ultimately, that amount will be paid,\" Parrikar said.Asked how the Goa government will deal with the issue of rehabilitation of affected people in Maharashtra, the chief minister said that all issues will be dealt in accordance with the memorandum of understanding signed by the two states.Asked whether the Goa government would give jobs to Maharashtrians affected by the project, Parrikar said they are equally eligible for jobs in Goa and that the Goa government would relax the clause of 15 years (domicile) if required. But Parrikar stressed that nothing would be done that is not in the memorandum of understanding (MoU).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17137365", "title": "14-year-old boy dies of fever, dengue suspected", "text": "RAJKOT: A boy suspected to be suffering from dengue died in the city on Wednesday. Sources said that 14-year-old Amirul Sheikh, a native of Kolkata, succumbed to the fever after falling ill some days back.He had come to Rajkot a year ago in search of employment and was staying with his elder brother in Kanaknagar on Saint Kabir Road. He was employed at an imitation jewellery unit.He was admitted to a local hospital three days ago and then shifted to the Civil Hospital on Tuesday where he died.Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) sources said more than 108 positive cases of dengue have been reported this year. However, health department officials of RMC said they are waiting for the report to confirm whether Sheikh died of dengue or some other ailment.Last week, a six-year-old girl from Narayannagar had succumbed to dengue fever. Sources said that nine persons, mostly children, have died of dengue in the last one month across Saurashtra and Kutch region. The worst affected districts are Kutch, Junagadh, Bhavnagar and Amreli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17137719", "title": "Dhoni\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s kin to sue builder for defamation", "text": "RANCHI: Family members of Team India skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni are preparing to file a cheating FIR and a defamation suit against the builders. The matter relates to a property purchased by Dhoni in Doranda near Yuvraj Palace some three years ago. The commercial property, measuring 14,000 square feet and spread on three floors of Shivam Plaza complex, was built by Durga Developers and sold to Dhoni in 2009. According to his brother-in-law Gautam Gupta, the property was registered the same year.Financing institution Housing and Urban Development Corporation ( HUDCO) recently pasted a notice of property attachment on the complexes built by Durga Developers, which includes the property owned by Dhoni. Responding to the notice, Gupta said it was nothing but an effort to tarnish their image. \"Dhoni has made full payment for the property and there is no question of it being attached,\" he said, blaming the builders who kept them in dark about outstanding dues with the financial institution (HUDCO in this case). \"It is impractical on part of any customer to verify if the developer had sought a loan on the property and sold them off without clearing the dues,\" he said.Charging the builders Anil Jha and Niloy Jha of cheating them by selling a mortgaged property, Gupta said that on several previous occasions the builders had clarified that they had no loans on the part of property that was sold to Dhoni. \"We will try to settle the matter amicably, but as far as defamation is concerned they have to bear the cost,\" Gautam said.Sources close to Dhoni said that the family extended a helping hand to the builders when they were trying to establish their enterprise. In return for the financial assistance, the builder had pledged a commercial portion of the building that had approved plan for G+8. Gupta said that the site has not yet been developed and despite claiming to construct G+8 building, the developers have not constructed beyond four stories yet. \"We would not have dragged them to court had he been honest with the deals and since it is bringing bad name to Mahi, we have no option but to claim damages from the developers,\" Gupta added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135188", "title": "400 markets, trade fair venue on cops\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 radar in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the threat of a terror strike looming large, Delhi Police is making unprecedented efforts to put elaborate security arrangements in place before Diwali. Having conclusive evidence that crowded market places are a favourite target for both LeT and IM, cops have compiled a list of over 400 markets that require a tight security cover. Even the Special Cell is working overtime to trace Raju Bhaiya \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the man who arranged logistics for the Pune bombers arrested from the capital.As part of the exercise, cops conducted a survey of markets across the capital that witness massive footfalls during the festive season. The survey, that was last carried out in 2008 after the serial blasts, has seen the number of such market places increase by 80. New additions to the list include high-end shopping complexes and malls. Police personnel will also keep a hawk's eye on the venue of the International Trade Fair. In a first, security agencies will scan the entire venue every night after the trade fair closes to ensure that no explosives have made their way inside.Another survey by Delhi Police has found 200 border areas from where people can gain easy entry to the city. The top cop has given strict orders to area SHOs to discontinue attempts to sell wares from foothpaths and roadsides before Diwali. The police brass is mulling stringent action against SHOs if the orders are not followed. Market associations have also been told not to tolerate such practices.\"During the festive season, shopkeepers tend to display their goods on foothpaths and even on thoroughfares. We want to warn them that such encroachments are illegal,\" a police order said. Though sources say that traders are up in arms against the order, cops insist that they will stick to their plans. \"We didn't allow organizers to constructed gates during Durga Puja and Ramlila. Though we faced opposition, we managed to curb the practice,\" said a police officer. Spotters will be deployed at all major markets to identify potential troublemakers. Members of the bomb disposal squad are not allowed to go on leave during Diwali.Organizers have been told to follow 23 essential guidelines during the festivities, including arrangement of both hand held and door frame metal detectors across all entrances (an old clause), and bomb blankets and sand bags. Trained guards must be deployed at venues and all of them should carry a wireless communication system with them, cops have said.Earlier, TOI had reported how Delhi Police has made a list of 'vital installations', the areas most vulnerable to terror strikes. After a research on threat perception, cops have drawn a list of 460 such installations, including the residences of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, the President, buildings like India Gate, some important markets like Paharganj, Sarojini Nagar and Connaught Place, majority of the Metro stations, government buildings and headquarters of Delhi Police and Central Bureau of Investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135527", "title": "Tax officer held for taking bribe", "text": "NEW DELHI: A property tax official of south corporation was caught red-handed by the CBI for taking Rs 25,000 bribe from a resident of Sawan Nagar.\"He is a property tax inspector with the central zone of south corporation. He had demanded Rs 50,000 as bribe from a resident of Sawan Nagar. The resident had informed us about him. Our officials caught him red-handed taking bribe of Rs 25,000. He is going to be in CBI custody for two days,\" said Dharini Mishra, CBI spokesperson.While CBI is investigating the matter, the South corporation is planning to prepare a list of officers who have been in a sensitive position for more than two years. \"It is a serious matter. We will ask commissioner to prepare a list of officers who have been on sensitive posts for more than two years. Now, we will ensure that all officials are posted after regular intervals,\" said Rajesh Gehlot, chairman, standing committee, South corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "gadchiroli", "code": "17136071", "title": "Dark age looms Gadchiroli", "text": "GADCHIROLI: The government was keen to use industry and power to turn the wheels of fortune for the tribal district of Gadchiroli where the Naxal guerillas had been thwarting the state-owned establishments and its institutions. The Reds managed to achieve their goal with a few bombs and bullets leaving the government dilly-dallying despite several crores going down the drain due to poorly implemented schemes. The abandoned structures of closed industrial units in the MIDC area and boards put up by MSEDCL outside the remote hamlets like Pathargota, Tulmel, Yengaon and others stating that the electricity connection to the locality has been 'khandit' or snapped is a shocking reality against the plans prepared in the airconditioned chambers of bureaucrats seated in Mumbai.Despite the promise of the state home and guardian minister RR Patil, electricity supply has eluded 206 villages in the Naxal affected district. There are 62 villages where power has not reached till date. In the rest of the 144, the supply has been snapped due to non-payment of bills. Pendhri in Dhanora taluka has been waiting since 20 years for the proposed 33KV sub-station to come up. At present, the village gets power supply from the Gatta sub-station. \"The voltage is low in Pendhri. Around 40 villages ahead of Pendhri too suffer from low voltage,\" said a source. In another case, the substation at 33KV Sawela village in Gadchiroli sub-division was made functional after a two-decade wait. The sub-station's work has been once again interrupted due to developments of technical snag. While touring the district, TOI found the sub-station dysfunctional. In a similar fashion, the 33KV sub-station in Kotgul too has no takers. It was learnt that the contractor, who was supposed to complete the work after the order was issued, did not turn up. The rate of power consumption in Gadchiroli is equal to that in Pune and Mumbai.In Gadchiroli, the reading cannot be taken in many interior villages where the average bill is generated. The bills are often on the higher side. \"Once the supply is cut, the penalty needs to be paid. It is a lose-lose situation as we are asking for more money where the consumer is not being able to pay the actual bill amount. So neither the MSEDCL nor the tribals are benefitted,\" he said. In a bid to kick-start the industrialization of the backward district, the government started various schemes offering subsidies and other sops to entrepreneurs.The various schemes, floated in different years, have failed. Except the rice mills and related industries, the others have mostly failed for various reasons apart from the omnipotent Naxal threat which have often led to serious losses to the both private and public properties. It has come to the fore that around 22 units, including that of an ex-minister, have bitten the dust so far. Sources in the district industrial centre (DIC) said that these units have been already provided with subsidies in cash but they failed leading to the loss of the government funds.\"Before 2010, a unit was supposed to remain operational for a minimum 15 years after being selected for the cash-based subsidized scheme. After the new policy in 2011, the unit needed to operate for only five years after the receipt of the last installment of the incentive,\" said a senior DIC official.\"We have initiated recovery process against 13,\" he said. It was also learnt that one of the defaulting unit belonged to the ex-minister. Social worker Chandrashekar Bharange, who had filed queries under the RTI Act, said, \"Many entrepreneurs took the incentives and left stating their units failed,\" he said.Around 109 units were selected in the package scheme of incentives floated in 2001. Eight units have been shut down on paper but TOI found several more in a dilapidated condition. Out of eight, some of the companies did not file returns before the DIC which included that of an ex-minister and Congress MLA from Chimur Vijay Wadettiwar's Shiwani Diary products. The unit was provided Rs 35 lakh as an incentive but then it was closed down within a short period. The unit was handed over to another which also failed to operate it. Wadettiwar said that he tried to start a diary products farm but faced huge losses as the milk production and supply was inadequate.\"Before withdrawing, I suffered losses to the tune of Rs one crore,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17137478", "title": "Snag leaves Central Railway reeling from system failure, gives commuters nightmares", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway's service disruption on Wednesday evening ended in the worst nightmare a pregnant woman can have: getting trapped in public. Prerna Kumari (30; name changed) was in a local when it stopped between Sandhurst Road and Masjid Bunder.\"She wanted to go home to Thane. She was clearly unwell and was complaining of giddiness,\" said co-passenger Pallavi Prabhu (40), a marketing manager. Though she was in a hurry to reach her Colaba home after a long day's work and so was planning to get off the train and take a cab after crossing the tracks, Prabhu felt she could not leave behind the seven-month pregnant Kumari.\"I and another passenger held her and brought her down from the train. Then, holding her, we walked along the tracks to Masjid station,\" said Prabhu. \"The bridge outside was overcrowded. After walking for a while, we managed to stop a small vehicle carrying goods. We pleaded with the driver to take us to the main road as we were unfamiliar with the area.\"They reached a police chowkie and sought help. \"Thankfully, the cops rushed to our aid,\" said Prabhu. \"They halted a bus and put Kumari on it. Breathing a sigh of relief, I started looking for a cab. I hope Kumari reached home safe .\"'Faulty pantograph design to blame'CR officials have blamed the design of the pantograph used in Siemens rakes for Wednesday's incident. \"The exact cause is not yet known. But judging from experience, it can be said that the single-arm design is responsible for the incident, an official said. \"The diamond-shaped double-arm pantograph design of the older rakes is more suitable for tracks that have sharp curves\u00e2\u20ac\u201dlike the ones on CR. Near CST, trains have to negotiate a curve of 14 degrees and singlearm pantographs tend to get entangled with overhead wires here. Siemens rakes are also run on WR, but there are no curves on the tracks there.\"Times View: Poor disaster management exposed once againWednesday's chaos should be an eye-opener for the authorities. CR should have informed passengers about the problem through the public address system, and disaster management agencies should have coordinated and acted swiftly to deploy additional buses. Also, cellular operators should have been roped in to convey information about the rail disruption through SMS. Such measures would have helped people to take efficient commuting decisions, thus preventing traffic jams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "17137079", "title": "Three years on, drinking water project remains dry", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: It's been three years since a drinking water project was announced in Kalasa, known as the Kashi of south India. But not a single drop has reached the people of this town in Mudigere taluk in Chikmagalur.For, the project is yet to receive clearance from the forest department even as 60 per cent of the work has been completed. So while the bountiful Bhadra river flows near the town, people of Kalasa have no access yet to permanent drinking water supply. In 2009, the government decided to solve the water crisis of this small town, nestled in the foothills of Kudremukh mountains, and sanctioned Rs 2.60 crore for a drinking water project.It did so without assessing the complications of sanctioning a project in a reserve forest. The project was entrusted to the Zilla Panchayat engineering division which too was apparently oblivious of the forest laws that prohibit non forestry activities in reserve forest.ZP engineers constructed jack well and intake well to draw water from Honnekadu rivulet which is 12 km from Kalasa town. When they began construction of water treatment plant and also the check dam to draw water, the forest department woke up and intervened. They objected to the work, saying clearance must be sought from the central empowerment committee to build treatment plant as the check dam falls in reserve forest area.Work was abruptly stopped and it has been three years since a nod from the Union environment and forests ministry and CEC is being awaited.The people of Kalasa attribute this to the lack of foresight of the engineering department. They said the project was started in haste, without taking into account permission from other departments. The ignorance and apathy of the officials have led to this situation, they say, especially when 60 percent of the work has been completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17136236", "title": "Not yet RIP for River Princess", "text": "PANAJI: A fairly large chunk of the 19,361-tonne grounded vessel, River Princess, continues to lie in the seabed at Candolim beach, partly exposed and partly embedded, after removal of 11,300 tonnes of scrap from the vessel in May 2012, sources said.Almost 12 years after the 240-metre long ore carrier ran aground 300 metres off the Sinquerim-Candolim seashore, the vessel was declared to have been removed by Mumbai-based Arihant Ship Breakers in May. The firm is to be paid Rs 99 crore for dismantling the ship.\"A large piece of the ship is still lying at the spot where the vessel had grounded,\" a source said. Fishermen and divers from the area have confirmed that metal can be seen partly exposed at the site. The ship's cutting helped recover about 60% of the ship's original weight and sources said a sizeable part of 40% of the unaccounted wreckage continues to be partly submerged in the sea bed.National institute of oceanography (NIO), which surveyed the area last month submitted its report on Friday but the government is yet to reveal the findings. Most top tourism officials are in London for the world travel mart. Tourism department is the vessel's owner.NIO scientists are not willing to comment about the findings. A representative of Arihant conceded that some debris may have remained at the site, but declined to comment further.After Arihant had submitted its project completion report in May, the government had engaged Navi Mumbai-based marine survey company New Horizon Surveys to carry out a hydrographic survey to verify the ship breakers' claims. The data gathered by the firm was analyzed by national hydrographic office (NHO) and NIO experts, who raised several queries about the incomplete data.\"The correct geographic position of the vessel is not yet incorporated as discussed in the meeting in August,\" a report of the tourism department stated. Agreed an official, \"The report was incomplete and did not have enough data for proper analysis by NHO Dehra Dun.\" Data was to be forwarded to Dehra Dun after NHO local office and NIO examined it.Speculation is rife that part of the wreckage may have been stolen a few years back. Former MLA, Agnelo Fernandes had raised the issue in the assembly in the mid-2000s, alleging that activity during the night raised doubts about pilferage of the ship's metal.Sources said cutting metal from the ship is not easy and requires much infrastructure to salvage and transport it from the site. \"Pilferage and loss due to rust may have accounted for a small fraction of the missing 8,000-odd tonnes of the ship,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17137215", "title": "Second coming of Obama: IT might hurt, but otherwise good for India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bangalore and Gurgaon might be unhappy with the victory of Barack Obama, given his staunch and oft-repeated opposition to outsourcing. Mitt Romney had supported outsourcing, but Obama's win could hurt the Indian IT sector. That's probably the only negative of an Obama win from an Indian point of view.The India-US agenda for the next few years is fairly well delineated. The focus is expected to be on energy, education, defence technology and a growing strategic agenda. On the strategic front, both countries have hit a sweet spot with India and the US reaching a commonality of approach to China, the Middle East, Afghanistan, Africa and maritime security.While George Bush and the nuclear deal put India-US ties on a higher footing, Obama, after an initial sputter, has taken the relationship forward. Obama's promise of withdrawing US troops from Afghanistan by 2014 is a worry for New Delhi which fears the possibility of a hostile regime returning in Kabul. These fears are somewhat tempered by the realization that even post withdrawal, the US will still have the biggest security footprint in Afghanistan, with special forces and air bases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136340", "title": "Truck knocks 16-year-old girl dead", "text": "NAGPUR: A 16-year-old girl lost her life while her friend escaped narrowly when a speeding truck knocked her down at Bharat Nagar on Wednesday afternoon. Around 3 pm, Priyanka Yerpude alias Shalu was going on her cycle to tuition class to Bharat Nagar under Kalamna police station with her friend Nitu Gole who was riding parallel on another cycle.The accident took place at short distance from Priyanka's house. As the Standard X student left home she called her neighbour and friend Nitu who would accompany her daily. Both crossed the main road and were about to take a turn for their tuition classes when the truck driver coming from behind grazed past.Eyewitnesses said Priyanka failed to balance the cycle and came under the rear wheels of the truck. Police said she suffered head injuries but was alive. \"However, she was declared brought dead at Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital ( IGGMCH),\" said police.Police informed that truck driver Nitesh Malviya was about to hit Gole's cycle. However, she took her cycle to the side narrowly escaping death. Malviya's tried to flee the spot but was chased and nabbed by the people. There was tension for a few minutes until cops reach the spot. It was learnt that the residents even pelted stones at the truck. Malviya (22), a resident of Seoni in Madhya Pradesh, was arrested by Kalamna police.Priyanka's death has shattered her parents and younger brother.In the last three days, this has been fifth death in road mishaps. On Monday night, three people including a GRP police constable were killed in bikes' collision at Vaishali Nagar. On Tuesday afternoon, a woman died and two others were injured when a speeding tractor hit their bike near Daga hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135418", "title": "Time to rise above politics: Randhir Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Raising the pitch ahead of the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) elections, prospective presidential candidate Randhir Singh hit back at his detractors on Wednesday asking IOA voters not to be carried away by \"divisive tactics.\"Without taking names, the IOA secretary general took a dig at the 2010 Commonwealth Games organizing committee chairman Suresh Kalmadi and secretary general Lalit Bhanot saying that he had decided not to contest in elections because of the \"mess created by numerous scams\" during the Games.While Kalmadi has decided not to contest elections, Bhanot is likely to contest for the post of secretary general.\"I had made up my mind not to contest these elections last year because of the mess created by the numerous scams regarding the 2010 Commonwealth Games. What should have been the IOA's finest hour has unfortunately, because of the actions of a few, opened us up for ridicule,\" he wrote in a mail to IOA members.\"However, my senior colleagues in the IOA and eminent sportspersons prevailed on me to reconsider my decision for the sake of Indian sport which is going through a turbulent time.\"Randhir's letter came a day after presidents of wrestling, weightlifting and badminton federations expressed their support for the other prospective candidate Abhay Singh Chautala.They said Randhir should not contest the elections and asked him to work with IOA as an advisor.\"The IOA has reason to celebrate after an unprecedented medal haul in the London Olympics. This is the time for Indian sports movement to take the next step... This is the time to stand up united,\" Randhir wrote in the letter.\"As we lead up towards the IOA elections, it's sad to learn that there are elements who are unnecessarily dividing the Olympic movement. We should all rise above these petty politics.\"He added: \"I look forward to your support for my candidature for the president of the IOA. Let us not get carried away by divisive tactics. We have a duty to the sportspersons of the country. Together we can change the negative perception that has been built up in the minds of our countrymen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17137470", "title": "Emerging Chinese leaders 'unknown quantities' in India", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese vice president Xi Jinping , who is set to become the Communist Party general secretary and the next president, has not met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh or any important Indian leader over the past five years. Xi has visited over 50 countries in the run up to his expected elevation as president, but skipped visiting India - China's big neighbour and an important business rival. Neither Xi nor vice premier Li Keqiang, tipped to be the next premier, have visited India in more than a decade.Former external affairs minister S M Krishna never got to meet Xi during his several visits to Beijing. This is surprising because visiting foreign leaders make it a point to meet the man tipped to be the next president.The only Indian leader of prominence Xi met was former President Pratibha Patil during her Beijing visit in 2010. There were initial discussions by foreign ministries of the two countries for a planned visit to India by Xi. But the two sides could not firm up dates and the visit never took place.Both Xi and Li have skipped touring Pakistan, a country routinely visited by Chinese leaders, in the past five years. However, Xi has visited Bangladesh , and also hosted a dinner for Pakistani president Asif Ali Zardari in Beijing last June.While some observers believe China would stick to its traditional preference for policy continuity and the next generation of leaders would refrain from making major changes, others say the new leaders are likely to directly connect with India and its leaders. The question is, they say, whether the next generation of leaders may be planning a review of the relationship with India and Pakistan.Chinese leaders have to deal with simmering discontent in some quarters over the country's favorable policies towards Islamabad . On two occasions, Communist Party's provincial leaders in the border Xinjiang region have blamed Pakistan for separatism in the province. But the central government has continued to praise Pakistan for being at the \"forefront of the war against terror\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17138093", "title": "Science exhibition begins in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The three-day 40th Jawahar Lal Nehru children science exhibition-2012 began at a city-based college here on Wednesday. The exhibition was organized under the aegis of NCERT.Children from various schools presented over 100 models on six different subjects including industry, natural resources and their conservation, transport and communication, information &amp; technology, community health &amp; environment and mathematics. Former vice-chancellor of Allahabad University, Prof HP Tiwari inaugurated the exhibition.Prof Tiwari on the occasion said such types of events generate curiosity of learning, increasing their IQ level and imagination power among children and teachers and children come closer and share experiences and ideas. By participating, children are able to improve their skills and learn more and more.Experts on the occasion viewed the models being prepared by junior and senior children and appreciated their efforts. The exhibition will be held till November 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17135057", "title": "Koch Rajbongshi body slams govt for Scheduled Tribes list non-inclusion", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All Assam Koch Rajbongshi Sanmilani (AAKRS) on Wednesday slammed the state government for delaying inclusion of the Koch-Rajbongshis in the list of Scheduled Tribes (plains) for over a decade now.The Sanmilani had submitted a memorandum to Union tribal affairs minister V Kishore Chandra Deo in New Delhi sometime back.\"The Union minister promised us that the matter will be discussed in the coming Lok Sabha session, but nothing came out of it. Surprisingly we found that the state government has also failed to pursue the demand despite tall promises,\" said Deva Saikia, president of the Sanmilani on Wednesday.The Koch-Rajbongshi community in the state had enjoyed tribal status for a year from January 1996. But the status was not extended after January 1997 following an ordinance.The state's plains tribes and other backward class welfare minister Rajib Lochan Pegu had said that the Registrar General of India had in 2003 rejected inclusion of the Koch-Rajbongshis in the list of Scheduled Tribes (plains) on the grounds that as the community had embraced Hinduism, it had lost its tribal characteristic long ago.\"There are more than 70 lakh Koch Rajbonghis in the state who are in a sorry state of affairs due to the reluctant nature of the government. The chief minister, however, repeatedly promised the community, the Koch Rajbongshis are still to get its real status and political rights,\" he added.After the Registrar General of India rejected the inclusion of Koch Rajbongshis in ST plain list, the state government had adopted a resolution to press their demand for the inclusion of the Koch-Rajbongshis to the Centre in 2004, along with the Tai Ahoms, the Chutias, the Morans, the Motoks and the Tea and Ex-tea Tribe in the ST list.Koch Rajbongshi is an ancient tribe originally from the ancient Koch kingdom, spreading throughout West Bengal and Assam.The Sanmilani also demanded to reserve at least 70 seats for tribals in the house of 126 in the state cabinet. \"If tribal people will not be given chance to rule the state, there will be surely a conflict of identity for the people of the state in the future,\" Saikia added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17136254", "title": "Speaker to set up nine standing committees", "text": "HYDERABAD: Speaker of the state legislative assembly Nadendla Manohar has decided to constitute standing committees on the lines of the standing committees in Parliament to facilitate a thorough debate on burning issues and people's demands before they are placed in the House. A draft policy in this regard has been finalized by the rules committee of the assembly, which toured Kerala and Assam where the standing committees are already in place.In Kerala, the committees are headed by the minister concerned, but AP has chosen to follow the Delhi model to give leadership to a senior MLA. Sources said nine standing committees with members from both the assembly and the legislative council would be formed. Each committee will have 31 members -- 20 MLAs and the remaining being MLCs.\"The standing committees will enable the members to have a deeper insight into the policy-making of the government. The committees enable members to rise above the partisan party lines and to strive for the welfare of the people,\" Manohar told TOI.At present, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Goa, West Bengal , Kerala, Himachal Pradesh , Assam, Odisha, Meghalaya and Mizoram state legislatures have standing committees. \"We have chosen to follow the system practised in Parliament where the standing committees have members from both the Houses and the committee is headed by a senior member,\" legislative affairs minister D Sridhar Babu said. The standing committees will cover areas under the purview of different ministries. Ministers are not permitted to sit on these committees. \"For the first-time MLAs and MLCs, the standing committee membership will give them a chance to see how the government functions, how the policy decisions are made and the accountability of bureaucracy to the legislature,\" explained Manohar.After a formal announcement from the Speaker, training of the legislative staff will take place. \"We are hopeful that one or two standing committees will start working by the winter session,\" the Speaker added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17136468", "title": "Stage set for steep hike in property tax", "text": "HYDERABAD: The stage is set for steep hike in property tax, both residential and commercial properties, with civic officials likely to issue a draft notification on the proposed rates on Monday, a day before Diwali.The draft notification would be issued next week inviting objections and suggestions from citizens within two weeks time. After the final notification, property owners may have to cough up more property tax, mostly for the second half of the year (October-March). If the rates are approved by the corporation, the minimum property tax for residential properties would be fixed at minimum Rs 0.90 per square feet (sft) and maximum Rs 5.For instance, a resident of Madhapur area, who has been paying Rs 0.93 per sft as property tax, may have to pay Rs 4.06 after the hike. Owners of properties in bylanes, who have been paying Rs 0.84, might have to pay Rs 3.25 per sft. Similarly, residents of Jubilee Hills and Banjara Hills, who have been paying Rs 1.25 till now, would have to pay Rs 5 per sft. Likewise, owners of buildings in bylanes will have to pay Rs 4 against the existing Rs 1.10 per sft.Claiming facilities and rental values in Old City were at par with the other areas of the city, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) tax wing officials have decided to increase tax in this area also. Property owners of Uppuguda and Gowlipura have been paying Rs 1 per sft and the corporation has proposed to hike it to Rs 2.80 per sft on main roads. In slums and internal lanes, the property tax would be Rs 0.90 per sft. For Old Malkajgiri, which is considered backward as far as infrastructure facilities are concerned, the property tax in bylanes has been proposed at Rs 2.25 from the existing Rs 0.65 per sft.The corporation began the exercise of revision of property tax in June by conducting a rental survey of properties. A committee headed by senior officials, including the special commissioner, reviewed property rates proposed by deputy municipal commissioners and finalised it a few days ago.GHMC officials proposed the rates based on area, usage and building type. They classified the properties into A, B and C categories. 'A' category properties are those abutting main roads, while 'B' those in bylanes and 'C' internal areas and slums. The usages are residential and commercial and building types were broadly divided into RCC and non-RCC types.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17137352", "title": "Power cuts impact Diwali preparations in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: While Diwali is round the corner, the increase in unscheduled power cuts has become a headache for homemakers as power failures have prevented the grinding of rice, dal and chilly in flour mills. As a result, the making of delicacies has been affected. Likewise, power cuts have affected Diwali shopping during evenings too. However, TNEB officials expressed the hope that the power situation would normalise in a few days.Like everyone in the state, people here have also become accustomed to unscheduled power interruptions. However, people are expecting a reduction in power cut timings this Diwali. But on the contrary, power supply has further worsened in the past two days. Now, power supply is available only for 8 hours daily.Homemakers are now much worried as their routine has been affected. A homemaker, R Bhuvaneswari, from Srirangam said, \"It is a belief that we should prepare some sweets on Diwali. But the situation is terrible now. A big crowd is thronging flour mills seeking ingredients for sweets. During Gokulashtami, we struggled due to power cuts as we had to prepare 21 sweet varieties.\" Mill owners also cried foul over the power failure as they could not cater to the festive crowd. J Ramani, a rice and flour mill owner in Srirangam said, \"We have been running this business for the past 40 years. But we never experienced such a problem in the past. We lose not only the festive crowd but also bulk orders from regular customers due to power cuts.\"As a result of the problem, a large number of people prefer to buy sweets and savouries in shops. Some also choose readymade flour in shops to prepare refreshments.Since there is a power failure between 5pm and 7pm and 9pm and 11pm, many people who want to purchase things avoid shopping in Trichy.P Annadurai, chief engineer of TNEB, Trichy region, told TOI, \"Power generation in two thermal power stations in Ennore and Tuticorin has been affected due to technical problems. Hence power cuts have increased. But power generation will resume soon and people will not suffer much during Diwali.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17138043", "title": "Brinda takes tribal issues to governor", "text": "RANCHI: CPM politburo member Brinda Karat met governor Syed Ahmed here on Wednesday and raised some issues pertinent to tribals, especially in terms of their rights over land in the Chhottanagpur and Santhal Pargana region.She sought Ahmed's intervention into the forcible acquisition of agricultural land for industries violating provisions of CNT and SPT Acts. The CPM leader also sought the governor's intervention in directing the government to compensate the people who are being evicted in Jharia. \"The underground fire is going to engulf all colonies settled over it and there is an urgent need to relocate people. But that should not result in pushing them to inhuman conditions,\" she said. Brinda pointed out that most of the families were being pushed to one-room dwelling in far-flung areas in the name of safe rehabilitation which is making their life miserable. She said the government and mining companies would mine coal from the open cast mines once the villagers are evicted but in course of earning profit, the government should consider the fact that many people are going to lose the ancestral property and would not be able to adjust in one-room dwelling with a large family.Giving a patient hearing to the complaints, the governor asked the CPM representatives to meet the tribal cell constituted by the Raj Bhavan to give special emphasis to complaints related to violation of CNT/ SPT Acts. The OSD at the tribal cell, Prakash Oraon, was later asked to meet the complainants on Friday and come up with a report. A Raj Bhavan source said the cell is unique in handling issues related to tribals so Brinda was advised to send her partymen with specific complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17136827", "title": "Burglers escape with jewellery worth Rs 55 lakh, Rs 5 lakh cash from house", "text": "JAIPUR: In one of the major burglaries in the recent past, unidentified men barged into the residence of a gemstone businessman in Tilak Nagar and escaped with jewellery worth nearly Rs 55 lakh and Rs 5 lakh in cash in the wee hours on Wednesday. While the burglars were in the upper floor of the house, three members of the family were sleeping on the ground floor. However, their entry went unnoticed.According to the police, an organized gang of burglars could be behind the incident.Rakesh Pincha, a businessman dealing with precious and semi-precious stone, had gone outside to attend a family function on Tuesday night. When the family returned at 1.45 am, they were shocked to notice everything scattered in the multi-storey house.Raising an alarm, the businessman informed the incident to the police. Soon after, senior officers including additional commissioner of police (crime) G L Meena, rushed to the spot along with a team of experts from the forensic science laboratory.\"When we entered the house, it was found that all the safes were broken in 12 different bedrooms and other rooms. Despite the fact that three members, including Ronak Pincha, son of the victim, were sleeping on the first floor, the presence of the burglars went unnoticed,\" said Naresh Kumar, assistant commissioner of police, Adarsh Nagar.Police said that burglars, who could be more than six, had entered between 11.30 pm and 12 am and had stayed in the house for quite some time.\"They had also locked in a few domestic help in the house in a servant quarter on the ground floor before entering the first and second floor of the house,\" Naresh added.However, police was clueless on the direction from which the burglars entered the house. \"It appears that they had entered either from the terrace or the main gate of the house. We are not in a position to say much on this,\" he added.Meanwhile, senior police officers suspected that some organised gang is behind the burglary. \"We have got some concrete clues on the whereabouts of the gang. Hopefully our investigation will take us closer to them,\" said a senior police officer.The figure of stolen jewellery and other items could rise further as the victim's family was finding out what else was missing from the house.In a recent crime review meeting, senior officers of the commissionerate had asked circle inspectors and even assistant commissioners of police to start patrolling on foot to check burglaries and other crime. But the burglary in a posh locality has again put a question mark on the police claims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "17136761", "title": "Rice scam: Father's loss, son's gain", "text": "SASARAM: In a classic case of father's loss, son's gain, Bihar State Warehousing Corporation Ltd (BSWC) has suspended the contract of a contractor for allegedly siphoning off rice worth Rs 9 crore and almost by the same stroke of pen awarded the job to his son to transport the FCI ( Food Corporation of India) consignments from the rake point to the BSWC.BSWC, which functions under the state cooperative department, is the custodian of the consignments of FCI in Bihar, and the shortage of rice worth Rs 9 crore in the BSWC's Biharsharif godown was detected last year. After an inquiry by the FCI and BSWC, an FIR was lodged against the Biharsharif godown's then superintendent.Apparently not satisfied with the follow-up action, FCI's executive director (eastern) Subhash Jadu on June 19 this year wrote a letter to chief minister Nitish Kumar and apprised him of the scam. And it was only after the cooperative department's vigilance section shot off a letter to the BSWC that its MD Dilip Kumar suspended the contract of Jageshwar Yadav last week - almost 18 months after the authorities stumbled upon the scam.Not only that, when it came to assigning the job to someone else, MD Kumar found Jageshwar's son Ram Balak Yadav most suited for it. Ram Balak bagged the contract the same day.Also, the BSWC has not initiated measures for recovery of Rs 9 crore from Jageshwar. Instead, the same is being realized through deductions from monthly bills of all BSWC's contractors.MD Kumar justified the award of contract to Ram Balak. For, the father and son have separate firms, he told TOI.Not that it is a one-off case of favouritism of a funny kind. In another instance, the BSWC suspended the contract of Umesh Kumar after the 35,000 quintal of rice he was shown on paper to have transported to PDS dealers was found stocked in the BSWC godown at Bettiah. The MD didn't take cognizance of the fact that Umesh also provides transportation services to six other BSWC godowns. He has been allowed to carry on his business with the other godowns.In yet another instance, the BSWC suspended the contract of Pawan Poddar for the petty crime of not following stacking procedure in his operations at the BSWC's Sasaram godown. Unlike Umesh's, however, Pawan's contract for Aurangabad was also suspended.Asked about this pick and choose, MD Kumar said, \"Chhoriye een baato ko (Let's not talk about these)\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "17137189", "title": "Vulture chick cheers wildlife enthusiasts in Mehsana", "text": "PALANPUR: At a time when wildlife activists are making all out efforts to conserve vulture that are fast-dwindling, spotting of a newly born vulture chick in Kadi has brought smiles to enthusiasts.Recently, a pair of white-back vulture was spotted feeding its newborn atop a tree in the municipal garden in the town.Deputy conservator of social forestry in Mehsana G Ramana Murthy said, \"The birth of the chick is a very positive sign and signifies the efforts going on to save the rare species.\"\"Kadi is located in the vicinity of Thol lake. Also, there is a cattle home near by, which makes this place an ideal nesting and breeding site for white-backed vultures,\" Murthy said.\"In 2010-11, the number of the white-backed vulture was just 40 in Kadi, while this year it is 54. At present, we have 72 vultures in the district, while Kadi alone has 66 vultures,\" he said.Moreover, two wildlife activists Anil Patel and Raju Acharya have shouldered the responsibility of keeping a vigil over the garden to protect the newborn chick.\"Some pairs of white-backed birds were spotted in Banaskantha some two years back, but now they are cortically endangered and have been placed under schedule I category in the country,\" scholar and researcher of local science college professor Suresh Prajapati said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17136360", "title": "SHO allegedly beaten up by Samajwadi Party leader", "text": "KANPUR: A station house officer (SHO) was allegedly beaten up by Samajwadi Party leader and his son at the Billhaur police station on Wednesday.The incident took place when station house officer of Billhaur, Amar Singh Raghuvanshi was reprimanding a local Samajwadi Party leader, Virendra Prasad Gupta's son, Manoj Gupta for allegedly misbehaving with a police officer for not submitting a report for procuring a license for running an arms &amp; ammunition shop in his favour. Accoring to reports, the police officer in question, Dinesh Pandey is the out-post incharge. The police have arrested father-son duo for attacking the police official inside a police station. \"A case against them has been registered for the attack,\" informed a police official at the Billhaur police station.SHO, Amar Singh Raghuvanshi, who sustained bruises and injuries, said Manoj and his father Virendra Prasad Gupta attacked him while he was trying to pacify them over their misbehaviour with his subordinate Dinesh Pandey.Manoj Gupta, along with his father Virendra Prasad Gupta had gone to the police station to seek the status of an application submitted by him at the Billhaur police station for procuring a license for running an arms &amp; ammunition shop.\"Things went out of hand when he came to know that the Circle Officer had returned his file and further sought a detailed report from Billhaur police in connection with cases pending against him with the police station. He lost his temper and indulged into a fight with police out-post incharge,\" informed police sources. Raghuwanshi was rushed to a local hospital soon after the incident.The accused were later booked under various sections of the IPC including sections 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty), 323 (punishment for voluntarily causing hurt) and 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of the peace) among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135503", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcMissing\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 call centre employee returns home", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 23-year-old call centre employee, who had gone \"missing\" under mysterious circumstances on Sunday, resurfaced at his residence at Munrika in south Delhi on Tuesday. Vivek Srivastava told police he had plotted his own kidnapping as he needed money to sustain his stay in Delhi and pursue studies.According to sources, Vivek was unhappy with the Rs 12,000 salary that he was earning at the Gurgaon call centre. He spent most of the money on rent and looking after his brother who stayed with him.\"On Sunday, when his office cab arrived, he changed his voice while speaking to the driver. He had later talked to his mother and said he was kidnapped. He decided to ask for ransom money later and moved in with a friend. However, when he found that the cops were looking for him, he decided to return,\" said a senior official. Police are mulling legal action against Vivek.Vivek, a native of Varanasi in UP, had gone to his tuition centre in Govindpuri, where he was preparing for his SAP entrance, on Sunday. When he did not return home his brother and roommates started looking for him. At 4:40am his call centre cab arrived at his residence to pick him up. When the driver called on Vivek's phone, an \"unknown\" person answered saying a man was lying on the road and that he wasn't breathing. Shortly after that, his phone was switched off, said Gaurav, Vivek's cousin.Vivek's maternal uncle in Varanasi received a phone call from Vivek's phone at 5.14 am. The caller told him that Vivek wanted to speak to his mother. When his mother was handed over the phone, Vivek came on the line and said he had been beaten up brutally and that he was somewhere near a temple. He told his mother that she needed to save him or else they would kill him. The phone was switched off after that, added Gaurav.Vivek Srivastava told police he had plotted his own kidnapping as he needed money to sustain his stay in Delhi and pursue studies. Police are mulling legal action against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17139070", "title": "KSR still part of the Rajinikanth camp", "text": "The latest buzz in the industry is that director Maadesh has replaced K S Ravikumar in Kochadaiyaan. Ravikumar, who has written the film, has been overseeing its making and helping Soundarya in the direction department as well. Now, the film is in its post production stage.When CT spoke to Ravikumar, he questioned the logic of these news reports. He says, \"I was with Soundarya when she was shooting the film in London and Kerala. I helped her out with the technicalities and now, she has finished the shooting. If that's the case, how can someone replace me?\"He adds, \"The film is now in the editing stage, and I was asked to be present during the process. But, I'm busy with my Hindi film with Sanjay Dutt , and have been shooting continuously for it. I will begin its next schedule from December again. So, I won't be able to give my 100 per cent to Kochadaiyaan . I suggested they rope in another technician instead. The unit approached Maadesh, who is a good friend of mine. I told him it's a good opportunity and now, he's onboard the project.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17136852", "title": "No takers for Karnatak University Dharwad Sanskrit course", "text": "HUBLI: Sanskrit is considered the mother of all languages in India, but unfortunately it is being meted step-motherly treatment. The PG course on Sanskrit in Karnatak University, Dharwad (KUD), has had almost no takers this year. Worse, Sanskrit faculty in the department have been shifted to administration and sports department in the university.Against an intake of 10 students, this year only three students enrolled for the course. Earlier the Sanskrit department used to get around 9-10 students every year, but the number was steadily declining and it dropped to its worst count of three this academic year. B L Naduni, chairman, department of Sanskrit, KUD, said: \"We enrolled five students last year while only three students have come this year in Sanskrit department.\"One of the main reasons why students are not opting for Sanskrit at KUD is its hefty fee. They find private colleges in Dharwad offering cheaper alternatives. The fee structure in KUD for Sanskrit first year PG is around Rs 18,000 but in private colleges it comes to less than Rs 10,000.Earlier, most of the students from Dakshina Kannada used to take admission for Sanskrit in KUD. But after a local college in Kateel affiliated to Mangalore University began Sanskrit course, students from Sirsi, Siddapur, Kumta, Karwar and others parts of Dakshina Kannada are taking admission in that college. So there are very few takers for KUD's PG course, Naduni said.Then there's the problem of employment. Those who complete PG Sanskrit course have limited options. They can pursue career as priests or work as Sanskrit teachers in schools and colleges.Job opportunities for Sanskrit graduates are few and far between while there are more opportunities for students who opt for languages like Kannada or Hindi, said a Sanskrit lecturer from KUD, who didn't want to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17135771", "title": "Online power bill payment facilities slowly becoming a hit", "text": "GURGAON: It's been some time since the power discom DHBVN first launched its online payment facilities for urban consumers in Gurgaon, Faridabad and Hisar. And, according to officials, consumers in these areas are slowly but steadily starting to respond.In the month of October, the discom recovered over Rs 4 crore as electricity bills paid online from all its 13 operational sub-divisions scattered in these three districts. Although Gurgaon's share in this figure was surprisingly low, considering the number of internet users present here. Around Rs 1.1 crore was recovered in online payments from the Gurgaon circle, which was less than half of the amount collected in Faridabad, Rs 2.8 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17137381", "title": "Lion cub found dead", "text": "RAJKOT: A six-month-old male lion cub was found dead in Babravidi forest area in Veraval forest range of Junagadh district on Wednesday morning.According to officials, the cub's body was sent to animal care centre at Sasan to ascertain cause of its death.\"The postmortem report said that it was a natural death,'' range forest officer, Veraval range, B V Padsala said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17134969", "title": "Security stepped up at Itanagar zoo after tigress killing", "text": "ITANAGAR: Against the backdrop of the recent killing of 'Oni', a young tigress in her cage at Biological Park, Itanagar (the state zoo) on September 24 last, the authorities took up a slew of measures to prevent occurrence of any untoward incidents at the park.Range forest officer Raya Flago, who took over charge as new curator of the zoo three days after the tigress killing, Wednesday disclosed the preventive measures taken, including 24-hour patrolling along with surprise checking, issue of weapons to staff on duty with guidelines for handling.The other measures include installation of solar lights in the tiger enclosure as per the suggestion of a central zoo authority expert, restriction of entry into the Biological Park without permission or ticket, blanket ban on collection and removal of any forest produce from the zoo area, strict maintenance of a visitors' register, issuance of I-cards to labourers engaged by contractors and maintenance of a special register for the workers who work inside the park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17136022", "title": "Learn from Bengal, Gen tells Kashmir kids", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee ought to be pleased. On Wednesday, she got an ambassador for Bengal in the form of Lt Gen A K Choudhary, General Officer Commanding of the Bengal Area.While interacting with a group of 22 schoolchildren from the remote district of Ramban in Jammu and Kashmir, the former director general, military operations, of the Indian Army, insisted that they take back with them the message of brotherhood from this state.\"Take a ride on the Metro. Watch a movie in a theatre. Go back home and tell your friends, parents and neighbours of all your experiences. Observe the brotherhood that exists in Kolkata. Listen to how people speak. Look at the rich culture of the state. These are the special things about Bengal that you should take back with you. I know that there is brotherhood in your state as well. But, the villages are located in such remote parts that interaction becomes difficult,\" the GOC said.The children are on an educational and motivational tour of this part of the country as part of the Army's Op Sadbhavna, organised by 58 Rashtriya Rifles and Uniform Force. They come from such a remote part of the country that none of them have ever watched a film in a theatre.When told about this, the general said: \"A lot has changed on this side of the Pir Panjal in the last couple of decades but much more development is required. Once you tell people of the development you have seen, things will change.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "17137281", "title": "70-yr-old man held in child torture case", "text": "ANGUL: Dhenkanal Sadar police on Tuesday arrested two accused in the Damodaranali child torture case and forwarded them to court. The arrested persons are Rusikesa Mohanty (70) and Dasa Mallik (37) of Damodaranali village in Dhenkanal Sadar police station area of the district.Rakesh Behera, a 7-year-old boy, was allegedly given electric shock on October 30 by the accused on the suspicion that the boy had stolen their mobile phone. Rakesh's mother Suma had lodged an FIR at Dhenkanal police station on the same day. On Tuesday, she said, \"I have got justice. I hope the administration would take exemplary action against them. They have been threatening to kill me also. My son did not steal the mobile. They had beaten up my other two sons too.\"Meanwhile, the State Commission for Protection of Child Right, ( SCPCR) which conducted an inquiry into the incident, has asked the district administration to take stringent action against the offenders. Chairperson of the commission Saraswati Hembram visited Damodaranali village on Tuesday and inquired into the incident. Later, she visited Dhenkanal Sadar police station. \"The boy was innocent. They tortured him for no valid reason. I have ordered the district administration to take stringent action against the culprits.\"Interestingly, the families of the accused and the victim were involved in a land dispute in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135362", "title": "Telecom staff depose in Aarushi case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Wednesday examined two telecom personnel during the hearing of the Aarushi-Hemraj murder case. It contended that on the morning after the murders, Aarushi's mother Nupur Talwar tried to create the impression that the killers had taken away Hemraj's phone, by calling up his number from her landline and promptly disconnecting the call from his phone.MN Vijayan, nodal officer of Tata Teleservices, told court that \"there was a two-second concluded call on the mobile number\" that was registered in the name of Aarushi's father, Dr Rajesh Talwar, but used by Hemraj.The call was made at 10 seconds past 6am, and immediately disconnected by the person who answered, said CBI prosecutor RK Saini. Vijayan said the phone was present in the coverage area of the tower in Nithari village, which also covers the Talwar residence. This phone has not been found until now, although CBI claims it was briefly active in Punjab.During cross-examination by the Talwars' counsel Tanveer Ahmed Mir, Vijayan told court CBI had never made a request to put the number on surveillance nor sought its call details. \"How does CBI know this phone was active in Punjab? It could have been taken away by Krishna (another domestic), as the two-second call was received within a kilometre of the Tata Teleservices tower,\" said Mir, adding, \"CBI is trying to create an impression here that Dr Talwar deliberately made that call from the landline\".RK Singh, nodal officer of Airtel, was also examined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135454", "title": "Teachers' protest fails to ruffle Delhi varsity VC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University Teachers' Association has alleged that not only did vice-chancellor Dinesh Singh overlook the 50-odd letters it wrote to him, he also did not give an audience to the teachers' representatives ever since he took charge in October 2010. What's more, even the ongoing indefinite relay hunger strike, along with a series of protests, has failed to elicit a response from him.At a time when the university is witnessing radical reforms, his complete disconnect with the teachers has forced them to take the drastic steps. Even as the hunger strike enters its 29th day and the teachers plan the next phase of the protest, the DU administration is yet to reach out to them. The protest, which started on October 10, has had a large number of students and non-teaching staff in attendance despite the approaching semester exams.Along with the hunger strike, the teachers have been organizing demonstrations on the sidelines to highlight different issues. \"The teachers are not against reforms per se, but the fact that the VC has refused to meet their representatives for so long. What's disturbing is that he has time and again announced radical changes in the system through the media. The teachers want to have a dialogue with him to stave off a disaster in the name of reforms,\" said DUTA executive Abha D Habib.The teachers' representatives further alleged that Singh has bypassed all statutory bodies while introducing reforms or tweaking rules. They also accuse the administration of misrepresenting the facts. The executive council's \"unanimous\" go-ahead to the VC for deciding on the issue of biometric attendance system is a case in point.Rajib Ray, teachers' representative in the EC, said, \"I had dissented as I am of the view that the EC had no right to ignore its earlier and standing decision to decide on and act through a committee with reference to DUTA's 2000 document on 'Academic Reforms and Curbing Absenteeism'. This dissent has been put on record and I have not withdrawn it at any point. I have also written a letter to the VC protesting against this deliberate misrepresentation of the EC decision by the university. Also, the EC had no right to abdicate its responsibility and authorize an individual to decide on its behalf.\"Despite attempts to speak to Singh, he could not be reached. A member of the 61-member taskforce entrusted with preparing the blueprint of the four-year degree, said on condition of anonymity: \"The first step should have been to seek an in-principle approval from the academic council, which the university didn't. Also, the hasty implementation is likely to invite criticism. The new session is just six months away and we don't even have a rough plan with us. Moreover, the teachers' representative should have been taken into confidence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17135348", "title": "Court ruling comes as setback for Noida housing projects", "text": "NOIDA: In a major setback to housing projects being developed in Noida, the Allahabad high court on Wednesday passed a judgment imposing stay on 802 acres of land bringing relief to farmers.The court also cracked down on the district administration for not complying with the earlier order of categorizing registered and unregistered land in the region. Projects in the areas between Sectors 74 and 79 and Sectors 112 and 119 in Noida are likely to be hampered by the judgment. Thousands of housing units are being developed by at least half a dozen developers in the region.The court also ordered the administration not to permit anyone to change the nature of the land and also directed it not to interfere in the peaceful possession of land by farmers. The court passed the order while hearing a bunch of petitions filed by villagers of Noida who claimed that their lands were wrongly possessed by the administration in 1982. The court asked the district magistrate to appear before it on the next date of hearing.Speaking to TOI, S D Kautilya, counsel for the petitioners said, \"The court has restrained the administration from proceeding in the case. The next date, however, is yet to be fixed and till that time the court has put a stay on 802 acres of land in Noida.\"Explaining the background of the case, Kautilya said, \"The case refers to a land deal in which the administration had by mistake acquired the land of farmers who had not sold it. Though the HC had, on October 21, last year directed the then district magistrate to look into the issues of the farmers and solve it within 15 days, the matter could not be resolved.\"The village headman of Sorkha, Naresh Yadav, said that the administration had later filed a false affidavit that the farmers had not turned up for hearing on the fixed date. The court then quashed the petitions after which the farmers approached the court with fresh ones seeking status quo on the said land.\"The Authority has sold land to builders at Rs 12,000 per sqm, but they have only paid 10% as first part of instalments. If the Authority wants to settle our demands, it can return the instalment amount to the builders and allot the plots to Noida farmers,\" Yadav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135453", "title": "India among top 5 countries in new and renewable energy usage", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is among the top five countries in terms of usage of new and renewable energy and the sector is attracting FDI worth over USD 10 billion every year.\"India stands among the top five countries of the world in terms of renewable energy installed capacity and at present renewable power,\" new and renewable energy minister Farooq Abdullah said here.Addressing the first ASEAN-India renewable energy meeting, he said, \"Investment in renewable energy in India has now exceeded USD 10 billion per year.\"Abdullah said the meeting provided a unique opportunity to catalyse the India-ASEAN Renewable Energy family and underlined the importance of new energy sources in India's energy security for achieving its goal of providing reliable energy supply and access through a diverse and sustainable energy mix.Globally, renewable energy has started making a positive impact on energy supply and the Global Renewable Energy Status Report 2012 reveals that renewable energy has grown to meet 16.7 per cent of the global energy consumption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136598", "title": "Nagpur University extends BE admission dates till November 17", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University's emergent meeting of Academic Council has finally decided to extend benefits to students who cleared their subjects after revaluation. NU has extended the dates of admission for such students, under apparent pressure of private engineering colleges, till November 17. Later on, they will be supposed to fill up exam forms after which NU will distribute I-cards. Their exams will be finally conducted along with other regular students probably in December end or January.\"We will accept the exam forms only after receiving a certificate from the principals that the students had completed mandatory 90-day teaching within that one month period by engaging in extra classes,\" registrar Ashok Gomase said. He added that this facility will be extended to all subjects of all faculties. Prashant Mohite and deputy registrar (Academic) FK Bhagat said this facility was also extended to law students, but their exam will not be deferred. They said students of 2003 batch of LLB five-year course, who failed to clear their subjects till date, will be offered three more chances. This will particularly benefit Sardar Patel College in Chandrapur from where maximum number of students failed.Bhagat explained that the syllabus was changed thrice \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in 2003, in 2009 and in this year where credit system was implemented.Regular students opposed NU's decision to postpone exams stating that they will not only lose chance to appear in GATE exam of January 20 but will also miss the campus interviews. They apprehended that even their results will be declared in March and their summer exams will be delayed till June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17137457", "title": "Kempegowda Institute of Medical Sciences to pay up Rs 10L fine for its unclean cellar", "text": "BANGALORE: The threat of dengue is serious and real. The Bangalore civic agency on Wednesday slapped a fine of Rs 10 lakh on the management of Kempegowda Institute of Medical Sciences for (KIMS) keeping its basement unhygienic.BBMP officials found excessive larvae breeding on the hospital's premises. The KIMS hospital, established in 1990, is on a busy stretch of KR Road where a lot construction work is going on. The inspection comes close on the heels of a BBMP survey to mark out houses surrounded by stagnant water, an ideal breeding ground for mosquitoes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17136848", "title": "HDMC targets wedding halls over waste disposal methods", "text": "HUBLI: Wedding halls in Hubli-Dharwad have come under the scanner of the civic authority. As part of its garbage management drive, the HDMC has ordered all marriage halls in the twin cities to henceforth dispose waste in a scientific manner.Laying down guidelines, the HDMC has instructed wedding halls not to use plastic cups or plastic bags and to restrain people from littering the hall and its vicinity.There are around 100 marriage halls of varying capacities in the twin cities. During marriage season, between 50 kg and 500 kg of garbage is collected in a day. As a first step towards ensuring a garbage-free zone, the HDMC has served notices to all marriage halls and laid down a set of guidelines for them to manage waste and garbage scientifically.Halls have been told to put sufficient bins or containers inside and outside the halls to encourage people to throw waste into bins rather than litter the place. Hall owners have also been told to sensitize people who attend events at their halls on using bins.The owners also have to inform the garbage contractors of their respective areas to dispose waste in a proper way. Those failing to comply may be penalized.Y S Patil, commissioner, HDMC, said that the stick is being wielded at marriage halls as they are one of the biggest generators of waste. \"Marriage halls produce more garbage and it is difficult to manage it properly. We will shut down the halls if they fail to dispose their waste scientifically. We have also employed two contractors to collect garbage from the marriage halls in Hubli and Dharwad,\" Patil added.Bangalore's piling garbage woes have led to corporations in other cities, including Hubli-Dharwad, to set their house in order. However, there are rumblings. An owner of a hall in Vidyanagar, who did not wish to be named, said the idea may not be feasible as they can't order people who attend functions to maintain cleanliness and follow rules strictly.He said people may stop hiring their halls. The corporation should take responsibility to maintain cleanliness around the halls and theycan even hike the fee for it, he suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "amritsar/jalandhar", "code": "17136465", "title": "US Sikhs celebrate Obama's victory", "text": "AMRITSAR/JALANDHAR: The sizeable Sikh community in US is overjoyed over the victory of US President Barack Obama for the second term.American Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (AGPC) coordinator Pritpal Singh said AGPC had sent the congratulatory messages to the US president. \"He is the one who understands the concerns of the Sikhs and minorities in US. Sikhs in US are extremely happy over Obama's victory,\" he told TOI over phone from the US.\"He is always receptive to Sikhs' demands,\" said AGPC president J S Hothi. \"Two months ago when the unfortunate incident of shootout at Oak Creek Gurdwara in Wisconsin happened, Obama rose above politics and felt concerned, taking appreciable steps to instill a sense of safety and security among the community members,\" he said.Pritpal added that the US president even appreciated as to how Sikhs had a major role to play in the history of US. \"Obama has been dealing with the Sikh issues closely and helping to generate awareness about the Sikhs identity,\" said Pritpal.\"Obama is not just a person but an institution of democratic and progressive ideas. Under his leadership, the US is safe and will progress leaps and bounds,\" he said.Meanwhile, Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee has also expressed happiness over the victory of Obama.In a statement, SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar said during his first term in office as president, Obama had minutely understood the issues related to Sikh community and had tried to solve them. In another message, Damdami Taksal chief Baba Harnam Singh Khalsa congratulated Obama and expressed hope that during his regime Sikhs in the US would be able to establish their distinct identity.\"The Punjabis in general and Sikhs in particular greeted one another on Obama's victory. There is an atmosphere of celebration in the community,\" said Satnam Singh Chahal, president of North American Punjabi Association. \"How Obama reacted to the episode of Oak Creek Gurdwara shootout there was great goodwill for him in the community. There was general talk in the community to support him in the election,\" he added.Another prominent NRI Majit Singh Dasuya said, \"Most of the Indians are supporters of the democrats and this time, after Oak Creek, they were feeling very strongly about Obama and keenly watching the elections.... Several of us also contributed funds for his election.\"\"There was general refrain in the community that US government reacted very swiftly, strongly and passionately to the Oak Creek shootout and Obama personally reached out to the community in the hour of crisis. His response was being compared to that of Indian government's (reaction) during the 1984 massacre (of Sikhs). In the meetings of the Punjabi community, this contradiction between the approach of the Indian and US governments was being discussed very eloquently,\" said Dalinder Singh Dhoot, a California based businessman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135477", "title": "Three horses \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcpoisoned\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 to death in stable", "text": "MUMBAI: Two male horses and a colt were allegedly poisoned to death at Shiregaon village in Uttan, Bhayander (W), on Tuesday. The Bhayander police are awaiting post-mortem reports.Glen Hendricks, owner of the animals, found the horses\u00e2\u20ac\u201dBahu and Pawan\u00e2\u20ac\u201dand four-month-old Prince dead in the stable on his farm around 6am. He alleged that animals had been poisoned to death.Hendricks said though he had no enemy, he suspects the animals may have been poisoned. He said that there was no question of the animals eating poison-laced food on their own as they were always tied to their shed. There were no complaints in the neighbourhood regarding the animals, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17136151", "title": "3 held for killing monitor lizard at Loutolim", "text": "MARGAO: Staff of Netravali wildlife sanctuary raided three places early Wednesday morning at Loutolim and recovered one-and-half kg of meat, skin and parts of a monitor lizard and also seized implements used to cut and peel off the skin. Three persons arrested in this connection were remanded to five days custody by the JMFC.\"Late Tuesday night we received information that a person had a monitor lizard that it would be killed on Wednesday morning. Deputy conservator of forests Sanjay Waradker was informed,\" said Prakash Salelkar, range forest officer, Netravali wildlife sanctuary.A team led by Salelkar assisted by round foresters Sebastian Rodrigues and Harish Mahale, and forest guards Abhijit Mishal and Sangam Naik raided three places in Loutolim. \"We could not rescue the monitor lizard which is protected under schedule I of the Wildlife (protection) Act 1972, as it was killed on Tuesday evening itself,\" said Salelkar.Wildlife sanctuary staff recovered the meat fromVincy Rebello from Tolleband, Loutolim. The skin was recovered from Jose Dias of Nakoda , Loutolim, and implements were recovered from Joseph Cruz of Tolleband, Loutolim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135485", "title": "PIL allegations on Kanjurmarg site false: BMC", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the Bombay high court, in an ad-interim order, stayed the dumping of garbage at the Kanjurmarg dump yard, the BMC has denied charges of flouting environmental norms at the site.Public trust Vanashakti has filed a PIL in the HC over alleged destruction of mangroves and violations of environment norms. The issue was raised in the civic standing panel meeting on Wednesday with corporators sl amming the BMC for the order.However, additional municipal commissioner M M Adtani said, \"Vanashakti has made allegations of dumping garbage in the CRZ area of the landfill. However, we have ensured there is no dumping there. The organization has inter-mingled issues with the Mulund dumping group with the Kanjurmarg site and made allegations. We will file an affidavit and respond to the allegations.\" Adtani said the BMC will request the court to fine the NGO for the false case.Meanwhile, the garbage that was being dumped at Kanjurmarg will be diverted to the Deonar site. At present, over 1,000 metric tonne of waste was being dumped at Kanjurmarg.The BMC is in the process of setting up a sanitary landfill at Kanjurmarg. Shekhar Chitale, chief engineer, solid waste management said, \"We have taken all precautions prescribed by MPCB to arrest smell emanating from the Kanjurmarg site.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17137622", "title": "Excelling in whatever he does", "text": "BANGALORE: Apart from being the lead guitarist of his now defunct school band, Athith Krishna is also known for his achievements on the quizzing circuit, mental calculation challenges, and excelling at academics. This Times Scholar, among the 20 nationwide winners, is a shining all-rounder.Times Scholars is a Times of India initiative that rewards young talent across the country with scholarships.\"My motto in life is to excel in the fields I decide to take up. If I'm not able to give my best in something, I don't do it,\" says the 17-year-old youngster, who was one of the two youths who represented the country at the third Mental Calculation World Cup in 2008.Apart from being a three-time state and a national champion in mental calculation, he is also an avid quizzer who has won several local, national and international events.The youngster, who scored more than 95% in his ICSE exam, says he usually ends up doing whatever fascinates him. \"I like to enjoy life,\" he says. \"I saw a friend playing the guitar and decided to pick it up. I put my heart and soul into it and became a good guitarist,\" he adds.How does he manage his time, juggling his interests and studies, despite spending hours daily travelling to and fro from his home in Vijaynagar to his school on Kanakpura Road?\"I pay attention in class, and I come back home and revise the lessons daily for about an hour or two. This gives me a time to indulge in my interests,\" says the lad who has a black belt in taekwondo. \"I don't compromise on my sleep and interests. It's not very difficult to indulge in one's passion without neglecting academics.\"Athith, a student of Sri Kumaran Children's Home, plans to take up materials and nano-scale engineering. \"I want to learn a lot in these fields,\" he says. \"And yes, I'll take up music more seriously in college.\"Ask him about his biggest inspiration, he says his mother always supported his experimenting with new things, be it music, quiz or taekwondo. \"Whatever I've achieved is because of my mother,\" says Athith.Praise for Athith \"I am grateful that my son had the best teachers in school. Thanks to them, he has been able to excel in academics and extracurricular activities. I've always encouraged him to follow his passion and dreams.\" - Vanishree P, mother\"Athith is very systematic in everything he does and balances academics and extracurricular activities well. Though he's a very confident youngster, his humility stands out.\" - Bhavani Murthy, coordinator, Sri Kumaran Children's Home", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17136871", "title": "HC asks Ratna not to be adamant and find a mid way", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of A division bench of Rajasthan High Court headed by Chief Justice Arun Mishra on Wednesday advised police inspector Ratna Gupta to be more mild and consider appearing before the Committee on Privileges of the state legislature.The court also observed that a restraint must be observed by the court headed by Chief Justice Arun Mishra on Wednesday advised police inspector Ratna Gupta to be more mild and consider appearing before the Committee on Privileges of the state legislature.The court also observed that a restraint must be observed by the court and assembly in their functions and one must not impinge upon the authority of the other. \"Why are you making your appearance a prestige issue? Let the assembly decide whether the alleged privilege ever existed with the assembly or not. The line of interference is too fine, this must be understood,\" said Chief Justice Arun Mishra.Counsel for Gupta contended that the Supreme Court had laid down the legal position in somewhat contrary manner to what is being observed by the bench. \"The legal position is that in cases where the privilege is not a claimed one, the court must interpret the same and in case it is found that the privilege existed, then only the person should be asked to submit himself to the jurisdiction of the assembly. In the present case, the jurisdiction to decide the existence of not so far known privilege is a position to be interpreted by the court,\" argued Swadeep Hora, counsel for appellant.Ratna has filed an appeal against the order of Justice M Rafiq who directed her to put in her appearance on October 29. However, Ratna refused to appear and moved the division bench on the issue requiring the bench to hold that the privilege of inspecting police station and privilege of seeking documents of investigation is a parliamentary privilege or not.The bench, however, showed its rancor over the manner in which she has chosen to file an appeal without putting her appearance before the assembly. \"We grant you some time to reconsider the law and appear before us on November 21. But we wish that you do not knock our doors in Diwali break in case a warrant of arrest is issued as happened previously during Dussehra break. We do not wish any extraordinary confrontation in vacations,\" said the bench.Ratna had approached the Chief Justice with a prayer to constitute a special bench during Dussehra break when a warrant of arrest was issued. The matter will now be taken up on November 21.The petitioner was accused by the assembly to have committed breach of parliamentary privilege on July 19, 2010 when a child and women welfare committee of state assembly visited the mahila police station (east) where the official was posted as SHO and when she was called upon to show some investigation records of a case, she refused to follow the directives and insulted the MLAs.Gupta was served a show cause notice thrice since June to July 2012 by a privilege committee to show cause as to why she should not be punished for the breach of parliamentary privilege but when she failed to appear, a warrant of arrest was also alleged to have been issued by the House.The show cause notices were put to challenge by the official on the ground that the committee has already held her guilty of breach of privilege without hearing her. Further more, no such privilege is known to exist outside the house of assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17136900", "title": "Second term for Obama evokes mixed reactions", "text": "COIMBATORE: The re-election of Barack Obama as the President of The United States for a second term has been received with mixed emotions in the city. While many feel that he is the best option for the Presidency, some are apprehensive that Obama's policies may not be in favour of India.J E Johnerskine a 28-year-old American citizen who is in the city working with Isha Foundation says that he missed voting for Obama this time. \"Last time I had voted for Obama. Though I could not vote for him this time, I'm happy that he won,\" he said. However, his excitement is not shared by all.M Kandhaswami, the past president of the Coimbatore District Small Industries Association (CODISSIA) says that his policies will not be in India's interest. \"Some of Obama's policies on outsourcing have already affected the IT, BPO (Business Process Outsourcing) and other sectors. So he may be good for the United States, but not for India,\" he says. He feels that Indian businesses may view Obama's re-election with concern.At the same time, some feel that we should not complain about Obama's policies. M Krsihnan, the past president of the Coimbatore Chapter of the Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Isays that we should now think of collaborating with the emerging situation. \"We cannot change the US president. So we need to think about the areas where we can work together,\" he points out. Besides, instead of depending on America, we should chart out our own independent policy for the country, he says.Some feel that the impact of the US president on India may be over rated. V K Babu the president of Coimbatore District Plastic Manufacturers Association ( COPMA) says that apart from business process outsourcing, he may not have substantial impact on other pressing issues like the power sector. \"We were hoping that Mitt Romney would win the election. There was a general expectation that he would have been ideal for India,\" he says.This is an opportunity for Obama to improve his image in the international scenario, say Toinu Reeves a US Citizen, who teaches at a city school. \"Obama had worked hard in the last four years, but could not meet the expectations of developing countries including India and Africa. He gets a second chance to perform better,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17137275", "title": "Boost for food processing industry in Trichy district", "text": "TRICHY: To enhance food processing industries, the District Food Processing Mission has been established for the first time in Trichy district under the National Mission on Food Processing (NMFP) scheme. The schemes that would provide subsidies to entrepreneurs are expected to boost food processing industries and employment opportunities in the district.The objective of the scheme is to decentralize implementation of the schemes from the Ministry of Food Processing Industries (MFPI). Both the Government of Tamil Nadu and the MFPI launched the NMFP scheme during the 12th Five Year Plan. The scheme is proposed to be implemented as a new centrally sponsored scheme (CSS) with financial assistance in the ratio of 75:25 by the Government of India and the state government.As far as Trichy is concerned, the potential for running food processing centres and cold storage facilities are high. But food processing industries and facilities are numerable in the district. Existing entrepreneurs had to invest on their own or wait for financial assistance from banks. With the introduction of the NMFP scheme here, food processing entrepreneurs can avail themselves of financial assistance easily.Under this scheme for the year 2012-13, entrepreneurs can avail themselves of subsidies of up to Rs 50 lakh for upgrade, setting up, modernisation and expansion of food processing industries.Deputy director of agri-business Annamalai told TOI, \" The food processing of fruit, vegetables, milk products, meat, poultry, fisheries, cereal, oil seeds, flour millets, pulses, spices, coconut and mushrooms are allowed under this scheme.\"Another scheme has been designed to boost cold chain facilities and reefer vehicles for other than horticulture products. The scheme would provide financial assistance up to Rs 10 crore to entrepreneurs. As of now, there are very few cold storage facilities in the district.R Alamelu, proprietor of Sree Sai Self-help Group that produces value-added products from banana, said, \"If there are more cold storage facilities, we can think of expanding our business. We can provide more employment opportunities in the sector.The mission also assists in the human resource development (HRD) of the food processing sector. The schemes are available for establishment of infrastructure to offer degrees, diplomas and certificate courses in food processing technology and for entrepreneurship development. The schemes for promotional activities are also available.Entrepreneurs can apply for the scheme through the District Food Processing Mission Committee headed by the district collector of Trichy. Applications will be scrutinised by the state mission director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17136328", "title": "Bankers of Kanpur form club", "text": "KANPUR: A new body, Kanpur Banker's Club has been established to provide a forum to executives/senior functionaries of banks and financial institutions for meeting and discussing matters of common interest and importance.The club was inaugurated by regional director, Reserve Bank of India Kanpur K R Das here on Tuesday on the RBI campus in the presence of senior functionaries of major commercial banks in the city.Deputy general manager RBI Kanpur Anup Kumar said the club had been formed to encourage, promote and foster a spirit of solidarity, service, brotherhood and co-operation amongst bankers and to devise ways and means for betterment of commercial banks in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17139996", "title": "Will theatre strike play spoilsport this Diwali for SRK and Vijay fans?", "text": "For the past two years, November has been a dark month for Mollywood, with theatre owners calling strikes. However, two actors whose fate with respect to their films' release in Kerala has coincidentally collided this time too are Vijay and Shah Rukh Khan .While last year, their Diwali releases Velayudham and Ra.One enjoyed an extended run with theatre owners and distributors refusing to screen Malayalam releases, this year, the shutting down of A-class theatres might result in their films Thuppaki and Jab Tak Hai Jaan , both Diwali releases, from being screened at least till the strike is called off.However, the fans association of both actors are optimistic that the strike would be over in time for the movies hit the theatres. In fact, they have already started preparations to celebrate the releases.Hilal Shajahan, general secretary of All Kerala Vijay Fans Association, says, \"We are confident good sense will prevail and theatre owners would release Thuppaki in time, especially because Vijay's films mean huge initials.\"He says that the association is in touch with all the release centres where the film is scheduled to release and the feedback has been positive from them.\"The theatre owners are equally excited about the film. In Trivandrum, four theatres have been chosen to screen the film; a theatre owner from Kozhikode has informed us that in case the strike doesn't end by Diwali, he would withdraw from it to release the movie,\" says Hilal, refusing to reveal the name of the theatre.Mujeeb S, president, All Kerala Shah Rukh Khan's Fans Association, says, \"The distributors of Jab Tak Hai Jaan have told us that the film will be released in Kerala without a hitch. Malayali fans will not be deprived of the opportunity to be part of King Khan's film, which is also Yash Chopra's last.\"While both fan clubs say they are hopeful that the issue would be sorted before Diwali but if it doesn't, they inform that they would protest.Incidentally, the members of the associations have already started large-scale preparations for the festive releases. \"Any movie of Ilayathalapathy is a celebration. We are planning a singarimelam on the release day of Vijay's film, besides a procession attended by all the members of the Trivandrum chapter. We have already placed orders for more than 500 flex boards,\" says Hilal.For Shah Rukh Khan's fans in Kerala, Mujeeb says, \"It's a special occasion because the actor has just completed 17 years in the industry and we had also gone for his birthday celebrations on November 2 in Mumbai. We want to retain the festive mood throughout the month.\"Though fans and the audience have got their hopes high, the Kerala Film Exhibitors Association seems to be in no mood to call off the strike till their demands are met. While the initial demand was to hike the service charge from Rs 2 to Rs 7, after Monday's meeting, the theatre owners have decided to ask for only an increase of Rs 3, says the body's general secretary M C Gopi.\"We had asked for a Rs 5 increase initially, taking into account Rs 2 that would be given to the producers. But since they have withdrawn their support, we are now pushing only for our share. Our officials would meet the minister K B Ganesh Kumar on Thursday to see if we can reach a mutual consensus on the matter,\" he says.Gopi also adds that the body would continue the strike till the demands are met, even if it means a dull Diwali season at the theatres. While the official is confident about the decision, it remains to be seen how many other members would support this and forgo the huge initial collection that a Vijay and Shah Rukh movie brings in, if the strike continues after November 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135447", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcWe want him to visit us again\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Students of Holy Name High School in Colaba, who were among the lucky few to meet President Barack Obama during his visit in November 2010, plan to send a letter to the White House congratulating him on his victory in the US elections.Juzer Furniturewalla and 10 of his friends\u00e2\u20ac\u201dall former students of the school\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwould meet their former principal, Michael Pinto, on Thursday to celebrate Obama's win over Mitt Romney.Furniturewalla, now a science student of K C College, said: \"We organized what was probably Obama's first Diwali party during his visit to the school two years ago. We will congratulate him on his victory and also ask him to continue his good work for the next term. We all wanted him to win and were closely following the elections.\"Pinto said the students would meet over a \"samosa party\" and draft the letter. \"We will also request him to visit us for the second time as he promised to get his daughters along.\"St Xavier's College, where Obama met the city's youth, wore a deserted look on Wednesday due to the ongoing Diwali vacation. Father Frazer Mascarenhas, principal of the college, said: \"As our college is shut, we could not have any event to mark the occasion. But all of us wanted Obama to win. He definitely performed well in his first term; so, he was chosen for the second. It was not a fluke win. His policies are pro-underdog and have more to offer to an equal society.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17137193", "title": "Bandh in south Tamil Nadu peaceful", "text": "MADURAI: A social worker from Kerala, who was injured in stone pelting incidents on October 30 during Thevar Jayanthi, died in a private hospital here on Tuesday. K Abu Bakker, 50, from Malampuzha in Kerala went to Erwadi Dargah along with a relative on October 30 when they were caught in the violence. Abu Bakker sustained injuries in his head and fainted. He was rushed to a private hospital in Madurai after first-aid, where he died.Normal life in the city and some southern districts was paralysed on Wednesday due to a bandh called by Thevar outfits. Commercial establishments were closed and public movement was relatively less. The federation of Thevar outfits, that includes All India Forward Bloc, Thevar Desiya Peravai and Thevar Pathukappu Peravai, had observed the bandh in Madurai and southern districts to protest Thevar Jayanthi-related violence on October 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17136112", "title": "Man leaves Rs 6.75cr cash near police headquarters", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a shocking incident, an unidentified person abandoned Rs 6.75 crore right in front of the AP Police headquarters in Lakdi-ka-pul and fled from the place on Wednesday evening. At 4.15 pm, an auto broke down right in front of the entrance of the state police headquarters (DGP office) in Lakdikapul as it ran out of fuel. A passenger travelling in the auto quickly got down from the vehicle and pulled out three bags.As he waved down another auto, security personnel at the police headquarters reached the spot to enquire why the three-wheeler stopped on the road. \"Looking at the suspicious behaviour of the man holding three heavy bags, the security personnel asked him to open one of the bags,\" deputy commissioner of police (DCP), Central Zone, Tarun Joshi said.As soon as the security personnel began pressing him to open the bags, the man abandoned them at the spot, quickly crossed the busy street and fled. Prior to the intervention of the security personnel, a traffic constable arrived at the spot and forced the auto driver to move the vehicle towards Lakdi-ka-pul. So, as soon as the man abandoned the bags and fled from the spot, the security personnel opened one of the bags.\"To their astonishment, they found wads of currency notes in Rs 1,000 and Rs 500 denomination neatly packed in the bag. The Saifabad police were immediately alerted about it,\" the DCP said.After alerting the Saifabad police, the security personnel looked for the auto in which the suspect arrived there, but could not trace it in the busy traffic.They immediately caught hold of the other auto driver, Laxman, who stopped there to pick up the suspect, and handed him over to the Saifabad police. Investigating officials said the suspect enquired with Laxman whether he would ferry him to Hi-Tec City. \"The bags containing the cash are brand new. Their tags were also not removed. We suspect they were purchased recently to load cash,\" a Saifabad police officer said.The cash was handed over to income-tax sleuths. On several cash bundles, I-T officials found seals of Reserve Bank of India , Mysore, and Axis Bank, Champapet. IT sleuths would be contacting the concerned banks to get details about the recovered cash.If the owner of the cash does not contact police by Thursday, police would verify traffic CCTV footage at Ravindra Bharati to get additional clues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135632", "title": "'Unfair' school practices under lens", "text": "NEW DELHI: Schools charging capitation fee, refusing admission to children, making false claims through misleading advertisements could be liable to punishment up to Rs 10 lakh. Prompted by public concern against unfair practices followed by schools, the Centre has piloted a legislation to prevent these malpractices. The bill will be considered by the Central Advisory Board of Education (CABE) in a meeting on Thursday.The Prohibition of Unfair Practices in Schools bill aims to bring effective deterrent action. The bill has been drafted by CABE's sub-committee headed by former minister of state for HRD D Purandeswari. If the bill is cleared, schools will be liable for heavy financial penalty to the tune of Rs 10 lakh for denying a child admission without specified merit for selection of students, prohibits demanding donation or capitation fee, insisting a child buy uniform or books from a particular shop, subjecting students to mental harassment or physical punishment, or issuing misleading advertisements that make false claims.The bill requires establishment of a grievance redressal authority that will be set up by the state government.The CABE is also expected to consider extension of the Right to Education Act. The meeting will also try to find ways to extend the ambit of Right To Education Act to pre-primary and secondary schools and devise a National Higher Education Qualification framework to usher in national and global compatibility of the qualification system.However, CABE sub-committees on scaling up the RTE coverage to pre-primary and secondary level have said more consultations are required before any major expansion of the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17137043", "title": "Workshop on robotics concludes at LNCT", "text": "INDORE: The two-day workshop on robotics organized for the first year BE students concluded at Lakshmi Narain College of Technology (LNCT) on Saturday. Director and faculty of Robotronix, Bhupendra Singh Thakkur held the workshop organized by team Robotronix.He taught the students the basic concept of designing of circuits, and fundamentals of resistors, capacitors, DC Motors, LED, LDR, multi-meters etc. All the participants were presented electronics kits and participation certificates. LNCT group managing director Suprabhat Chouksey was the chief guest. Group curriculum director Dr Sandhya Chouksey presided over the function while college principal Dr D Mitra and registrar S M Ranganath were present along with department heads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17139093", "title": "It\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s all about woman empowerment", "text": "Bhumika might not be signing any films in Kollywood now, but the audience can now see her in the Tamil dubbed version of one of her Telugu films!A source says, \"Kripukar Reddy's Collector Gari Bharya will be released in Tamil as Penn Adimai Illai . The film, which has Bhumika and Prakash Raj playing a couple, also features Brahmanandam in an important role. The film is about how a male child is given preference in our country and how a woman loses her identity post marriage.\"The source adds, \"Prakash Raj plays an honest collector, but he doesn't treat his wife, Bhumika, as his equal. He believes that a woman's place is in the kitchen, and often hurts his wife's emotions. How Bhumika decides to change Prakash Raj's outlook towards her kind forms the rest of the story.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17136188", "title": "Rachol sarpanch lashes out at government", "text": "MARGAO: Accusing the BJP government of financially crippling the panchayats in Goa, Rachol sarpanch Joseph Vaz criticized the government for neglecting the panchayat raj department and rural development agencies (RDA) in the state. Vaz demanded that all pending RDA projects and schemes be implemented immediately.\"There were a lot of promises made of financial support, but till date we have not received any such money. By abolishing house tax, the government has taken a major revenue-generating capability which the panchayats could use to carry out development works,\" said Vaz, while addressing mediapersons on Wednesday.Vaz criticized the government for terminating the contract of RDA temporary workers which he said had led to the stalling of various RDA projects that were already sanctioned. Vaz, the face of the ST community inCurtorim, alleged that the state government was only interested in supporting the ST community in Canacona.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17136473", "title": "No relief for Vijayawada from stream of sorrows", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Budameru, a small rivulet which serves the function of a drain, has become the bane of the city due in large part to government inaction.Seven years have passed since the then chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy announced a complete modernisation programme for the channel in order to save the city from frequent floods. However, work on the project is yet to be taken up and that means that several colonies in the city frequently get inundated after a spell of rain with the flood waters sometimes standing for over six days.To give an idea of the seriousness of the problem, a woman who was rescued from drowning in the flood waters in the city's Rotary Nagar, died while being treated at a hospital on Tuesday night. The death caused enraged locals to remonstrate with officials for their failure to flush out the flood water even three days after the showers had stopped.\"Ruling party legislators and leaders are annoyed that locals are questioning them about the failures of the government. It is a shame that we cannot manage to pump out flood water of just 6,000 cusecs in this age of modern technology,\" said CPM leader Ch Babu Rao. He said that neither the officials nor the representatives of the people had foreseen the danger from flooding to take measures to deal with it, he said.It may be mentioned that the irrigation department had got administrative clearance for taking up the Budameru modernisation project in 2005. As per the original blueprint, the government would undertake works to the tune of Rs 85 crore, which was to include widening of the Budameru channel.\"It is the officials who are responsible for the city getting flooded. The modernisation works should have been completed long back had they taken the initiative to finalise the tenders,\" said Congress legislator Malladi Vishnu.Way back in the 1960s, Budameru was designed to carry about 7,500 cusecs. Although irrigation officials claim that capacity was subsequently increased to 15,000 cusecs, a retired senior engineer said that the 'increase was only on paper and not in fact'.The dumping of garbage in its bed and a thick presence of weed has further reduced the capacity of the channel. As a result, Budameru is presently pumping out only about 5,000-5,500 cusecs as against the 15,000 cusecs which irrigation officials claim it does. With the recent rain swamping Budameru with about 20,000-25,000 cusecs, the Velagaleru diversion channel could let out only one-fourth of the flood water which saw 15,000 cusecs flowing into the city to leave several colonies inundated.While Singhnagar, Devinagar and Rajarajeswaripet used to have flood waters reach about 1-2ft high, the present floods left many more colonies like Gunadala, Indiranagar, KL Rao Nagar, Rajeevsarma Nagar and Rajeevnagar (JNNURM housing) marooned in about 4ft high water.It is learnt that irrigation officials are now proposing to increase Budameru's capacity to 37,000 cusecs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17136498", "title": "Bihar govt plans dedicated power feeder for agriculture sector", "text": "PATNA: The state government has started working on a dedicated feeder to supply power to agriculture sector for making its rainbow revolution a success. The government, under its rainbow revolution plans, is to install 968 new feeders of 11KV each with 55,925km of distribution line and 1.46 lakh transformers to primarily supply power to 19 lakh pumping sets in the next 10 years.It has selected Patna district for the pilot project. 'The GPS survey of the district would show the locations where guarding for transmission line crossing the roads and habitation areas is required. The existing and the proposed 11KV line shall be duly marked on survey maps,\" said an official.The government has projected year-wise requirement of estimated funds for the feeder segregation. The total estimated amount for 12th and 13th five-year plan is around Rs 8,370.44 crore. The government has already projected its year-wise power requirements for agriculture sector for the next 10 years. By 2016-17, the state would require 1478MW power exclusively for agriculture sector.Only 5.83% of the total power supply to the state is used in agriculture sector in Bihar, compared to 38% in Haryana, the highest in India. Presently, the rural feeders are of mixed nature, supplying to agriculture as well as domestic/other rural loads and making it difficult to supply quality power for agriculture purpose due to grim power scenario. Hence, a dedicated feeder is necessary for the success of rainbow revolution in Bihar, an official said.To cater to the needs of the agriculture sector, the government plans separate rural feeder for agriculture and non-agriculture consumption. The main objective is to provide quality power supply for agriculture purposes for specified period through dedicated agriculture feeders and supply to the other rural loads in the remaining period on rotation basis, said an energy department document.States like Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, Haryana, Karnataka, Maharashtra and Rajasthan have dedicated feeders for agriculture. A team of officers had visited Punjab, Haryana and Maharashtra recently to study the power supply system for agriculture sectors in those states.A recent Planning Commission document on 'Faster, Sustainable and more Inclusion Growth: An Approach to the 12th Five-Year Plan' states, \"The separation of agricultural feeders in the country will enable villages to get 24x7 three-phased power for domestic uses, schools, hospitals and village industries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17138184", "title": "Woman conned UK citizens, denied bail", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman arrested for allegedly receiving donations online for a social welfare society and conning British citizens has been denied bail by a Delhi court. Additional chief metropolitan magistrate Manish Yaduvanshi denied bail to Indian Human Welfare Society president Neelam Jain, saying the probe is still on and two more accused in the case are yet to be arrested.Neelam was arrested by the Delhi Police last month for allegedly receiving the proceeds, in the garb of donations, to her welfare society's account. According to the police, out of the total money credited to the society's account, Jain used to keep 10% of it and the rest was distributed among other accused. She had sought bail contending that she had no knowledge of the transactions in IHWS account as it keeps receiving foreign donations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135204", "title": "Students allege cop locked up mate, demand action", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Maurice Nagar police station was at the centre of controversy when over 50 students preparing for the civil services descended on it demanding immediate action against a constable who allegedly misbehaved with one of their friends. This student, identified as Praveen, alleged that he was put in a lockup and beaten up by policemen after he protested when the cop refused to pay a roadside vendor.The incident was reported from Maurice Nagar late on Tuesday night. Senior officers had to intervene before the students could be pacified and sent home about 2am.Police, though, denied charges saying the constable had paid the vendor and Praveen had been \"too inebriated even to take note\". According to the official version, the incident had been resolved. \"Our constable was at the market where he got into an argument with the student. He asked the student to report to the Maurice Nagar police. It was then that around 25 civil service aspirants came to the police station and demanded the student be released. We explained to them that the student has neither been beaten up nor booked. The matter was settled amicably,\" DCP (North) Sindhu Pillai said.Students claimed several cops on beat duty did not bother to pay vendors or rickshaw-pullers threatening them whenever they asked for money. Even on a previous occasion a week ago, a researcher from Delhi University was roughed up for trying to speak up for a rickshaw-puller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "17136783", "title": "25 injured as bus overturns", "text": "DAVANAGERE: Over 25 passengers, including driver and a pregnant woman, were injured when a private bus in which they were travelling overturned near Anaji village in Davanagere taluk on Wednesday evening.The mishap occurred when the bus was going to Jagalur from Davanagere carrying over 40 passengers. The incident occurred when the bus driver tried to avoid a head-on collision with an auto near Anaji Lake. The bus hit a road-side tree and overturned. The police have shifted 11 passengers to the district general hospital here. Others were treated as outpatients. Three persons who are severely injured, including the driver, have been shifted to the S.S.hightech hospital. Anaji police have booked a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17136612", "title": "Patna University students' union polls, results on Dec 11", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) students' union election committee on Wednesday finalized the programme of elections scheduled for December 11. The principals of all the colleges of PU besides the students' welfare dean and other members of the committee were present at the meeting held for this purpose.According to the final programme, the electoral roll would be published on November 27. Candidates contesting the elections will file their nominations on November 30 and December 1. The nominations can be withdrawn on December 3. Polling and counting of votes will take place on December 11.Election committee chief U K Sinha said no teacher or non-teaching staff of the university would be granted any type of leave on the day of election. The principals would be the presiding officers of the booths located in their respective colleges. There would be one booth for 500 students and each booth would have six separate ballot boxes for the offices of president, vice-president, secretary, joint secretary, treasurer and executive member.Meanwhile, two representatives from each student organization (they must be regular students of the university) have been invited for discussion on the recommendations of Lyngdoh committee at 3pm on November 9, said Sinha. Some student organizations have already submitted their suggestions in writing to the university.Semester exam: The deans of faculties and heads of postgraduate departments of PU, at a meeting held here on Tuesday evening, finalized the examination programme of the first semester introduced in PU from the current academic session.As per the programme, theory examination will begin on December 14 and end on December 24. The practical examination will commence in the first week of January. The examination forms will be filled from November 27 to December 4 without any fine and up to December 10 with late fine. PU has initiated necessary steps for the setting of questions and appointment of examiners.Holiday on Dhanteras: PU has declared a holiday on November 12. Now all the constituent units of PU will be closed for Diwali and Chhath holidays from November 12 to 20, said a PU official. Earlier, PU teachers led by PU Teachers' Association former general secretary Randhir Kumar Singh had urged the VC to declare holiday on December 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17136228", "title": "Entry tax on items to plug revenue loss to Goa: Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday allayed fears that the recent move of the government of levying entry tax on certain items will not affect the common man.Briefing the media, Parrikar said that there should be no confusion between VAT and entry tax and that the government has only brought in certain items under entry tax, not VAT. He clarified that entry tax is there to protect the state from losing revenue when items are imported into the state from outside and the state does not get tax due to various reasons.Parrikar said, \"If you import material from a foreign country, the local government loses the tax because there is no sale taking place in Goa. Because of certain reasons, there were some areas which were left out of this entry tax either by error or on purpose. We are only plugging it\".Parrikar argued that the items which have been brought under the entry tax are in no way connected to the common man. \"One of the entry taxes is on barges and vessels. During the last five years at least 10 big vessels worth about 800 crore have been imported into the state waters without the payment of a rupee to the state government,\" Parrikar said.He said that when he realized that there was a loophole by which the state revenue was leaking, he introduced the same amount of value of VAT as an entry tax on boats which will be imported to the state. \"Probably in the next eight months, we will get revenues of 30 crore to 40 crore. What is wrong in that? Where does the common man buy boats?\" the chief minister asked.He also reiterated that aluminum panels and aluminum cladding which have been brought under the entry tax are used only on commercial buildings and not by the common man.The chief minister cited another example where the state was losing revenue. He said that last year, timber was put under the 5% tax bracket and plywood which is 12.5% is being imported and sold as timber. \"We are losing revenues. Actually, we should investigate how timber suddenly became 5%. We are doing that exercise and in the next budget we will have a foolproof list where misuse of VAT will be stopped,\" Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17136529", "title": "Notre Dame Academy students shine at interschool debate contest", "text": "PATNA: Girls outshone boys at an interschool Hindi debate contest on Tuesday with nine of the ten awards being won by the fair sex. Notre Dame Academy (NDA) emerged as the overall champion among the 13 participating schools at the contest organized by the Parents-Teachers' Association of NDA.NDA's Aisha grabbed the first prize in the senior category (Class IX-X) followed by St Joseph's Convent (SJC)'s Hastina Pratap and NDA's Deeksha Saraswat. While International School (CBSE)'s Ranjita Kumari bagged the top prize in the junior category (Class VI-VIII), NDA's Aishani Shrivastava and International School (ICSE)'s Zain Zafar got second and third prizes respectively.SJC's Ishita Pallavi and Rose Bud School's Simran Sinha were recognized as the most promising %speakers in the senior category while NDA's Snehil %and SJC's Tanya Tripti %were declared the most promising orators in the junior category.The topic for the junior lot, 'Haar mein hi jeevan ki sachchi seekh hai', was given to them beforehand, but the seniors had an extempore session on 'Kya school project banaane ke liye internet par pratibandh lagaana chahiye?' Famous Hindi poets were also remembered during the heated debate as the students quoted their couplets. Faraz's \"Apni rudhivadi soch se bahar nikal kar sochte hai, Faraz zamana badal gaya, ab soch badal kar sochte hai\" delighted the audience the most.Speaking against the motion, a senior student %asked if a person became lazy by using the internet, did s/he do exercise while reading books.The participating schools also included Delhi Public School, Loyola High School, St Xavier's High School, St Paul's High School, St Michael's High School, Don Bosco Academy and Litera Valley School.The judges for the contest were National HRD Network-Patna's vice-president Ratnakar Mishra, Prof Asha Singh of Magadh Mahila College and Bihar School Examination Board's former chairman Prof O P Jaiswal. The prizes were distributed by NDA (senior section) principal Sister Mary Tessy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135444", "title": "Man gets 10-year imprisonment in kidnap case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A youth has been sentenced to 10 years in jail by a Delhi court for kidnapping his relative's minor child, who was later found dead. While jailing convict Pradeep Kumar Goel, additional sessions judge T R Naval also imposed a fine of Rs 30,000 on him.Goel was convicted in November 2010 for killing the child by a court in Faridabad. He was arrested in Faridabad while trying to dispose off the body. The Delhi court convicted the Uttam Nagar resident on charges of kidnapping relying on the evidence and statements of prosecution witnesses.Goel had kidnapped the seven-year-old child of one of his relatives from his house in October 2009. After receiving the complaint regarding the missing boy, the police had started its investigation and it was revealed that the minor was last seen with Goel on his motorcycle. Goel was later nabbed after a tip-off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17138113", "title": "Allahabad University workshop ends with knowledge-sharing", "text": "ALLAHABAD: As part of the 125th year Celebrations of the Allahabad University, department of Zoology organised a three-day national workshop which concluding on Wednesday with a poster competition and award ceremony.Prof Vireshwar Nath Capoor Gold Medal for best workshop scholar was awarded to Ila Krishnaveni from Andhra University. Prof Sohan Lal Mishra Gold medal was given to Umar Rashid Zargar from Kashmir University and Prof H R Mehra Gold medal was awarded to Purna Shukla of AU.A mini symposium on parasitic diseases was organised in which illustrious speakers on parasitology from various parts of the country expressed their views.The biological management of agroties segetum, a parasite of potato found in Himachal Pradesh was illustrated by Prof Deepak C Kalia. Such a method to utilise bio-agents is most economically viable and eco-friendly because a lot of chemicals are used to control parasitic infection. Cymothoides parasitism in teleost fishes was discussed by Dr Ravichandran from Annamalai University, Parangipettai.This is a parasite found in buccal cavity, gill chambers and epidermis of fish, and causes immense economic loss to the fishing industry. Prof R S Chauhan head of the College of Fisheries, G B Pant University of Agriculture and Technology, Pantnagar, dwelled upon trematodes and cestode parasites of culturable fish species and threw light on environmental interactions and their effect on parasitic invasion in aquaculture systems.Dr Ahmad Parvez Tehri illustrated the phenomenon of biomagnification caused by chemical pesticides in the fields having direct and adverse impact on biodiversity. He advised use of biological pesticides, like predacious ladybird, to avoid such damage. Information about enzymes phosphofructokinases was shared by Prof Bechan Sharma from department of Biochemistry, AU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17136880", "title": "Minor fire at BHEL factory triggers panic among workers", "text": "BHOPAL: Barely a month after a major fire devoured the transformer testing facilities at the BHEL's block no 3, a minor fire in the same complex on Wednesday led to panic among the workers and executives.Official sources said the fire was caused due to short circuit in the raw material cable. The fire broke out at 3.30 pm and was brought under control in about 20 minutes.Fire tenders rushed to the spot immediately and no casualties were reported. Labour organizations though have raised doubts over the safety measures put in place as this is the second incident in a short span.\"It is surprising that the fire broke out again in the same area. What is the use of the report of the enquiry committee that was submitted recently? They are never made public and the actual reason and lapses are not fixed,\" said a union leader requesting anonymity.\"Besides, the cable was old and lying unused on the ground which caught fire from the embers of a welding machine,\" said another factory worker.\"More than a dozen accidents have happened at the BHEL factory in the last two years. Five of the incidents have resulted in deaths of contract workers,\" informed another worker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "17135699", "title": "Two cops attacked with swords", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: Two Haryana assistant police inspectors (ASI) were attacked with swords when they reached the bank colony around 11.30pm on Tuesday. They had reportedly received information that goons were creating a nuisance in the area. The assailants escaped and a case was registered against them.ASIs Amar Singh and Maya Ram, who were deployed at Farkpur police station, were critically injured and admitted to the trauma centre of Yamunanagar civil hospital. Sources said the attackers entered the colony on motorbikes and all carried swords. Sources said they were probably targeting somebody.In their statements, the ASIs said: The assailants lost their temper on seeing cops and used their weapons on %us. They were nearly a dozen in number and it got difficult to handle them. We were %helpless. The SHO of Farkpur The ice station said investigation is on and an FIR %was lodged against some suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17138121", "title": "Students shine at \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcAgaaz\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The students of Institute of Professional Studied (IPS) of Allahabad University showcased their talent on the second day of cultural event, Agaaz, on Wednesday.The day began with the competition titled 'Two faces of coin' wherein each participant was asked to pick a chit mentioning a topic and was given two minutes to prepare it. The participants were given two minutes each to speak in favour and against the topic. Sampada Srivastava of Centre of Media Studies won the competition while Neelanjan Bhattacharya from the Centre of Computer Education and Saurabh Agrawal from Centre of Media Studies were second and third respectively. Other events held included rangoli, collage, quiz and Ad-Mad.The team of Centre of Food Technology won the first prize in Ad-Mad. Centre of Media Studies got the second and Centre of Computer Education got the third position.In Rangoli, Centre of Fashion Design gained the first and the second positions and Centre of Computer Education took the third position. Centre of Media Studies gained the first rank in the Collage, second went to Centre of Food Technology and the third to Fashion Design. The primary focus of the second day was the Quiz wherein Centre of Computer Education won this game, Centre of Food Technology got the second and Fashion gained the third place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17136128", "title": "Controversial film receives ban ruling", "text": "HYDERABAD: The committee which was appointed to watch the movie 'A woman in Braamminism' has recommended a ban on the movie.The chairperson of the committee, Nilam Sawhney, principal secretary, women and child welfare department, had watched the film along with eight other members on November 5 and felt that there was a lot of obscenity and vulgarity in it.The committee also felt that since the movie would hurt the sentiments of the Brahmin community, it should not be released.The committee report was sent to the government by the member-convener RV Chandravan, who is the managing director of the AP Film, TV and Theatre Development Corporation, and by the commissioner of the information and public relations department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17137809", "title": "Most voters blame Bush for economic problems", "text": "WASHINGTON: Voters across the US were mostly focused on the economy when they cast their ballots on Monday, with 6 in 10 calling it the nation's top problem, according to results of exit polls. About half said former Republican president George W Bush was more to blame than President Barack Obama for the current economic problems.Fifty-nine per cent of voters said the economy was the biggest issue before the country, about the same percentage as 2008. Next were health care (18%) and the deficit (15%).A measly 5% said foreign policy was the top issue . Seventy-seven per cent of voters called the economy not so good or poor.Voters were split about equally on the question of which candidate would better handle the economy. Most said Mitt Romney's policies would generally favour the rich, while only 1 in 10 said that was the case for the president's policies . Just under 4 in 10 voters said unemployment was the biggest economic problem facing voters like them. Nearly as many called rising prices the biggest economic problem.Taxes and housing were a distant third and fourth, respectively.National exit polls revealed that about 50% of US voters still blamed former president George W Bush for the country's economic problems rather than Obama.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17135777", "title": "Haryana makes child care leave sanction easier for women", "text": "GURGAON: In a major relief to the women employees in Haryana, the state government on Wednesday announced to simplify the procedure to grant child care leave (CCL).The state government grants leave up to two years to women employees to take care of their children. This facility is available for up to two children and the leave for each child can be availed till he or she attains the age of 18 years.In the latest decision, the state government has authorized the head of departments to sanction CCL of women employees to do away the previous condition of seeking approval from the state finance department in case of leave of more than 120 days. Official sources said that the file of CCL takes around a month for clearance from the finance department.\"With the new decision, the employees would get early clearance from their head of department for child care leave. This would also save the time of administrative secretaries, who were supposed to forward the leave file to the finance department,\" said Sanjeev Kaushal, principal secretary (finance), Haryana.According to estimates, more than one lakh women employees would benefit from the new decision. In case of group C (class III) and D (class IV) employees, the appointing authority, who is normally the department head, will be competent to sanction the CCL for up to 730 days. In case of officers of group A (class I) and B (class II), %the head of department would sanction leave of up to 120 days.In case of leave for more than 120 days for officers of group A and B, the administrative secretaries would be competent to sanction leave. Administrative secretaries, head of departments and appointing authorities may also be able delegate these powers to junior officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "17136919", "title": "Experience America to expose opportunities available there", "text": "MANIPAL: The US Consulate General Chennai is all set to organize Experience America in Mangalore in February 2013. This event is being organized for the first time in the state. TOI spoke to Shanna Dietz Surendra, cultural affairs officer of US Consulate General, Chennai. ExcerptsWhat is the objective of organizing such an event? This is a cultural exchange programme, which will give exposure to American culture and various opportunities available there. At the event participants can also interact with representatives of American-based companies and can get information on education opportunities there.How many American students join various courses in Indian Universities every year? A decade ago not many American students used to come to India for studies. But, nowadays many American students have started coming here, particularly to learn yoga, Sanskrit and other Indian languages. There is a huge difference the way yoga is taught in America and in India.Why it is difficult for Indian students to get visas? At present, there are more than one lakh Indian students in America. We need more students from India. We encourage students to take up various programmes in American Universities. India is the only country which has been largely benefited by Fulbright programmes. Under the international exchange programme started by US in 1946, over 17,000 students have been benefited. Currently, it is known as Fulbright-Nehru programme and India has also started funding for the programme.Are American Universities planning tie-ups with Indian universities? We have been connecting with small Indian Universities by organizing live video conferences from America, where experts will talk on various academic topics. This practice of conducting video conferences will continue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17137561", "title": "Moms-to-be, watch what you do and eat this Diwali", "text": "BANGALORE: Suhani and Aniket Mishra, a young couple from Koramangala, are expecting their first baby early next year. With Diwali round the corner, the couple started shopping enthusiastically for the festival and also decided to paint the house. In the chaos, Suhani forgot to check with her gynaecologist about any precautions she must follow.\"My in-laws are coming to Bangalore for Diwali and I wanted to finish all household work before they arrived. I've developed dust allergy, which gave me flu,\" said Suhani.Doctors say moms-to-be mustn't forget their health as the festive season sets in along with a flurry of activity. Cleaning and painting the house, eating calorie-rich food, entertaining guests and visiting friends can take a toll on expectant mothers, who are low on immunity.Change in weather, overeating, fireworks and smoke can trigger health issues, they caution.Dr Beena Jaysingh, senior consultant, obstetrician and gynaecologist, The Cradle, Koramangala, said: \"A woman's daily routine changes during pregnancy. It is important to keep the body hydrated. Drink at least 3-4 litres of water through the day. The season changes during Diwali, which can trigger viral infections like flu. Avoid visiting crowded areas and cover yourself well.\"\"Smoke from fireworks and change in weather can lead to asthma and respiratory allergies. It is important to wash hands thoroughly so that bacteria are not transferred to the body,\" said Dr Sirisha Reddy, gynaecologist, Columbia Asia Hospital, Hebbal.Expectant mothers must watch their diet during festivals, said Dr Gayatri Karthik, consultant obstetrician and gynaecologist, Manipal Hospital.HOW TO BE HEALTHYHave timely and nutritious food to stay active and healthy, and keep blood sugar level under control Eat small, frequent meals, watch portion size and avoid sugary drinks, snacks and sweets Avoid handling fireworks since reflexes are slow Keep away from cracker smoke Keep body hydrated to avoid getting rashes and dry skin due to change in weather Observe hygiene to reduce risk of seasonal flu and H1N1 virus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17136406", "title": "Textile industry offers job generation potential: Sukhbir Badal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The governments of Punjab, both in India and Pakistan, will work towards strengthening the ties of the textile industry. Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal, who is on a visit to Lahore, stressed on the need for a big push to the textile industry as it offered vast employment generation potential.Speaking at a function organized by all Pakistan Textile Manufacturer's Association held in Lahore, Sukhbir said the textile industry of eastern and western Punjab should join hands and supplement each others strength.Textile industry is far developed in Pakistan and constitutes more than 70% export of the country. \"Punjab is coming up with a textile park in Malwa region. Textile manufacturers of both the Punjabs should explore the possibility of joint venture to excel in the competitive goods,\" he said.He said APTMA delegation should visit Punjab and discuss the opportunities available in the textile sector. Members of the APTMA spoke about the progress of textile industry in Punjab on Pakistan side and also honoured the deputy chief minister and his cabinet colleagues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135162", "title": "BEST workers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 stir over bonus deferred", "text": "MUMBAI: The BEST workers' union has decided to defer its stir over the Diwali bonus issue. City mayor Sunil Prabhu and BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta have called the union to discuss the issue on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17137660", "title": "Obama's Asia policy vs Chinese checkers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Obama 1 started out with a \"G-2 \" with China in 2009. That spooked the rest of the world and failed to impress the Chinese. Two years later, Obama was talking about a US \"pivot\" to Asia, which the Chinese see as a containment exercise.Obama will not declare China a currency manipulator, but Obama has already been fairly hard on China -\u00e2\u20ac\u201din the past few months, Obama actually stopped a Chinese company from investing in a US wind energy company' a rare executive action.Obama's re-election coincides with a leadership transition in China. If Obama's inbox the next morning is full of challenges for the US, the same is true for China. So what does Obama's continuation mean in the \"Central Kingdom\"? As the US battles spending cuts and a slowing economy, Obama's \"pivot \" to Asia becomes a question mark. What will be the scale and nature of the US military presence? How will it be resourced? Obama is scheduled to visit Phnom Penh for the East Asia Summit later this month, his first trip overseas after his re-election. It will give the new leadership of China the first opportunity to get a feel for the US \"pivot\" now that Obama has four more years to put it in place. Obama is also scheduled to visit Myanmar, in an effort to wean it away from overdependence on Beijing.The question is whether this will make China feel more threatened and therefore be more aggressive, or whether the top two economies of the world be able to find a way to deal with each other without it becoming a reprise of the cold war.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17137049", "title": "Teachers allege Gujarat govt shows bias", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat State Secondary and Higher Secondary Teacher's Association has alleged bias by the state government when it comes to dealing with the state government.The teacher's association has alleged that the state government has failed to address the issue of surplus teachers. Teachers who were appointed after June 30, 1998 face the threat of becoming surplus and losing their jobs anytime but despite promises, the government has not resolved the issue.Moreover, while all the other government employees get transportation allowance, the teachers are deprived of this allowance. \"Even talatis are given transportation allowance but the teachers have been deprived of this benefit which amounts to biased treatment\", said teachers. They also alleged that the minor hike in the entry level pay scale has not been passed on to the teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17136462", "title": "Management lessons straight from history", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Indian Business Heritage Lecture Series, launched by the Indian Institute of Management-Kozhikode (IIM-K) on Wednesday, provided a platform for management students and scholars to get valuable management lessons straight from history.The maiden lecture 'The Battle of Calicut- A Landmark Event' Dr Oliver Noone, an amateur historian who hails from Calicut, recreated an obscure war between the East India Company and the forces of Tipu Sultan in 1790 in Malabar. This was to drive home the point that the a rather unknown war in the backyard of Kozhikode could pave the way for the British colonization of India and alter the trade fortunes of Kozhikode forever.Dr Noone, who had extensively researched the event which had escaped the attention of mainstream historians, said the battle that took place on December 10, 1790 near Tirurangadi marked the end of Tipu's reign and it was also the first successful implementation of the British colonisation strategy.\"The war turned the scales in favour of the British who were after the resources and ports of Malabar. It also had immense implications on trade in the region,' he said.Dr Noone said that it was a chance discovery of a letter written by the then Governor-General of India Lord Cornwallis to Colonel Hartley (who led the battle of Calicut) stating that the victory had provided 'great and important advantages' that aroused his curiosity. He said that the battle also marked the end of Calicut as a long- standing trading post in the region.Inaugurating the event, IIM-K director Debashis Chatterjee said that lecture series was instituted to mark the successful completion of the first phase of the Indian Business Museum project. \"IIM-K can take pride in having the first-ever museum on Indian business history with the theme connecting the past to the future. The objective is to lend a connecting thread to the contemporary business managers on India's rich business traditions,\" he added.Eminent historian M G S Narayanan presided over the function. Convener of Indian Business Museum MG Sreekumar and IIM-K faculty Anupam Das, faculty, IIM-K, spoke at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135229", "title": "Murder cloud on engineer\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death", "text": "NEW DELHI: The case of the 22-year-old engineer, whose body was found on October 7 on the railway tracks near Amar Colony cut in two, has got murkier after the postmortem report on Monday revealed that the death was \"homicidal\" and the injuries on his body were sustained before death.Shiv Pratap Singh, a native of Gwalior, was identified after the cellphone recovered from his pants pocket was switched on by police and an SMS arrived. Officers called the number which belonged to his sister and she identified his body.Singh's body, police said, was found cut in two at the abdomen. A head constable informed the police control room about presence of the body around 10am that day. Police have ruled out robbery as Rs 300 in cash and his mobile phone were found on Shiv's person. They were initially probing the matter after initiating inquest proceedings under Section 174 CrPC. However, the Crime Branch has registered a case of murder following the postmortem report and is investigating it afresh.However, his phonebook, sent messages and incoming and outgoing calls had been deleted prior to death. Police are puzzled as to how Singh's mobile survived the possible impact of a train.Singh's sister, Neha, an MBBS student, had come to Delhi at the time to appear in a competitive examination. She told investigators Singh had completed studies in engineering from a college in Gwalior and had come to Delhi for a job. He worked in a BPO in south Delhi and was staying in Gurgaon.Singh's father Jitender Pratap Singh told police he suspected his son had been murdered. Singh's postmortem was conducted by a panel of three doctors headed by Shree Niwas M at the Maulana Azad Medical College mortuary. The panel in its report opined that \"death in this case occurred as a combined result of cerebral damage and shock ... The injuries are ante mortem and homicidal in nature\".A source said police were planning to question Singh's friends and neighbours to ascertain the sequence of events on that day. His call records are also being analysed to ascertain his whereabouts on that day. The persons Singh spoke to will also be questioned. Police said as they have got some leads in the case, a report will be filed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136690", "title": "Not just power plants, transmission lines will also scar Vidarbha", "text": "NAGPUR: Big number of power plants is not the only threat Vidarbha is facing. A new calamity is coming up in the form of transmission lines. Around 30,000 hectares of land is set to fall prey to power transmission towers, according to Vidarbha Environmental Action Group (VEAG).VEAG convener Sudhir Paliwal told TOI that the transmission along with proposed power projects will spell doom for Vidarbha environment and agriculture. \"Many power projects are coming up in Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and adjoining states. Besides, 132 power plants are proposed in various parts of the Vidarbha itself. The power from these plants will be evacuated through national or state grids. Vidarbha being in the centre of the country, high capacity lines such as 762 and 1,200 KV are proposed in various parts. It is estimated the lines will cover around 30,000 hectares. Most towers will be on agriculture fields,\" he said.Paliwal added that the electromagnetic radiation generated from such lines may cause damage to agriculture fields. \"The lines already causing threat to the birds and insects. It may have impact health too but to lesser extent. MoEF has come up with the policy to control radiation from the mobile towers. Citizens, social organizations and political parties will have to join hands and agitate against proposed power projects and transmission towers too,\" he said.Already, two districts of Vidarbha\u00e2\u20ac\u201dNagpur and Chandrapur\u00e2\u20ac\u201d are facing threat of too many power transmission lines. The areas like Koradi, Khaparkheda, Butibori, Mouda, Umrer, Kamptee etc already having too many towers. The Chandrapur district is the worst affected due to lines and towers. Major areas of the district face the problems due to these.Apart from all ill-effects on health, environment and agriculture, there are other problems. Laws allow erection of transmission towers even without consent of land owners. The land owners are also not entitled to get any compensation. The value of the land reduces to a great extent if it has transmission lines and towers.The VEAG paints a scary picture. The proposed 132 thermal power projects will require 1,32,000 acres of land. Besides, they will consume 50 lakh cubic metres water meant for irrigation every day. Around 13 lakh tonnes ash will be generated every day that will pollute air, water, and soil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "17137259", "title": "SHG members scared of \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcvengeful\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 ward member", "text": "KEONJHAR: Hundreds of women from Saharpada block on Wednesday gathered at the collector's office here, demanding security from a ward member who has allegedly threatened to take revenge against them for his arrest in an assault case.The ward member, Ashish Patra, was arrested for allegedly assaulting and misbehaving with women SHG members on Sunday near Rajnagar panchayat office. A local court rejected his bail plea and remanded him in judicial custody.The women had gathered near the panchayat office to attend a meeting of federation of SHG groups. Patra was caught after police received a complaint from a victim. He is a close associate of an MLA, sources said.Janaki Naik, a victim, said, \"The ward member misbehaved with us using invectives. When we protested, he started assaulting us. One of us even sustained injuries. Later we got united and attacked him and informed the matter to Turumunga police. While in police custody, he threatened to attack us after being released from jail. We have come here to give a memoranda to the collector and the SP to provide us protection.\"Kamala Naik, another woman of Nuagaon, said, \"We feel unsafe as the accused is an anti-social. Unless security is given to us, we will gherao the police station and block the national highway.''The women also alleged that the police changed their complaint and slapped weak sections of IPC on the accused.Police, however, rubbished the allegations. \"'We will take action against Patra if he takes the law into his own hands,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17136336", "title": "Village head lodges counter-FIR against RTI activists", "text": "KANPUR: Kanpur Dehat police booked four activists who had been seeking information from a village pradhan (head) on various development projects in their locality under the Right to Information Act (RTI). Speaking to TOI on phone, Sunil Singh, a resident of Shahjahanpur Ninaya village, said, he had filed an RTI application at the office of the district magistrate in September seeking information from authorities on various developmental work and several beneficiary schemes taken up by village pradhan Altaf Husain in the locality after it was learnt that there had been misappropriation of government funds for the area.\"But we were shocked to know about a police complaint registered against us by an aide of the village pradhan at the Gajner police station,\" alleged Singh. He alleged further that Husain and his henchmen had been threatening them with dire consequences since the time the RTI application was submitted.Another villager Gulab Singh, whose name is also in the FIR, said, \"Cops at the Gajner police station not only used foul language but also misbehaved with our kin and did not let us go through the contents of the FIR. They charged us with paralysing' governments developmental related work in the area.\"Despite continuous threats and cops' refusal to provide security, Ram Milan Singh, a relative of one of the RTI applicants, sought police protection and addressed a letter to the director general of police and chief minister. He has also lodged a complaint with senior police officials, who inquired about the issue with the Kanpur Dehat police officials.Repeated attempts by TOI to contact Husain failed.\"The pradhan and his aides in collusion with the local police have been threatening and mounting pressure on us to withdraw the RTI application at the office of the district magistrate. Citing the fate of RTI activists murdered in various parts of the country, they threatened us with dire consequences,\" said Gulab Singh another RTI activist.\"When we went to district collectorate to seek information regarding RTI queries, there also, his supporters followed us and threatened us to kill if not stop chasing the `wrongdoings' of village `pradhan'. After the verbal duel, they left the place and warned us to withdraw RTI application,\" he added.Shiv Singh, a relative of one of the RTI activist said \"His cousin received stringent life threats on his mobile phone since he had sought information through RTI application from the district authorities. The unidentified persons had threatened to kill him,\" he said.He claimed that filing of RTI was their democratic right and that Husain was scared of the RTI queries. Sunil Singh, who has filed an RTI application, claimed the complaint to the police was meant to deter them from filing RTI applications with the district authorities.Additional superintendent of police Ram Kishan, however, said the police were conducting preliminary inquiry into the incident and admitted an FIR had been filed against the seven villagers of Shahjahanpur Ninaya village on the complaint of a villager in this regard with the Gajner police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17137438", "title": "Second coming of Barack Obama: India relieved, but clouds loom over outsourcing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime minister Manmohan Singh could not in all honesty tell Obama in his congratulatory message that Indians \"love\" him. But India, like much of the world, breathed a sigh of relief at Obama's re-election. Because in the past four years, India has learnt to deal with the clinical and calculating the United States president. In these years, the depth and breadth of the US-India ties have jumped in ways we couldn't have imagined earlier.On China, Myanmar, Afghanistan and Iran , West Asia and Africa , Indians and Americans are clocking up frequent flyer miles to share views and approaches.During the presidential debates, Indians bemoaned the lack of candidates' interest in India. In the upper levels of the Indian government there was relief. In his second term, Obama will have many challenges facing him. The India relationship is not among them.With New Delhi embracing economic reforms again after years, an improvement in the bilateral investment climate is something PM would pitch for with the US. In his first term, Obama's economic instincts have been less than laudable. Publicly and privately' Indians have rued the protectionist tendencies in US.Indians are hoping that with a sinking economy , Obama will develop more economic sense. But his anti-outsourcing mantra has been an electoral winner and Obama is unlikely to let go of that.That won't be good news for Indian companies looking for a greater space in the US. This also means that H1-B visas and L-1 visas will remain a significant issue between India and the US. Strategically, India would want clarity on the US \"pivot\" to Asia and how Obama will put meat into that policy. In West Asia, India, no lover of military action, wants the US to directly deal with the Iranian leadership to resolve the nuclear issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17135570", "title": "Reversing car kills 79-year-old woman", "text": "CHENNAI: A car knocked down a 79-year-old woman, who later died of her injuries, at RBI quarters on Wednesday night.Police sources said the driver of the car was backing up when the vehicle hit Indira. An investigating officer said Indira was standing in front of her house in the RBI quarters in Poonamallee when the accident took place.\"She did not notice that Ramasubbu Reddy, a deputy general manager in RBI, Chennai, was reversing the car,\" the officer said,Reddy told police that he did not see the woman but stopped the car as soon as he heard her cry out. Indira, who had serious head injuries, was rushed to a private hospital where she died at 11pm.Based on a complaint by Indira's daughter, Madhumathi, police registered a case under IPC sections 279 (rash driving) and 304 (a) (causing death due to negligence).The body has been sent for postmortem to Kilpauk Medical College &amp; Hospital.Investigators are trying to determine if Reddy was backing up the car at high speed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17138114", "title": "KC Ibrahim: The cricketer who wanted to become a mathematician", "text": "The list of graduate cricketers in any academic faculty has reduced. Becoming a professional cricketer is thought of as the ultimate dream.Once that dream is achieved, the only thing a cricketer can hope for is to sustain it. For a cricketer to dream of something apart from cricket is unheard of. But there was one person in the late 30s, a cricketer who dreamt of being a mathematician.When he was studying at the St Xavier's College between 1937 and 1941, he was known as an intelligent teenager. In the class, he would solve complicated problems in a jiffy and scored brilliant marks in mathematics. But on the cricket ground, it would be difficult to believe he was the same studious boy. He would be at his attacking best, scoring runs so confidently that he went on to play for India before migrating to Pakistan.Khanmohammad Cassumbhoy Ibrahim, fondly known as KC, was born in Bombay's Khoja community on Jan 26, 1919. He went on to captain Bombay University and Bomaby in the Ranji Trophy. In 60 first-class matches, he scored 4716 runs at an average of 61.24 with 14 centuries. Russi Cooper, who was his classmate, recalls: \"KC was an intelligent student. He was at the St Xavier's with me from 1937 to 1941, and he was brilliant at mathematics. He was also a very aggressive cricketer.\"I remember him scoring a double hundred in the inter-collegiate final against Elphinstone College. Raman Patel, Bhikoo Patel, Dattu Phadkar, Gokul and Vasant Pandit, Bhau Phansalkar and Madhu Amarsee used to play for them.\"However, KC changed his approach towards batting later on. According to Cooper, he changed to a two-eyed stance, much like Tiger Pataudi after he damaged his left eye. \"He became more defensive as it made him play more on the backfoot. He would concentrate hard and his innings used to get longer. People resisted shaking hands with him because of his strong grip. He married a close relative of Muhammad Ali Jinnah and migrated to Pakistan,\" adds Cooper.Once when he was asked to open the innings for Bombay at the last minute, he ended up scoring a century . He made his first-class debut in 1938-39 . From 1941-42 onwards, Ibrahim was in excellent form in domestic cricket. In 1947-48 , he scored 1171 runs at 167.29, including four hundreds. His four important unbeaten knocks were 218, 36, 234, 77 followed by 144 - a total of 709.Says Madhav Mantri, who used to open the innings for Bombay with him: \"He was very confident while playing seam bowling on matting wicket. He was a consistent player for the Muslims in the Pentangulars. Once he single-handedly won a game for his team by scoring 137. It was a very good exhibition of batsmanship. A fine captain, he backed his players and at the end of the day would discuss team strategies with them.\"When Bombay won the Ranji title in 1949, KC was the captain. It was a knockout format then and every match had to be won to stay alive in the competition. In the seven-day timeless Ranji final in March 1949 against Baroda at the Brabourne stadium , he opened and batted for 10 hours to score 219. It was a captain's knock that old-timers still remember.Mantri says there was a time when in the '50 and '60s when budding players used to be told to bat like KC. Sadly, very few youngsters of the current generation know about KC's brilliant batsmanship and the strategies that he was so successful at.He died in 2007, in Pakistan. India had lost a lot to its neighbour in 1947 because of the Partition.Ibrahim's moving to Pakistan a few years later because of his marriage meant another loss. For a player of his calibre he got to play only four Tests.If he had continued to make an impact on Indian cricket, perhaps he wouldn't have gone off the domestic scene, so integral he was to it.An all-rounder in the real sense, KC's legendary achievements will continue to live on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135399", "title": "Four biodiversity parks planned in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city will soon have a special committee on biodiversity for 10,000 hectares designated for the purpose. In a meeting held recently, LG Tejendra Khanna announced the creation of the Delhi Biodiversity Foundation Society that will function as a registered body under the Delhi Development Authority. Officials said that four biodiversity parks in addition to the Yamuna and Aravalli BDPs will be developed.Of these, Tilpat Valley, which is contiguous to the Asola and Bhatti sanctuaries, will be used for compensatory plantation to be carried out by the DMRC. \"The land is on Haryana border and will provide a direct corridor for the wildlife of both states. Plantation by DMRC will not be in the usual order of 10 trees to one but will be in keeping with the local biodiversity,\" said Prof. CR Babu, project in-charge of the BDPs.Phase Two of the Yamuna BDP has commenced while work is on to develop the Aravalli BDP as a nature reserve. In a few years, the Aravalli BDP will welcome visitors to a specially designated zone that will function as a park within the park. The 70-acre area will have over 200 species of threatened plants and trees native to the Aravalli areas of Delhi, Haryana and Rajasthan. The remaining park will be designated a nature reserve.Scientist in-charge of the park, M Shah Hussain, said plantation on the identified site, entry to which would be from Nelson Mandela Marg, has begun with species that can no longer be found in Delhi. So far visits to the park are restricted with only education trips and groups of more than 30 permitted in guided tours. \"Plant species like Kullu, Karaya Gum, Salai, Dhaba, Palash and Gurjan are being planted at present,\" he said.The biodiversity park is being planted with native species, though even now about 30% of the park is covered with a dense growth of Prosopis juliflora or the vilayati kikar, a plant that was introduced by the British and which did not allow any other species to prosper. \"We started with 85% coverage of Prosopis juliflora, but in the past 5 years we have re-introduced native species,\" said Hussain.The park, being developed by DU's Centre for Environment Management and Degraded Ecosystem, will be divided into 4 zones eventually. The major part will be occupied by the nature reserve while the other three sections will include the visitor's area, a nature educational zone and a rangeland.The land is on Haryana border and will provide a direct corridor for the wildlife of both states, said Prof C R Babu, project in-charge of the BDPs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17135843", "title": "YEIDA plans four new substations", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A month after the first phase of the Master Plan 2031 of Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority was approved by the NCR Planning Board, preparations have begun to meet the projected power demand in the area for the next two decades. As per the first phase of the master plan, the projected population of 35 lakh will need 4,800MW of power and the Authority has decided to construct four substations of 765KV, 400KV, 220KV and 35KV capacity. The proposal has been approved by the state government.While the Yamuna Expressway Authority will provide the land for the four substations, the construction work will be carried out by the Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL). Officials said the 765KV substation will be constructed first on the public-private-partnership model. This substation is part of a transmission network project being undertaken by UPPCL to enhance power distribution to townships and residential projects in progress in Noida, Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway area.After a brief disagreement with UPPCL over funding , on Monday, the Authority finally agreed to make 75 acres of land available for the substation at a cheaper rate of Rs 2,500 per sqm. In September this year, YEIDA had demanded Rs 158.66 crore at a rate of Rs 4,100 per sqm from the transmission wing of the power corporation for the land for the substation. UPPCL however, had refused to pay the \"high rate.\"\"An agreement has finally been reached over the rate of the land and soon, work on the 765KV substation will begin. The plan for all the four substations has already been approved by the state and once work on the 765 KV substation begins, the Authority will begin identifying land for the remaining three smaller substations and work out their details,\" an official said.Last month, the NCR Planning Board had approved the first phase of the Master Plan 2031 of the Yamuna Expressway Authority, which proposes development of the area between Greater Noida and Jewar.According to officials, the Authority has also completed work on the 'concept plan' of the second phase of the master plan that will cover the area between Jewar and Agra. The concept plan will be presented before the Authority board in its meeting on November 23.As per the first phase of the master plan, the projected population of 35 lakh will need 4,800MW of power, so Yamuna E-way Authority has decided to construct four new substations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17139957", "title": "Biriyani crew celebrate Venkat Prabhu's birthday", "text": "The director who is shooting his next film Biriyani in Chennai at the moment, was flooded with wishes on social networking sites, both from friends and fans.The overwhelmed director was in for a bigger surprise on the sets of his film when the unit greeted him with a giant cake.Venkat has tweeted, \"Thanks Biriyani team for the cake and celebrations at the spot today!Thanks guys 4 da earlywishes! In 2010 thala made Biriyani 4 me on my b'day!! This year b'day I am making Biriyani 4 all of u to taste soon!\"Karthi, Sakthi Saravanan his cameraman, Premgi Amaren and producers Studio Green all greeted him and revealed the cake which was cut amidst the unit members.Venkat has also taken time to reply to each and everyone's wishes personally on the social networking sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17135512", "title": "Lucknow University fined 5 colleges for delay in backpaper form submission", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow University administration, on Wednesday, imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 each on five of its associated colleges for not submitting the backpaper and improvement forms on time. The directions to impose fine came from the newly-appointed vice-chancellor GB Patnaik after he was apprised that the backpaper and improvement forms were not submitted by these colleges even after 10 days of the deadline.The colleges that have been fined include Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose Government Girls Degree College, Jai Narain PG College, Lucknow Christian Degree College, Vidyant Hindu Degree College and Shia PG College. According to university officials, the V-C said that instead of imposing fine on students, the college should pay the fine so that they do not repeat the same in future.Sources said that the V-C was fumed with the delay in examination related work that goes all round the year. On November 2, these colleges were asked to furnish details of students who have filled up backpaper and improvement forms via e-mail but they failed to do that.The university had initially issued the last date of submission of backpaper and improvement forms as October 16 without late fee and October 20 with late fee amounting to Rs 300. On request of the colleges to extend the dates, the university kept October 20 as last date without late fee and October 26 with late fee. Normally, the fee for filling up improvement and backpaper form is Rs 1,200.There were also reports from the university that the V-C has asked the top officials to stop outsourcing of printing of admit cards. \"The VC said that what is the need of outsourcing the work when there exists a DTP cell with a computer centre,'' said an official. However, since the backpaper and improvement examinations are to be held in December, it will not be possible to print all admit cards. This time, the work will be partially outsourced and from next session, complete printing of admit cards will take place inside the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135294", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcLet CBI or retd SC judge probe irrigation scam\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Leader of opposition Eknath Khadse on Wednesday asked chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to entrust the probe into the Rs 36,000-crore irrigation scam either to the CBI or a retired Supreme Court judge.\"Chavan had promised a white paper, but there does not appear to be any progress. We feel that even if a white paper is published, Chavan will not be able to fix the responsibility,\" Khadse told TOI.\"If Chavan is serious, he should entrust the probe to the CBI or a retired judge of the apex court, then he will be able to expose the corrupt ministers and officials. Besides Ajit Pawar, water resources department secretary D P Shirke was equally responsible for the blatant violation of rules in the multi-crore scam,\" he added.\"Chavan must suspend Shirke for an impartial probe. I had taken up the dubious role of Shirke with the then governor S C Jamir on March 15, 2009, but no action was taken,\" the senior BJP leader said. On the proposal for a white paper, Khadse said, it will highlight the status of completed and on-going projects, but the government will not be able to nail the officials, responsible for large-scale cost escalation and unauthorized payments to the contractors. \"We have official records, each and every illegal proposal was signed by Shirke and then approved by Ajit Pawar. Under such circumstances, instead of a white paper, Chavan must initiate steps against the erring cabinet members and officials,\" he said.Khadse recalled that when he was the irrigation minister in 1998, a specific order was issued to prohibit payment of 'mobilization advance' and a stringent procedure was prescribed for cost escalation. \"We had stopped payment of mobilization advance and for cost escalation, the proposal had to be approved by a committee headed by the chief minister,\" he said. According to Khadse, after Ajit Pawar took over mobilization advance was given to a large number of favoured contractors and in several cases, cost escalation ranged between 100% and 300%. \"Ajit Pawar revoked the crucial order for obvious reasons. From the entire series in TOI, it's clear that the entire water resources department was working for the cause of contractors and that too under the direct supervision of senior NCP leaders,\" he alleged.Khadse said he would meet the governor to press for the demand.\"The entire opposition will press for the demand. We demand criminal action against erring cabinet members and officials,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17136635", "title": "Residents up in arms against plywood units", "text": "KOCHI: Perumbavoor residents are up in arms demanding closing down of plywood factories that are allegedly polluting nearby areas. These factories have been constructed flouting norms, they allege. People who are on an indefinite hunger strike in front of the district collectorate demanding closure of such factories are now planning to intensify the agitation.It was a decade ago that plywood factories started mushrooming in Perumbavoor area. The number of plywood companies in the area, which was around 300 three years ago, has now gone up to more than 800. Most of these factories are near canals, ponds and paddy fields and discharge waste into these water bodies.Environmentalist S Seetharaman said the use of urea and formaldehyde as adhesive for sticking veneers was polluting the air.\"We have found that plywood industries are polluting water, air and the soil. But the local bodies and the pollution control board (PCB) are turning a blind eye to the issue,\" said Seetharaman.\"Formaldehyde can cause severe health issues, including hormonal problems and congenital diseases. As per the classification based on pollution level, plywood factories fall in the 'orange category', which is danger zone,\" Seetharaman said.\"Though it is stipulated that factories shouldn't function within 50-metre radius of residences, many of them are situated just five feet away from residences. Around 500 factories function within the 50-metre limit of residential areas,\" said action council coordination committee president Varghese Pulluvazhy.\"The protestors said the factories, which were licensed to function in a single shift, work round the clock. Besides, the social issues stemming from the influx of migrant labourers were also a problem. There are also reports that migrant labourers are dying of unknown diseases,\" said Varghese.\"We will take out a protest march to the zonal office of the PCB in Kadavanthra on November 8,\" he said.Leaders of saw mill owners association, however, brushed aside these allegations. \"Earlier, these factories were a cause of pollution in the area. But now all of them abide by the rules. Personal interest is behind the agitation,\" said saw mill owners association Pulluvazhy region president K V Paulochan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17135506", "title": "Rs 3.5cr gold seized from gang of four", "text": "A gang of four, which had duped jewellers in Pune and Jaipur on the pretext of checking the purity of gold, was arrested in Mumbai on Saturday.The Pune crime branch, which made the arrests, claimed to have recovered 10.4 kg gold worth Rs 3.50 crore from the gang. Police also recovered a machine used for melting gold, fake gold coins, moulds of various sizes and 33 passports from them.Accused Sahil Morzaria (27) and Kisan Gokani (37) are residents of Kandivli, Zarine Memon (27) is from Borivli while Ritesh Desai (39) is from Ahmedabad.The Pune crime branch was investigating the case since June when jewellers in Pune complained that the gang had replaced boxes of gold bars with iron bars, said additional police commissioner Shahaji Solunke.On October 20, the gang, in similar manner, duped a jeweller in Jaipur of Rs 1.20 crore. \"One of the jewellers had CCTV images of the suspects. When cops checked CCTV footage from a shop in Jaipur, they found the same suspects,\" Solunke said, adding, cops had got information that the suspects were in Mumbai.Explaining the modus operandi, cops said Morzaria would buy gold from the jewellers to gain their trust. He would again call them to buy more gold and on the pretext of checking the purity of gold, put it on a scanner (a conveyor belt). Zarine, who hid in another room, would then switch the gold bars with iron bars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17137156", "title": "NMC terms littering an offence, set to impose fine", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to take punitive action against those throwing garbage or littering in public spaces. The civic body has given its approval to appoint an NGO to implement the project in the city.The decision was taken at the civic standing committee meeting on Wednesday. NGO Amulya Cleanup Services will be carrying out the cleanliness drive in the city.\"Throwing garbage has become a matter of concern as it is related to public health. Punitive action is to be taken against those littering in public places, including throwing nirmalya (withered prayer flowers) in the Godavari. Offenders will be fined Rs. 100 to Rs. 10,000, \"standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse said. Of the amount collected in fines, 40% will be given to NMC.The NGO is already implementing this project in Mumbai and Surat.The fine will be Rs 100 for for spitting at public places, Rs 200 for throwing garbage, bathing using soap in the river and throwing nirmalya in the river, Rs 500 for cleaning vehicles in the river and burnin public. Shops or restaurants throwing garbage in public places will be fined Rs 1,000 while builders will be fined Rs 5,000 for leaving construction waste untreated. Medical establishments like hospitals will be fined Rs 10,000 for not divide bio and medical waste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17136895", "title": "No school buses from November 19", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tamil Nadu Private Schools Association in a press meet on Wednesday in the city announced that schools will stop plying their school buses from November 19 protesting the new transport guidelines on school buses. The transport department had released some guidelines for school buses in the wake of a school student's accident some time back. Meanwhile, schools had been complaining that the stipulations were too hard to be practised.\"The guidelines have asked us suggestions where we have to change the structure of the vehicles to make the emergency doors, footsteps, and other aspects as per their guidelines. We will have to remodel the vehicle to match them,\" says R Visalakshi, president of the association. Moreover, the buses have to be presented before the transport officials every three months to obtain a 'road worthiness certificate.' This is apart from the regular fitness certificate (FC) school buses have to obtain every year. \"Those vehicles which need to revise their FC's are not being granted permission by the department,\" she said.Visalakshi added that when government buses were involved in several accidents, there were no such guidelines for them. After November 19, schools will instruct parents to arrange alternative facilities for the students transport, she said.The office bearers of the private school association said that many of the recent developments by the state and central governments harm the smooth functioning of the schools.\"The statutes in the Right to Education (RTE) Act to allot 25 percent seats to the poor students whose fees the government would reimburse later will create an administrative burden on the schools. Instead government should spend that money to develop the infrastructure of the government schools,\" she said.Apart from this, the government's instructions authorising the mothers to inspect the facilities of schools every week will affect the functioning of schools. The time and energy to be spent on academics will have to be spent on dealing with the headache created by unreasonable parents, Visalakhi claimed.Apart from this, the State Fee Determination Committee ( TNFDC) which fixes fees for the private schools in the state is being rigid with the fixation of fees. They are not taking into account the expenses of the schools. This should be changed immediately, otherwise which the school administration may be affected, she says.Similarly some of the statutes on school education are affecting the education system. Convicting teachers for punishing students should be withdrawn. \"When parents can punish the children why should teachers who are considered as 'second teachers' be punished,\" asks S P D Kanagasabai, another office bearer of the association. They complain that this is affecting the discipline of the schools. The office bearers say that they will request the state government to look into their complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17138127", "title": "`RTO coffers brim thanks to penalties", "text": "SURAT: Surat may be the fourth fastest growing cities in the world. But along with numbers reflecting its high growth, there are numbers that stick out like an ugly sore in this glitzy city.Thanks to the violation of traffic rules and regulation with impunity, the cash registers at the regional transport office (RTO) have started ringing with the daily income crossing Rs 5 lakh.RTO authorities claim that the errant vehicle drivers in the city have deposited as much as Rs 65 lakh as penalty for violating the traffic rules in the last 13 days.The traffic cops have intensified the drive against errant drivers in the past fortnight by issuing penalty memos for the violation of traffic rules and regulation under the Motor Vehicle Act to an average of 600 motorcycle owners, 150 auto rickshaws and 50 car owners on daily basis.The cops seize the vehicles and issue the penalty memos also known as RTO memos payable with the RTO. The vehicle owners are supposed to deposit fine amount ranging from Rs 500 to Rs 1,500, depending upon the nature of traffic rule violations with the RTO in order to get their vehicles released from the custody of the traffic police.BM Prajapati, regional transport officer, told TOI: \"We have made special arrangements at the RTO office for the vehicle owners to pay the penalty amount. Every day hundreds of people flock to the RTO for the depositing penalty amount.\"Surat has about 20 lakh vehicles including 15 lakh two-wheelers. Everyday about 250 new motorcycles and 50 cars are added on the city roads.Sources said that for the petty violation of the traffic rules like wearing helmets, driving in the wrong side, haphazard parking. The traffic cops collect fine in the range of Rs 100 to Rs 200 on the spot, while other violations like driving without licence, driving vehicles without valid documents, driving vehicles owned by someone else are issued with the RTO memos.\"Since the penalty amount at RTO is very high, the vehicle owners get a good lesson to following the rules next time when they drive on the road,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17136344", "title": "Hartcourt Butler Technological Institute alumni meet to held on November 25", "text": "KANPUR: Hartcourt Butler Technological Institute, Kanpur and Alumni Association of the institute will hold 8th International Alumni Meet for felicitation of 1988 batch of the institute on November 25.The meet will be inaugurated by director, Defence Materials And Stores Research and Development, Kanpur, Dr RK Saxena. Dr Saxena would also be the Chief Guest for the occasion. General secretary of Alumni Association of HBTI, Prof Raghuraj Singh informed that on November 25, the Alumni Meet of Hartcortians will be held with much pomp and show.Prof Singh also informed that on the day of Alumni Meet, the 92nd Foundation Day of HBTI will also be celebrated. During the event, there will be special lectures of general interest such as entrepreneurship etc. Special session has been scheduled for interaction between students and members of the alumni association in respective departments.The alumni meet will also witness the felicitation ceremony of the 1988 batch of the institute who have completed 25 years of their professional career. A cultural programme by the students of the institute would be held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17135239", "title": "Mother jumps into creek with 2 girls, rescued", "text": "THANE: A housewife tried to commit suicide by jumping into Kasheli creek after flinging her two daughters from a 60ft-high bridge on the Thane-Bhiwandi by-pass on Wednesday. All three were rescued by police constables within minutes.Shushma Parshuram Mhatre (32) and her daughters\u00e2\u20ac\u201d Chandni (11) and Kalyani (7)\u00e2\u20ac\u201dare recuperating at Thane civil hospital and are out of danger.Though Mhatre is not in a position to give her statement, preliminary inquiry revealed that domestic quarrels could have driven the her to attempt to end her and her kids' lives.The woman along with her husband, Parshuram Mhatre, and kids resides in Aagri community village of Tarichapada near Kolshet air force station. Her husband reportedly works at Tehsildar office in Thane. Locals said Parshuram is an alcoholic and the couple fights often.Around noon, three of Kapurbawadi police constables\u00e2\u20ac\u201dArvind Desai, Santosh Saskar and Sachin Bandgar, deployed at a check post close to the Kasheli creek bridge\u00e2\u20ac\u201dspotted Mhatre walking towards the bridge along with her children.\"She was crying endlessly and walking aimlessly with her daughters. I got suspicious and asked my colleagues to keep a watch on her,\" said Desai.After reaching the centre of the bridge, the women waited for some time and first flung her elder daughter and then the younger one. Then she jumped into the water, the police said.\"My colleague immediately alerted us and we rushed to help them. One of us called up the police control room and the fire brigade team. We ran down near the creek coast and with the help of boats used for sand dredging reached the spot where the three had dived,\" Desai said.The woman and her kids were rushed to the Thane civil hospital. The Kapurbawdi police are probing the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17138040", "title": "BJP must give us CM\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s seat by December: JMM", "text": "BOKARO: Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM), one of the major partners in the present alliance government, has indicated that the party wants to head and run the Jharkhand government in 2013 at any cost. If the demand is not fulfilled by their partners BJP and AJSU, the party will withdraw support and topple the Arjun Munda government. The JMM will also not hesitate in joining up with Congress or other political parties for forging yet another government in the state .JMM chief Shibu Soren on Wednesday said: \"I will not hesitate in going with the UPA or any other party in case BJP does not hand over power to our party under the 28-28 months power sharing pact. We are keeping our eyes open for other options that can provide support to us in forming a new government.\"Soren, who was talking to mediapersons at his farmhouse in Chira Chas, said: \"A deal is a deal. JMM has supported BJP and AJSU in forming government only because they had promised to run government on a rotation basis of 28 months. The BJP government's tenure will be over in December and it will be time for JMM to rule. BJP must keep its word of providing its support.\"Soren said that the party is yet to decide on the name for its chief minister candidate and it will be declared when things start moving in their favour. He added that JMM is not afraid of elections and the party has already started preparing for the polls and would contest alone for every seat.The Congress on Wednesday said it was ready to talk with Sibu Soren's outfit, but only it breaks its alliance with the saffron party. \"First, the JMM must give up its alliance with the BJP and then talk to the Congress high command in Delhi, which can take a decision in this regard,\" said Jharkhand Pradesh Congress Committee president Pradeep Balmuchu said. Balmuchu, a Rajya Sabha MP, said the decision related to providing support to the JMM for government formation could only be taken by Sonia Gandhi or Rahul Gandhi.Leader of the opposition in the assembly Rajender Singh said they had good relationship with Soren. But when the JMM raised the issue of 28-month power sharing deal with its alliance partners (the BJP and the Ajsu Party), it is difficult to say anything. \"However, if Soren asks for support from the Congress in forming a new government in the state, we would convey his message to the high command. But first the JMM should make their stand clear,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chicago", "code": "17137635", "title": "Call to Clinton: 'Thanks, Bill'", "text": "CHICAGO: His place in the White House sealed for another four years, the first call President Barack Obama made was to former president Bill Clinton.Obama was in a room with campaign manager Jim Messina and senior advisers David Axelrod and David Plouffe, according to Fox News, when he received a call from Mitt Romney. After he hung up, the president immediately called Clinton. Obama thanked Clinton for his work on the re-election campaign.Clinton worked tirelessly for Obama throughout the campaign0. In the beginning, he served as an active behind-the-scenes strategist, speaking regularly to Obama, Messina and Axelrod. He made suggestions on what themes the campaign should emphasize and where. He advocated for Obama to run advertisements in Florida that portrayed Romney as a threat to Medicare and Medicaid. During the Republican primary battle, he also counselled Messina and Axelrod to \"have an early conversation\" with Democratic base voters in battleground states, so as not to let any disappointment they felt over Obama's record calcify into indifference.In the closing days of the campaign' Clinton's participation intensified. He jumped into a hopscotch of battleground states in what \u00e2\u20ac\u201d depending on his wife's future plans \u00e2\u20ac\u201d may or may not be his last campaign as a Super Surrogate.\"The master, Bill Clinton,\" Obama called him, hailing his predecessor as \"a great president and a great friend\". Unsaid in the speech was that Clinton was also a salvation to Obama. He gave what was considered the best speech at the Democratic National Convention, arguably conveying the re-election rationale better than Obama did.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17137306", "title": "Madras high court stays rule making ration cards must for gas connection", "text": "MADURAI: Good news for people seeking LPG connections. The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Wednesday stayed a government order mandating production of ration cards for new connections. The order came on a PIL filed by advocate J Suresh of Karuppayurani in Madurai district.In the order, the court said LPG agencies should not insist on production of ration cards or no objection certificates for consumers coming within their revenue jurisdiction.In his petition, Suresh had sought quashing of a circular of the civil supplies department mandating production of ration card in case of LPG connection.The circular dated October 9, 2012, and sent to all LPG agencies in the district mandated production of family card or 'no family card certificate' in respect of new LPG connections.As the petitioner suffered on this ground, he moved court for remedy.Many advocates and staff members of the high court bench have come to Madurai from other places like Chennai. Due to the circular, they have found it difficult to get LPG connections as they are not able to produce such certificates, Suresh said.He also pointed out that the division bench had already passed orders on November 20, 2011, directing LPG agencies not to insist upon production of ration cards when the same problem arose then.The division bench comprising Justices K N Basha and P Devadoss before whom the petition came up for admission on Wednesday, granted an interim stay on the circular after considering the submissions put by the petitioner.\"The LPG agencies should not insist on production of ration cards or no objection certificate in respect of the members of the bar, staff members of the Madurai bench of the high court and general consumers coming within the revenue jurisdiction,\" the bench said in the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17137068", "title": "Gujarat Technological University forms inspection committees", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Technological University (GTU) has formed inspection committees which will carry surprise checks on the engineering, pharmacy, MBA, MCA and other technical colleges affiliated with the university. This time, faculty from different zones have been included in the committees to avoid any conflict of interest and to reduce complaints of committee members not reporting the deficiencies under duress.The GTU has been divided into five zones and teachers from one zone will be appointed on the inspection committee in the other zone so as to ensure that the inspection is free and fair. In the past, there have been allegations that committee members were threatened or coerced into not reporting the ground reality which defeated the very purpose of inspections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17139678", "title": "Embrace new technologies: Kamal", "text": "It is time for moviegoers to enjoy advance technology, says actor-filmmaker Kamal Haasan and urges theatre owners to work in sync with filmmakers to adopt best of technology and offer better movie viewing experience in cinema halls.The actor will release his bilingual \" Vishwaroopam \" in AURO-3D and said:\"We've managed to convince few theatres, but not each one of them. It's high time theatres work hand in hand with filmmakers to give the audience rapidly changing cinematic experience.\"\" Vishwaroopam \" will be the first film in India to be released in AURO-3D, a next generation audio format that delivers full three-dimensional sound spread capable of reproducing natural acoustic space.Kamal, who was addressing reporters at the Satyam Cinema, said to be the first theatre in Asia to have AURO-3D enabled screen, plans to release the film in as many as 25-30 theatres that can support AURO-3D in Tamil Nadu and Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17135776", "title": "Councillor hits corporation engineer, staff protest", "text": "CHENNAI: Thiruvottiyur zone officials of Chennai Corporation reported to work on Wednesday wearing black badges in protest against the assault on Tuesday of an engineer by a councillor. Suryababu, who represents ward 10, pulled L Kannan by the hair and shook him at the zonal office in a brazen display of rowdyism, they alleged. The staff also shouted slogans outside the building during lunch hour on Wednesday.They said Suryababu of the AIADMK approached Kannan, the executive engineer in-charge, for a vehicle to remove garbage dumped near the Vaduvudai Amman temple. \"I got a message from the mayor, so I asked the engineer to clear it immediately,\" said Suryababu. The engineer reportedly said the earthmover had developed a puncture. Suryababu demanded that the defect be rectified immediately, but the engineer said certain procedures had to be followed. \"I said filling up a puncture would cost just 250 and even offered to give 500, but the engineer refused,\" said Suryababu.An argument followed and the councillor pulled Kannan's hair and shook him while he was having lunch.Councillor denies he attacked official, alleges conspiracy against him\"The engineer has blood pressure. The councillor pulled the engineer by the hair and shook him hard and some food went up to his nose,\" said a staff member who walked into the room after hearing a noise. \"There was food all over the table and the engineer was coughing,\" he said. The councillor denied the attack. \"I got angry and used some harsh language, but I didn't touch him,\" said Suryababu. \"It is a conspiracy on the part of the official.\"Kannan was admitted to the Stanley Medical College and Hospital and lodged a complaint with the Thiruvottiyur police on the instructions of corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan, who said he would take up the issue with higher officials. \"I have asked officers to follow up on action taken by police,\" he said. \"We will not leave the matter regardless of who the councillor is.\"Mayor Saidai S Duraisamy refused to comment on the incident saying it was \"a political issue\". Senior engineers met the mayor on this issue.This is not the first time councillors have displayed such behaviour. In July, a junior engineer of ward 126 in Mandaveli was assaulted by Senthil, son of councillor Vijayalakshmi. Senthil reportedly held him by the neck and pushed him on a table for speaking to a contractor without going through him. A police complaint was lodged. The same month, Immanuel, husband of councillor Nalini of ward 143 in Valasaravakkam, assaulted sanitary worker Udayakumar, demanding that work be done according to his instructions. When Udayakumar refused, Immanuel and his associates beat him.Many corporation officials said they were disturbed by the lack of action against such councillors. The victims are transferred instead, they claimed. \"Udayakumar was transferred and is now scared to speak about it,\" said a senior official. \"We have no security or freedom to go about out daily duties,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17135605", "title": "Plot owner seeks inquiry into HUDA's allotment of land in Sector 42", "text": "GURGAON: A plot owner has alleged irregularities in allotment of plots in Sector 42 by Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) and sought a probe into the matter.The plot owner, Nirdosh Kumar, a Gurgaon resident has written to the HUDA estate office (II) seeking the reason for omission of three plots-49, 50 and 51. \"In 2002, I was allotted the plot number 51. I had made all the payments to HUDA as per the rules,\" said Kumar. Last year in October, the plot owner was informed about the omission of the plots and given another plot in the same sector. Kumar alleged that the omission of plots was done to favour certain plot owners.\"The row of plots from 47 to 58 in the sector did not have any green belt but HUDA decided to earmark its space last year,\" said Kumar. As per the changed plan, the green belt was carved out adjoining the last plot number 58. \"To accommodate greenbelt the HUDA retained the plot sequence that means the last number (58) but omitted three plots (49, 50 and 51),\" said Kumar.Senior HUDA officials said that the allegations would be probed on the reasons for omitting the three plots. \"Ideally, the HUDA should have omitted the plot adjoining to carve out the greenbelt. The HUDA quietly chucked three plots, including mine from the middle of the row and this benefited the plots adjoining the greenbelt,\" said Kumar. In the letter written to the EO (II), Kumar had sought speedy possession of the plot (51) that was allotted originally. Kumar's complaint has been taken up by the Gurgaon Progress Forum recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17136942", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcPregnant\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 inmate to be kept in Indore jail", "text": "INDORE: In the absence of woman guards in jails near Indore and Jhabua, the jail administration has been forced to keep the inmate who was found pregnant once and not later, here in Indore jail.Talking to ToI over phone, DG Surendra Singh Yadav said that the administration has decided to keep the inmate in Indore jail only. When told that the investigation was still on and Indore jail was yet to get the clean chit, he said that there is no woman guard in other jail. And treatment of the woman is also important, he added.District jail superintendent Santosh Solanki also confirmed that he has got verbal orders from senior officials in this regard.A 35-year-old undertrial inmate was found pregnant when she came to MY Hospital for treatment. She was found pregnant of five weeks and was lodged in jail for the last 10 months. Though she had spent her maximum time in Jhabua jail, she was also kept in Indore jail for a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17136641", "title": "MSCERT to inspect over 1thousand teacher training institutes", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Council of Education Research and Training(MSCERT) will inspect over a 1,000 pre-service teacher training colleges after a Supreme Court appointed committee under Justice J SVerma found only 34 of 291 such colleges were fit to conduct courses.The state government has directed the MSCERT to finish inspecting the institutes by December and submit a report by February 28, 2013. MSCERT director Sridhar Salunke said, \"We will use the same measures that were used by the Verma Committee.\"The National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE), the apex regulatory body for teacher education, had set norms for running teacher training institutes in the country. However, it was found that 291 colleges in the state do not follow these norms. The Bombay high court in 2009 ordered that the affiliation of these institutes be cancelled. The institutes then approached the Supreme Court, which appointed a committee under Justice Verma to inspect these institutes. The committee submitted its report to the state government in August.The report said that the committee foundonly 34 of the 291 institutes fit to continue. \"There is a need for enhanced investment in promotion of research in education in general, and in teacher education in particular, in universities. Creation of an inter-university centre in teacher education could play a significant role in this regard,\" it said.In this background, the state government has ordered an inspection of the remaining 1,114 institutes by December 31 to see if the NCTE regulations are being followed. \"A separate team will be appointed to inspect private institutes that train teachers. Every team will have three government officials. These officials will not inspect institutes from their own district,\" Salunke said.\"Institutes found to be flouting the rules will be given a show-cause notice. They will have to present a clarification to the MSCERT within 15 days of the notice being issued,\" Salunke said.The MSCERT will then submit a report, including the clarification given by institutes, to the state government by February 28, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17136723", "title": "Cops always side with rapists: Karnataka HC", "text": "BANGALORE: \"Until it happens to their families, they can't understand,\" the Karnataka High Court said on Wednesday about police attitude towards rape victims and their families. It asked police to file a status report on the recent rape cases in Bangalore.\"I never understand why the police always take the side of villains. Whether it is Haryana or Karnataka, it is the same. No sympathy over the plight of women,'' chief justice Vikramajit Sen observed. A division bench headed by Justice Sen warned police that if sufficient security isn't provided to Syed Karim, father of a 14-year-old rape victim, and her family, the court would have to \"come down heavily\".Karim's lawyer, M K Vijayakumar, said police have not registered cases despite the family naming the accused and his associates, who attacked the girl's father thrice.Justice Sen observed that 50% of the movies made in India are vulgar, referring to \"those gyrating persons (whom) we call heroines\". He mentioned the flippant and sexist remark made recently by a Union minister in a poem and wanted to know whether he had been removed.Earlier, the government advocate informed the court that in all the cases mentioned in Karim's PIL, the accused have been arrested.However, the counsel for the petitioner said that unabated transfer of officials was not helping the investigation.The petitioner has stated that within one week in October, there were eight rape cases in Karnataka, including that of a law student and of three bar girls from Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17135545", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcBureau pullers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 strike, loot gold worth lakhs", "text": "CHENNAI: After a five-year lull, 'bureau pullers' \u00e2\u20ac\u201d specialist burglars who loot a house without even entering it, made away with 200 sovereigns of gold jewellery and Rs 2 lakh in cash from the residence of an AIADMK functionary in Choolaimedu in the early hours of Wednesday.The incident has left police officers worried, because there has not been a case of the kind since burglar Nagamuthu, who specialised this mode of theft, was arrested in 2007.'Bureau pullers' lasso a cupboard with steel wire and drag it towards a window. They open the cupboard through the window and steal all the valuables inside.Investigators said the burglars struck at the house of 'Ranger' Naseer, an AIADMK functionary. \"Naseer and his family lived on the ground floor and rented out the first floor of the building to a security agency,\" an investigating officer said. \"The cupboard was in a bedroom. Naseer, his wife Fathima, and their daughers, Benazir Nisha and Thameem Seriba, were sleeping in the hall. The airconditioner was switched on and all four doors of the hall were shut.Naseer woke up during a power cut at 3.30am and peeped into the bedroom. \"He was surprised to find the window open and the cupboard near the window,\" the officer said. \"When the power returned, he checked the cupboard and found that a locker had been broken open and the gold and cash were missing.\" Police rushed to the spot and found an empty jewellery box discarded behind the house. Naseer had painted his house six days ago, and investigators suspect that the painters could have tipped off the burglars.\"We suspect that someone who knows the family was involved in the crime,\" joint commissioner of police (east) V A Ravi Kumar said. Investigators said Nagamuthu is also a suspect. The 30-year-old burglar, a specialist like no other in the city, ransacked cupboards in at least six dozen houses without entering them. He targeted houses in areas like Madipakkam, Pazhavanthangal and Adambakkam although he would occasionally pull of a heist in localities far from his stomping grounds.\"For some reason, he would burgle houses on Thursdays,\" the officer said. \"The victims would sometimes be asleep in same room but they reported they heard nothing unusual though dragging a cupboard across the room should have made a loud noise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17137220", "title": "Chandrakant Bhattu is new Vadodara Municipal Corporation opposition leader", "text": "VADODARA: Senior Congress councillor Chandrakant Shrivastava nee Bhattu was appointed as the leader of opposition by the party on Wednesday. A formal announcement was made regarding this at the city Congress unit office.The opposition leader's post had fallen vacant following the resignation of Congress councillor Chinnam Gandhi from the post. Gandhi had tendered his resignation recently amid rumours that he was getting a ticket for the ensuing assembly polls from Manjalpur constituency in the city.Sources said that with Shrivastava's appointment, the Congress was also trying to ensure that any chances of discontent in the run up to the polls were taken care of. Shrivastava had been disgruntled over the years as he was not made the opposition leader despite being amongst the senior councillors in the VMC.The party also appointed Nandkishor nee Nandu Pardeshi as the deputy leader of opposition. Pardeshi is also a veteran councillor and presently heads the legal and human rights department of the city unit of the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17136341", "title": "Faulty machine: CRI likely to miss deadline", "text": "SHIMLA: For the past around 16 months, India has been importing yellow fever vaccines as lone manufacturer of the vaccine in South-East Asia since 1960, Central Research Institute (CRI), Kasauli, has stopped production due to a fault in its machine. Busy in repairing the fault, authorities are likely to miss the February 2013 deadline to ensure functional production line fully compliant with Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) standards. While deadline is approaching fast, CRI is yet to comply with directions, thus putting a question mark over the production of yellow fever vaccine in future.On January 15, 2008, the then Union health minister A Ramadoss had suspended the licences of Central Research Institute (CRI), Kasauli, Bacillus Calmette-Guerin (BCG) Vaccine Laboratory, Guindy, and Pasteur Institute of India (PII), Coonoor, on the grounds that they did not comply with GMP norms of World Health Organization (WHO). Later, on February 26, 2010, Union government exercising its powers under sub rules (3) of rule 85 of the Drugs and Cosmetics Rules, 1945, ordered revocation of suspension of licenses of these institutes. These were asked to ensure that production line was made fully compliant with GMP standards within three years.As yellow fever vaccination has been made compulsory by many foreign countries under WHO guidelines, at all international airports it is being administered by health authorities in India as well. CRI, Kasauli, had annual production of around 60,000 vaccines which were being supplied to all 17 international airports of the country. Ever since the machine developed snag, not even a single vaccine has been produced at Kasauli forcing government to import it. Apart from India, yellow fever vaccines are being manufactured by countries like China, Europe and US.CRI director Dr Sunil Gupta said yellow fever vaccine is not being produced as the company assigned the repair work has failed to detect the fault. \"Even the component of machine is not available, so we cannot say when the production would start again,\" he added. When asked whether failure to comply with GMP norms in the production of vaccine would result into suspension of production, Gupta said it depends on the decision of the Union ministry of health. \"Right now we have time till February 2013, but after that it would be the discretion of the Centre whether or not to allow the production of the vaccine,\" he said.Gupta, however, claimed that as far as DPT vaccines are concerned, validation trial run of their production under GMP norms is going on and in couple of months CRI is going to be the first government sector unit to have GMP facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17135962", "title": "Rezzak\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Haj visit mired in controversy", "text": "KOLKATA: Sample the two \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Abdur Rezzak Mollah and K S Manoj \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one a CPM state committee member from West Bengal and the other a former CPM Lok Sabha member from Kerala who was shown the door for practising religion in public two years ago in 2010. Mollah is now at Mecca with the Haj pilgrims, while Manoj, a Catholic Christian is out of the party.If this is what the CPM's Bengal line and Kerala line are all about then the party needs to address the apparent dichotomy. Party's West Bengal secretary Biman Bose didn't offer a clarification on this issue in his reply to discussions in the CPM state committee meeting that ended on Wednesday. However, Bose could not avoid questions from state committee members about Mollah's going to Haj that has once again brought to the fore the debate on Marxism and religious faith.Take a peek at CPM's general secretary Prakash Karat's article on the issue in the CPM's central organ People's Democracy. \"Party members are not being asked to give up their religious faith or practice but leading party functionaries have been asked not to organise religious ceremonies or personally conduct religious rituals,\" Karat says.Mollah is no ordinary party member. He is the party's state committee member and former land reforms minister, and also the party's face in the West Bengal assembly. Even as Biman Bose skirted the unpleasant question, two among the 32 speakers in the state committee meeting raised the question urging the party to come clear on the issue. Not only that, Rezzak had openly professed his Muslim identity that he held was necessary when identity politics was gaining importance in the country.\"Rezzak could have told this to the media. But did he tell this to Bimanda while seeking leave?\" a CPM state secretariat member asked. According to his party colleagues, Rezzak Mollah didn't say all these to the party. He told his colleagues that he had a wish to visit Jerusalem and then to Mecca to find out why so many Muslim pilgrims flock to the spot. He categorically told the party leaders that he didn't want to be known as a haji after his return from Mecca.The logic reminds one of the late Subhas Chakrabarty's paying floral offerings to the goddess at Tarapith. Chakrabarty ate his words later at Bose's prodding. The CPM state secretary might be waiting for Rezzak's return and give him a chance to clarify his stand before he takes up the matter, a party leader said.However, Bose's detractors in the party held otherwise. They maintained that Mollah was trying to carve out the role once Subhas Chakrabarty had taken. The party secretariat can't afford to lose Mollah given his minority credentials at a time when Mamata Banerjee has made deep inroads in the CPM's minority votebank, said a CPM functionary.\"He has been rubbing party leaders badly right from the party general secretary to former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee. The party has censured him on many occasions, but he doesn't care. There is a view that Mollah is inviting expulsion from the party and become a martyr,\" CPM's South 24-Parganas district secretariat member said.The rebel CPM leader didn't mention about it though. Before leaving Kolkata for the Haj pilgrimage, Mollah had said that he has no intention to leave the party he grew with despite his angst over certain policy issues and practice. Going by what Mollah said, he doesn't want to be a K S Manoj, though his actions are similar to what the former CPM MP from Kerala did.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17136350", "title": "Fund-hit Kannur stadium may miss National Games", "text": "KANNUR: Though Kerala is hosting the 35th National Games next year, the state lags in terms of infrastructure development. The condition of the proposed indoor stadium in Kannur is one stark example.\"Though it was supposed to host a few games like basketball and wrestling, the stadium work is incomplete, even the ground has not been levelled. C T Ramananthan Infrastructure Ltd, the Chennai-based company that got the tender, stopped work in August citing fund shortage,\" said president of the Kannur district sports council O K Vineesh, adding that even if a new contract is inked, it is unlikely that the work would be completed in time.Vice-president of district sports council M K Nassar said that authorities should not have given the project to the company. \"When they short-listed the companies they should have checked its financial condition and this has caused huge loss to the exchequer. So there is an uncertainty whether we can host the games in Kannur,\" he said.The district sports council said that it was with great difficulty 16.2 acres of land were acquired in Mundayad from the department of animal husbandry since they ran a poultry farm at the site. The tender was given to the company for Rs 42.40 crore in 2012. Though land was acquired in 2010 and the foundation stone was laid in May 2010, the work did not progress.\"The games secretariat has not even impounded the security deposit given by the company. In this context, the sports council will approach MLAs of the district to raise the issue in the assembly,\" said Vineesh.However, national games secretariat officials said a new tender would be floated within two weeks and the work would start soon.\"We terminated the contracts given to C T Ramananthan Infrastructure. We will take a final decision on fresh tender when the executive committee meets on Thursday,\" said an official with the games secretariat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17138103", "title": "Annual day of Arya Kanya Girls Inter College held", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A series of functions was organised on the annual day of Arya Kanya Girls Inter College on Wednesday. The programme commenced with the lighting of the lamp by chief guest and Samajwadi Party national general secretary Ram Gopal Yadav and Allahabad MP, Reoti Raman Singh who were presented mementos by the principal Mridula Srivastava.Welcoming the guests the students rendered a soulful presentation \"hum Swagat Karte hain aapka phoolon se' which was followed by a musical drama \"Dashavtaar\" based on the ten incarnations of Lord Vishnu. The lively presentation captivated the audience leaving them mesmerised.A musical drama Mumtaaz ka Khwab based on qawwali theme drew wide applause from the gathering in the backdrop of the fact that it portrayed the immortal love story of Mughal ruler Shahjahan and his wife Mumtaz Mahal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17135092", "title": "KC Das college celebrates 29th foundation day", "text": "GUWAHATI: The KC Das Commerce College on Wednesday celebrated its 29th foundation day. Homeswar Kalita, the principal, said although the college had a humble beginning, over the years it had succeeded in creating a mark as an institute of repute.\"The college has instituted two national level awards, KC Das Commerce College National Teacher Award and the National Teacher Award, for recognize the contribution of distinguished persons in their respective fields. The awards carry a cash prize of Rs 1 lakh together with a citation and a memento each,\" he added.He said, \"We aspire to become a centre of excellence, nurturing intellectual striving, vibrant extra-curricular activity, outreach initiatives and civic engagements. We are planning to start coaching and examination centers of professional courses like ICS, CA and ICWA. The vision is to become one of the best commerce colleges in the country.\"The foundation day lecture was delivered by Gauhati University vice-chancellor Nirmal Kumar Choudhury on the topic \"education and employment in the changing growth scenario.\" The celebration began on Tuesday with the college organising an \"all Assam inter-college music competition\" on Assamese folk songs (lokageet). Renowned artists Dhanada Pathak, Raman Choudhury and Prabhat Sharma graced the occasion.Kalita feels very proud and happy to host such a competition. \"Lokageet songs are about the joys and sorrows of the common man. This is a good effort to bring back the lost voices,\" he said. He added that the college has been organising this competition since 2005. \"Our themes included Jyoti sangeet, Bhupendra sangeet and Rabha sangeet.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17139921", "title": "'Ordinary' team celebrates 150 days", "text": "Sugeeth's directorial debut, Ordinary, has crossed 150 days. The entire cast and crew celebrated it in a gala event with the Malayalis in the Middle-East.\"We had a grand celebration at Sharjah Cricket Stadium and it was fun,\" says Shritha Sivadas, who made her tinsel town debut through Ordinary . The actress is just back from Sharjah and shares that she enjoyed every bit of it. \"We had a stage show. There were dance, music, skits and other fun activities,\" she says.Earlier, the makers had celebrated its 100 days success in Kochi, which saw the who's who of M-Town pouring in to congratulate the winners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17136525", "title": "Faridkot minor's abduction: HC seeks FIR records against Nishan Singh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking up a petition filed by the parents of a minor girl who was abducted from her house in Faridkot and raped, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday asked the petitioners' counsel to produce the records pertaining to FIRs registered against the accused Nishan Singh.The girl's parents had moved the petition seeking a probe into matter by the CBI or a special investigation team.The court has fixed November 21 as the next date of hearing.In their petition, the parents of the minor girl have alleged that the Faridkot district police is hand-in-glove with Nishan and does not want to take any action against him and his gang. They have submitted that they are not expecting a fair and impartial investigation from the cops.It was also argued by them that a number of criminal cases have been registered against the companions of the main accused, Nishan Singh, who had helped him in the kidnapping but police are not investigating the case properly. The petitioners have argued that immediately after the registration of case, police tried to hush up the matter by showing that as a case of love affair between Nishan and the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17138047", "title": "Privilege panel censures govt staffers", "text": "RANCHI: The privilege committee of the Jharkhand assembly, led by speaker C P Singh, on Wednesday disposed of two cases after issuing strictures to government employees concerned.In one of the cases, Dandai block development officer in Garhwa district, who was accused by Bhavnathpur MLA Anant Pratap Deo of taking bribes and remaining absent from his headquarters, appeared before the panel and apologized following which the proceedings were dropped. The BDO pleaded guilty and assured the committee of being honest and sincere with his duty in future.Another case against Ram Narayan Choudhary, the officer in-charge of Barora police station of Dhanbad who was accused of neglecting local MLA Dhulu Mahato and not paying respect to him, was also dropped after issuing strict remarks. \"He has been instructed to acknowledge the role of people's representative in a democratic set-up and pay due respect even to the village heads,\" Singh said.The matter of beating up Barkagaon MLA Yogendra Sao by Hazaribagh police was also taken up by the committee. The complainant accused the deputy commissioner, SP and SDO of Hazaribagh of deliberately attacking him and his supporters during a public hearing organized by the district administration on behalf of Reliance Power.Taking cognizance in the matter, the speaker summoned the magistrates deployed at the public hearing venue on that particular date. The statements of Ravindra Prasad, Lalan Kumar, Vikas Tirkey, Girja Shankar Mahato, Ramanuj Singh, Raj Kishore Prasad, Pankaj Kumar Sao, Niraj Srivastava, Leena Priya and Sagari Baral were recorded and the case was adjourned for next hearing.In the privilege motion moved by Godda MLA Sanjay Prasad Yadav against then deputy development commissioner Godda Dilip Kumar Jha, the committee asked principal secretary of the rural development department to furnish details of solar lights purchased in the district within a week. The committee was reviewing the progress of privilege proceedings against Jha accused of misappropriation in procurement and distribution of solar lights in the district.The committee also recorded statements of then deputy SP Daltonganj in connection with a privilege motion moved by Congress MLA KN Tripathy against the principal of Sacred Heart School Daltonganj, DC and the SP Palamu. Tripathy accused the SP and the DC of being instrumental in motivating the school management to lodge an FIR against him on January 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17135800", "title": "Kolkata students join Americans to relish \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcnail-biting contest\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "KOLKATA: Sixteen-year-old Akash Bhattacharya stared intently at the giant TV screen, devouring every word of the bulletin even as he quickly counted the election tally. A smile played across his lips as the image of a nervously smiling President Obama flashed across. The youngster, a Class XI student of La Martiniere for Boys, raised his arm and engaged in a spontaneous high-five with his classmates who rubbed shoulders with him on the floor of the Lincoln Room at the American Center on Wednesday morning.\"He's winning and we are happy. But it's been pretty close and far more exciting than we had thought,\" said Akash.The Obama-Romney contest kept around 100 people, including students, executives and employees of the American consulate and American Center glued to a giant screen that beamed live pictures of the US election results. Titled 'Election Watch', the screening started at 5 am to a packed house and continued till well after noon, by when Barack Obama was declared the winner.The Center wrapped itself in blue and red festoons, the American flag, balloons, streamers and giant cut-outs of the candidates, transporting a piece of USA to Kolkata. And the audience, especially the youngsters, loved it. \"I have followed the US elections on TV and in print. But this is like being in the US. It's thrilling to watch American citizens react to the results. And, of course, it's an experience to witness a blow-by-blow account of the election that throws up the most powerful man on earth,\" said Akash. \"It's different from Indian elections and it's so colourful,\" gushed his classmate Pronit Deb.But it was not just the students who were taken by the election excitement. Consulate and American Center officials, too, soaked in the thrill in the company of their families and friends. \"This is turning out to be even closer than last time. It's been quite a nail-biting contest so far,\" quipped Jeffrey Reneau, American Center director. Consul for political and economic affairs Clinton S Brown moved around with a computer tablet, scanning the sites and the analysis. \"It's fascinating to watch the results unfold and to interact with Kolkatans here, trying to explain the election process to them. When you are abroad, you learn more about your own country,\" said Brown.Obama had taken a steady lead by then. So, was the result expected? \"Well, there have been no big surprises so far from the states. It will come down to Florida, Virginia and Ohio, which have always given a split verdict,\" said Brown, quickly thumbing through websites on his tablet.Obama had been declared the winner by then. A loud cheer went up. US consul general Dean Thompson took the microphone. \"It's been an exciting morning and it's lovely to share a little of our democratic tradition with India, east India in particular. But the results are still not official,\" he reminded the gathering.The verdict seemed clear, though. \"Obama: 281, Romney: 203, needed to win 270\" the TV screen displayed. \"It couldn't be clearer than this. Obama is the winner,\" exulted La Martiniere student Darpan Raychoudhury. \"Yes, we were backing him all the way. So, it's a sweet victory for us,\" said Raisina O' Brien, a La Martiniere for Girls student. Many shook hands and hugged each other. Others scampered to get photographed with Obama cut-outs.Brown said he was reminded of the election parties back home. \"People in the US love to get together and watch election results. I remember one such party in 2000 when the fight got really close between Bush and Al Gore. There were animated conversations among the followers of the two as the contest headed to a nail-biting finish. But it's usually done in the right spirit and the elections have a social aspect to it,\" he said.The re-election was just the beginning of a tough revival process, felt Brown. \"The President, like the Indian Prime Minister, can't function in isolation. Let the Senate and the House of Representatives be elected. Obama's victory is a big deal, but not the whole story. The debate on economic reforms will continue and the hard work will begin. Four years back, he had assumed office in the middle of a crisis, with the US at war with two countries and an economic depression looming large. So, it can't possibly be harder for him, but will be just as hard,\" said Brown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135569", "title": "Obama wins cheers from Indians in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Blue, white and red \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the colours of the United States of America \u00e2\u20ac\u201d sparkled as sunlight dappled the lawns of Hotel Imperial in the capital. An eclectic crowd of mediapersons, students, politicians and diplomats cheered President Barack Obama on his re-election over a lavish breakfast spread.Sponsored by the American Embassy, it was the biggest US election bash in the country and was broadcast live in Chennai, Kolkata and Hyderabad, where similar parties were in full swing.A group of 50 college girls broke into an impromptu jig as a giant CNN screen mounted on the lawns of the heritage hotel beamed the final projections that the Democrats led by Obama had romped home. They danced with US flags to the delight of camera crews of major Indian television channels, who jostled for footage.Women queued up be photographed with cutouts of Obama and Romney next to a \"Your Election\" games corner and a makeshift CNN newsroom. A memorabilia shelf stocked bead necklaces with American colours, hats and flags. The party began at 7.45am. The first trickle of visitors sipped tea trying to focus on the results on the screen, where the results flowed in quick succession showing Obama and Republican rival Mitt Romney running neck and neck.By about 10.30am, it was clear that Obama had won. \"The projections say President Obama has been re-elected. ... I have been watching this election unfold with millions of American people. Ours is the oldest democracy. And a subtle message of all this that I voted. We as a people have a responsibility to participate in democracy,\" American ambassador to India Nancy Powell said in an address to the guests.Conversations flowed seamlessly with students and teachers sharing their observations on the workings of the US electoral system, till of course the aroma of hash browns, scrambled eggs, freshly baked pastries and brewing coffee cut the discussions short.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "17136949", "title": "US organizes election watch in Manipal", "text": "MANIPAL: The US consulate general, Chennai hosted an election watch programme in Manipal on Wednesday to celebrate democracy in action by inviting Indian guests to watch the 2012 presidential elections unfold.As millions of Americans went to the polls, students and others enjoyed the exciting moments here.In a video conference from New Delhi, US ambassador to India Nancy Powell told the audience, \"Election day in America, like in India, is a very special day. Ours is the oldest democracy in the world, and, of course, India's is the largest. Friends and neighbors in America will make their way to polling places all across the country to cast their ballots. Tens of thousands of election volunteers will spend the day welcoming voters, checking them in and handing them the ballot, or directing them to machines. On the way out, many were offered a small sticker that says 'I voted,' a subtle message to others they see later in the day. It's not a message about who they voted for, but a message of participation - a reminder to others that we, the people have a responsibility to participate in our democracy.\"Highlighting the significance of elections in a vibrant democracy, US consul general, Chennai Jennifer McIntyre said: \"Most importantly, all Americans celebrate our individual role in the democratic process. Millions of Americans took time out of their busy schedules to exercise their right to select our President and national and local representatives. But our responsibilities as US citizens, whether we are in America or overseas, do not end on Election Day.\"She added, \"I'm really excited that on this Election Day, we're able to share our US democratic process with you, citizens of India - the world's largest democracy.\"The Election Watch programmes included live election coverage on big screens, analysis and results from international TV feeds, an electronic tally board with an the latest electoral college vote count, a mock polling booth where guests could vote for their favorite candidate among other activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17137684", "title": "Hindu-American elected to US Congress for the first time", "text": "WASHINGTON: Tulsi Gabbard on Wednesday created history by becoming the first Hindu-American to have entered the US House of Representatives, winning her Hawaii seat by trouncing her Republican rival in a one-sided contest.An Iraq war veteran, 31-year-old Gabbard defeated K Crowley of the Republican Party with a handsome margin. Her victory has been cheered by the Hindu-American community across the country.Though just 50 per cent of the votes had been counted when reports came in, Gabbard had taken a massive unassailable lead of 120,000 votes over her Republican rival in her bid to represent Hawaii's 2nd Congressional District in the US House.She is also the first female combat veterans to serve in the Congress.\"Although there are not very many Hindus in Hawaii, I never felt discriminated against. I never really gave it a second thought growing up that any other reality existed, or that it was not the same everywhere,\" Tulsi said in a statement, soon after she took an inaccessible lead over her Republican challenger.\"On my last trip to the mainland I met a man who told me that his teenage daughter felt embarrassed about her faith, but after meeting me, she's no longer feeling that way. He was so happy that my being elected to Congress would give hope to hundreds and thousands of young Hindus in America, that they can be open about their faith, and even run for office, without fear of being discriminated against or attacked because of their religion,\" Gabbard said.She was endorsed by US President Barack Obama, during the election campaign.Proud of her Hindu religion, she is not Indian or of Indian heritage. Her father Mike Gabbard, is currently Hawaii State Senator and mother Carol Porter Gabbard is an educator and business owner.At 21, she became the youngest person elected to the Hawaii Legislature. At 23, she was the state's first elected official to voluntarily resign to go to war. At 28, she was the first woman to be presented with an award by the Kuwait Army National Guard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17135573", "title": "DNA samples collected to nail robber-rapist", "text": "Anwar Mohmmed Ansari, the 28-year-old arrested on charges of raping a Spanish woman and robbing her Bandra flat, was on Wednesday sent to judicial custody till Friday to facilitate an identification parade as early as possible.Continuing their investigation, the police on Wednesday collected DNA samples of Ansari to match with DNA from material recovered from the 27-year-old victim's house. With Ansari not cooperating so far despite circumstantial evidence going against him, the DNA match could turn out to be crucial evidence to nail him for rape.A source said the police had collected two bedsheets, a towel, smoked cigarettes and other stuff and sent them to the Kalina Forensic Science Laboratory.The police have slapped charges of rape and unnatural sex, besides those of robbery, house trespass and criminal intimidation, on Ansari. Magistrate Shailesh Sharad Deshpande ordered judicial custody after assistant public prosecutor B B Yele said an identification parade of the accused was needed soon because the victim, a musician who is in India on an exchange programme, wanted to return home in Germany in a week. Her parents are settled in that country.The cops said police custody of Ansari will be sought later to recover the stolen items and take the investigation forward. The stolen camera, watch and currency in euros and rupees and the night gown of the victim have not yet been recovered.The police told the court the accused was being evasive. \"Several cases have been registered against him in various police stations,\" added the remand application.Ansari was brought to the Bandra magistrate's court in a woman's burqa on Wednesday evening because his identification parade is yet to be conducted. Magistrate Deshpande explained the charges leveled against Ansari and asked him if he had engaged a lawyer or had any family members in court. After looking around, Ansari said: \"Koi nahi aaye hain ghar se. Maine kuch nahi kiya (Nobody's here from home. I haven't done anything).\"Ansari apparently entered the victim's flat through a window and raped her twice during the 45 minutes he was there. He then used her gown to wipe himself and forced her to clean herself and left with it. The gown can prove to be key evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17137239", "title": "Big success in anti-Maoist fight", "text": "ROURKELA: As many as eight out of 17 districts in the state are free from Maoists because of consistent anti-extremist operations, DGP Prakash Mishra told media persons in the town on Wednesday. He said four more districts will be free of Red rebels soon.\"Nayagarh, Dhenkanal, Jajpur, Sundergarh, Keonjhar, Deogarh, Sambalpur and Angul districts have been declared Maoist-free since no major incident has been reported from these areas since the last couple of years,\" said Mishra. \"Maoist activities have come down considerably in Gajapati and Ganjam districts whereas operations against the rebels are in a crucial stage in Balangir, Nuapada, Nabarangpur and Bargarh. We may root them out any moment,\" the DGP said. \"Once done with it, the state police will concentrate on Koraput and Malkangiri, the two districts worst affected by extremism,\" he added.He also said police is keeping a close watch on the division in the Maoist camp. \"Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda along with his group has separated from the main unit and formed the Odisha Maobadi Party,\" Mishra said. He also said though police have asked Sabyasachi Panda to surrender with his team, it is yet to receive any response.The state police chief also told the gathering about Odisha Police's plan to set up two state-of-the art centres at Bhubaneswar and Puri to deal with urban terrorism. All district headquarters will have a cyber crime cells, he added.Mishra informed that police are soon going to launch community policing in the state. \"Initially, community policing will be introduced in Bhubaneswar and Cuttack to improve the police-public relationship,\" Mishra said. \"During my interaction with various people here, I have realized that Rourkela is an ideal place to introduce community policing and we will do so in a couple of police stations,\" Mishra added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17137055", "title": "Pay for elite status: Administration to Chandigarh clubs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the UT administration considering an increase in lease amount for the Golf Club, Chandigarh Club and Central Club, managements and members of the three elite clubs are on tenterhooks. Besides hike in lease amount, the administration also plans to recover arrears of the clubs.This could force the clubs to supplement their income to pay increased lease money. Chandigarh Club is contemplating a hike in subscription charges and fee for club facilities.Mukesh Bassi, former president and ex-officio member of the Chandigarh Club said in 2005, the lease amount had been revised from Rs 8,000 to Rs 1.05 lakh per month. Therefore,he said the Chandigarh club should be exempted from increase in lease amount. Bassi pointed out that the Chandigarh Club had paid arrears to the tune of Rs 1 crore in 2005. The club has around 7,000 members who fear this will make sports and cultural activities here more expensive. The lease amount of Chandigarh Club could go up to Rs 5 lakh per month.The Central Club is taking measures to improve cash inflow. Club general secretary Vinod Khanna said the management had chalked out a strategy to augment cash reserves. \"We plan to start a membership drive, which will not only bring subscription fee but also add to takers for the services at the club,\" he said.The UT administration is said to have finalized the revised lease amount of the Chandigarh Golf Club after studying the lease deed of the Delhi Golf Club. However, the administration is yet to make it public. Golf club president G S Sandhu could not be contacted for comments.Trouble began for the clubs when the Estate Office sealed the Central Club at Sector 9 in September for non-payment of arrears. The move triggered allegations of preferential treatment being accorded to the other two clubs. The administration had been vacillating on renewal of the Golf Club lease for four years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17137705", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcReds getting foreign weapons once used by northeast rebels\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "RANCHI: Cheap and easily available foreign weapons have become the best buy for Maoists and other rebel groups operating in Jharkhand. Police investigations in the recent seizure of foreign-made weapons \u00e2\u20ac\u201d including the American M16 rifles and Pakistani cartridges \u00e2\u20ac\u201d have revealed that the arms and ammunition are coming to the state through dealers in Bihar. All the weapons and ammunition recovered from Maoists in Palamu, Hazaribagh and Simdega reached here via Bihar, the police said.Jharkhand police spokesman IG S N Pradhan said these weapons were once used by militants active in northeastern states, and with the violence now receding, the insurgents do not want to keep these weapons with them anymore. The militants are only keeping the most advanced weapons as they have no use of these arms anymore. Pradhan said that according to information with the police, the rebels are buying these M16 rifles for around Rs 1.5 to 2 lakh per piece. Against this, an AK47 costs around Rs 4 to 5 lakh.\"The best places for them to dispose these weapons are Maoist-hit states like Jharkhand, Bihar and Chattisgarh, where the rebels are under tremendous pressure to get more weapons as security forces are regularly seizing their arms. When they got an option to buy these foreign arms and ammunition, they grabbed the opportunity,\" said Pradhan.Another reason which has prompted the rebels to buy foreign weapons is the increasing alertness of securitymen involved in anti-Maoist operations. The rebels, who earlier replenished their armoury by snatching and looting from policemen, are not getting any such opportunities anymore. \"In 2012, all India snatching or loot of weapons was just 54. This is an all-time low since 2001. If they have to sustain their struggle, they have to purchase weapons made available to them,\" said a police officer.Talking about the quality of these weapons, he said they are as good as the Indian Insas rifle. \"It is inferior to AK47, but equal to Insas. When they are easily getting such high-quality weapons at a cheaper rate, they tend to compromise,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17137171", "title": "MS University to approach Vadodara civic body to get possession of Shreepad Nagar land", "text": "VADODARA: MS University (MSU) has decided to make a special request to the Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) to get possession of the 4,645 square metre land located in the heart of the posh VIP Road in Karelibaug.MSU and VMC are at loggerheads over the piece of land at Shreepad Nagar Society on VIP Road after VMC refused to acknowledge that the land was transferred to the university way back in 1993.\"Although this land was allocated to us in 1993, the process of transfer of land did not take place later. Hence, we are writing to the corporation to carry out the necessary process as a special case,\" MSU's officer on special duty (registrar) Dr Amit Dholakia told TOI on Wednesday, adding that he was hopeful that despite the delay, the civic body will consider the university's proposal.According to MSU officials it was in 1993 that the corporation had exchanged land with it against 21,338 square metre land that the university had surrendered to the civic body for widening of roads.The university had received two pieces of land from the corporation - one at VUDA circle where VMC has developed Ratri Bazaar and another at Shreepad Nagar Society.Later in 2010, MSU handed over possession of the land near VUDA circle, measuring 15,851 square metres, to the corporation for developing the Ratri Bazaar against which the civic body gave to MSU another piece of land measuring 13,765 square metres at near Ayyappa temple ground in Sama.Last week when officials from MSU's construction division approached VMC officials to submit Rs 80 as rent for the land at VIP Road, they were told by the corporation officials that the land at Shreepad Nagar Society is no longer with the university. MSU itself had goofed up in the case as it had not paid Rs four per year rent to the corporation for the VIP Road land which the corporation had given to the university on 99 years lease agreement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17135625", "title": "Baby\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s body found in dustbin", "text": "CHENNAI: The body of a newborn girl was recovered from a dustbin in New Washermenpet on Wednesday.Police said the infant's body bore no injury marks.A passerby noticed the baby lying in the dustbin. Police said the body must have been dumped sometime in the night. Police said it appeared that the baby's body was dumped after she died. Police have questioned staff of hospitals and local residents. They are also trying to trace the baby's mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17136701", "title": "Youth bludgeoned to death", "text": "PUNE: Mangesh Balu Wagh (20) of Nigdi was bludgeoned to death by a gang of seven at PCMC colony in Nigdi on late Tuesday night. The gang suspected his involvement in the abduction of a minor girl.The gang also severely assaulted his brother, Mayur (18), who is undergoing treatment in a private hospital at Nigdi. His condition is stable, police said.The Nigdi police on Wednesday arrested four suspects including, Tukaram Pawase (54), a resident of PCMC colony, his sons Dilip (28) and Sagar (23), and Sandip Chandrakant Hiwale (27) under the charges of murder. Three others are still at large.Inspector P N Supekar, who is investigating the case, said that the incident took place around 10 pm, when the Wagh brothers and their sister were walking home. \"The suspects attacked the duo with sharp weapons,\" Supekar said.One of the suspects hit Mangesh with a brick on his head, while others assaulted him and his brother with sharp weapons before fleeing the spot.Investigations have revealed that a minor girl from the area had eloped with a youth last month. Her relatives suspected that Mangesh knew the couple's whereabouts. They also suspected Mangesh of helping the youth abduct the girl.\"On Tuesday, the girl's uncle had questioned Mangesh about it,\" Supekar said, adding, \"However, he had denied his involvement.\"The police have fanned teams to trace the remaining suspects, Supekar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17136782", "title": "Cases against 361 landlords for withholding tenants\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 information", "text": "PUNE: The city police have filed cases against 361 landlords for not providing information about their tenants to the police. The action was taken between August and October, following the serial bomb blasts on Jangli Maharaj Road on August 1.Additional commissioner of police (crime) Shahaji Solunke told reporters that police commissioner Gulabrao Pol has issued orders to all police stations to collect information about landlords, estate agents and persons dealing with second-hand cars. \"Since August, 18,784 landlords have approached the police and given information about their tenants. Apart from them, 958 estate agents also gave information about the dealings they made,\" Solunke said.\"We are appealing to people to inform the police about their tenants,\" Solunke said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17135812", "title": "Snatchers flee with Rs 7.5 lakh", "text": "GURGAON: Three bike-borne snatchers fled after stealing Rs 7.5 lakh from a car in the daytime on Monday. The incident took place near the Apna Bazaar complex near Sadar Bazar around 11.30am on Monday.The victim, Deepak Kumar Taneja, an employee of HCL and a resident of Ram Nagar colony, told police that the incident had happened when he and his wife had gone to pay Rs 7.5 lakh, which he had witdrawn from a bank, for a flat in Ansal's housing complex. After Taneja and his wife had reached near Apna Bazaar in their Maruti car, Taneja got off the car for some work while his wife remained seated in the car with the bag full of money.Around this time, the three bike-borne youths approached the Taneja's wife and one of them told her that some of her banknotes was lying on the road. When she came out of the car to check, she found 10-rupee notes lying on the road. They swiftly stole the money bag from the car and fled the spot. When Taneja returned, he and his wife found that their money bag was missing. They immediately called police, who have lodged an FIR against three unknown miscreants under Section 420 of IPC on the basis of the statement of Taneja.\"We are investigating the case and the accused will be arrested soon,\" said inspector Rajendra Kumar, SHO, City police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17135532", "title": "Lyucknow wakes up to hazy morning due to smog", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Supreme Court has expressed concern over the thick smog in Delhi due to high air pollution. The situation in Lucknow is not so severe but it is witnessing smog for last few days, obstructing sunrays and leading to drop in temperatures. On Wednesday, visibility during early hours was reduced to around 500 metres. Weather office has predicted some relief from smog in next 2-3 days but concern remains as air pollution is rising due to increase in vehicles. It will increase further with Diwali round the corner.Smog is a combination of fog and smoke or air pollutants. After winter sets in, thick dense fog hovers over North India in December and January. November normally witnesses mist or a thin layer of fog early in the morning. But this year, there has been heavy moisture incursion due to Nilam cyclone which hit the southern states six days ago. The speed of wind is also very low, hence water particles carrying pollutants are hanging in the atmosphere, resulting in hazy conditions.State Met director JP Gupta said though density of the smog decreased as the day progressed, it resulted in drop in temperatures. The maximum temperature was 28 degrees Celsius, two degrees below normal, while minimum was 11.7 degrees Celsius, also two degrees below normal. Currently, northwesterly coming from snowfed winds are blowing. However, the velocity is very low, which is expected to increase in next 2-3 days. It will help in dissipating of smog but at the same time will also bring `chill'.A recent study of Indian Institute of Toxicology Research (IITR), Lucknow, shows that air pollution has increased in the city due to growing number of vehicles and diesel generators. The amount of respirable suspended particulate matter (RSPM) in Gomtinagar was recorded at 194.8 microgram per cubic metre, almost double of permissible 100 microgram per cubic metre, followed by Indiranagar -- 161.4 microgram per cubic metre, Vikasnagar -- 157.2 microgram per cubic metre and Aliganj -- 154.8 microgram per cubic metre.In commercial areas, RSPM level was the highest in Alambagh with 260.5 microgram per cubic metre followed by Chowk -- 244.7 micro gram per cubic metre, Charbagh -- 241.2 microgram per cubic metre and Aminabad 177.3 microgram per cubic metre. Rising pollution level is also responsible for increase in density and duration of fog/smog in winters in last few years. Smog causes breathing problems and is dangerous for those suffering from lung problems. The air pollution will go up next week due to bursting of crackers during Diwali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17136549", "title": "Haryana makes child care leave sanction easy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a major relief to the women employees in Haryana, the state government on Wednesday announced to simplify the procedure to grant child care leave (CCL).The state government grants leave up to two years to women employees to take care of their children. This facility is available for up to two children and the leave for each child can be availed till he or she attains the age of 18 years.In the latest decision, the state government has authorized the head of departments to sanction CCL of women employees to do away the previous condition of seeking approval from the state finance department in case of leave of more than 120 days. Official sources said that the file of CCL takes around a month for clearance from the finance department.\"With the new decision, the employees would get early clearance from their head of department for child care leave. This would also save the time of administrative secretaries, who were supposed to forward the leave file to the finance department,\" said Sanjeev Kaushal, principal secretary (finance), Haryana.According to estimates, more than one lakh women employees would benefit from the new decision. In case of group C (class III) and D (class IV) employees, the appointing authority, who is normally the department head, will be competent to sanction the CCL for up to 730 days. In case of officers of group A (class I) and B (class II), the head of department would sanction leave of up to 120 days.In case of leave for more than 120 days for officers of group A and B, the administrative secretaries would be competent to sanction leave. Administrative secretaries, head of departments and appointing authorities may also be able delegate these powers to junior officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17137435", "title": "Beijing relieved that China-basher Mitt Romney lost", "text": "BEIJING: The re-election of Barack Obama as US president came as a relief to Chinese leaders, who were worried about the China bashing by his Republican opponent Mitt Romney . Chinese leaders hoped that US policy towards Beijing would not be affected by the rhetoric by US politicians who blame China for unemployment.The Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges remained steady, refusing to react to the election results in a country that has invested in a large number of listed Chinese companies. Observers said the market was not expecting major changes in America's economic policies towards China.Both Chinese president Hu Jintao and premier Wen Jiabao sent congratulatory messages to the US president. Hu reminded Obama that they had reached consensus on building a China-US cooperative partnership based on mutual respect and benefit, and further build relations between the two \"big powers\".China is willing to work with the US to push forward the goal of better China-US relations for the greater benefits of the two peoples, Hu said. He expressed satisfaction over the results achieved through bilateral mechanisms like the strategic and economic dialogue and the high-level consultation on people-to-people exchange.The official media ran commentaries saying the time has come for US politicians to stop China bashing because both countries stand to lose by disturbing the economic relationship. Chinese experts feel the anti-China sentiment displayed during the American election might persuade Obama's new administration to tinker with its approach to Chinese exports and result in enhanced trade barriers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17136915", "title": "It's diwali for touts at Kovai railway station", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Diwali rush has begun and touts are making a killing.Just the other day, a senior executive in Coimbatore approached a travel agency located near Coimbatore Junction railway station seeking three tickets to travel to Delhi. The agency readily agreed but demanded more than double the actual amount for the tickets and that too in advance. Desperate for tickets the man agreed and the tickets with confirmed berths reach him on his email a day before the date of his scheduled departure. What stunned him was that it was a tatkal ticket booked from a personal ID with boarding point marked as Palakkad. Of course, he boarded and train and travelled without any hiccups.The Railways guidelines clearly state that tatkal tickets can't be sold by agents, but the provision is rampantly misused by touts, who sell them at a premium to desperate passengers.\"The railways has imposed severe restrictions on tatkal bookings and permits only one booking per registered user ID per day. Moreover, tatkal booking can be made only a day ahead of the journey. However, travel agencies and touts are creating hundreds of fake user IDs for the IRCTC site and misusing the tatkal facility, making huge profits in the process. Even in a single computer, they make different logins using different user IDs to book the tickets,\" says Jameel Ahmed, member, Divisional Railway Users Consultative Committee.The fallout is not just that touts are flourishing. The IRCTC site gets jammed as it opens for booking because of the rush from touts. \"It's very difficult for a normal traveler to login on the IRCTC site and book a ticket online. Due to frequent powercuts in the morning, genuine travelers are not able to book tickets on the IRCTC site. Travel agencies with fake IDs and power backup are making a mockery of the tatkal concept,\" says M Rajesh Kumar, a public relations professional in the city.Some online tatkal tickets generated by travel agencies and accessed by TOI have fake passenger addresses as well as fake mobile numbers.One such ticket mentions the passenger address as 70, Race Course in Coimbatore while another ticket has 176, DB Road in Coimbatore. The phone numbers given are 9894571117 and 9843804901. The addresses as well as mobile numbers don't exist. \"It seems, touts always find ways to beat the restriction,\" says V Dwarakan, a resident of Kuniamuthur and a frequent traveler on the Chennai-Coimbatore route.As in the past, touts and their agents are an identifiable presence at the regular ticket counters as well. They queue up as soon as the counters open and block tickets, which they sell to the needy at outrageous premiums. Railway officials pretend to be unaware of the problem. In fact, Railway Protection Force inspector S Somnath claims touts are no more active due to stringent measures. Passengers, of course, have a different story to narrate.\"If RPF officials go through CCTV footages they can spot the touts who hijack the whole reservation process,\" says K Kathirmathiyon of Coimbatore Consumer cause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17136361", "title": "Escaped Apna Ghar inmate recovered from Hisar", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana police on Wednesday claimed to have recovered Rani (name changed), who had run away from Mother Teresa Charity Home, Panipat and have sent her back to the charity home after getting her medical examination conducted. Police have also posted a guard at the charity home.Rani was an Apna Ghar inmate, who was among the 20 shifted from the disgraced shelter home to the shelter home in Panipat, after the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) exposed a sex scandal during surprise raids on May 9 this year.A release issued by the police department said that the girl had escaped from the charity home by scaling its boundary wall on November 5 and boarded a bus to Hisar, where she used to stay earlier.As she was found loitering, a domestic worker Meena, on being suspicious about her movements, asked her the reason for being there. The girl replied that she had come from Panipat in search of her parents. Meena narrated the incident to her employer family, who contacted the Help and Care Organisation and informed police and they searched for her parents. The girl was recognized by residents of Surpnagar where she used to live, but her parents were not there.Police sources said that cops somehow contacted her mother and have brought her back to Panipat. If her parents wished so, they can take their daughter back, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17137025", "title": "Kidnapped hotelier rescued, 3 held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The manager of a Bangalore-based hotel, who was kidnapped for Rs 20 lakh ransom from near Chandigarh airport on November 4, was finally rescued late on Tuesday night. Three persons were arrested in this connection from Ambala.Police said the accused had kept 50-year-old Dhiresh Saha, who is the manager of Hotel Nandi in Bangalore, at Hotel Abhinandan near Ambala cantonment.Those arrested were identified as Ajay Kumar, Amit Kumar and Devki Nanad. While Nanad is the manager of the hotel used in the crime, three other accused identified as mastermind Kajol a?? a former dancing girl at Hotel Nandi, her husband Vijay and Amit are absconding.A .32 bore country-made revolver and four live cartridges were recovered from those arrested.Chandigarh police got to know about the kidnapping when the owner of Hotel Nandi, Thimma Peddy Gouda, lodged a formal complaint on Tuesday.DSP Satbir Singh said initial interrogation of the accused revealed that Kajol and Vijay had hatched the conspiracy. The two, who used to work at the Bangalore hotel five years ago, reportedly had a dispute over Rs 3 lakh with the owner and manager. As planned, Kajol called up Dhiresh on November 4, telling him she would help him select dance girls from Chandigarh.Around 8pmm, Ajay and Amit picked up the Bangalore hotel manager from near Chandigarh Airport and told him he had been kidnapped.Meanwhile, one of the accused forced Dhiresh to make a phone call to his employer Gouda, informing him he had been abducted and would bereleased in exchange of Rs 20 lakh ransom. Before calling Gouda, Dhiresh was also allowed to phone his colleague Mohan, who is also a manager with the same hotel.Police sources said the accused were traced through cellphone tower locations and Kajol, Vijay and Amit managed to give cops the slip.Dhiresha's medical examination confirmed injuries. The accused were sent to three-day police custody on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17136495", "title": "What was state of temple on Oct 30?", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court judgment ordering status quo to be maintained at the Bhagyalakshmi temple in Charminar as on October 30 has raised a crucial question: who will determine the nature of the structure prevailing on the said date?With various government departments and contesting parties trying to play it safe by not revealing their stand on the situation of the temple structure on that crucial day, answering the question has become a dicey affair.The HC directed the state government 'to look into the matter and take action in terms of the order', but nobody from collector's office nor other government agencies have visited the site so far. According to sources, the departments are awaiting further orders from the state government directing them as to how to proceed with the matter.A senior MIM party leader said that it was the government's job to 'bell the cat'. \"It is for the government to decide the condition of the structure at the temple on October 30. It is not right for us to say what was there and what wasn't,\" he said.Meanwhile, Bhagyalakshmi temple officials remained unavailable for comment.Hyderabad district collector Syed Ali Murtuza Rizvi on Wednesday told TOI that he was studying the HC order and would take a decision after consulting the state government. \"I do not intend to visit the site for now,\" he said. Police department too has thrown the ball in the government's court and has decided to wait for a formal missive from the government.Meanwhile, a sense of unease prevailed among citizens which was palpable at Charminar on Wednesday morning as a tarpaulin sheet was brought to the Bhagyalakshmi temple at around 11.30 am by a temple functionary. Rumour mongers had a field day as residents and business owners spoke in hushed tones, enquiring about the authenticity of a purported rally of right wingers from Sultan Bazaar to Charminar. However, tension was defused as the police took away the sheet. A police official requesting anonymity said, \"The tarpaulin sheet has been seized. We do not want any civil work activity at the temple. We have been keeping a watch on what is happening in the area.\"Police officials are mulling over pushing forward the implementation of Section 144 in five police station limits to early Friday depending on the circumstances which would prevail on Thursday night.Assembly of more than five people was prohibited in Charminar, Hussaini Alam, Mirchowk, Shah Ali Banda and Mughalpura police station limits from 6 am in the morning on Tuesday till 6 am on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17135941", "title": "On road to Loba, tell-tale clues challenge govt claim", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee's assertion on Wednesday that her government didn't have an inkling of the police operation at Birbhum Loba village does not speak highly of the state's intelligence network.The fact is that the government had shut its eyes to the tension brewing in the area, in spite of the digging up of a road, Lalgarh style, just a few days ago.While the top brass washed its hands of the incident, officers on duty in the nine police stations in and around Dubrajpur admit to being aware of the developments. They also acknowledge that they were informed of the impending police operation and that the news that had leaked to the Loba agitators as well.How else could Dubrajpur police mobilise such a huge force from neighbouring police stations at the crack of dawn? Sources in the state police said that even the RAF and armed police had been mobilised for Tuesday's operation. \"The size of the force suggests it was a planned move and the force didn't rush to the spot all of a sudden,\" said a police officer.Going by what the CM said, this huge moblisation went unnoticed by the district intelligence branch. \"Even if the SP kept the operation close to his chest, how come the intelligence branch missed the huge police movement?\" an officer asked. SP Hrishikesh Meena, who has been asked to go on leave, refused to speak.An intelligence report sent to the government three months ago had warned that the situation at Loba might get out of control if police try to use force, say sources.PDS secretary Samir Putatunda says he had informed industries minister Partha Chatterjee about the anger among Loba villagers. \"I also alerted him that the situation may turn for the worse if the government doesn't sort out the land price dispute,\" said Putatunda, who has been with the movement since 2010.It's also curious that the villagers were prepared to take on the police. Men armed with bows and arrows and even bombs rushed to the spot within minutes.\"The mining company has been putting pressure on us to recover the vehicle. But we were aware that it may create an unrest. When the miners failed to convince us, they approached the administration,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananathapuram", "code": "17137325", "title": "Air India vacates Airlines House", "text": "THIRUVANANATHAPURAM: Air India has moved its staff from the iconic Airlines House, the erstwhile Indian Airlines ticketing office located at Mascot Hotel junction, into the Air India office at Vellayambalam.While the move is considered to be part of an austerity measure being adopted by the airline, it is also a big step toward acknowledging the merger between Air India and Indian Airlines, which according to official sources, is yet to penetrate into the psyche of the airline staff.In February TOI had reported that the airline owed Kerala government a sum of Rs 17.14 lakh towards lease rent arrears from July 2006. But the dues have been cleared, said Air India station manager SBS Jacob. \"Dues have been settled until 2013, however, it is not decided what will be done with the building as it situated on a leased land.The land belongs to the government and the building belongs to us, so we cannot rent it out. We are awaiting orders from the Mumbai headquarters ,\" said Jacob. The Airlines House is situated on 20 cents leased by the government in December, 1982. Meanwhile, speculations are rife that the Airline House could be handed over to the government and could soon become the office of Air Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135179", "title": "Good samaritans to lay crematorium road in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's a path intended for last journeys, but the dead who are carried down it must bear the indignity of dust, filth and jolts. Now, after waiting for years for the civic authorities to lay a proper road between Ring Road and the electric crematorium at Sarai Kale Khan, social workers and local residents have decided to build it themselves.Shaming the authorities, around 40 girls from the NGO, The Earth Saviours Foundation, underprivileged children from Agamya School and other common people will start construction of the road on Thursday. Some residents of south Delhi's Green Avenue have also offered to pay for bulldozers and construction material.Although the crematorium is maintained by the municipal corporation, the approach road is an 'orphan' \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the Public Works Department (PWD) as well as South Delhi Municipal Corporation (SMCD) disown all responsibility. While it is wide enough for three traffic lanes, the road is just a strip of dirt, mud and stones. It seems to have never received a coat of bitumen or regular tar. During monsoon, it turns into a strip of slush.\"It is disheartening, dishonest and cruel of the concerned authorities to not construct and maintain this road. We have been pursuing civic agencies, the local MLA and even more senior politicians for over two years now. All we get is silence or false promises. Nothing has been done till date. May be they have more pressing things to attend to,\" said Ravi Kalra, founder and president of the NGO.When TOI contacted the corporation, officials said the road belongs to PWD. However, the maintenance department of PWD denied the road was under their care. \"We don't know who is responsible for the road, but it's definitely not with us,\" said a senior PWD official of the area.Tired of such an attitude, the NGO workers and some independent Delhiites will assemble near the crematorium on Thursday morning to clear the road themselves. \"We have been asking everybody we know to come join us on Thursday. We will remove the stones and boulders on the road, clear bushes and remove the mud accumulated at the entrance to the crematorium. The potholes on the road will be leveled using bricks and other construction material,\" said Kalra.If you care to join the volunteers, do carry water, refreshments, hand towels and a hand sanitizer to the site. Given the dusty conditions, it would be best to wear shoes and loose clothing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "turin", "code": "17137629", "title": "Juventus cruise to first win of Champions League campaign", "text": "TURIN: Juventus maintained their bid for a place in the knockout phase of the Champions League by securing their first Group E win with a 4-0 defeat of Nordsjaelland on Wednesday.Antonio Conte's Italian champions are still licking the wounds of last Sunday's defeat by Serie A rivals Inter Milan which stopped the Turin giants' unbeaten run at 49 games.But two weeks after their third draw, Juve turned on the class to grab their first win in the group stages as Kasper Hjulmand's visitors failed to reproduce their heroics that earned them a 1-1 draw in Farum.Nordsjaelland failed to get a shot on goal even after Claudio Marchisio , Arturo Vidal and Sebastian Giovinco had given the hosts a 3-0 first-half lead and were given little hope after Fabio Quagliarella made it 4-0 midway through the second half.Angelo Alessio, Juve's stand-in coach while Conte serves a touchline ban, left Montenegrin striker Mirko Vucinic on the bench, preferring Alessandro Matri over Quagliarella to partner Giovinco up front.However the stars of the opening period were midfielders Andrea Pirlo and Marchisio.Veteran Pirlo's dead ball skills and positioning were deadly while Marchisio's vision and movement in the area kept the Danes on their toes all night.Marchisio settled Juve's nerves early when he beat defender Jores Okore to Vidal's whipped cross from the right to beat Jesper Hansen from close range in the seventh minute.Hansen stopped Marchisio from doubling the lead on 17 minutes when he blocked a close-range shot following another inviting ball from Vidal.Yet Matri, with a header, and Giovinco's first-time effort gave Nordsjaelland a hint of what was to come.Marchisio began the move which led to Juve's second goal, but it was Vidal's persistence at the second time of asking that allowed him to beat Hansen from a tight angle in the 23rd minute.Matri got another free header from Pirlo's corner from the right and then Marchisio forced a block from Hansen after unleashing a shot from 10 yards after pouncing on a loose ball.On 37 minutes the Danish defence was sorely exposed when a sublime pass from Pirlo found Giovinco unmarked on the right and the 'Atomic Ant' had time to pick his spot before sending an angled shot past Hansen at the far post.At 3-0 behind Nordsjaelland had yet to have a real shot on goal and things did not improve after the interval.Vidal saw an early strike collected by Hansen but it was to be his last contribution before being replaced by French tyro Paul Pogba.Defender Patrick Mtiliga provided Nordsjaelland's small delegation of fans with some cheer when he tested Gianluigi Buffon with a shot which the Juve keeper parried on 63 minutes.However that was to be the sum of their efforts as Juve continued to dominate and were unlucky not to pile on more agony.Later on, Matri's frustration intensified when he missed two clear chances and, the striker was not overjoyed when his knock-on header allowed second-half substitute Quagliarella to beat Hansen with his header from close range.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17137003", "title": "Fashion exhibition concludes", "text": "INDORE: A fashion exhibition organized by students of Institute of Fashion Technology of IPS Academy culminated on Wednesday. The students exhibited their work and creations using paper, wood and jute and other waste material.Director of the institute, Poonam Vohra said, \"The exhibition that began on Monday displayed ethnic jewellery of students and professional designer Neer Chaudhary.\" On this occasion chairman of the academy Achal Chaudhary was also present to inaugurate the exhibition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12920561", "title": "Destination Review: Cuba", "text": "Suspended in time and content with its colourful Cadillacs and smoked cigars, Cuba's musical charm and idle, meandering ways will have you question your place in the rat raceNot very long ago, I bought a copy of Tony Wheeler's Bad Lands. It is meant to be a witty first-hand account of his travels through some of the most repressed and dangerous regimes in the world, ranging from Afghanistan to North Korea, Libya to Iraq . Taking into account each country's attitude to human rights, terrorism and foreign policy, he asks 'what makes a country truly evil', all the while describing the local lives in these closed-off countries. At the end of the book, he describes something he came up with, the Evil Meter, which he uses to rate every country based on three questions \u00e2\u20ac\u201d how it treats its citizens, whether it is involved in terrorism and whether it is a threat to any other country.I read the chapter on Cuba very carefully and though he didn't have too many positive things to say about the travel experience, his account on the lives of the Cuban people, the residue of revolution and the digs at Fidel or USA was infotainment enough to get me thinking.It also made me wonder why Cuba even featured in the book considering it had the lowest score on the Evil Meter. I wasn't going to write a thesis on the state of the world today. I simply wanted to go on a holiday, to a country that I knew might not stay the same for long. I wanted to visit Cuba before North Americans started arriving on a direct flight, without the detour via Mexico or the Bahamas .A Cuban dilemmaThe trip had a very heartwarming start, a chance meeting with this young Cuban flight attendant (currently a Spanish citizen) who was traveling to Havana to meet his boyfriend (a Cuban citizen). With the whole restriction around Cubans travelling and with same-sex unions not legal yet, they meet once a month to spend time with each other in Havana. Sometimes just for 24 hours. He shared their plans to adopt a child with Down syndrome. I was glued to his touching stories throughout the flight and was slightly overwhelmed, even before we landed in Havana.The old cityAfter getting some local tips from him including places to visit for salsa, we kissed our first Cuban friend goodbye in the Jose Marti International Airport. Taking a taxi into Habana Vieja (old city), we reached a fairly dilapidated house, the Casa Particular we had booked. Inside, it was a beautiful colonial house with old rocking chairs and ornate tiled floors. Casa Particulares are the Cuban versions of bed &amp; breakfasts, run by Cuban families. Every day, thousands of Cubans open their homes to travelers and share their lives with them. Their trust and hospitality just gave me goose bumps. From the minute we walked in, Roberto and his mother Juanita made us feel like an extension of their family.Tourism is definitely more lucrative in Cuba and clearly locals who are involved in tourism are more well off. You wouldn't be surprised to meet qualified engineers and lawyers, who gave up their government jobs for tourism opportunities. With the dual currency system in Cuba (Cuban convertible pesos for the tourists and Moneda Nacional for the locals), the divide is evident. As we stepped out the first morning to walk through the streets of Habana Vieja, we noticed a street vendor selling fruits to the tourists at 10 times the price he would sell to a local. And, that's when it hits you, the economy is a mess. Where else do you see a fruit vendor on the street making more money in a day than a doctor in an entire month? You could argue that the same street vendor was educated and read Gabriel Garcia Marquez , while this would be impossible in another country.A great car museum", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136628", "title": "Man arrested for stabbing former neighbour", "text": "NAGPUR: A man was arrested for allegedly stabbing his 49-year-old former neighbour in a bid to rob him. Despite being threatened at knife point, Kundan Nikhar fought bravely with 25-year-old Satish Bude and saved the bag which contained about Rs 1 lakh cash.The incident took place near Adivasi Colony in Rana Pratap Nagar police station area on Tuesday night. Nikhar, a resident of Adarsh Colony, owns an online lottery shop at Trimurti Nagar.His family told TOI that around 10pm, Nikhar shut the shop and left for home with his bag.Nikhar told police that Bude stopped him and asked him for a lift. \"Since Bude used to be our neighbour, I offered him a lift. Some distance from my home, Bude asked me to stop the scooter. As soon as he got down, he pointed a knife at me and asked me to give him the cash bag,\" said Nikhar.Bude even tried to snatch the bag but Nikhar opposed him. \"He was threatening me and I started shouting. As people turned to me, he stabbed me on my face and fled,\" he added.Police said that Bude, a resident of Chattrapati Nagar, is unemployed. Six years ago, Bude and Nikhar were neighbours at Chattrapati Nagar. Later, as Nikhar's business developed, he shifted to Adarsh Colony.Nikhar family denied any dispute between the two families. Instead, Nikhar claimed that both families had maintained cordial relations. Bude has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17137469", "title": "US stocks dip as focus turns to fiscal cliff", "text": "US stocks fell, snapping a two-day advance in the Standard &amp; Poor's 500 Index, as investors' focus returned to the US tax debate and Europe's debt crisis following the re-election of President Barack Obama.The S&P; 500 declined 2.2% to 1,398 around noon in New York. The Dow Jones Industrial Average futures slid 297 points, or 2.3%, to 12,948. Trading in S&P; 500 companies was 56% above the 30-day average at this time of day, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.\"Here we go again in Washington,\" Ed Yardeni, president and chief investment strategist at Yardeni Research in New York, wrote in a note on Wednesday. \"President Barack Obama has won a second term. While he promised last night that 'the best is yet to come,' more political storms are likely.\"Now that the election has been decided, investors will turn their focus to the $607 billion of tax increases and federal spending cuts set to kick in automatically in January, the so-called fiscal cliff. The Congressional Budget Office has said the US economy would slow by as much as 0.5% next year if Congress fails to keep the increases from taking effect.Dollar DivesThe dollar weakened for a second day against the euro on speculation Obama's re-election as president will boost chances the US will maintain monetary stimulus policies that tend to weaken the greenback . The US currency fell versus all except one of its 16 major counterparts after Obama defeated Republican challenger Mitt Romney. The Australian dollar rose for a third day.\"Monetary policy will remain loose under Obama so the dollar will be sold,\" said Michiyoshi Kato, senior vicepresident of foreign-currency sales at Mizuho Corporate Bank in Tokyo. \"Dollar selling may not last that long as the US faces the fiscal cliff,\" he said, referring to more than $600 billion in tax increases and spending cuts that will be implemented in 2013 unless Congress acts.The dollar depreciated 0.3% to $1.2769 per euro at 8:23 am London time after earlier strengthening as much as 0.2%. The greenback declined 0.1% to 80.24 yen after dropping to 79.81 yen, the weakest since November 1. The euro rose 0.2% to 103.16 yen.In Europe, the FTSE 100 index of leading British shares fell 1.58% at 5,792 while Germany's DAX ended 1.96% lower at 7,233. The CAC-40 in France was down 2% at 3,410 at close. Earlier in Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 index closed marginally lower at 8,973. Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 0.7% to 22,099.85. South Korea's Kospi gained 0.5% to 1,936.All Eyes On ChinaMainland Chinese shares edged lower, with Shanghai Composite Index slipping marginally to 2,106. The smaller Shenzhen Composite Index lost 0.2% to 852. Also on investors' radar is Thursday's opening of China's Communist Party congress \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the once-in-a-decade forum to name China's top leadership. Although current Vice President Xi Jinping is almost certain to be China's next leader, markets will be looking for hints on how the new leadership plans to tackle the nation's economic slowdown.Oil SlipsThe price of benchmark New York crude was down $3.49 to $85.22 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange at noon.While Obama's victory in 2008 spurred the biggest plunge ever for the Dow on the day after an election, gains for American assets over the past four years are among the best in the developed world. Fed chairman Ben S Bernanke's actions to revive the economy after the worst recession in seven decades helped send the Dow up 60%. The Dow has gained 3.9% points more than the MSCI All-Country World Index since Obama's inauguration , beating 16 of 24 developed countries.Yet since 1984, the S&P; 500 has declined an average 0.9% on the day which followed presidential elections, according to data compiled by Bespoke Investment Group. The benchmark measure for American equities has risen only two of seven times on the day after the polls, the data showed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17136050", "title": "Sandalwood smuggling to Dubai via Punjab", "text": "AMRITSAR: Anti-smuggling wing of the customs department is on the lookout for the 'Veerappan' of Punjab who managed to smuggle more than 40,000kg of rare red sandalwood to Dubai from the dry port at LudhianaAnd more surprisingly, the red sandalwood was brought to Punjab from south India in trucks that passed several state borders and went unnoticed. This came to light after the customs authorities arrested 30-year-old Gurpreet Singh, believed to be a close aide of 'Punjab's Veerappan', whose identity is withheld by the authorities. The customs officials also claimed to have nabbed one Jagdeep Singh, who used to help the gang with fake documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17135669", "title": "Plan to split Thane district gets official nod", "text": "THANE: The long-pending move to split Thane into two districts has been given a seal of approval by the Konkan divisional commissioner, who has recommended setting up of a new district headquarters at Palghar. Commissioner Vijay Nahata is understood to have submitted his report to state authorities after protracted meetings and listening to diverse opinions voiced by officials and local political functionaries.There is a proposal for Palghar to be the headquarters of a new district to be carved out from the tribal talukas of Jawahar, Mokahda, Talasari, Vikramgad, Wada, Palghar and Vasai. The Thane district jurisdiction will then be restricted to Thane, Navi Mumbai, Bhiwandi, Kalyan-Dombivli and Shahapur.Thane district currently comprises seven municipal corporations and two municipal councils with an overall population exceeding 1.20 crore. Its proximity to Mumbai, the state capital, and massive infrastructure development in the townships of Navi Mumbai, Thane, Mira Road etc. has resulted in population explosion in the district.\"Thane has a unique mix of population and the income disparity is also huge. While cities like Thane, Navi Mumbai and Mira Road have an urban population, Thane district also has a 13% tribal population,\" an official from the district collectorate said. The creation of the proposed Palghar district will help in effective implementation, monitoring and evaluation of welfare programmes meant for the tribal population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17138181", "title": "Merchant XI trounce Phadkar XI by an innings", "text": "MUMBAI: Leg-spinner Pariskhit Valsankar grabbed 4-26 to shine in Vijay Merchant XI's innings victory over Dattu Phadkar XI in a second round league match of the Sportstar Trophy MCA Under-19 selection trial tournament, on Wednesday.Shot out for 94 in the first innings, Phadkar XI were skittled out for 118 in the second to slump to a humiliating defeat.Centuries by Ramanpreet Singh and Amogh Bhatkal, put Khandu Rangnekar XI on top against Vijay Manjrekar XI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17135718", "title": "Mamata Banerjee to draw up new industry policy", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has decided to junk Bengal's decade-old industry policy drawn up by the Jyoti Basu government in 1994 and adopt a new one in keeping with changing realities. Ironically, state industries minister Partha Chatterjee is unaware of the move.Mamata has entrusted former Union minister Saugata Roy the job of drafting the new policy. Roy has already sent out letters to industry captains and chambers seeking their opinion.When TOI contacted Chatterjee on Wednesday, he was clueless. \"What policy? What letter?\" the minister asked.Roy, however, confirmed the move. \"A new industrial policy will be formulated for the state keeping in mind current realities. Since I am no expert on industry, it's only logical that I should seek ideas from those who are an integral part of the sector,\" he said.While Mamata's move is being interpreted as an attempt at damage control in the wake of the Haldia port imbroglio and Tuesday's Birbhum flare-up, the new policy is unlikely to enthuse industry because the government plans to continue with its hands-off policy on land acquisition.The chief minister has set the terms of reference for the policy \u00e2\u20ac\u201d no land acquisition and no setting up of SEZs. She has asked Roy to carve out a policy on these lines.The Trinamool veteran, now a member of the chief minister's advisory council overseeing industry and IT, has been provided an office in the old WBIDC building on Council House Street from where he has started sending out letters to industrialists seeking \"urgent feedback by email or post or through one-and-one meetings\".Saugata Ray's letters to industry captains and chambers stress that the CM's hands-off policy on land acquisition is for keeps. So is the \"fundamental position of the government on no special economic zones (SEZs)\". Despite this, Roy feels \"there is still a lot of scope for coming up with the right policy\".Kallol Dutta, president, Bengal Chamber of Commerce and Industry, said: \"The move shows the government is serious about industry. We shall be happy to give our opinion openly.\"Sanjay Budhia, chairman, CII exports committee, said, \"Now that we can talk formally and informally with the government on the industrial policy, we shall seek a comparison of the industrial policies of other states. I am sure Saugata Roy and Partha Chatterjee will come up with a blue print for Bengal's rejuvenation.\"In her 17-month tenure, Mamata has met industry heads thrice and on each occasion she has spelt out that her government would not help in acquisition of land and that they would have to buy land directly from farmers.Industrial climate in the state has been on a free fall in recent months. Two months ago Assocham said it was apprehensive as \"investment proposals in Bengal had dropped from Rs 9 lakh crore to Rs 5.94 lakh crore in three years\".Last week, cargo-handler Haldia Bulk Terminals pulled out of Haldia port citing breakdown in law and order. On Tuesday, policemen clashed with landlosers at Birbhum's Loba village where work on DVC-Emta's coal mining project is stuck for over a year.Her government may be putting up a brave front, but it is clear that the CM is desperate in the face of imminent flight of investors. She has repeatedly claimed that big industrialists with investment proposals are queuing up at Writers'. But other than Wipro , Infosys and Cognizant , few big-ticket investors have flocked to the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17135025", "title": "Air Marshal S Varthaman visits Pasighat airstrip", "text": "ITANAGAR: Air Marshal S Varthaman, Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief of the Eastern Air Command, inspected the advance landing ground (ALG) that is under construction at Pasighat in East Siang district of Arunachal Pradesh.After he took stock of all aspects and personally drove around to see the progress of the ALG yesterday, the DC and wing commander Sumit Prasad apprised him about the status of the proposed airbase which will be used by passengers and for defence purposes by both Airports Authority of India and IAF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17135125", "title": "Anna Hazare rues Centre\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s insensitivity to Irom Sharmila", "text": "GUWAHATI: Expressing solidarity with Irom Sharmila's 12-year-long fast against the Armed Forces Special Power Act (Afspa), Anna Hazare on Wednesday rued the Centre's \"insensitivity\" to the sacrifice of Manipur's \"Iron Lady\".Hazare, who arrived here to attend a national conference on the foreigners' problem organized by the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti ( KMSS) on Thursday, said, \"I supported Sharmila's cause in the past and I will continue to do so in the days to come. It is the tradition of our country to make sacrifices for a great cause. But the government's insensitivity pains me.\"Although Anna did not speak much about his stand on Afspa, he maintained that the legislation has scope for rectification. \"Laws are made in our country and by our representatives. So, there is also scope for rectification,\" Anna said in the context of the military Act. He added that he will launch a country-wide tour from November 30 and meet activists who are fighting for difference social causes.Dwelling on Lokpal, Anna said that though his former associate, Arvind Kejriwal , has chosen the path of politics, the goal is the same \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to make a corruption-free country and elect good people in politics.\"Arvind Kejriwal has taken the path of politics and I have stuck to agitation. Though we have taken two different roads, our goal is same. I am hopeful that many good people will be elected through Kejriwal's participation in politics and work for the good of the country,\" said Anna.He added that India Against Corruption's (IAC)'s agitation in future will be more intense and powerful. He said a new core committee with 55 to 60 members will be formed in New Delhi on November 10. Along with Jan Lokpal, Anna said the future agitation will be a broad-based one taking up the demand for \"right to reject corrupt candidates\" and fight for the rights of farmers and workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17136920", "title": "Toll tax row resolved after mayor word", "text": "BHOPAL: School and college bus operators called off their proposed strike after an assurance from the that they would be kept out of the purview of toll tax on Raja Bhoj bridge. The assurance was given by the mayor Krishna Gaur to a delegation of school, college bus operators.The mayor however said that the mayor-in-council (MiC) members will have to be taken into confidence about this before any order is passed.The bus owners' association had come out strongly against the decision and had threatened to go on strike from Friday if it wasn't rolled back.President of the association Naseem Parvez, talking to TOI said, \"Mayor Krishna Gaur has said that she has directed the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) officials that the toll tax wouldn't be collected from the school and college buses. Hence we are withdrawing the decision to go on a strike till further notice.\"However, mayor said that it was only a verbal assurance that was given by her to the school and college bus owners. \"The roll back will first have to be discussed and approved by the MIC. Any decision on keeping the school and college buses out of the ambit of toll tax on the bridge will be taken by the council\".\"No date for discussion about the roll back or the MiC meeting has been fixed as of now,\" she added.The BMC had started collecting toll tax in the year 2005 when Sunil Sood was the mayor but had rolled back the decision after protest from school and college bus owners. Recently, the proposal was passed again during a council members meeting.There are a large number of schools and colleges in Mendori, Ratibarh and Neelbarh area that use the bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17137330", "title": "Cops allow cracker shops, with riders", "text": "TRICHY: The Trichy police have decided to permit crackers shops during Diwali season with some guidelines after taking into considering a lot of safety aspects. The move comes following the blast at a cracker unit in Sivakasi that claimed the lives of 40 people in September.Police say that strict adherence to the rules by the shops and the stringent action against the erring shops could only ensure a safe Diwali.Usually during Diwali season, several cracker shops mushroom in the city limits. The shops would function after obtaining licences from the corporation, fire service department and the police. As the Sivakasi cracker unit blast came as an eye-opener, the Trichy city police issued guidelines to be followed by the cracker shops. Though the guidelines were issued in the previous years during Diwali, they were not completely adhered to by the shopkeepers. The officials also showed leniency to the shops and punishments were not stringent.However, this year, as many as 132 applications have been received at the city police commissioner's office for getting permission to set up crackers shops. However, police have decided to permit 115 shops only. Rest of the applications were rejected for not satisfying the rules. Some of those who applied for renewal have also been rejected. The numbers of shops given permission have come down this year compared to last year, when 126 shops were permitted.Of the several guidelines to run a shop, the prescribed quantity of crackers to be stored in the shop would be a headache for the shop owners as the fire service department insisted them not to have more than 50 kg of crackers and 500 kg of sparklers. However, the shop owners feel they can earn only during the festive season and the restriction would affect their business.A fire service department officer lamented, \"The shops want to stock more crackers than the prescribed limit. Even if we are ready to take action, they escape from the law by using their influence. Despite a lot of lessons from various accidents, they are greedy for money by compromising the safety.\"Meanwhile, the fire and rescue services department personnel on Wednesday staged a fire safety drill for school students about the safe bursting of crackers during Diwali. The personnel also demonstrated the right method of bursting crackers. They insisted the students and those assembled there to adopt a method \"Stop, Drop and Roll\" instead of running away, if someone catches fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17137249", "title": "Diwali lamps spread light of happiness", "text": "VADODARA: The Diwali lamps are spreading a light of a very different kind in the families of some artisans in the city. The artisans have not only found these a good business for themselves, but are also providing employment to many both from within and outside the state.If there are students and housewives from the city decorating these lamps, there are workers from Agra, who come to the city to make these. The lamps are not only used in the city, but also sent to other parts of the state, country and even exported.Amit Prajapati, who has a shop in Nava Bazar area of the city, said his family has been operating in the area since 120 years. Today, there is huge demand for decorated and painted lamps.Amit said they now get lamps from Gorakhpur, Kolkata or Delhi. \"We then paint and decorate them here. These are then exported to the US. Some persons from Australia buy these in large quantities from us and take them there,\" he said, adding that he employs several persons, including women, who take these lamps home and paint them.Megha Pod, who is a student, says painting the lamps at home gives her enough money for funding her studies and other personal expenses. \"I learnt painting the lamps at the workshop and now carry work home. I can do it in my spare time,\" she says.Popat Prajapti has been in the city since generations after his family migrated here from Dhankhukha in Saurashtra after a famine. \"The Gaekwadi rulers gave us space in Kumbharwada. Now, I have had to rent a plot at Kotali for work as business has grown,\" he said.Prajapati calls artisans from Agra to make the lamps. \"They come here every year. Lamps made by them are sent across the state and even to Mumbai. The designs have changed over the years and we also adapt to whatever is the trend,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "17136533", "title": "Members of disbanded STF walk free", "text": "PANIPAT: The 10 members of the disbanded special task force (STF), who had been arrested by the district police in 2010 for allegedly making attempts to extort money from a local jeweller and a share broker, have been acquitted by the court.The district police had moved the court to frame charges against the 10 accused, including eight cops, in the infamous case of extortion that was carried out by members of the STF of Haryana police.The case against 10 persons was registered on March 11, 2010. The police had filed a 744-page challan in the court of chief judicial magistrate (CJM) on June 11, the same year.The police had framed charges against the accused under sections 395 (dacoity), 397 (robbery with attempt to cause death or grievous hurt), 398 (attempt to commit robbery or dacoity when armed with deadly weapon) and 120B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC and sections 27/54/59 of the Arms Act against the 10 persons including ASP Ashok Sheoran, ASI Vijay Pal, head constables Jagbir, Raj Kapoor and Iswar Singh, and constables Vinod Kumar, Dharam Singh and Mahinder Singh.Besides, charges were also framed against Satish Verma of Panipat who was found to be informer of the cops and Raj Kumar of Dari, an accomplice. Polygraph tests were done on the accused during investigation and police had collected information which was clubbed with the documentary and circumstantial evidence that had been placed before the court.There was also a CCTV camera footage which showed one of the cops trying to extort Rs 10 lakh from local jeweller Vishambhar Malhotra and Rs 6 lakh from a share broker Rajat Aggarwal. The police had got cellphone details of all accused on the basis of which it was established that all were present in vicinity of the crime scenes on the fateful day. Jeweller Vishambar died two months after registration of the case against members of the STF.STF was constituted in 2007 with 20 policemen as members. The purpose of the STF was to deal with cases of terrorism, naxalism and other serious crimes. State government had disbanded STF and the service revolvers and vehicles of accused cops were confiscated. The final verdict came 32 months after registration of the case during which the prosecution had produced as many 32 witnesses, most of whom turned hostile during hearings of the case. Meanwhile, Vicky Malhotra, son of Vishambar Malhotra (jeweller), expressed dismay over the acquittal. He also expressed apprehension that the accused might try to harm him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17138132", "title": "List ready, place for 1,670 in Allahabad University hostels", "text": "ALLAHABAD: There is vacancy for 1,670 students, including 444 girl students, in all the rooms in hostels of the Allahabad University and trusts. After being instructed by the Allahabad High Court to free their hostels of illegal inmates, the authorities of Allahabad University swung into action and have finally reached the exact number of vacant rooms in its various hostels.In terms of percentage, different hostels of AU have over 28 per cent vacancy whereas in trusts hostels the vacancy is over 59 per cent. Combining the two, there is vacancy over 41 per cent in various hostels at AU which should help solve the accommodation problem faced by students from other districts or states.It is pertinent to mention that following the court's decision, the university authorities called an important meeting of various officials, wardens and superintendents of different hostels of AU and those of the trusts. It was decided that in compliance with the order dated 19/10/2012 of the Allahabad High Court in writ petition C-53898 of 2012, only bona fide candiates be permitted to reside in rooms allotted to them. Any person not meeting the criterion for 2012-13 must vacate the hostel before November 14. It was further decided hostel authorities will display the list of bona fide inmates on the notice board of the hostel and submit the list of vacancy in their respective hostels to the office of DSW (Dean Student Welfare).After completion of the said list, the position of vacancy in all the hostels at AU is clear. Among all the 14 boys hostels (nine belonging to AU and five to trusts), there is vacancy for 1,226 boys pursuing various courses at AU. Among this, the vacancy in AU hostels is 581 and 645 in five hostels of the trusts. Apart from this, there is a vacancy for 444 girl students including 260 in the newly constructed women's hostel.In the AU hostels, the maximum vacancy is in Tara Chand hostel, of 189 rooms (all single-seated) and would be allotted to fresh inmates which in the other sense means a total of 189 rooms, in a hostel with 300 rooms, occupied so far by 189 illegal inmates. In Sir PCB hostel, there is total space for 210 inmates, of which 138 can be allotted to fresh candidates. SSL hostel of AU has a vacancy of 90 inmates, while there are 72 vacancies in Diamond Jubilee Hostel, 69 in G N Jha hostel and 23 vacancies in Shatabdi Boys hostel.In girl's hostels, there are 83 vacancies in PD hostel, 56 in Shatabdi Girls, 39 in Sarojini Naidu Hostel, Six in Mahadevi Verma hostel and 260 vacancies in the newly constructed hostel for girls.In hostels belonging to trusts, Hindu Hostel, there is place for 212 inmates against its total capacity of 368, while M B House has place for 172 inmates, Holland Hall can accommodate 232 inmates KPUC has 38 vacancies. S D Jain hostel, has the capacity for 92 inmates and it is 100 per cent vacant.According to sources, authorities will initiate raids from November 16 to get the rooms vacated by illegal occupants to accommodate bona fide students.Chief proctor of AU Prof Mata Amber Tiwari has already notified that FIR would be lodged against persons found occupying the room illegally. Besides, students may be rusticated from the university if not found in his or her room during the physical verification. The allotment would be cancelled and the room locked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135144", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcOld friend\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 hurls chemical on young physio\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s face", "text": "MUMBAI: Aryanka Hozbetkar, a 26-year-old physiotherapist, had a hazardous chemical flung at her face in her Worli residence on Wednesday morning. The assailant, who is absconding, is said to have been her good friend in the past. The incident comes in the wake of several other attacks in Mumbai on women at home and mirrors the growing trend of attempts to disfigure women's faces either with acid or by slashing.The attack took place at Hozbetkar's home at Adarsh Colony in Worli at around 5am just after Hozbetkar had returned from one of her cycling expeditions. She was in the presence of her friends when Jerrit John, 45, carried out the cowardly attack.Senior police inspector of the Dadar police, Prakash Patil, said John, a Vashi resident, has only been booked for theft and wrongful confinement as of yet. Further investigations are on.TOI has learned that the chemical attack has severely affected one of Hozbetkar's eyes, although officials at P D Hinduja Hospital, Mahim, where she is being treated, refused to comment on the extent of the damage. A family friend said, \"There have been injuries to the face and an eye may be badly affected. But she is out of danger now.\" Neither the hospital nor the family would confirm if the attack had disfigured Hozbetkar's face. Police said that one of her friends, Shammi Sharma, who was present when the attack took place, has also sustained injuries.Hozbetkar met John, who is employed with a private firm at Bandra-Kurla Complex, soon after she joined a cycling group. Sources close to the investigation said that Hozbetkar and John had been going on cycling trips together. \"They were very good friends. But after a point Hozbetkar did not want to continue with the friendship and she made that clear to him,\" a source said. On Wednesday at around 4am, Hozbetkar had just returned from one of her trips with her friends when John called her. \"He came over to her place and before anyone could realize anything was amiss, he hurled some liquid on her face. She started screaming and saying that her skin was burning,\" said the source. The source said that John had stopped going for cycling trips lately.Before Hozbetkar's parents, who were in the next room, or her friends could react, John fled the scene and bolted the Hozbetkars' door from the outside. He also took her cell phone, said a source. John was a frequent visitor to the Hozbetkar house and also was known to her parents. The victim's relatives, who were staying next door, had to unlock the door, following which she was rushed to the hospital.The police stopped short of saying acid had been flung at the girl. \"It did look like some corrosive material but it is difficult to say whether it was acid,\" said the source. The police have collected samples from the house, which will be sent to the Forensic Science Laboratory at Kalina.Senior inspector Patil said that a team was sent to John's Vashi residence, but it was locked. He confirmed that John had run away with the victim's cell phone. \"We are investigating the case,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17136369", "title": "HC grants bail to cable operator who said Sukhbir was monopolizing business", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday granted bail to Amritsar-based small time cable operator Gurdev Singh Bhullar, who had levelled serious allegations against the deputy chief minister Punjab, Sukhbir Badal, for monopolizing cable business in the state. The petitioner has alleged that six false cases have been registered against him on the behest of the state government.Justice Sabina of the HC has granted Bhullar bail in all these six cases registered against him, after hearing his petition.On September 15, HC had ordered the DGP, Punjab, home secretary, Punjab, and commissioner of police, Amritsar, to not register any further case against the petitioner.The petitioner has prayed for CBI inquiry, alleging that the deputy chief minister and one Sarabjit Singh alias Raju have taken over 95% of the cable business in Punjab and were causing an annual loss of crores of rupees to government by showing less cable connections. It was also alleged that by doing so they are avoiding service, entertainment and other taxes and that in order to create their monopoly over cable business in Punjab, they were getting false cases/FIRs registered against their business rivals and small cable operators by misusing police and political powers.The court has fixed December 10 as next date of hearing to take up the plea of petitioner for CBI probe into the allegations.The petitioner has also alleged that Sarabjit is partner and front man for Sukhbir and has been charge sheeted in CBI cases for rape and extortion of Rs 17,121,767 from cable operators and complainant in these cases is a retired high court judge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17137158", "title": "Manpower shortage strikes Realty sector", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Architects in the city are of the opinion that acute shortage of skilled labourers has taken its toll on the realty industry. They have urged the state government to conduct training programmes for masons and carpenters to bridge the gap between demand and supply in the sector.\"With growing population and increasing land cost, the latest trend in building planning is to have small but beautiful houses with maximum utility space. But the major problem faced by the construction industry is shortage of skilled manpower,,\" said A K Beuria, chairman, Indian Institute of Architects, Odisha chapter. \"We have urged the government to conduct training programmes for mason and carpenters, and set up a national-level institute like School of Planning and Architecture in the state,\" he added.Due to shortage of skilled manpower in Odisha, developers are forced to recruit skilled workers from neighbouring states like West Bengal and Bihar paying extra charges, he added.\"Despite having a huge workforce, neither the state government nor any voluntary organization has been conducting training programme for mason and carpenters, who comprise a huge part of the construction industry. Construction companies have been incurring financial losses on account of their projects being delayed, as price of raw materials, carrying costs and other costs keep increasing,\" said Pradipta Kumar Biswasray of Real Estate Developers' Association. He further said, \"The demand-supply gap was not felt earlier because there were not many construction activities in the state. But with big players starting to invest in the reality sector, it has been a major problem in the last five years. And the worst affected are medium-level players.\"Severe shortage in supply of skilled labourers has also contributed to an unhealthy competition among builders for securing the service of skilled workers employed by a rival firm. People in the realty sector cited this as one of the main reasons for daily remunerations of skilled workers going up exponentially.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17136571", "title": "MHT-CET will now be MT-CET", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Health and Technology-Common Entrance Test (MHT-CET), which was the combined entrance exam for admissions to engineering, pharmacy and health sciences degree courses in the state, will be known as the MT-CET from academic year 2013-14.The test will now cover only engineering and pharmacy courses in the state, after the state government decided to join the Medical Council of India's National Eligibility-Cum-Entrance Test (NEET) scheme for admissions to medical and dental degree courses from 2013-14.M M Morve, additional secretary to state department of higher and technical education, recently issued a government resolution declaring that the state director of technical education (DTE) will be the competent authority for the MT-CET 2013. Until now, the director of medical education and research was the competent authority for the MHT-CET. The DTE would later take over as the regulatory authority for the centralised admission process to engineering and pharma degree courses.On August 23, the state government announced that it would join the NEET for undergraduate medical and dental courses from 2013-14. However, it decided against joining the HRD ministry's all-India single entrance test \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the Joint Entrance Exam (JEE) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d for engineering and technology courses. The JEE will be held for all centrally-funded institutes, including the IITs, IIITs and NITs, from 2013-14.During his recent visit to the city, minister for higher and technical education Rajesh Tope had said that the state was keen on joining the JEE from 2014-15 Joining the JEE from 2013-14 would have given very little time to students who are currently in Std XII to prepare for the changes in curriculum, the minister had said.The government has since taken steps to ensure that the revised curriculum textbooks for the JEE are available in the market.Also, the issue of relative weightage to performance in the higher secondary certificate (HSC, Std XII) board exam and the JEE for admissions to the large section of unaided engineering colleges in the state has yet to be settled officially.A state government committee, under the principal secretary to the higher and technical education department, has studied the issue and submitted its report. The government has since been in favour of a 50:50 weightage for HSC and JEE scores in admissions to unaided engineering colleges in the state. This is to ensure equal importance for Std XII state board studies. But the government has not yet taken a formal decision to this effect.The national JEE scheme envisages a two-stage exam \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the JEE-main and JEE-advanced. The latter is to be conducted after the JEE-main, with a suitable time gap in between. Only the top 1,50,000 candidates (including all categories) in JEE-main will qualify to appear for the JEE-advanced examination.Admissions to IITs will be based only on category-wise all-India rank in JEE-advanced, subject to the condition that such candidates are in the top 20 percentile of successful candidates of their boards in applicable categories. The ministry prefers a 60:40 weightage ratio for the JEE and board exam scores, but has left it to the state governments to take a call on the matter for admissions to unaided engineering colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17137099", "title": "Voters' list is now out for verification", "text": "MYSORE: In the run up to the assembly elections, the state election commission is revising the voters' list and it has asked the public to verify their names announced in the provisional list of voters announced on October 31.Mysore deputy commissioner P S Vastrad has appealed to Mysoreans to verify the list and apply for inclusion of names, correction and change of assembly segment, before November 29. This applies to voters of all 11 assembly constituencies in Mysore.Voters can also verify their names through online or contact respective corporation or taluk offices for any revision.The form listForm 6: Application for inclusion of name in electoral roll after draft publication of draft roll (if your name is not included in the draft role). Form 7: Application for objection to inclusion of name in electoral roll. Form 8: Application for objection to particulars entered in electoral roll. Form 8A: Application for transposition of entry in electoral roll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135263", "title": "Diwali Pahat gets brighter this year", "text": "MUMBAI: As dawn breaks over the horizon on Diwali day, the charm of the festival will be enhanced for music lovers who attend the annual Diwali Pahat concert that begins around 6.30am. Topmost artistes such as Hridaynath Mangeshkar, Shridhar Phadke, Dr Ram Deshpande and Ustad Rashid Khan have performances lined up this year.Classical vocalist and critic Amarendra Dhaneshwar laughingly points out that virtually no bandish has been created for the festival of Diwali. \"We have scores of compositions dedicated to Holi and the monsoon but none to Diwali. In fact, classical singer Kumar Gandharva had felt a pang of regret that there was no bandish suited to such a joyous occasion so it was he who wrote a special composition, 'Shubh ghadi deep ki jyot jale'. That is perhaps the only one to date,\" says Dhaneshwar, who will perform at Karnataka Sangh on November 11.Yet, fortified with morning ragas, bhavgeet and bhakti geet, the growing popularity of the Diwali Pahat can be gauged from the fact that composer Shridhar Phadke has a marathon run of six events this year. \"From November 10-15, I am performing in Pune, Nerul, Mangaon, Vasai and Thane. At some places, I sing the bhavgeet-bhaktigeet combination, at others I present the iconic 'Geet Ramayan' by G D Madgulkar and my father Sudhir Phadke.\"Listeners love to start the new year with the Phadke father-son classics such as 'Dev devharyat nahi' and 'Omkar swaroopa', a 700-year-old composition by Sant Eknath; 'Dhundi kalyana' and 'Rutu hirva'.Sitar player Sameep Kulkarni says even technicians are mindful of creating an ambience suited to morning ragas. Rahul Kaikini, grand-nephew of Pt Dinkar Kaikini, is arranging an Indian-style baithak for Devaki Pandit's concert at Ajivasan, Juhu. \"We will start by keeping the lights dim and gradually brighten the hall to give the feeling of daylight,\" he says.Organizers often round off the performance with a round of faral or traditional Maharashtrian Diwali fare like karanji, chivda and chakli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17136759", "title": "Cable TV operators told to pay entertainment tax dues", "text": "PUNE: The district entertainment tax department has asked the cable operators in the city and adjoining areas to pay pending tax amounts. The department recently initiated action against two city based cable operators against the non payment of taxes and showing lesser number of customers than the actual figure.Besides recovery of taxes, the department is also planning to ask cable operators to produce latest statistics pertaining to number of customers.According to sources from the district entertainment tax department, notices have been issued to 13 cable operators. The tax amount with interests that is due is about Rs1.34 crore which is pending since last five years. The department is preparing a list of defaulters and soon will initiate steps to recover the taxes.An official from entertainment tax department said that in addition to recovery of taxes, a survey is being planned in the city to identify the number of connections with every operator. There are about 76 wards spread across the city. The survey will be conducted in every ward in phases. The officials of the department will visit the customers and ask details about the cable TV services. The survey would also provide statistics on the number of houses that have installed set-top-boxes. Further action will be planned based on the findings of the survey, informed an official.The official also added that it is mandatory for any cable operator to pay taxes against the cable TV connections. However, it has been noticed that many operators fail to pay taxes every year. It has been observed that some cable operators have submitted incorrect information to the department pertaining to the connections and number of customers, while many operators have not updated recent data. The department is initiating steps to update the data regarding cable TV services. The cable operators violating laws would face action.The department is also planning to make use of property tax receipts to identify the cable TV connections. A plan is being worked out whether the property tax receipt number can be used to identify cable connection, said an official. Beside cable TV, the department is planning to identify the numbers of direct-to-home connections (DTH) in the city and adjoining areas. According to the estimates, DTH connection penetration has been significant in rural areas. The number of cable TV connections witnessed some decrease in last few years owing to presence of DTH services, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135286", "title": "Mid-air scare: Man turns violent on Mumbai-Delhi flight, raises Islamic slogans", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what was described by a frequent flyer as the \"scariest flight of his life\", a passenger on board a Mumbai-Delhi IndiGo flight suddenly turned violent mid-air on Wednesday and started raising Islamic slogans while threatening to harm the aircraft. The situation turned so alarming that the cabin crew and passengers pinned down the flyer, Mursalim Shaikh, 41, and blocked the aisle with a food trolley to prevent him from making a dash for the cockpit.The IndiGo flight 6E 196 made a quick descent in Delhi after seeking priority landing, where Shaikh, a used car dealer from Babu Tansen Chawl in Virar, was handed over to security agencies.The drama began about an hour after the plane had taken off from Mumbai at 3.45pm and was flying over Jaipur. Shaikh, bearded and dressed in a pathani suit, was seated on seat 28 A. \"He suddenly turned around on the seat to face an aged woman on 29A and started muttering menacingly to her,\" a flyer said. An airhostess reportedly asked Shaikh to sit properly, but he kept gazing at her before suddenly slapping her, turning very aggressive.Recalling the hijack scare on a Delhi-Mumbai flight, a co-passenger said, \"Shaikh was waving a cellphone and threatening 'sabko dekh loonga' (I will teach everyone a lesson).\" Male passengers and the crew together pinned Shaikh down. Then women and children seated in the rear were sent to the front and a food trolley was placed in the aisle to prevent Shaikh from going towards the cockpit.Confirming the incident, IndiGo said, \"This unruly passenger started screaming and also physically assaulted a crew member. The passenger also got violent with co-passengers, and tried to access the forward of the aircraft. IndiGo crew made appropriate announcements and deployed security measures to block access to the front of the aircraft and the front galley.\"Said a passenger, \"We landed soon after the man had been overpowered.\" The flight commander had requested for security personnel on arrival. The passenger was taken out at 6.13pm and handed over to the CISF. IndiGo said it was in the process of lodging an FIR. \"An untoward conduct of this nature is of serious concern to us. We will take all necessary action to address this violation,\" IndiGo said.While passengers said the landing in Delhi came as a huge relief, the drama did not end there. For, the airline and airport personnel did not handle the situation as professionally as the crew had done in the air. \"Once the aircraft door opened, we expected security personnel to rush in and arrest the flyer. But the airline's own security team came into the aircraft. We were first asked to alight and then a second announcement was made asking us to stay seated. We were wondering why security agencies did not just whisk the guy away?\" said a passenger.The IGI domestic airport police have arrested Shaikh and registered a case for criminal intimidation, assault and threatening the crew. The Intelligence Bureau is quizzing him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17136120", "title": "Censors under fire for row over movie", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as Brahmin organisations kept up their protest against 'Denikaina Ready', the Andhra Pradesh Film Chamber of Commerce and the Telugu Film Producers' Council on Wednesday laid the blame at the doorstep of the Central Board of Film Certification ( CBFC) for all the controversy fuelled by the film's content.\"The censor board should be more responsible when clearing a film,\" said noted actor AV Subramanyam, popularly known as AVS. \"The censor board has become a political rehabilitation centre,\" he commented.Coming out in support of 'Denikaina Ready' producer Mohan Babu, APFCC members said it was not right on the part of any organisation or group of people to resort to violence over differences of any kind. Even as Brahmin organisations stepped up their agitation against 'Denikaina Ready', Mohan Babu got a few Brahmins from his hometown Tirupati and also from Chennai to speak to the media at his residence. \"Organising last rites for someone who is alive as a form of protest, like some Brahmin organisations have done in this case, is deplorable,\" they said.Members of Brahmin organisations who tried to proceed to Raj Bhavan to protest against the film were arrested by cops at the Khairatabad crossroads. Members of another group, protesting at the APFCC offices in Jubilee Hills, too, were arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17136941", "title": "Canadian PM Stephen Harper savours lemon chicken at Chandigarh dhaba", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Visiting Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper savored spicy lemon chicken and mutton rahra at a dhaba here on Wednesday.Harper ate at Deluxe Dhaba along with nearly 50 people, including Indian politicians and bureaucrats. He arrived at the eatery in a Mercedes around 7.30 pm and a white tent was pitched up to cover a parking area outside the dhaba.Harper, who was on a one-day visit to Punjab and spent the night in Chandigarh, insisted on paying the bill.Deluxe Dhaba owner Manish Goyal said it was the most memorable day of his life. \"I got the confirmation message about Harper's visit here today at 6 am. We were told to prepare a special menu for him and those coming with him. We had little time to serve out best delicacies. A team of a dozen chefs was immediately put on the job and it took almost the whole day and the final dish was ready by 6 pm,\" he said.He said Harper started with lemon chicken and butter chicken with a bit of raita. Then he tried some malai kofta and palak paneer with butter nan. \"We ended with sweet taste of 'kulfi,' which is popular in the countryside of Punjab,\" said Goyal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17136789", "title": "Civic body scraps dog shelter plan", "text": "PUNE: The civic standing committee on Tuesday scrapped the proposal to build a shelter for stray dogs in the city. The committee had approved the proposal last week despite the civic administration's opposition.Committee chairman Baburao Chandere told reporters on Tuesday, \"We reconsidered the proposal and decided that building a dog shelter is unfeasible and against the law.\"The proposal to build a dog shelter to accommodate over 40,000 dogs was tabled by NCP corporators Kishor Vitkar and Sunil Gogale. Last week the standing committee had asked the administration to make a feasibility report for the project. Opposing the proposal, the administration said that maintenance each dog would require Rs 18,000- 25,000 every year. The administration also said that, as per the Prevention of Cruelty to Animal Act, 1960, keeping stray dogs together is banned.\"We had approved the proposal, considering the feelings of corporators. However, we came to the conclusion that the administration was correct,\" Chandere said.On an average, 1,150 dog-bite cases per month were registered since January 2012. In 2011, around 1,000 cases were reported each month.\"Dog shelter is not an option to reduce dog-bite cases. Instead we have asked the health department to enhance the process the sterilize dogs,\" Chandere said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17136669", "title": "A win they had been keen on", "text": "KOCHI: With Barack Obama securing a second term in the White House , the curtain has come down on one of the most closely-fought elections in recent times.And the all-pervading excitement over the win was evident on the faces of the Americans on-board luxury cruiser Ocean Princess, which called at Kochi port with 594 passengers, including 299 US tourists.Walder Pol and Eleanor Catherine of New Jersey sounder ecstatic: \"Obama's victory is the right way forward. From the beginning, he was definitely the more confident candidate. Over a period of time, he has matured as a leader and policy maker.\"Another group from the ship strolling around Fort Kochi was excited to see Obama's face on the front pages of evening dailies. After gazing at them for some time, they surprised the shopkeeper by buying the entire lot. Mafon Karnel from Pennsylvania, who bought the lot, said: \"It's very good for the country. Obama deserves another shot at the presidency at a time when the US is facing unprecedented issues.\"Nicolas and Rossa from New York also shared the same views. They felt he had tackled an extremely testing time.Alex Thomas, the tour guide, said all of them were keen about Obama winning, and had kept inquiring about the result since morning.However, there were a few who appeared disappointed. George Roemhiod said Obama's victory meant there was absolutely no hope for the poor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17137515", "title": "Canada PM in town for visit to temple", "text": "BANGALORE: Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and wife Laureen Harper will be in Bangalore on Thursday.During their visit which is off bounds for the local media, the couple will go to the famed Someshwara Swamy temple, near Ulsoor.State endowment department officials confirmed the visit between 4 pm and 5 pm. They declined to specify the reason. Public entry has been restricted during Harper's visit.On Friday, Harper will go to Bishop Cotton Boys' School. Parking has been restricted along the routes Harper will take during the two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17136831", "title": "Bajrang Dal activists booked", "text": "BHOPAL: Around two dozen activists of the saffron organization have been booked for rioting and manhandling policemen here in Nishatpura police station on Wednesday.The issue started when a low floor bus hit a cow in Karond area and the cow died.The members of Bajrang Dal assembled on the spot and started beating the bus driver named Bafate Khan and took him to the police. Later, on reaching the police station they reportedly manhandled the cops after an argument. Two separate cases have been registered in the incident.First case is against the bus driver while the second case is against saffron activist including named Raja, Rajveer, Baba and two others for creating ruckus, the police added.Women robbed of her gold chain:A middle aged woman was robbed of her gold chain here under the limits of Shahpura police station on Wednesday evening.The police said complainant, Radha Sarathe, a resident of A- Sector, Shahpura was returning home on a two-wheeler when two unidentified bike borne persons looted her gold chain near Ahilyabai trisection and sped.The cost of the robbed chain is worth around Rs 30,000, the police added.: All commonly available sound emitting firecrackers exceed permissible decibel levels, shows the tests conducted by the Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organisation (PESO).The organization (formerly, the department of explosives) had tested samples from 846 sound emitting firecrackers from 144 manufacturers in Sivakasi, Tamil Nadu. Sivakasi is the hub of fireworks manufacturing activities, catering to 90% of demand of the entire country.The permissible limit for a single cracker is 125 decibel and for a series of crackers 105 decibel. The samples crossed the stipulated limit in both categories. According to a Supreme Court order, no cracker may exceed 125 decibel and that chemical composition of all crackers must be displayed on the package.Some of the firecrackers tested by the PESO are Chinese Cracker (100 Wala, 200 Wala, 28 Giant, 1,000 Wala, 24 Deluxe), Atom Bomb (Cake Bomb, Hydro, Super King, Agni, Classic Bomb, Kongo, Bullet Bomb), Maroon (Laxmi 4, Kuruvi 4, Laxmi Gold 4), among others.The PESO comes under the Union ministry of commerce and industry, department of industrial policy and promotion. All the tests were carried out in PESO's Fireworks Research &amp; Development Centre (FRDC) at Sivakasi during 2011 and 2012. The FRDC is designed to address some requirements of the Indian fireworks industry, like development of environment friendly fireworks, mechanization of hazardous manufacturing processes, development and standardization of products, safety of the personnel involved, study of nature of chemical composition and contrivance, quality control and quality assurance, testing of raw materials, etc.A PESO official based in Mumbai told TOI that the organization was facing a shortage of manpower. \"We take samples and examine manufacturing of firecrackers. Accordingly we either allow the manufacturers to produce it or ask them to stop production.\"\"But once the product is manufactured and despatched in the market, it is the local authority which can initiate any action,'' the official added.In 2010, the Awaaz Foundation and the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) jointly conducted tests on firecrackers to determine their noise and air pollution levels. The results showed that several categories of firecrackers, particularly, a variety termed 'bombs', violated the permissible noise levels.\"Under the Explosives Act, the police are the authority to regulate and license firecrackers through their arms and ammunition department,\" said Sumaira Abdulali, convenor of Awaaz Foundation.\"The police should ensure that no firecracker vendor licensed by them sells any unauthorized explosive device and that their licenses are cancelled in case of breach of any parameter of Section 7 of the Explosives Act and the Supreme Court order of July 18, 2005. The cracker which exceeds permissible sound limits should not be termed as 'firecracker', and is therefore an unauthorized explosive device,\" she added.Steps should be taken to ensure that no dangerous firecrackers are distributed or sold, including crackers which do not have their chemical composition and date of manufacture clearly displayed on the package, Abdulali said.The Maharashtra Pollution Control Board Pune on Wednesday tested the noise level of firecrackers available in the market at the MIT ground. The board will monitor the noise pollution and ambient air quality before Diwali and on Diwali day (November 13), to compare the sound and pollution levels in city, MPCB's Pune regional officer Anil D Mohekar said.After the firecrackers are tested by the MPCB and the explosives department, the report will be sent to the head office for further action, he said. The sound level of the firecrackers will also be tested in Nagpur and Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17137519", "title": "Dengue mosquitoes breeding in hospital", "text": "BANGALORE: Next time you visit a hospital, make sure that the hospital surroundings are clean. The BBMP's health squad has found that KIMS hospital on KR Road was nurturing on its premises dengue mosquito larvae-breeding centres.On Wednesday, Palike health officials of the south zone inspected KIMS hospital and found excessive larvae-breeding in the basement. The hospital was slapped with a fine of Rs 10 lakh for unhygienic conditions on the premises.\"KIMS, being a teaching institution, should set an example to citizens to prevent the spread of dengue. The hospital authorities have failed in their duties and responsibilities. Thus a penalty of Rs 10 lakh was levied on them,\" said Dr Devaki Umesh, chief health officer, BBMP, who visited the hospital on Wednesday.The hospital has been asked to immediately clean the premises and submit a report to the Palike within 24 hours. Besides, till BBMP officials revisit and inspect the premises, the hospital has been asked to close its fever inpatient unit.When contacted, Dr B Veeranna, administrative medical officer of KIMS hospital, confirmed the inspection but said the breeding centres are further away from the hospital.On November 5, based on a public complaint, the medical officer of BBMP South inspected the Namma Metro construction site on KR Road but no mosquito breeding was found. KIMS hospital is situated adjacent to the construction site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135652", "title": "Fishermen get biometric IDs", "text": "MUMBAI: Four years after the 26/11 terror attacks, which prompted a move to bolster security along India's vast coastline and protect those fishing near international waters, fishermen in Utan, Bhayander (W), were finally issued biometric cards this month.In the first phase of the project, 6,000 cards will be issued to fishermen in Thane taluka.Around 4,000 fishermen reside in the Utan and Chowk areas of Bhayander. Nearly 42,000 fishermen in Thane district will be covered in the second phase of the project. The process of gathering details about the fishermen for the biometric cards is underway.Many fishermen have complained of harassment at the hands of various agencies. Earlier, the government had issued smart cards to fishermen. The cards, however, proved futile out at sea as coastal agencies had no way of cross checking the credibility of the cards and hence of the fishermen.In case of biometric cards, card readers will be provided to the security agencies. The biometric cards will hence act as the electronic identification of individual fishermen. The cards bear a chip that carries details like a unique identity number, fingerprint, digital signature and photograph.\"Each cardholder will also be covered by a Rs 2 lakh personal accident insurance policy funded by the Centre and the state,\" said Bernard Dmello, corporator, Mira-Bhayander Municipal Corporation.The cards have been designed and made by the National Institute of Design and Bharat Electronic Limited. BSNL will provide the communication network while the National Informatics Centre has done data collection and entry work, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17137727", "title": "Sluggish revamp of ponds irks residents", "text": "RANCHI: With less than 15 days to go for Chhath, Ranchi Municipal Corporation (RMC) and A2Z waste management company have started cleaning the ponds throughout the city. But the rather sluggish progress of work has left many wondering if the work will be completed on time.As many as 44 ponds have been identified for Chhath Puja celebrations and the deadline for cleaning all the ponds is November 15. The cleaning work has been begun by RMC but the local residents fear that it may not be accomplished on time.During Durga Puja, RMC decided to lay nets in the ponds to expedite the cleaning process post the idol immersion but the plan could not be executed. CEO of RMC Deepankar Panda said, \"We approached the fishermen to give us nets and help us with tying them in ponds but they refused so we could not execute the plan.\"The last date of cleaning the Tiril pond in Kokar is November 10 but the work is moving at snail's pace. Madhuri Devi, who'll be on fast during the festival said, \"Last year too, RMC was unable to clean the pond on time and the local residents had to work with them to expedite the progress. I think it will be same this time.\"Deputy commissioner Vinay Choubey, who inspected the cleaning of ponds on Wednesday is confident that the work will be completed before time. \"More than 80% work has been done and the rest will be done within a week. Apart from cleaning the ponds, I have also directed RMC to clear the roads leading to ponds and make proper lighting arrangements.\"Those who are experts in swimming will be deployed at ponds and a vigil will be kept from boats. Apart from the 44 identified ponds, there are many other ponds in the city were Chhath Puja is held or was held until a few years ago, but RMC has been neglecting them.People residing near Kamali pond in Lower Chutia said that RMC officials never visit the pond so they pool their resources to undertake its cleaning on their own. Prashant Mishra, a local said, \"We have been cleaning the pond ourselves for years now and this year is not going to be any different. No one from RMC ever visits the site, leave alone cleaning it.\"The pond near Distillery Bridge in Kokar is in a similar state. Priyanka Kumari, a local resident said, \"Chhath was last celebrated here five years ago. Then the administration started ignoring it and the pond is now filled with garbage and water hyacinth. The administration should start cleaning it so that it can be rendered useful for Chhath.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mettupalayam/udhagamandalam", "code": "17136849", "title": "Bandh hits commuters hard", "text": "METTUPALAYAM/UDHAGAMANDALAM: Commuters on the Coimbatore- Mettupalayam route had a tough time on Wednesday as private buses plying on the stretch stayed off the roads while government buses were forced to move in a convoy with police escort.More than 150 government buses originating from Coimbatore and the Nilgiris ply through the Mettupalayam bus stand. \"Government buses ran with police escort and we did our best to ensure there is no inconvenience for passengers because of the strike,\" said A Arugusamy, DSP, Avinashi, presently deployed as the official in charge of Mettupalayam bus stand on Wednesday.Many shops and establishments in the region remained shut due to the bandh called by Hindutva outfits. As many as 367 police personnel including superintendent and deputy superintendent rank officers were deployed in the trouble-prone areas to ensure peace. Talks were held in Mettupalayam in the presence of senior members of different communities to neutralise the tension and prevent any communal flare-up.Across the Nilgiris, cadres of Hindu Munnani, RSS and VHP held demonstrations. Two TNSTC buses were damaged by Hindu Munnani workers at Lovedale junction near Ooty. The two men, subsequently, surrendered to police and have been remanded. A shop located close to Ragavendra temple near the ATC bus stand was also damaged by Hindu Munnani cadres. \"We are holding protests to condemn the attack on Anand,\" said Selvakumar, Tirupur and Nilgiris district coordinator, Hindu Munnani. Shops in Coonoor town were closed on Wednesday.About 21 men belonging to Hindutva outfits were arrested in Ooty for blocking traffic near the ATC bus stand and nine were held in Gudalur for holding demonstrations. Selvakumar said a bandh has been called in Kotagiri on Thursday to protest the attack on S Anand.Meanwhile, Anand, who was assaulted by two unidentified men on a bike with iron rods in Mettupalayam on Tuesday, is responding well to treatment and is presently out of danger. He has been shifted to a special ward from the critical care unit. \"He (Anand) will be able to identify one of the assailants as the other one was wearing a helmet. There seems to be no direct motive behind the attack at the moment,\" said Pradeep Kumar, Anand's brother. Anand has suffered fracture on his jaw bones and hence has difficulty in speaking at the moment.Activists with the Sangh Parivar are claiming that the incident is part of a larger, state-wide conspiracy to target senior RSS cadres and eliminate them. Local leaders of Hindu Munnani and BJP cite also endorsed this theory citing a previous fatal attack on Dr V Arvinth Reddy in Vellore district who was secretary of the TN medical wing of the party. \"There seems to be a conspiracy to eliminate senior functionaries of BJP and related outfits. We demand strict action from the police to ensure such incidents are not repeated in the future,\" said D Satheesh Kumar, a BJP leader who is also chairman of Mettupalayam municipality.\"We are not taking the situation lightly and are trying to defuse the tension in the area at the earliest,\" said ES Uma, superintendent of police, Coimbatore district.Police also claimed the two shops which were partially damaged in Nallampalayam was not due to arson but a mishap as someone piled a huge heap of garbage at the entrance of these adjacent shops and set them on fire. \"It was not an attack but an accident as per our investigation,\" Uma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17137409", "title": "Skill shortage will force US to live with offshoring: IT companies", "text": "BANGALORE: The Indian IT industry would have preferred not to have another four years of Barack Obama , having been at the receiving end of higher visa fees, lawsuits on misuse of visas and general anti-offshoring rhetoric during his first tenure. But some veterans said the Indian IT sector was \"too big and too important\" to the US to be affected much by whatever Obama now does.IT industry body Nasscom's president Som Mittal said Indian tech services firms help the US to become more efficient and competitive. \"And they have a shortage of skills. There is now growing realization that we are part of the solution (to the US's problems),\" he said. He has some statistics to bear him out. In May this year, a group called the Partnership for A New American Economy, backed by US technology industry bigwigs, released a report that said that if the US did not adjust its immigration policies to make it easier for foreign born technology workers to reside in the country, it could fall behind the rest of the world in growth and innovation.The argument was based on the finding that the demand by US companies for talent with degrees in STEM (science, technology , engineering and math ) was rising three times faster than jobs in the rest of the economy , but these positions were \"the hardest to fill because of the dearth of native-born Americans with these degrees\" . The report said the US would face a shortage of 224,000 hi-tech workers by 2018.Vineet Nayar , CEO of HCL Technologies , isn't worried either. \"We are increasingly being called upon by US corporations to drive revenue growth through technology innovations and even creating local jobs,\" he said. Blake Chisam, who leads the professional practice at Washington-based immigration law firm Fragomen, echoes that sentiment. America, he says, is heavily focused on innovation and therefore it cannot afford to stop the entry of tech specialists and domain experts from India.Krishnakumar Natarajan , MD of IT company Mindtree , also noted that protectionism in the US was no longer in conflict with the Indian IT industry, given that many Indian IT companies were establishing centres in the US. \"Earlier, we were merely offshoring work to India . But given that we are now doing much more work that is core to the customer, we have to be closer to the customer,\" he said.However, Phaneesh Murthy , CEO of iGate , said Obama's victory was \"not the best news for India or the IT outsourcing industry\" , given his record with visa regulation and pressure on American companies to insource (drawing outsourced jobs back inhouse ). Pari Natarajan, CEO of IT consulting firm Zinnov, noted that General Motors had begun insourcing IT work and believes that Indian IT companies are being too optimistic. \"If US companies find that they can get offshored work done at similar rates in a tier-2 US city, they may start doing that (given the implicit pressure from the US government ),\" he said.May be GM is an exception, and may be Som Mittal is right when he says the problem for America is China, not India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17136404", "title": "IIM-Kozhikode students to help aspirants clear CAT", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A high score in the common admission test (CAT) could be a passport to a dream job, a highflying career and mega bucks. Around 1.92 lakh candidates across the country, who tried their luck in CAT 2012 on Tuesday, will wait with bated breath till January 9 to know if their scores would lead them to premier B-schools like the Indian Institute of Management (IIM).Come next year's and the degree graduates from the state can have an edge over their peers elsewhere in the country. In a unique initiative, IIM-K students have decided to help their less fortunate brethren to crack CAT.Apart from sharing their success mantras and personally training them, CAT toppers from IIM-K will also provide test preparation material to aspirants. To start with, the students will hold a workshop for final year and pre-final year undergraduate students from across the state at the campus from November 9 to November 11 under the Shiksha initiative.Convenor of Shiksha, Divya V told TOI that many students from the state, despite being very talented, lacked the exposure and access to targeted training programmes that make a huge difference in highly competitive exams like CAT, one of the toughest test in the country. The programme will also address the verbal ability constraints faced by many students.\"It is purely a student initiative and we intend to provide training to 130 students from across the state. Those who had scored high percentiles from among us will share tips and strategies. What worked for us will surely help them. What these students need is just a little push to and we intend to give them a helping hand to cross the CAT barrier,\" she added.IIM-K students will conduct aptitude test and mock group discussions for degree students of Kerala. They have also roped in a leading training provider to provide free test preparation material and mock test series to selected students. IIM-K students, in association with the Social Service Group of the IIM-K, would also provide career counselling to students from government schools in and around Kozhikode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17137177", "title": "Aromatic candles, diyas rule market", "text": "MYSORE: With Diwali round the corner, city markets are flooded with aesthetically designed wax diyas and aroma-spreading candles wrapped in glossy sheets and ribbon-clad boxes.The demand for these items that can surely make the festival brighter is soaring high in the city and they are being supplied to other places too. Made in Mysore, \"Glow lights\" and \"Floater diyas\" of Ripple Fragrances company are a sure eye catchers. Also in the list are diyas adorned with candles are an ideal gift item. This apart, these candles can serve as adorable decoration pieces at homes.\"When you gift sweet items to your loved ones, it just gets over within a time, but candles and diyas can be used during the festival or stored as decorative pieces,\" says Ripple Fragrances managing director Kiran V Ranga. The company manufactures candles and lifestyle items at its factory in Belagola industrial area and supplies across the country. According to him, the trend of gifting a pack of beautiful and aromatic candles is catching up among Mysoreans also other city-dwellers. The demand has doubled this year, Kiran added. Specially designed Diwali candles burn for three hours and candle diyas last up to four hours.Pharmaceuticals, hotels and companies prefer candles for corporate gifting. There are many advantages to burning aromatic candles. It helps de-stress oneself and it can also be used in living rooms, bath tubs or even for a romantic candle light dinner, Kiran said and added that north Indians are the major buyers of such products.Gift items also include fragrance vaporizers which have endearing aroma and exquisite design. Potpourri mix is an organic mixture of flowers, herbs and oils in an attractive bowl which spreads refreshing fragrance.\"To my family and friends, I will gift some aromatic candles this season. This is the perfect choice for the festival of lights,\" says homemaker Sonali.These items are sold at hypermarkets and malls across the state. The buyers are middle and upper class who love to add spark to their living spaces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17137507", "title": "Bangalore planners must pedal for biking", "text": "BANGALORE: Gary Fisher is a restless man. If he's not biking, he's doing some other exercises. Even when he takes out his car, he parks it at a distance, \"so that walk pumps enough blood to the brain\".The father of mountain biking talks about wheels, gears, terrains and roads, among other things.What attracted you to mountain biking?I've been into racing since 1962 and pursued mountain biking simultaneously. Bikers huffing and puffing along uphill gradients bothered me. This prompted the mechanic in me to change some things in the bicycle so it's a mountainfriendly bike.Which are the best terrains you've ridden?I love riding in deep mountains and the serpentine stretches downhill. The Avenue of Giants (northern California ) which is rich in tall redwood trees, and the incredibly scenic Dolomites (Italy) are close to my heart. No joy can equate playing in the dirt for a high.You once said 'all bikers are my friends'. How many friends do you have?I'm a happy man, for the entire biking community is friends with me. I can feel that in places I visit across the world.What are the market trends?The industry is changing, and development spurs market. There were only a few takers for new products in the 1970s. Now, people know what to buy.How can one spread awareness about biking?Offer a person a bike and ask her to join you for the ride. Smile through the ride, and I'm sure she gets hooked. Spread such smiles, the biking community grows big and goes miles.How has biking in Bangalore been?It's chaotic but not so unsafe. One can easily manoeuvre through the roads. The city planners must give a thought to biking, as much as they are giving to the Metro. I enjoyed biking parallel to the underconstruction Metro tracks.MEMORABLE RIDEThough it was a working day, many bikers turned up to catch a glimpse of Gary Fisher at a Jayanagar showroom. They joined the iconic biker as he rode on the lanes between 6.30am and 7.30am. The organizers sprang a surprise with a birthday cake for him (he turned 62 a few of days ago).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17135542", "title": "Science Express on track of edutainment", "text": "LUCKNOW: Exhibiting biodiversity and climate change in India, the Science Express train attracted a large number of school and college students on the first day of its halt at Charbagh railway station on Wednesday. About 2,500 students boarded the knowledge train which aims to create awareness on the wide array of biodiversity in India and its conservative measures.The specially designed 16-coach AC train showcases the myriad biodiversity spread across the bio-geographical zones of India and various other facets like marine, coastal, forest, microbial, agro biodiversity and their linkage with livelihoods besides challenges of conservation. It also carries exhibits on climate change, energy conservation and a 'Joy of Science' lab, in which students can perform experiments and indulge in activities to understand concepts of science in an interesting manner.The students were fascinated to observe the treasure-trove of knowledge loaded on the train. Abhishek Rawat, a class VIII student, said, \"After boarding the train, I was completely lost in the world of science. The exhibition is informative as well as interesting.\"Anita Gupta, a teacher said, \"For children, the science expo on wheels is a fun learning experience unlike reading a book in which children get bored. Best part is the train arouses interest of children in science.\" Even college students get the chance to learn something new. Devika Mathur, a student of MSc in environment science, said, \"I was amazed to see the exhibition as I learned many new things. It was an interactive exhibition.\" She added she liked the model in which old plastic bottles were turned into artificial cotton after recycling and the cotton was reprocessed into fleece.The train is a collaborative initiative of Department of Science and Technology and Ministry of Forest and Environment. In the city, it was inaugurated by principal secretary of forest and environment, UP and chairman of UP State Biodiversity Board, VN Garg. \"The Indian Railways have charged the ministry Rs 11 crore as cost of the train tickets,\" said Garg.It will be stationed at Charbagh station till November 10. The visit is free and open between 10am and 5pm .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17137496", "title": "Indo-US ties: No bumpy ride ahead", "text": "NEW DELHI: Barack Obama's victory augurs well for India as he has undergone a positive transformation in his understanding of key issues facing the nation, believes India's diplomatic community. That more than 70% of Indian-Americans voted for Obama in swing states indicates their confidence in him.Former foreign secretary Shyam Saran said India welcomed Obama's second term with greater reassurance and confidence. Experts said they believe the election wouldn't affect India's policies in its neighbourhood. \"Considering there's bipartisan consensus in the US about developing good ties with India, even a Romney win wouldn't have changed anything. I don't see any problem on our policies in the neighbourhood or our Look East policy,\" former diplomat G Parthasarathy said. He added, \"I think we'll have to wait until the next secretary of state is appointed. We don't want anybody with too many innovative ideas.\"Former foreign secretary Kanwal Sibal believes Obama's transformation into a evolved politician and his less militaristic attitude is a welcome news. \"Obama is better for us. His views on Kashmir, Pakistan's support to terrorism and China are positive for us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17136201", "title": "Society of Pilar bags state cultural award for 2010-2011", "text": "PANAJI: \"Talent needs proper recognition and appreciation. A person may have the qualities a poet, an actor or a singer hidden within him, waiting to be explored or discovered. He blossoms only with the appreciation and encouragement of others in society,\" said governor Bharat Vir Wanchoo at the Goa State Cultural Awards ceremony at Kala Academy in Panaji on Wednesday.Wanchoo said, \"Goa is a great repository of varied cultural forms. There is a growing interest in the promotion of various forms of art. This is also a sign of the growth and development of the people and the state and indeed a sign of maturity.\". He also expressed concern over the loss of extremely talented and versatile artists in the last 10 to 15 years and stressed the need to nurture and promote fresh talent, particularly from the younger generation.The Goa State Cultural Awards are presented to eminent personalities and one cultural institution each year for their contribution to the fields of literature, music, drama, tiatr, folk art, bhajan and crafts.The award recipients for the year 2009-2010 included Ramesh Sukhatankar and Emiliano D'Cruz (music), Prakash Padgaonkar, Vasanti Nadkarni and Mario Cabral e Sa (Lliterature), Paresh Joshi and Vinay Surlakar (drama), Titta Preto (tiatr), Zilu Harmalkar (visual art) and Gopinath Valke and Kamlakant Volvoikar (bhajan) while the Society of Pilar bagged the state award for the year 2010-2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bankura", "code": "17135923", "title": "Land agitation stalls MLA team", "text": "BANKURA: Hundreds of landlosers barricaded an assembly petition committee of 13 MLAs and stopped them from entering a private coal mining project in Borjora in Raniganj on Wednesday.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had inaugurated the coal mining project earlier this year but Wednesday's agitation proves that trouble is brewing here, too, just like the Birbhum clash a day earlier.The assembly team, headed by CPM MLA Debolina Hembram, is on a four-day visit to the Raniganj coalfield area. The agitators stopped them at the gates of Trans Damodar Coal Mines Ltd, a private firm engaged in excavation of the Borjora mines of West Bengal Mineral Development Corporation Limited.The mob alleged that they had all been displaced by the acquisition of 694 acres of land for the project. Tinku Mondal, former Trinamool Congress pradhan of Borjora panchayat and president of the land-loser committee, said though that the company had promised schools, a hospital, metalled roads, drinking water and sanitation projects, no development project has taken place. Their plight has only worsened after the firm started excavating, he said.Kartik Bhuiyan, another leader of the protesters, alleged that police lathicharged their \"peaceful agitation\". Three of the protesters were arrested. Bankura police claimed that they were forced to use lathis because the agitators hurled stones and bricks at them.Para MLA Umapada Bauri, a member of the assembly committee, directed the Bankura administration and Trans Damodar Coal Mines Limited authority to sort out the differences. Debolina Hembram said that the panel will submit a detail observation report to the state government after returning to Kolkata.The mine has more than 48 million tonnes of high grade coal, say sources. All these coal blocks, allotted by the central government a few years ago, have come under the scanner for the alleged coal block allotment scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17136713", "title": "Consumer bodies want debate on VAT", "text": "PUNE: Consumer interest organizations have invited city builders and developers for a public debate on Value Added Tax being imposed on residences purchased between June 2006 and March 2010.The organizations, Grahak Hitawardhini, Grahak Panchayat and Sajag Nagarik Manch, have chosen to debate the issue as the state government has not moved from its stand on VAT. The issue has become all the more significant as developers have begun the process of paying VAT to the government and recovering it from the customers.The three organisations sent a joint statement to Satish Magar, president of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India (Pune) on Monday, inviting developers to a public debate.The letter also said that experts such as chartered accountants, sales tax practitioners and retired judges will be invited to guide the debate and an attempt will be made to find a solution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17135473", "title": "Veerappan film: HC notice to wife on plea to lift stay", "text": "CHENNAI: More than eight years after he was gunned down, a film based on forest brigand Veerappan's life is mired in controversies and litigation. On Wednesday, the Madras high court issued a notice to his wife Muthulakshmi, on an appeal filed by a film producer who has been restrained by a city court from releasing the bilingual film.Veerappan was shot dead on October 19, 2004 by the special task force formed to hunt for him. Justice R S Ramanathan, issuing notice returnable by November 15, directed the producer and the film laboratory to submit details of the film scenes concerned.The matter relates to the film -- 'Vana Yuddham' in Tamil and 'Attahasa' in Kannada -- produced by Akshaya Creations of Bangalore. Muthulakshmi approached the IV additional sessions court here seeking to restrain the producer from releasing the film. She contended that the film was produced without her consent and that it depicted her husband in bad taste. She said the film would affect her cases pending before various courts. On September 26, the court stayed the film's release.Aggrieved by the order, the production house and director A M R Ramesh filed an appeal saying that the life story of Veerappan had been published in magazines and that the film was only a work of fiction based on admitted facts available in public domain. Noting that the sessions court's order was against the principles of law, they said necessary certifications had been obtained under the provisions of the Cinematograph Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17136383", "title": "Geetika Sharma suicide case: Gopal Kanda's aide records statement", "text": "NEW DELHI: An aide of former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda, who was being interrogated by Delhi Police in the ex-air hostess Geetika Sharma suicide case, recorded his statement before a court here on Wednesday, after he expressed his wish to be a witness in the case.Kanda's firm MDLR employee Chanshivroop recorded his statement before a magisterial court a day after he made a plea to depose as a witness in the case.Delhi Police said that Chanshivroop, assistant manager with MDLR, was the person who had gone to Dubai where Geetika was working with Emirates Airlines and told its officials that she had secured a job with MDLR on the basis of fake and forged documents.The prosecution had also alleged that he had sent fake e-mails to Geetika informing her about extradition proceedings against her in Dubai to pressurise her to join back MDLR.Chanshivroop gave his statement under the provisions of section 164 of CrPC for recording of confessions and statements a day after he was allowed by additional chief metropolitan magistrate D K Jangala to appear before a magisterial court for the same.He had moved the court saying he wishes to depose as a witness in the case. Police had said it had no objection to his deposing as witness.In its charge sheet filed against Kanda and co-accused Aruna Chaddha on October 6, police had said that it will file a supplementary charge sheet as they are still ascertaining the role of Chanshivroop, who, it said, had sent the forged e-mail to Geetika about the alleged extradition proceedings against her in Dubai and also kept a tab on her in the Gulf country.Both Kanda and Chaddha have been accused of abetting the suicide by Geetika Sharma.Geetika was found dead on August 5 at her Ashok Vihar residence in North West Delhi. In her August 4 suicide note, the 23-year-old victim had said that she was ending her life due to \"harassment\" by Kanda and Chaddha.Delhi Police has chargesheeted the duo for allegedly committing offences under section 306 (abetment to suicide), 120 B (criminal conspiracy), 506 (criminal intimidation), 201 (destruction of evidence), 467 (forgery of valuable security), 468 (forgery with intention to cheat), 469 (forgery with intention to harm reputation) and 471 (using forged documents as genuine) of the Indian Penal Code.They have also been booked under section 66 of the Information Technology Act which deals with hacking of computers. PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17137709", "title": "Maoist held in Garhwa, weapons seized", "text": "GARHWA: Ranka police of Garhwa district arrested a Maoist member along with arms and ammunition from Barahara forest in a raid conducted jointly by CoBRA and district police jawans. \"The operation was led by Ranka police station officer in-charge Binay Prasad Mandal,\" Garhwa SP Michael Raj S told media persons here on Wednesday. The SP said that the arrested Maoist, Toofani alias Birendra Singh Kherwar, is one of the two Maoist members who was involvaed in an encounter with the police in Premnagar forest at Bisrampur village under Ranka police station area on November 2.Police have also recovered two 3.15 rifles, one DBBL gun, one pistol and a number of unused cartridges that included twelve 9mm, ten 3.15 and nine 12 bore cartridges from Kherwar, which he had kept hidden in the forest, the SP said. Kherwar had joined the CPI (Maoist) three years ago and was associated with the armed squad of Bada Vikas, a senior Maoist leader. He fled from the outfit after the encounter. Hailing from Manpur village under the Ranka police station, Kherwar was involved in many encounters with the security forces in Bhandaria and Garu (Palamu district). He was also involved in the incident of Saphi river bridge at Kurun village, 30 km from Bhandaria block headquarters, in which two workers of a contractor were thrashed by the Maoist rebels on October 30. The rebels had also stalled the construction of Saphi river bridge, the SP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17136917", "title": "Cop unaware of Act, delays filing of FIR against accused", "text": "BHOPAL: In an interesting event that has come to light, a law enforcing officer has pleaded ignorance about the existence of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses Act and declined to register the FIR against the accused.This came to fore during a hearing in a special bench of the child's panel on Wednesday when a thana in charge of a neighbouring district pleaded ignorance about the provisions of the act in a child sexual abuse case.An inspector from Shamsabad in Vidisha was summoned by the state commission for protection of child rights (SCPCR) at a special bench on Wednesday in connection to a sexual abuse case of two cousin brothers staying in a residential school by their school principal Rupesh Arya.SCPCR chairperson Usha Chaturvedi said, \"This is the first time that a case falling under the act was heard. The cousins approached the commission on November 3 after the police declined to register an FIR in the case.The SCPCR had then directed the thana in charge Shamsabad to immediately register an FIR as per the provisions of the act.\"The cop from Shamsabad, Rajveer Singh Kushwaha appeared before the commission on Wednesday and pleaded ignorance about the provisions of the act. He was also provided with a copy of the act.A case has now been registered under section 377 of the IPC (unnatural offences) and the medical examination of the children has also been done. But the commission was displeased by the fact that the examination happened four days after the incident.\"The police personnel has been instructed to nab the absconding principal Arya within two days. Also, it would be probed whether the accused holds any recorded objectionable material involving children. He was caught in a pornographic films racket back in 2006, hence the possibility needs to be explored,\" said Chaturvedi.In all, 22 cases were heard at the special bench of the commission on Wednesday. The bench comprised chairperson Usha Chaturvedi and members R H Lata, Vibhanshu Joshi, Reeta Upamanyu and Asha Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17135729", "title": "Baby unhurt after dad throws him from railway overbridge", "text": "PUNE: Passersby watched in horror as a man threw his seven-month-old baby boy, whome he was holding in his arms, from the railway overbridge near the Pimpri station on Wednesday afternoon. However, the baby, Shubham, was miraculously unhurt even though he landed on the stones on the railway tracks below.Doctors at the government-run Yashwantrao Chavan Memorial Hospital said they ran a series of tests on Shubham, including an X-ray and a CT-scan, but found no internal or external injuries.The father, Datta alias Yuvraj Deshmukh (29), was soundly thrashed by the public after he threw Shubham onto the tracks. Some people even threatened to throw him off the overbridge. A traffic policeman intervened and took Deshmukh to the Pimpri police chowky in an autorickshaw.The police said Deshmukh, who is unemployed, had had a quarrel with his wife, Shubhangi, at their house in Ambedkar Colony on River Road in Pimpri. He picked up Shubham and went to the overbridge, shouting that he would throw him onto the tracks below. Many said they tried their best to stop Deshmukh but he was in no mood to listen. He also threatened Shubhangi, who had followed him, not to come near him.Shubham was picked up by a man crossing the tracks and taken to hospital with the help of a traffic constable.Speaking to TOI, police sub-inspector L M Sonawane said Deshmukh has a son from an earlier marriage. He told the police that he was unhappy with Shubhangi for not taking care of his older son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17137328", "title": "Birth of stars has gone down by 97%", "text": "LONDON: Cosmic GDP crashes! Astronomers have discovered that the rate of formation of new stars in the Universe has drastically reduced to only 1/30th of its peak and that this decline is set to continue.In the largest-of-its-kind study ever, scientists carried out the most complete survey ever made of star-forming galaxies at different distances, with around ten times the data of any previous effort.With the range of distances, the time taken for the light to reach us means that we see identically selected galaxies at different periods in the history of the Universe.By looking at the light from clouds of gas and dust in these galaxies where stars are forming, scientists led by David Sobral of the University of Leiden in the Netherlands, were able to assess the rate at which stars are being born.They found that the production of stars in the Universe has been continuously declining over the last 11 billion years, being 30 times lower today than at its likely peak, 11 billion years ago.\"You might say that the Universe has been suffering from a long, serious \"crisis\" : cosmic GDP output is now only 3% of what it used to be at the peak in star production!\" Sobral said in a statement. \"If the measured decline continues, then no more than 5% more stars will form over the remaining history of the cosmos, even if we wait forever,\" he said.The accepted model for the evolution of the Universe suggests that stars began to form about 13.4 billion years ago, or around three hundred million years after the Big Bang.Many of these first stars are thought to have been monsters by today's standards, and were probably hundreds of times more massive than our Sun. Much of the dust and gas from stellar explosions was (and still is) recycled to form newer and newer generations of stars.Our Sun, for example, is thought to be a third generation star, and has a very typical mass by today's standards. But regardless of their mass and properties, stars are key ingredients of galaxies like our own Milky Way. The research suggests that we live in a Universe dominated by old stars.Half of these were born in the 'boom' that took place between 11 and 9 billion years ago and it took more than five times as long to produce the rest. The study was published in the journal Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17136355", "title": "Man electrocuted: HPGCL orders probe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana Power Generation Corporation Limited (HPGCL) on Wednesday ordered probe into the circumstances that led to the electrocution of an employee, who was working at under maintenance unit 5 of Panipat's thermal power plant. Preliminary investigations have not ruled out human error as one of the reason behind Tuesday's incident.HPGCL managing director Anurag Agarwal said superintending engineer A K Sood will conduct the probe and submit report within a week. He said the power utility had already announced a relief of Rs 5 lakh for the family of Rambhaj and also ensured a compensatory job for the next of kin.Authorities said thermal unit had been out of operation for the past several days as it was under maintenance. They said Rambhaj got electrocuted during a flash, which could not have happened on its own. Two others were singed at the 210MW unit-5 which even caused \"sparks and flashes\" in the unit. Other two other employees, who had sustained injuries, were rushed to a private hospital and are still undergoing treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135329", "title": "Delhi dengue count reaches 1,288", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dengue cases in the capital rose to 1,288 on Wednesday, with 39 more people testing positive for the mosquito-borne disease, official data said.Of the new cases, 15 were reported from areas of North Delhi Municipal Corporation, 14 from South Delhi Municipal Corporation, eight from East Delhi Municipal Corporation, and two from New Delhi Municipal Council.The South Delhi Municipal Corporation has reported 482 dengue cases this year \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the highest among all civic agencies. There have been three deaths so far this season.A nine month old child, resident of Dayanand Colony in Gurgaon, died of suspected dengue at Sir Ganga Ram hospital on Saturday. Hospital authorities said that the child was referred from a private hospital in Gurgaon a day before. \"When he came to us, his liver, kidney were already severely infected and the platelet count was dangerously low. We could not save the child despite all efforts,\" said Dr K Chugh, head of the pediatrics department at Sir Ganga Ram hospital.\"Usually, the dengue cases drop with the onset of winter which is not the case this year. We are getting two to three suspected cases even now,\" said Dr S Chatterjee, senior consultant internal medicine at Apollo hospital.South corporation has reported 482 dengue cases this year \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the highest among all civic agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17136171", "title": "I\u00e2\u20ac\u2122m not here to stay forever: Botsa", "text": "HYDERABAD: PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana on Wednesday said that nobody would hold forever the posts of chief minister and PCC president. \"We have to quit whenever the party high command wants,\" he told the media. Botsa's remark assumes significance as it was made in the backdrop of the rumours in the party circles about a possible change of guard in the state, both at the government and party level. Criticising the media for spreading rumours about change of leadership, Botsa said, \"As on today, I am PCC president and Kiran Kumar Reddy is chief minister.\"He expressed his displeasure over a section of the media for going overboard about the change of chief minister and PCC president. \"The media reports are strengthening the belief of the party MLAs in the rumours,\" he said.He said the decision to appointment him and Kiran Kumar Reddy to top posts was made by the party president. \"We are not elected to these posts. The chief minister and I were appointed to discharge these duties by the party leadership. If Sonia Gandhi wants, we have to go,\" he admitted.When asked why the party MLAs from Telangana urged Sonia Gandhi not to change the chief minister, Botsa said he was not aware of the issue. \"They are getting influenced by the media campaign. They may have urged the party president not to effect any change in the leadership,\" he said.Meanwhile, Botsa appointed in-charge Congress presidents for six districts and three city Congress committees instead of permanent chiefs. They are: MLC V Rambhupal Reddy (Medak), N Narendra Yadav, DCCB vice-president (Srikakulam), Karanam Dharmasri (Visakhapatnam), A Rajasekhar Reddy (Chittoor), Makkena Mallikarujuna Rao (Guntur) Donthi Madhav Reddy (Warangal), William Harry (Kakinada), Nakka Sri Naresh (Rajahmundry), Adapa Nagendra Rao Prasad, president, and Meesala Rajeswara Rao, working president (Vijayawada).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135656", "title": "Congress slams BJP for clean chit to Nitin Gadkari", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Wednesday said BJP's clean chit to its chief Nitin Gadkari over suspect business practices was evidence of its \"double standards\" on corruption, piling on the saffron misery triggered by in-house revolt against the president.I&B; minister Manish Tewari said, \"This is a strange process and an incredible mechanism in which the informer, investigator and the judge is the same.\" The remark referred to the meeting of BJP leaders that examined the allegations against Gadkari and gave him a clean chit on Tuesday.Tewari called the 'clean chit' similar to the methods adopted by India Against Corruption which too \"prefer to exonerate themselves when questions are asked of them\".The Congress bid to latch on to BJP's woes appears part of a calculated strategy. The party realizes that the Gadkari issue has put the graft focus on the rival, giving a respite to UPA that has been at the receiving end of scams for over an year. However, BJP is not in a position to eject Gadkari from its top post because of his RSS backing.With sections of BJP questioning Gadkari's moral authority after allegations of suspect business practices, Congress thinks it can level the rival's high ground on graft issue.AICC spokesperson Renuka Chowdhury too accused BJP of \"double standards\", adding, \"BJP has to answer about this. The people who constantly targeted the prime minister are now indulging in doublespeak.\"Rubbing it in, Chowdhury suggested there was a factional war within the opposition party which reflected in the confrontation over Gadkari. With noted lawyer Ram Jethmalani's letter seeking Gadkari's resignation starting the controversy, she suggested that resistance to the demand at Tuesday's meeting came from leaders aligned with the RSS. \"This is a divide between RSS and non-RSS members of the BJP,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17137130", "title": "India comes home to New Accountant General Colony", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Mini India nestles right here in the city. The New AG Colony is home to people from seven states making it more of a commune than a colony. All residents work in the office of Accountant General (AG) from which the colony gets its name.There are people from Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, West Bengal, Karnataka, Bihar and Kerala residing in the settlement for the past several years. \"We live like a family and celebrate special occasions such as festivals and family functions with people in the colony,\" said T Kranti Kumar, a resident and senior auditor in the AG office.There are 800 quarters in the colony sprawling across 22 acres and surrounded by greenery. During the day, the colony wears a near deserted look with all men attending office and women keeping indoors for household work. Only small children can be found playing roaming around in the gardens. \"Since there is fixed time for office-goers, the colony is deserted from 10 am to 5 pm. But it comes to life during the evening with the hustle and bustle setting in. We make most of our evenings,\" said Sulochana Prusty, a housewife.The colony has one nursery school and three temples. People of all faiths visit the temples. All residents take part in Durga puja, Kali puja or Dola purnima or Kumar Purnima celebrations even though these are the major festivals of Odias and Bengalis. \"We organize festivals factoring in all residents. Very soon we are going to celebrate Kali puja, which will be a grand celebration. We get contribution from all and have a fund for all such occasions,\" said Satya Narayan Mishra, secretary of resident committee. The people of the colony also cook delicacies on government holidays and share them with their neighbours.The people living here are also very attached to this settlement. A resident, who has been staying here for the last 20 years, said his father too was living in the same colony. \"My father took pride in the colony's culture and unity. When I also joined the AG office, I got a quarter here. My joy knew no bounds that day,\" said Alok Rajat Kumar Hans, who works as an assistant audit officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17137214", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcHumiliated\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 sweeper writes to education director", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The controversy over Rajendra College principal making casteist remarks against a sweeper deepened on Wednesday with regional director of higher education Gangadhar Mishra receiving letters of allegations against the principal from the aggrieved sweeper. Mishra visited the college on Wednesday, but refused to comment on the purpose of the visit.While admitting that he received letters from Debraj Barik, the sweeper, Mishra said he could not comment on the incident until the government engaged a competent authority to look into the matter. He said, \"After going through the letters I have come to know the stances of both the parties \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the sweeper, who claims to have been victimized, and the principal, who claims to have taken right decision by suspending him. Only if the government empowers me to look into the matter, I can comment on it.\" The regional director visited the college. However the purpose of his visit is not known.Sweeper Debraj Barik had alleged that principal Rajlakshmi Mishra had made casteist remarks against him when he touched an idol of Ganesh at the college.Police have registered an SC/ST atrocity case against the principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17136442", "title": "8-day Punjab Youth Festival kicks off at Lahore", "text": "CHANDIGARH: India and Pakistan wrote another chapter in the history of strengthening of Indo-Pak sports relations as Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal and chief minister of Pakistan's Punjab, Shahbaz Sharif , jointly inaugurated an 8-day Punjab Youth Festival-2012 and Dosti Cup for deaf and dumb teams, in Lahore on Wednesday.Speaking on the occasion, Badal said he had been making efforts since last year to promote traditional games, especially between India and Pakistan, and described sports as the most effective confidence building measure. \"The two World Cup Kabaddi tournaments organized by Punjab government have reiterated the resolve of people of both countries to regain the glory of traditional games of Asia and make collective efforts in this regard,\" he said.He said that his five-day visit to Pakistan was aimed at strengthening trade, commerce and sports relations between the two countries and said that Dosti Cup would bring India and Pakistan together to hone their sports talents.Shahbaz Sharif, CM of Pakistan's Punjab, said that he was so enthused by the initiatives that he would personally go as chief guest to the third edition of the ensuing World Cup Kabaddi to be held in Bathinda on December 15, 2012. He also said that the joint business committee constituted by the Punjabs would boost trade and commerce through Wagah border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17138185", "title": "Miscreants take away cash from govt nurse", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In a broad daylight incident, two unidentified armed motor cycle borne miscreants robbed of Rs 60, 000 cash from a government nurse near medical college crossing under Georgetown police station, here on Wednesday.The incident, according to police, took place when the victim was on her way to house after withdrawing money from the bank. Police said the victim was targeted by robbers when she was on her way back by a rickshaw and the miscreants snatched the bag containing amount.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17136809", "title": "Woman injured in acid attack", "text": "BHOPAL: A married woman received burns in her face when she was attacked with acid by a youth in Narsinghpur district on Wednesday evening. The victim identified as Pramila Chadhar, 35, a resident of Gadarwara, received serious burns.Police sources said one Sandeep alias Guddu is the prime suspect in the attack. He escaped from the spot after the incident.Pramila's husband had died a few months ago. After that Sandeep had got friendly to her, sources said.But they recently had a row. Sandeep works with a liquor contractor. The Gadarwara police have registered a case and are interrogating him in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17138141", "title": "Video theatre owner killed, set on fire", "text": "SURAT: A charred body of a 47-year-old video theatre owner was found on Simada Road in the city on Wednesday. Police suspect that Girish Vasova, who lived at Vrajbhumi residential complex in Kapodra, was first murdered and then his body was set on fire.On seeing a burning body on the roadside, a passer-by called up police emergency control that led to personnel from Kamrej police station rushing to the spot.Sources said that Vasova had left home around 7.30 pm on Tuesday evening on the pretext of purchasing pan masala but had not returned. Owner of two video theatres Khushi and Khushali, he is believed to have been murdered during the night and his body was brought to Simada Road and set on fire.\"We found marks of external injuries on his face and head. His mouth was stuffed with cotton,\" said police inspector C N Huda. His body was sent for postmortem and forensic experts carried out a spot analysis.Police assume that business rivalry or personal enmity could be the reason behind the murder. Statements of his employees and family members are being recorded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17137162", "title": "Plan for Kabini Bridge development falls flat", "text": "MYSORE: Your dream to spend a night on a railway coach on the old Kabini Bridge will remain just that as the state government has dropped the plan.The railways proposed the Rs 25-crore project in association with the Maharaja of Mysore to conserve and develop the 277-year-old bridge near Mysore as a tourist spot.Earlier, the railways sought the help of corporate houses for sustainable development of abandoned railway structures across the country which have heritage value. The railways proposed a restaurant and a heritage gallery in the metre-gauge coaches to be located on the Kabini bridge, besides developing colourful amusement play-stations for children.The Restaurant on Wheels was to feature saloons of the Maharaja and Maharani which are exhibited at various rail museums in the country. It was also supposed to have a lounge, gymnasium, lounge, spa and ayurvedic therapy centre.Also, fast-food centres with an ethnic touch were planned along the track. Souvenir shops, handicraft centres and an environment education centre were proposed to make Kabini Bridge a full-fledged tourist spot. Senior divisional commercial manager South Western Railway (SWR) Anup Dayanand Sadhu said the total cost of the project was Rs 25 crore and it was supposed to be on a 50-50 sharing basis between the railways and the state government. However, the state government declined to invest half the money as a result of which the entire plan was dropped. The railways are yet to chalk out further plans for the bridge, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17136500", "title": "LeT operative\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s trial begins", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nampally Metropolitan criminal court on Wednesday commenced the trial of alleged Lashkar-e-Taiba operative Mohammed Zia-ul-Haq in a case of waging a war against the government.On the first day two witnesses were examined.Since its formation this is the first case registered and investigated by National Investigation Agency (NIA) in Andhra Pradesh with RC No.08-2010/NIA-DLI.On May 4, 2010 Bhavani Nagar police have arrested Mohammed Zia-u-Haq an alleged LeT operator from Eidi Bazaar area of Old city and seized two Chinese-make grenades, a 7.4 mm pistol with six live rounds and a cell phone from him.A native of Khanapur in Adilabad district, Zia was working as a cab driver in the city. On July 22, 2010 the case was handed over to the newly formed NIA. The elite investigating agency filed a charge sheet against him.NIA claimed that Zia was earlier involved in throwing a hand grenade in a theater in RTC X roads in 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17137871", "title": "SC sees 'nexus' between Maran and Maxis in Aircel takeover", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday said the Central Bureau of Investigation's probe into the allegations in Aircel-Maxis deal involving former telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran and a Malaysian business tycoon \"prima facie indicates a nexus\".Maran has been accused of \"forcing\" Chennai-based telecom promoter C Sivasankaran to sell the stake in Aircel to Malaysian firm Maxis Group, owned by Kuala Lumpur-based T Ananda Krishnan, in 2006.A bench of justices G S Singhvi and K S Radhakrishnan, which perused two reports filed in a sealed cover by the CBI, said, \"The allegations levelled and investigations prima facie indicates a nexus.\"The CBI told the court that domestic investigations into the deal were complete but the overseas probe was being delayed as the \"gentleman in Malaysia\" was \"powerful politically\".Malaysia probe vital to nail case: CBIThe CBI on Wednesday told the Supreme Court that the Malaysia line of probe into the Aircel-Maxis deal was crucial to nail \"quid pro quo involved\" in Maxis' investment in Sun Direct, owned by then telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran's family.NGO Centre for Public Interest Litigation had told the court that after Aircel was taken over by Maxis, Sun TV received substantial investment from Maxis Group, which took 20% equity in Sun Direct.The agency submitted before a bench of justices G S Singhvi and K S Radhakrishnan that overseas probe was important to track the money trail as the funds for the deal had come through Mauritius. \"We want to show the link on the source of money to show the quid-pro-quo involved in the deal,\" the agency's counsel K K Venugopal submitted. \"We have... to complete the investigation about the deal in Malaysia and Mauritius. Letters Rogatory have been sent to those countries. The gentleman in Malaysia who is involved in it is economically powerful and he is also powerful politically,\" he said without taking names, while reading from the CBI's fresh progress report on its investigation into the 2G spectrum scam.The bench said that if there was any effort by the \"powerful or influential\" or if the CBI was working under any influence, then \"this must be stopped\". The agency said that the attorney general of Mauritius was fully cooperating and hoped it would get the support of the Indian high commission.At this, the bench said, \"We have found from your report that the attorney general of Mauritius has fully cooperated and the high commission must also support. Union of India is also a party and if you have any problem at the part of the high commission then we would pass an order for this.\"After hearing the CBI, the bench said it wanted to see the investigation completed as early as possible so that it can start day-to-day hearing from January next year.The agency in July 2011 had placed a status report stating that the Malaysian firm was favoured by Maran and was granted licence within six months after taking over Aircel in December 2006. Maran was the telecom minister between February 2004 and May 2007. \"The gentleman (promoter of Aircel) had been knocking at various doors but was left with no choice but to sell his shares to a Malaysian firm,\" the CBI had said.An NGO, Centre for Public Interest Litigation, had earlier placed documents before the apex court on the alleged role of Maran in favouring Maxis group. The NGO had alleged that Maran during his tenure as telecom minister granted 14 licences to Aircel which invested Rs 599.01 crore in his family-owned business. He allegedly delayed the award of UAS licenses to Aircel which had been applying with the DoT since 2004 by raising irrelevant issues from time to time ignoring the request of Sivasankaran to resolve them, following which he sold the company to Maxis group. Sivasankaran had appeared before the CBI and had recorded his statement.The NGO claimed that after Aircel was taken over by Maxis, Maran's Sun TV received substantial investment from Maxis Group (Aircel).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17135112", "title": "Diwali: A time to indulge and splurge", "text": "GUWAHATI: Diwali is less than a week away shopping is the order of the day. City markets and malls are packed with Diwali shoppers out to buy everything from clothes, shoes, bags, accessories to dry fruits, home decor, appliances etc \u00e2\u20ac\u201d both for themselves and for gifting to family and friends. Festive splurging is on a roll and the skyrocketing prices don't seem to have had any deterrent effect on shoppers.The entire city is wearing a festive look with residential buildings, business establishments, shops, offices, shopping malls and food hubs decorated with fairy neon lights.Festivals are also a time for malls, standalone stores and sweetmeat shops to rake in huge profits and they have stepped up promotional efforts, offering discounts and special festive collections, to woo shoppers.Julie Dehinga Misra, visual merchandiser of a city shopping mall, said, \"Our new arrivals for Diwali are designer stick-on rangolis studded with stones and beads, silver-plated gift items, trendy shoes, anarkali suits, long shrugs, short jackets and designer candles.\"Diwali is all about opulence and everyone wants their home to look warm and welcoming when friends and relatives come calling. It goes without saying that lighting up your house is a must on the festival of lights. Besides the regular earthen diyas and candles, a couple of decorative designer candles studded with colourful stones or crystals go a long way in adding a special touch to your Diwali decor. Ditch the regulation crockery and serve your mithai and dry fruits in engraved, silver-plated platters.\"I have bought some designer candles this Diwali to light up my house. The prices are high but the designs are so gorgeous I couldn't stop myself from indulging in them,\" smiles Mousumi Chatterjee, a resident of Bhagaghar.What is Diwali without sweets? It's the time to indulge in syrupy gulabjamuns, ghee-laden halwas and barfis, dry fruit chikkis. The city's sweetmeat shops are working double time churning out innovative and exotic sweets for you to take back home and offer to the goddess of wealth, Lakshmi, as well as your guests. Attractively-packed sweets and dry fruits for gifting are also on offer.Besides sprucing up one's home and hearth, you must also be scanning the stores and the internet for the latest must-have trends. For women, ethnicwear is the way to go and this festive season, anarkalis have been re-invented and given a European touch. Expect to shell out anything between Rs 2,000-7,000 at a regular mall or store and Rs 17,000-25,000 if you opt for designerwear. If you prefer westernwear, fusion style-tunics and kaftans are very much in vogue.Accessorize your Diwali dress with statement earrings, cuffs or rings and crystal-studded clutches in gold, silver and other festive hues. In shoes, peeptoes, stilettos and multi-coloured ballerinas are yours for the buying for anything between Rs 700 and Rs 2,000.Ankita Bhowmick, a BBA student scourging the markets for the best deals, said, \"Festivals give one an excuse to buy the latest dresses and shoes and with so much on offer, one can't help but splurge.\"If Diwali's here, can firecrackers be far behind? Excited children can be seen flocking to shops with their parents to buy firecrackers. Besides the usual phuljharis, anars, rockets, ladi pataka and chocolate bombs, there are innovative crackers that offer a brilliant display of light, sound and colour.But do make sure children burst crackers only in the supervision of adults so this Diwali is a happy, bright and joyous one.Diwali is all about opulence and everyone wants their home to look warm and welcoming when friends and relatives come calling. It's also time to indulge in syrupy 'gulabjamuns', ghee-laden 'halwas' and 'barfis', dry fruit 'chikkis' and more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17136714", "title": "Nitish to leave for Pakistan visit on Thursday", "text": "PATNA: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar and an 11-member delegation will leave the state capital on Thursday morning for Karachi en route Dubai for his weeklong goodwill visit to Pakistan from November 9 to 16.According to the tentative programme, Nitish could meet Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari and PM Raja Parvez Ashraf during the visit. He will also visit Islamabad, Lahore and Karachi besides the archaeological sites of Mohenjodaro and Takshila, said principal secretary, cabinet coordination department Ravi Kant and IPRD principal secretary Deepak Kumar.The CM, whose tour has been finalized by the ministry of external affairs, was invited to Pakistan by an all-party parliamentary delegation that visited Bihar in August. The MPs had extended him the invitation from the Pakistan's National Assembly and Senate as well as CMs of Sindh and Punjab provinces, Ravikant said here on Wednesday.The delegation will include art, culture and youth affairs minister Sukhda Pandey, industries minister Renu Kumari Kushwaha, chief secretary A K Sinha, principal secretary, home, Amir Subhani, principal secretary to CM Anjani Kumar Singh, state minority commission chairman Naushad Ahmad, deputy chairman, Bihar legislative council, Salim Parvez, JD-U MP N K Singh, CM's secretary Atish Chandra, member, Savarn Jaati Ayog Mohammad Abbas and director, Khuda Bakhsh Oriental Library, Imtiaz Ahmad, Ravikant said.On November 10 morning, Nitish will pay tributes at the mausoleum of Pakistan's founder Muhammad Ali Jinnah in Karachi. After meeting Sindh governor Sayed Qaim Ali Shah, the Bihar CM will also address a seminar where he will share his Bihar experience. He will meet Sindh assembly speaker Nisar Ahmed Khuhro and Sindh governor Ishrat ul Ebad Khan during the visit.On November 11, the delegation will visit Indus valley site at Mohenjodaro. He will also visit the popular Sadu Bela temple. The chief minister will also address some seminars. During his visit to Punjab province, he will also visit the ancient site at Takshila, famous Katas Raj temple and Dera Sahib Gurdwara, and pay tributes at the 'samadhi' of Maharaja Ranjit Singhji.On November 16, after meeting Punjab province governor Latif Khan Khosa, the CM will proceed for Wagah border by road. The team is expected to reach Atari (India border) at around 11am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17136494", "title": "One shot dead in Azamgarh", "text": "VARANASI: A youth was shot dead by some miscreants in Gulami ka pura locality under city Kotwali police station in Azamgarh district on Tuesday night.According to reports, two miscreants on a motorcycle shot at Suraj, 25, near his residence and fled from the scene. The locals rushed him to the hospital from where he was referred to Varanasi. However, he succumbed to injuries on the way to Varanasi.A case was registered against three persons and the police have arrested one of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17136520", "title": "Osmania varsity on the boil over PhD aspirant\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s suicide", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hundreds of students from Osmania University shouted slogans and took to the streets on Wednesday after a PhD aspirant hanged himself, which demonstrators claimed was against the delay in formation of a separate Telangana state, an issue which has seen several deaths over it in the past three years in the state.Riot police lobbed several rounds of tear gas shells and stun grenades to disperse angry students, who marched out of the university campus for the first time in two years late on Wednesday, and pelted stones at the waiting policemen on their way to the Clock Tower at Secunderabad.Students belonging to the Osmania University Students' Joint Action Committee also disrupted classes in the sprawling campus and called a one-day strike in the region to protest the death of B Santosh Kumar, who was found hanging from a tree near the Arts College on the campus early on Wednesday morning, witnesses said.The agitators also damaged two RTC buses at Ramanthapur.Police said a suicide note found on Kumar stated that he was ending his life as the government was not giving in to demands of separate statehood.But his family members said Santosh Kumar, who visited his parents in distant Adilabad district about 15 days ago, only discussed academics and jobs.\"He sounded very cheerful and he did not seem to have any interest in the Telangana agitation or any political affiliations,\" Anita Seshuni, sister-in-law of Santosh told reporters.He was preparing for the AP Public Service Commission examination and was staying at university's B-hostel. Police said they were still inquiring into his death.Santosh Kumar had applied for PhD in geology at the Osmania University after completing his MSc and BEd in a private college at Suryapet in Nalgonda district.All scheduled examinations in educational institutions across Hyderabad were cancelled by authorities anticipating trouble as a result of the protest which gathered steam gradually through the day.Late on Wednesday, the students placed Kumar's body in a van and drove towards the Clock Tower to hold a rally protesting the death and voice their concerns about inaction over formation of Telangana. After 10 minutes, the family took the body to Adilabad, while protesters stayed on, shouting anti-government slogans.Since 2009, at least 473 students (out of 863 total deaths ) have killed themselves protesting against the delay in formation of a separate Telangana.\"The government should give a call to students not to commit suicide,\" M Krishank, spokesman of the Telangana Students' Joint Action Committee said, echoing thoughts of several other students.From early morning, police had sealed off the Osmania University campus by putting up barricades and diverted traffic off Tarnaka crossing and stopped anyone from entering the area.Forces in full riot gear were deployed and baton-wielding policemen urged students to remain calm and not resort to any sort of violence.Students demanding that they be allowed to carry out a rally with the body in tow, refused to allow a post-mortem examination of the deceased student.Since the body was brought down, a pandal was set up in front of Arts College where the body was kept. Several student leaders sat around the body and sang songs about Telangana.A few of them, including M Kodandaram, TJAC convenor and Balladeer Gaddar of Telangana Praja Front, gave speeches at the pandal, motivating students for the cause, but also discouraged them from taking extreme steps like suicide.Posters of the body hanging from the tree with excerpts from the suicide note were put up at OU and EFLU campuses.Students shouted slogans like 'Telangana Saadhistam' (We will accomplish Telangana) and the entire Arts college was resonating with cries of \"Amara Veerulaku Johar Johar\" (long live the martyrs).This is the third student death this year over the Telangana issue.In June this year, B Naidu, a student killed himself in Warangal district, blaming authorities for delay in T formation, while another student Raj Reddy, died last month, succumbing to injuries he sustained in a clash between police and pro-Telangana supporters in Medak.But OU students have vowed to step up their demonstration at a time when Telangana Rashtra Samithi was holding its two-day plenary session at Karimnagar to work out its 2014 poll strategy, which will largely revolve around Telanagana.As soon as news of the suicide spread, hundreds of students came out of their hostels and classes and raised slogans.Police managed to secure Kumar's body and could conduct a post-mortem only after his parents arrived at the university in the afternoon.The weeping parents were immediately surrounded by students and journalists. But once the post-mortem was over, the students immediately announced they would take out a rally, while policemen deployed in the area kept close watch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17137105", "title": "6 suspected of dengue in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Six patients are suspected to have been infected with dengue following primary tests conducted by private hospitals in Nashik.The blood samples of the patients have been sent to the National Institute of Virology, Pune. The initial reports of the patients have shown positive results but doctors have said that unless the final reports come from Pune they could not be sure of the outcome.Currently, the patients have been given necessary drugs and treatment as precautionary measures. The six patients were admitted to hospital on Monday. Sanket Pagare (12), a resident of Jethwan Nagar, Shalaka Thate (16) from Jaibhavani Road, Akshaya Pawar (22), a medical student residing in Gardens Estate (Jaibhavani Road) and Anupama Pitale (44) from Jagtap Mala have been admitted in Suman Hospital at Jaibhavani Road. Nisha Jadhav (18), a resident of Jachak Nagar and Prashant Tile (38) from Mohagaon near Palse, have been admitted to Jairam Hospital and Sai Shraddha Hospital, respectively, at Jaibhavani Road.Tile had a chronic viral infection and was first admitted on November 1 for two days following which he was re-admitted on Monday. Civil Hospital sources said that currently they didn't have a single case of dengue at their hospital.Doctors have said that a virology laboratory in the city would solve a lot of issues with regard to logistics, time and money. The civic administration has, reportedly, already begun discussions regarding setting up the laboratory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17135831", "title": "Adulterated sweets flood shops before Diwali", "text": "GURGAON: With Diwali just round the corner, sweet makers in Gurgaon are working overtime to stock sweets to meet the rising demand. But the seizure of adulterated milk and milk products by the health department in the adjoining areas, from where milk is procured, has left people apprehensive about buying traditional sweets.Aneesha Jain, a resident of Sector 51, said adulteration in sweets is very high especially during the festive season, posing threat of food poisoning, allergy and other ailments therefore she preferred to buy branded sweets. She said despite provision of strict action against adulterators, huge quantities of adulterated milk products including ghee, khoya, mawa and others are seized by district authorities during festive season every year.Another resident said that most of the offenders are let off by the police without any strict punishment, leaving the menace unchecked. \"The Gurgaon administration is yet to take any concrete steps to curb food adulteration which also includes flour and oil apart from milk.A renowned sweet merchant says, \"Every year during Diwali and Holi, tonnes of adulterated and artificial sweets are seized from all over the country, including Delhi and NCR.\"In order to make huge profit margins, local traders and sweet makers use substandard products, leaving consumers vulnerable to ailments like vomiting, food poisoning, stomach aches and infections. Not only sweets are adulterated but also chemicals and artificial colours and aluminium is used in the sweets.Another sweet vendor said the more attractive sweet looks, more are the chances of its being prepared with adulterated material.Some sweets appear very bright in colour while others are excessively decorated, these should be avoided as such chemicals are extremely harmful for the body.Citing some tricks by which consumer can easily detect whether the khoya and silver foil used in the product is not adulterated, he said if you rub khoya or any milk product on your palm, it should leave oil and if doesn't then it is indication of adulteration.Similarly, rub the silver foil on your palm and if it sticks to your hand then it is aluminium not silver as claimed by sweet makers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17136097", "title": "Sanjivani factory's sugarcane crushing season kicks off", "text": "PONDA: The fortieth sugarcane crushing season at the Sanjivani Sahakari Sakhar Karkhana (Sanjivani cooperative sugar factory), at Dayanandnagar, Dharbandora, kicked off from Tuesday.The factory that produces fertilizer out of pressmud (a byproduct of the sugar industry), expects to crush about 1.5 lakh tonnes of sugarcane this season. Cooperation minister Pandurang 'Dipak' Dhavalikar kicked off the season by placing some sugarcane in the machine. He said farm mud on each sugarcane gets separated and deposited in the machine during the basic process of crushing and this is referred to as pressmud.The factory has appointed an agency to collect the pressmud and produce organic fertilizer by processing it. This fertilizer will be sold to the same farmers cultivating sugarcane at 2 per kg. The agency hopes to produce about 10,000 tonnes of fertilizer this year, Dhavalikar said.He appealed to cultivators to use the drip irrigation technique for cultivation to avoid excessive watering and to use solar-powered fences to keep the crop safe from wild animals. Both are heavily subsidized by the state government. Around 1,150 cultivators supply sugarcane to the factory and the government will pay 2,400 per tonne of sugarcane purchased by the factory. Farmers will get an additional 200 per tonne of sugarcane as harvesting fee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135268", "title": "Pollution control body to raise Delhi smog concerns in Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking cognizance of the dense smog that has enveloped the city since October 28 and Delhi's steadily worsening pollution levels, the Environment Pollution Control Authority appointed by the Supreme Court has decided to take up the matter with the top court. It has summoned officials of Haryana, Punjab, Delhi and the Met department to the capital on Saturday to discuss the current and expected smog situation in the city.Sunita Narain, member, EPCA, and director, Centre for Science and Environment, said that they will be taking up three issues in court. \"Unless the number of diesel vehicles in the city is reduced, we cannot hope to have clean air. This issue specifically pertains to the central government which is not taking a stand in the matter and is playing into the hands of the automobile industry. A Rs 2 hike in price of diesel will do nothing. We need diesel vehicles taxed heavily. We will also recommend to the court that a cap on diesel vehicles in Delhi is necessary in view of the massive diesel emissions that are choking up the city's air,\" Narain said.The issue of the western peripheral expressway will also be raised. The 135-km expressway from Palwal in Haryana to Kundli on the outskirts of Delhi is meant to cater to heavy vehicles that otherwise enter the city and add to pollution levels. Narain said that after missing the December 2012 deadline, officials of Haryana and Delhi had set a new deadline for May 2013. \"However, the progress is next to nothing and the way things are moving, it won't be complete for another 10 years,\" she said.Delhi's inadequate public transport will also be taken up with the court. Narain said that against the 11,000 buses that were to be on the road by 2010, only around 6,000 had been acquired and despite phasing out of Blueline buses, the replacement of cluster buses was taking extremely long.EPCA chairman Bhurelal added that he had already written to the governments of Haryana and Punjab to immediately stop the open burning of paddy straw in the states which was adding to the smoggy conditions in Delhi. However, members said that this was only contributing to 20-25% of pollution levels in Delhi and the city had to take note of internal emissions.\"Trying to stop paddy burning in Punjab against diesel emissions by SUVs in Delhi is a toss-up between survival emissions and luxury emissions. The state government has to see that Delhi alone adds 1,100 new personal vehicles a day - double of what was added in the city in the pre-CNG period. The market share of diesel cars is more than 50% of sales and diesel emission norms legally allow higher limits for NOx and particulate emissions as compared to a petrol car,\" Narain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136099", "title": "Witnesses threatened during identification parade in jail", "text": "NAGPUR: Witnesses of the Rajendra Dupre murder case, on Wednesday, filed a complaint with the Dhantoli police station stating that they were threatened by inmates during identification parade at Nagpur central jail.The owner and editor of Marathi daily 'Deshonnati' Prakash Pohare is the prime accused in the case.The four witnesses said that the dummies standing in the line threatened them of dire consequences when they were identifying the accused in the jail in the presence of an executive magistrate.The witnesses also levelled allegations against the executive magistrate and the jail guards whom remained mute spectators when the threats were being issued in order to hinder the identification. Through a press communication, the Deshonnati Shramik Sangha has demanded stringent action against Pohare and others involved in the bid to obstruct the identification parade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17136550", "title": "846 firecrackers tested, all flout noise level norms", "text": "PUNE: All commonly available sound emitting firecrackers exceed permissible decibel levels, shows the tests conducted by the Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organisation (PESO).The organization (formerly, the department of explosives) had tested samples from 846 sound emitting firecrackers from 144 manufacturers in Sivakasi, Tamil Nadu . Sivakasi is the hub of fireworks manufacturing activities, catering to 90% of demand of the entire country.The permissible limit for a single cracker is 125 decibel and for a series of crackers 105 decibel. The samples crossed the stipulated limit in both categories. According to a Supreme Court order, no cracker may exceed 125 decibel and that chemical composition of all crackers must be displayed on the package.Some of the firecrackers tested by the PESO are Chinese Cracker (100 Wala, 200 Wala, 28 Giant, 1,000 Wala, 24 Deluxe), Atom Bomb (Cake Bomb, Hydro, Super King, Agni, Classic Bomb, Kongo, Bullet Bomb), Maroon (Laxmi 4, Kuruvi 4, Laxmi Gold 4), among others.The PESO comes under the Union ministry of commerce and industry, department of industrial policy and promotion. All the tests were carried out in PESO's Fireworks Research &amp; Development Centre (FRDC) at Sivakasi during 2011 and 2012. The FRDC is designed to address some requirements of the Indian fireworks industry, like development of environment friendly fireworks, mechanization of hazardous manufacturing processes, development and standardization of products, safety of the personnel involved, study of nature of chemical composition and contrivance, quality control and quality assurance, testing of raw materials, etc.A PESO official based in Mumbai told TOI that the organization was facing a shortage of manpower. \"We take samples and examine manufacturing of firecrackers. Accordingly we either allow the manufacturers to produce it or ask them to stop production.\"\"But once the product is manufactured and despatched in the market, it is the local authority which can initiate any action,'' the official added.In 2010, the Awaaz Foundation and the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) jointly conducted tests on firecrackers to determine their noise and air pollution levels. The results showed that several categories of firecrackers, particularly, a variety termed 'bombs', violated the permissible noise levels.\"Under the Explosives Act, the police are the authority to regulate and license firecrackers through their arms and ammunition department,\" said Sumaira Abdulali, convenor of Awaaz Foundation.\"The police should ensure that no firecracker vendor licensed by them sells any unauthorized explosive device and that their licenses are cancelled in case of breach of any parameter of Section 7 of the Explosives Act and the Supreme Court order of July 18, 2005. The cracker which exceeds permissible sound limits should not be termed as 'firecracker', and is therefore an unauthorized explosive device,\" she added.Steps should be taken to ensure that no dangerous firecrackers are distributed or sold, including crackers which do not have their chemical composition and date of manufacture clearly displayed on the package, Abdulali said.The Maharashtra Pollution Control Board Pune on Wednesday tested the noise level of firecrackers available in the market at the MIT ground. The board will monitor the noise pollution and ambient air quality before Diwali and on Diwali day (November 13), to compare the sound and pollution levels in city, MPCB's Pune regional officer Anil D Mohekar said.After the firecrackers are tested by the MPCB and the explosives department, the report will be sent to the head office for further action, he said. The sound level of the firecrackers will also be tested in Nagpur and Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17135741", "title": "No banking on educational loan return", "text": "KOLKATA: As jobs dry up in Kolkata, the number of educational loan defaulters has been shooting up for the past couple of years. More and more students from the city are reneging on the EMIs and running about changing addresses and phone numbers to shake off the banks' collection agents.The number of defaulters in educational loan has more than doubled in Kolkata since 2009-2010. From around 2.5% in the years before that, the bad debt jumped to 3% and then 4.5% in 2011-12. This fiscal, it is expected to touch 5.5% and some banks estimate even 6% defaulters, senior bank officials told TOI.The trend has brought to Kolkata the debate raging countrywide on whether banks should consider educational loans as charity or debt. Matters have reached such a pass that private banks have nearly stopped disbursing educational loans in Kolkata unless the applicant is from a top institute.Since no bank can officially deny an educational loan, the high rate of default has forced RBI to evaluate other options \u00e2\u20ac\u201d like whether the government can act as a guarantor to low-ticket unsecured loans till Rs 4-lakh. What's even more shocking is that the trend has reached IIMs too.Take the case of IIM-Calcutta, where a student is a 'priority customer'. TOI has found that of the 115 students who had taken loan in the 2008 batch, 18 have turned defaulters. The next year, the number rose to 21 (of 175 students). And in 2010, 20 of the 130 graduates who had taken loan from SBI could not repay it. Twelve of last year's batch have already turned defaulters, say sources.\"Around seven to eight students in every 100 who take loans from our bank are defaulters,\" said a senior employee of the SBI branch inside IIM-C. In 2011, SBI had disbursed Rs 25 crore as educational loan in IIM-C; this year only Rs 19 crore has been disbursed. To give a yardstick, an official of Allahabad Bank said that the average non-performing assets (NPA) in educational loan is 5%, which is higher than general NPA level of 3%.But then, the incidence of default is lowest at IIM-Calcutta. \"The maximum defaults are reported from private engineering colleges. The situation is hopeless. We are now scrutinizing heavily before sanctioning any loan to students of private engineering colleges,\" a senior officer of the SBI retail loans section said. The average annual fees at private tech colleges is Rs 3.5 lakh-4 lakh, which translates to an EMI of Rs 11,000-12,000, he said.A student has to pay back the loan within six months of getting a job or after a year of completing studies, whichever is earlier. They've to repay it in 84 months and unlike other unsecured loans can claim a tax deduction under 80E of Rs 40,000 annually (on principal and interest) for eight years. Yet, nothing seems to be working for the banks. As a last resort, they now want the government to step in as a guarantor.\"In 2007-08, prodded by the government, private banks did disburse educational loans. But the rising default rate has made us very cautious,\" admitted a senior private sector bank executive. Nationalised banks, however, have no option but to process every applicant. \"If any application is turned down and a complaint is made to the government, we get a missive to approve that particular loan,\" said a UCO Bank official.The Indian Banking Association has asked for stricter scrutiny of every applicant and if need be, ask for collateral security or guarantors even for small loans. \"Earlier, marksheets were kept as a collateral against the loan. But it was considered unethical and discontinued,\" said a bank officer. So it is now up to the banks to devise their own safeguards. It isn't without reason therefore that the senior officer at SBI's IIM-C branch now spends more time on customer verification, urges them to get a guarantor or at least provide some collateral. The officer doesn't really want his loan approval to notch up another NPA for his bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17137088", "title": "Mishap in the making", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With Diwali round the corner, thousands of people are being put at risk by the rampant transportation of crackers in trains and buses. The flouting of safety norms by traders is most flagrant in the state's biggest wholesale cracker market at Jatni, around 22 km from Bhubaneswar.Those in the know said the proximity of the cracker market to the Jatni railway station has made the task easier for vendors to carry huge quantities of crackers by trains to different locations. Though Odisha has not witnessed any cracker explosion in trains, frightened passengers took a dig at Government Railway Police for failing to curb the menace.\"The East Coast Railway will be solely responsible if any mishap takes place. There is no frisking of bags at the entrance and exit points of Jatni station. Neither do railway policemen patrol the bogeys and throw out people carrying inflammable materials,\" said Pramod Kumar Mohanty, a daily commuter.\"I travel everyday from Puri to Bhubaneswar by train. On my return journey in the evening, I find vendors carrying crackers in bags. This poses a huge danger to us,\" said Upendra Kar, a state government employee. \"We often see stems of crackers jutting out of bags and this makes us panicky. The railways should stop this practice for the safety of passengers,\" Kar said.Carrying inflammable materials or objects like fireworks, explosives, crackers, gas cylinders, petrol and kerosene in trains is a punishable offence. The offender may get a three year jail term or be fined Rs 1,000 or both under Section 164 of Railway Act, 1989. Besides, a compounding fee of Rs 500 can be imposed under Section 165.But railway police said they are alert to this menace. \"We have formed squads and deployed personnel in plainclothes to prevent illegal transportation of crackers, mostly in passenger trains, coming from Jatni,\" said Barun Kumar Behera, IIC of railway protection force (RPF) post, Bhubaneswar. \"Since the luggage scanner at Bhubaneswar station is temporarily out of order, we are frisking bags through metal detectors,\" Behera said. Surprisingly, not a single offender has been caught so far.Preparedness of the ECoR to tackle emergency situations is not adequate. It has not set up any control room nor has emergency phone numbers in case a fire breaks out in trains due to cracker explosion. \"The railways should have started massive awareness drives. Timely and stringent action against offenders would also prevent others from carrying crackers in trains,\" said Bibhu Prasad Tripathy, a lawyer.ECoR's chief public relations officer R N Mohapatra said the railway is going to start a drive. \"In a day or two, we would launch a campaign requesting people not to travel with inflammable objects in trains,\" Mohapatra said.Similarly, the transport department claims to have taken adequate steps to prevent any untoward incident. \"Our enforcement machinery has been asked to conduct random checks in buses and stop people from carrying firearms or crackers in them,\" transport commissioner Surendra Kumar told TOI. \"We have also asked bus associations and operators of the city buses to ensure that the conductors dissuade people from carrying crackers,\" Kumar said.\"We also ask people to inform us if anyone carries crackers in buses. Though there is no penal provision under the Motor Vehicles Act, we will prevent the hazardous practice,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136196", "title": "Student waits at home as parent, school battle it out", "text": "NAGPUR: Yash Bhagchandani's wait to resume school just got a bit longer. The nine-year old has been forced to sit at home since the start of this academic session due to a legal battle between his father and school management.The Supreme Court dismissed his father Pramod's special leave petition (SLP) that had been filed after his ongoing case's hearing at Nagpur bench of Bombay high court was scheduled for last week of November.GL Bajaj, lawyer for Bhagchandani, said, \"On October 1 the HC gave an order in our ongoing case and according to the court our next hearing would have been around November 24. Since we did not want to wait for long we approached the SC against it but our SLP was dismissed. Now we shall again resume our legal battle on due date in HC itself.\"Bhagchandani has crossed swords with Mahatma Gandhi Centennial School (MGCS) management since 2010. The two parties have faced off on various issues and filed complaints against each other at the police station as well as education department. In 2012, the school issued a transfer certificate (TC) to Yash claiming he had completed his primary education.Deepak Bajaj, secretary of the society that manages the school, said, \"Our primary school is only till Std IV. Hence, after Yash completed his studies we issued the TC. Bhagchandani never came for admissions to our middle school and the seats got filled up. He then went to the education department demanding admission.\"Bhagchandani's stand was that admission from primary to middle school was always done internally since the two entities belong to the same management and are located on the same campus.The education department agreed and on August 21 issued a notice to MGCS demanding admission for the child. After non-compliance from the school, the department removed financial and administrative powers of its principal.Deepak Bajaj said, \"HC granted a stay on both the orders and that is why Bhagchandani went to SC. Now that their SLP was dismissed I am aware that Bhagchandani will resume his legal battle in HC.\" The child Yash still continues to sit at home as the parent feels that admitting him in another school will mean and end to the legal battle against the school.Times ViewYash Bhagchandani's is a unique case where a child's future is being jeopardized as an adamant parent and an obstinate school fight. It is also a fit case for state intervention. When school education is compulsory then nobody, not even parents, can be allowed to stand in the way. The education department should consider forcibly admitting Yash to another school pending outcome of the legal battle between his father and the school. If law does not allow this, the department can do so by intervening in legal case and getting court's sanction for the move. If the parent resists, he should face penal action including imprisonment for denying a citizen\u00e2\u20ac\u201d in this case, his own child\u00e2\u20ac\u201d the right to a decent education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17135068", "title": "Guwahati to be spruced up for ASEAN car rally", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Indian leg of the ASEAN car rally will be flagged off from the city, which is the gateway to the northeast and the bridge between India and other ASEAN countries on December 17. Chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Wednesday chaired a meeting of the apex committee for the forthcoming ASEAN-India car rally.A government spokesman said, \"The chief minister directed the Kamrup (metro) district administration, GMC, GDD and PWD departments to spruce up the city roads and to colour the town white. The chief minister has emphasized on the importance of keeping the city clean.\"The rally will kick off from Yogyakarta in Indonesia on November 25. But in the absence of a road link between Indonesia and Singapore, the rally will be given its ceremonial flag-off on November 28 from Singapore.The rally, with 31 SUVs, will cover the ASEAN countries of Malaysia, Thailand, Cambodia, Vietnam, Laos, Myanmar and India. The rally will enter India through the border town of Moreh in Manipur. It will reach Guwahati thorugh Kohima and Dimapur in Nagaland on December 17 from where Gogoi will flag off the Indian leg of the rally for onward journey to New Delhi.After traversing through nine countries and covering a distance of 8,000 km, the rally will culminate in New Delhi on December 20 where Prime Minister Manmohan Singh along with 10 heads of states of ASEAN countries will flag-down the entire rally.Ahead of the rally, ASEAN ambassadors and officials will visit Guwahati on November 15. The 15-member group of dignitaries and officials will include members of Royal Thai Embassy, High Commission of Brunei, Darussalam, Singapore High Commission and Embassy of Socialist Republic of Vietnam.Meanwhile, the finance department has approved the funds amounting to Rs 3.94 crore for holding various programmes in relation to the ASEAN rally.The rally marks the 20th commemorative year of India-ASEAN relations. The first India-ASEAN car rally to launch the Centre's Look East policy was flagged off from the city by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17139686", "title": "A special committee to review \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcDenikaina Ready\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "The Andhra Pradesh Government has finally decided to intervene in the ongoing controversy raging between actor Mohan Babu and Brahmin associations over the issue of derogatory representation of Brahmins community in the film 'Denikaina Ready. The government has appointed a special committee to see the film on Wednesday. Social Welfare principal secretary Raymond Peter has been appointed as the chairman of the committee and Chandravadan, commissioner, Information &amp; Public Relations, as secretary. AP Film Chamber of Commerce Committee President Thammareddy Bharadwaj also named in the committee.The government will issue a GO soon to announce the other members of the committee. The appointed committee members will watch the film and suggest few changes.The AP based Brahmin organisations agitating against this film contest that some scenes are objectionable and hurt their sentiments. The Brahmins continued with their protests going on a rally to Raj Bhavan and gave a memorandum to Governor also. Later they protest in front of AP Film Chamber office. \"Once the government announces the committee members, we will watch the film and give our suggestions,\" says Thammareddy. The committee may watch the film on Thursday afternoon around 2 O clock.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17136047", "title": "Lions hold their nerves to beat Warriors", "text": "MUMBAI: The bizhub Highveld Lions had to endure a mini-storm midway through their pursuit of 111, but old warhorses Neil McKenzie (29) and Zander de Bruyn (14) added 52 runs to secure a six-wicket win over the Chevrolet Warriors in the Momentum One-Day Cup at Axxess St George's on Wednesday.McKenzie and De Bruyn came together with their side wobbling, having lost three wickets in nine balls, as an inspired Basheer Walters and Wayne Parnell kept the home side interested. But, once they had weathered that storm, the Lions duo strode on comfortably to secure a second successive bonus point victory for the rampant Lions.\"I'm very happy with the performance, and I hope to keep it going,\" Lions skipper Stephen Cook said at the end of the match. \"All the bowlers did really well again, and long may it continue. It wasn't an easy wicket, and it was very nice to have Neil and Zander to see us through that little flutter in the middle of the innings,\" he added.Having won the toss and elected to bat, Cook's counterpart, Davy Jacobs, admitted that his side just hadn't produced with the bat. \"We batted really badly, and we didn't realise early enough that 140 on that pitch would have been competitive. Having said that, I thought if we had got one more wicket, we had a chance to come back,\" he added.Seamer Hardus Viljoen continued his fine form for the Lions, snaffling four for 17 in 7.4 overs, while spinner Aaron Phangiso continued his wonderful run of form, with a return of three for 16 from nine excellent overs.Jacobs was the only batsman to really stand up to the Lions onslaught, as he struck four boundaries in chalking up 34off 48 balls. He and a struggling Ashwell Prince added 47 for the fourth wicket, after the Lions had reduced them to 21 for three.But once Phangiso entered the fray, he ousted Prince leg-before for a laboured 21 off 51 balls. Jacobs was then a little unlucky to also be adjudged leg-before to Phangiso, having put in a very good stride.With the Warriors ace removed, the Lions only required seven more overs to blow the Warriors' tail away. Viljoen, getting good carry, picked up three wickets in his second spell, to complete a miserable display with the bat by the Warriors.In response, the Lions lost Gulam Bodi in the first over, before Cook and Quinton de Kock nudged them up to 61, against some good bowling by Andrew Birch and Makhaya Ntini. Throwing caution to the wind, Jacobs set attacking fields throughout the Lions' chase, as his side sought wickets.When they did arrive, the wickets came in a flurry. De Kock (34 off 40 balls) was castled by Parnell, who swung the ball at pace, before Walters struck twice in his opening over. The big seamer first had Cook trapped on the crease, before he comprehensively bowled Temba Bavuma with a brilliant yorker.At 61 for four, and with the Warriors suddenly finding life on a sporting pitch, the Lions were in danger of imploding. But McKenzie and De Bruyn bided their time and then ticked off the remaining 50 runs to win at a canter, with 23.2 overs to spare.Teams:Chevrolet Warriors: Davy Jacobs (wk/c), Colin Ingram , Ashwell Prince, Michael Price , Jon-Jon Smuts, Craig Thyssen, Kelly Smuts, Simon Harmer, Wayne Parnell, Makhaya Ntini , Basheer Walters.bizhub Highveld Lions: Stephen Cook (c), Gulam Bodi, Quinton de Kock (wk), Neil McKenzie, Temba Bavuma, Zander de Bruyn, Jean Symes, Chris Morris , Aaron Phangiso, Hardus Viljoen, Ethan O'Reilly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "katihar", "code": "17136666", "title": "End of NDA govt certain, says Lalu", "text": "KATIHAR: Reiterating that the relation between coalition partners the JD-U and the BJP was tottering, RJD president Lalu Prasad on Wednesday said the end of the NDA government was certain.Addressing an impressive gathering during the sixth phase of his 'Parivartan' yatra at Rajendra Stadium in Katihar on Wednesday, Lalu took a swipe at his bete noire and chief minister Nitish Kumar and called his 'Adhikar' rally a flop. \"It was another stunt on the part of Bihar CM to deflect public attention as the state government is mired in corruption and bureaucratic red-tapism,\" Lalu said. Among those who shared the dais with the former railway minister and RJD boss were party state chief Ramchandra Purbey, leader of opposition in the state assembly Abdul Bari Siddiqui, former union minister Jaiprakash Narayan Yadav and MP Ram Kripal Yadav.Making a pointed reference to incidence of 'chappal' throwing, violence and \"discard of black dupatta\" episode in Nawada, the inimitable Lalu urged the state's policemen, \"Galat aadesh ka palan nahin karein\" (do not carry out wrong orders) of the government lest they be punished by the judiciary.With a view to wooing contractual teachers, who have lately raised the banner of revolt against the state government, Lalu extended an olive branch and promised to absorb them on permanent basis once his party came to power. In a jibe at the CM, Lalu did not only mock his claims of 'sushasan' but also threatened to launch a sustained 'jan andolan'. He said that governance had not only plummeted to new depths, but incidences of loot, gangrape and other heinous crimes had increased across the state.Starting on the first leg of his 'Parivartan' yatra in Seemanchal, Lalu said, \"I maintained a discreet silence for seven long years and did not utter a word against the Nitish government. But now things have gone beyond all limits of tolerance and the people's cup of misery has filled to the brim.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17138112", "title": "Automotive research centre to be set up in south Gujarat", "text": "SURAT: With Gujarat fast emerging as the automobile hub, the Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SGCCI) and the Pune-based Automotive Research Association of India (ARAI) signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for setting up an automotive research centre in south Gujarat.A delegation of ARAI led by its director SR Marathe was in the city on Tuesday to hold a meeting with the SGCCI officials. The centre will provide technology solutions and testing facilities for auto companies in Gujarat.Sources said ARAI is in the process of preparing a detailed project report for the viability of the centre.Marathe said, \"The research centre will have facilities like automobile regulatory testing, research and development, technology solutions and world-class testing facilities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "suri", "code": "17135929", "title": "Trinamool foils SUCI protest", "text": "SURI: Local Trinamool leader Ashis De accosted SUCI(C) agitators and tore off their banners and posters when they were demonstrating outside the circuit house where industries minister Partha Chatterjee was taking stock of the situation at Loba village.The protestors were taken aback. \"De wouldn't allow us continue with the demonstration. He reminded us of the arrogance we faced during the Left Front regime,\" an SUCI activist said.Hearing the commotion, Chatterjee intervened and invited two representatives for discussion. The agitators told the minister that they wanted compensation for the \"victims of police repression\" and said that they could not see any change in the ruling party's role even after poribartan. SUCI(C) despite its independent role on various policy issues of the state government, is not a diehard rival of the Trinamool Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "17137182", "title": "36th annual congress of Indian Society for Veterinary Surgery held at Anand Agriculture University", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: Thirty-sixth annual congress of the Indian Society for Veterinary Surgery (ISVS) and the International Symposium on 'Ruminant surgery in polyclinics, co-operative dairies and shelters: Perspective 2020' was organized at Anand Agriculture University (AAU) recently.The congress was organized by the Department of Surgery and Radiology of AAU's College of Veterinary Science and Animal Husbandry where state-of-the-art technical presentations were made by experts from respective fields.Before the international symposium, a pre-conference workshop on 'Hands on corneal suturing and B Scan ocular sonography' was also held on October 31 which was attended by more than 40 participants.The international symposium was attended by more than 450 delegates from different parts of the country. Besides the theme session over 12 lead papers and scientific abstracts and posters were presented while a progressive dairy farmers and 'panjrapole' managers meet was also organized during the symposium.The symposium was inaugurated at the Sardar Patel Memorial at Karamsad where director of the National Dairy Research Institute Dr A K Srivastava was the chief guest while AAU vice-chancellor Dr A M Sheikh presided over the ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17135037", "title": "Health institute head focuses on excellence", "text": "SHILLONG: The newly appointed director of North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences ( NEIGRIHMS), Shillong, AG Ahangar said the institute will soon become a \"global institute\" and a harbinger of \"medical tourism\".\"We need to improve the system of the institute and create an 'island of excellence'. The institute has not been going forward despite heavy investment of money and manpower,\" the director told the media. \"My priority is to bring about excellence in patient care, develop a culture of excellence and bring rigorous discipline and punctuality in the work force,\" Ahangar, a renowned open heart surgeon from Jammu and Kashmir said during a felicitation programme organized on his assuming office as director of the institute.He added, \"We need to be able to fulfill the expectations of all the northeastern states.\" Ahangar said he intended to set up a 20-bed medical ICU, 20-bed surgical ICU, trauma centre and neuro-cardiac centre with five operation tables each, genetic counselling centre, emergency services catering to disaster management besides an air ambulance at the institute with its own helipad.The new director said he would push for postdoctoral, postgraduate, undergraduate, diploma and para medical courses besides completing unfinished tasks and projects, including human resource development in the field of health care.He said the aim of the institute will be to reach out to the weaker sections of the society, including those living below the poverty line. The director also envisioned setting up of a 24-hour 'fair price medical shop' in the premises of the institution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17137955", "title": "England play depleted Haryana on grassy track in final warm-up game", "text": "AHMEDABAD: England will be turning out for their four-day warm-up game against Haryana on Thursday at the Motera 'B' ground - one of three grounds at the Sardar Patel Gujarat Stadium - hoping for nothing more than a chance to get used to the weather before the first Test.The weather in Ahmedabad is still warm, with temperatures hovering between 30 to 31 degrees during the day time, so getting used to the heat will be important. As for the playing conditions, the pitch being dished out for them on the 'B' ground is a far cry from what awaits them on the main Motera square for the Test match.The track at the Motera proper has for years been red and lifeless ; a bowler's graveyard. In the last two Tests played at the venue, teams have scored 1,234 runs for the loss of 31 wickets in one instance and 1,598 runs for the loss of 21 wickets in another. In one game even Harbhajan Singh managed 69 runs in the first innings and 115 in the second, coming in to bat at No. 8.The 'B' ground for the match against Haryana, however, is so green that from a distance it seems to merge with the outfield. Jonathan Trott, however, seemed ready for the task. \"We have to play on whatever track is presented to us and we know the Test match wicket will be more spinner friendly. Our aim is to be match-ready.\"Eoin Morgan said: \"The warm-up matches are only to acclimatise you to conditions. The wickets for Test matches may be different than what we have played on so far.\"Ian Bell and Jonathan Trott too felt it was beneficial to spend time in the middle rather than at nets. \"No matter how many hours you spend practising, it is only during a match that you realize the mistakes you are likely to commit. The three warm-up matches will help us spot and rectify them before the Tests,\" said Bell.Morgan, however, said several English players had a lot of experience of Indian pitches and conditions. \"I have benefited massively from playing in the IPL. I have also learned a lot from Kevin Pietersen , who has done really well here.\"The Haryana team selected for the match can be called a under-25 squad. Most are barely a season old, barring some seniors like Sachin Rana, Rahul Dewan and Sunny Singh. Haryana Ranji captain Amit Mishra is not playing in this match. Even one of Haryana's star performer last season - seamer Harshal Patel - is battling injury.Even so, this is England's last opportunity to tighten loose ends. Alastair Cook , Jonathan Trott, Mathew Prior and of course Samit Patel got some runs and some quality time in the middle under their belt in the first match. In the second match it was Eoin Morgan, Jonny Bairstow, Nick Compton and Samit Patel who got good batting practice.The only worry could be Ian Bell, who despite playing in both the matches has managed scores of 5, 4 and 28 not out. But if the way he played in the second innings against Mumbai is any indication, then he is slowly getting there.The most heartening aspect for the England camp would definitely be the amount of overs their frontline seamers and spinners have sent down in both the matches. England will want to have a close look at the eleven that is most likely to feature in the first Test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17135400", "title": "States won't know their caste-wise demography", "text": "LUCKNOW: Central ministry of rural development is executing its caste census through state government, but it may not part with the 'caste-wise' demographic profile with the states. The enumeration exercise has been so designed that states do not come to know the results. \"The data is meant only to be used for welfare schemes, while state governments can put it to political use,\" said sources.Officials in the rural development department of Uttar Pradesh said though they had completed more than 60 per cent enumeration, they don't know the caste-wise break-up.\"Enumerators have been given the list of only the Schedule Castes and Schedule Tribes and all other castes have been grouped as 'others'. The district level workers feed the info in handhelds, and the central ministry's software interprets it caste-wise, but states don't come to know the figures,\" said sources in the state rural development department.Profiling some 20.50 crore people on the basis of their socio-economic and caste census is a tall order. UP claims it has achieved 63 per cent of the target under the ongoing socio-economic and caste census (SECC) in four months. Officials at the state rural development department, however, couldn't share the caste-wise results of the census completed so far. Reason being the Centre is \"unwilling\" to share the caste-wise count with the states.The socio-economic and caste census (SECC) will serve as bedrock for several social welfare and poverty alleviation schemes. The rural development ministry (RDM), which is executing the census through state governments, had initially set six months period, June-December 2011, as duration for the exercise.Since many of the bigger states, including UP, couldn't start on time, deadline for census completion was extended to April 2011. UP was lagging behind by about a year because of the assembly elections. The state began the exercise only in June, this year. \"We also could not get the required number of tablet PCs to carry out the exercise,\" added sources. Out of 1.10 lakh handhelds needed, UP could get only 55,000.But work began and the nodal department hopes to finish the job by December 2012. UP has 3.96 lakh enumeration blocks (EBs). Urban areas have 86,243 EBs and rural areas have 3.10 EBs. The state has completed the exercise for 2.4 lakh EBs, 2.32 lakh lying in rural areas and 15,489 in urban areas.The exercise is being done more effectively in rural areas where, as per official figures, 75 per cent enumeration is done. Compared to this, in urban areas only 18 per cent task has been accomplished so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17136063", "title": "Separated couple casts away son", "text": "KOLKATA: From a boarding school to an aunt's house to police station and finally a children's home. Meet Rahul Chatterjee - Kolkata's very own Oliver Twist. The only difference is that he has both parents, albeit divorced. And the home Apna Ghar - run by NGO CINI Asha - is a lot better than the workhouse in Charles Dickens' novel.For nearly a fortnight now, Rahul has been yearning to meet his mother Trisha. But the latter has proved elusive, first avoiding calls made from Kolkata and then citing her pre-occupation with the job to explain her inability in meeting her son. \"I can't understand anything. All I want is to be with my mother,\" said a perplexed Rahul.The boy, who hails from Rampurhat in Birbhum, has been studying at a school on AJC Bose Road in Kolkata and living in a hostel since 2010 after his parents separated. He would get to meet his mother only during vacations. Otherwise, she would seldom come and meet him.Too busy with life, Trisha even named her sister Ishita as the boy's local guardian. While Ishita continued to provide the monetary support, she also left his emotional needs for her sister to fulfill. The arrangement had continued till the last week of October when Trisha had a row with Ishita.According to police, Ishita accused Trisha of neglecting Rahul and failing to meet the financial expenses, leading to a war of words. Following the heated exchange, Ishita escorted Rahul to Garfa police station and handed him to the police on October 29.\"The boy's aunt feared that his mother would not take him back to Birbhum, thereby burdening her with his responsibility. Though we tried to reason with her, she would just not listen,\" a police officer said.The police then called CINI Asha and handed Rahul over to them. Meanwhile, they attempted to contact Trisha as did the NGO authorities, but it proved futile. Though the Class-VI student has been pining to speak to his mother, Trisha appeared to be oblivious of his woes.It was only on Monday that an NGO official finally managed to contact the woman and requested her to visit Rahul immediately. But she brushed it aside, citing her poor attendance at school. \"I will be able to come only when I get leave,\" she said before hanging up.Learning about the child's predicament, the state child welfare committee (CWC) has directed the police to present their case to them when Trisha reaches Kolkata.Authorities at the children's home where Rahul is currently housed have been trying to engage him in activities so that his mind remains diverted.\"We are trying to take care of his needs and connect him with his mother over phone. He is doing fine but wants to be with his mom. He is missing her terribly. No matter what we do, we can't be his mother,\" said Kakoli Dey, additional director at CINI.(All names have been changed.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135610", "title": "11 bills lined up for winter session", "text": "MUMBAI: The state will present as many as 11 bills in the winter session of the state legislative assembly, to be held in Nagpur from December 10-21. The bills and their modalities and the possible working of the session were worked out during a meeting of the state business advisory committee (BAC) on Wednesday.While the opposition demanded the session be extended to deliberate on several issues plaguing the state, the ruling Congress party said it would try to address all issues, including those related to Vidarbha, where the party holds a greater influence over voters. \"We will try and do justice to all issues,\" said Harshavardhan Patil, minister of parliamentary affairs, Maharashtra.The opposition in the BAC demanded the winter session be extended by a week so that recent charges related to corruption in various departments and sectors can be discussed in detail. The demand was, however, turned down. Before the BAC meet, there were also talks of pushing back the winter session by a few days, but that didn't happen. Of the 11 bills, BAC members said five are new proposals, whereas the rest are pending from previous sessions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136332", "title": "Wild buffaloes get a five-year-plan", "text": "NAGPUR: Experts at the three-day workshop have decided to set a goal to establish at least 150 genetically acceptable wild buffaloes (WBS) in the next five years in Central India.The goal was set after detailed discussions at the three-day workshop organized by the state forest department in coordination with the International Union for Conservation and Nature ( IUCN), Satpuda Foundation and Wildlife Trust of India ( WTI).On Wednesday, the last day of the workshop, experts assembled to formulate the future strategy for conservation of WBS. They drafted vision, goals and objectives of the conservation project for WBS in Central India.\"Our vision includes genetically pure populations thriving in secure habitats in harmony with human interests, which effectively contribute to India's total WB population and biodiversity,\" said SWH Naqvi, principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife), Maharashtra.Naqvi added the objectives will include addressing risk of local extinction from small population by reducing hunting to zero and maximizing the rate of population increase and establish at least one new facility and herds in Central Indian range states with animals from north-east caught locally.\"We will also ensure that all WB populations here are under effectively managed protected areas (PAs) by winning sympathy and support of local people,\" Naqvi said.It was also decided to maintain and restore habitat by restricting developmental and commercial activities and ensure that there is no unsustainable grazing and extraction of non-timber forest produce (NTFPs).As part of the strategy, the groups will ensure corridors to maintain connectivity among WB population and minimize the risks of disease and parasites to WBS. Stress will also be laid on in-situ and ex-situ conservation. A project document will be finalized next month.Gadchiroli honorary district wildlife warden Mahendra Singh Chauhan, forest guards D S Chivhane and P K Kokade were felicitated for their recognition of their services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136670", "title": "Nagpur University deferred engineering exams to regularise \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcillegal\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 admissions", "text": "NAGPUR: Though it may appear that the Nagpur University (NU) deferred the engineering examinations for the benefit of the students, the reality is otherwise. According to NU officials, the exams were postponed in order to regularize \"illegal\" admissions in the postgraduate (MTech/ME) courses given by 10 renowned engineering colleges even before getting affiliated to NU. The affiliation came as late as on October 30 for some new and old courses. Since these colleges were unable to complete the mandatory 90-day period of academic work, they allegedly pressurised NU administration to defer the exam.NU deferred the exam by nearly two months after buckling under the pressure of these colleges owned by politicians and education barons, even as not even 500 BE students were going to be benefited by this decision. NU top brass took advantage of students protests and postponed the exam. The move would severely affect over 60,000 students.Officials added that these colleges blatantly flouted Section 83(6) of Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, by admitting students for MTech/ME courses even before getting affiliated to NU. Moreover, NU will be flouting Section 82(5) of same Act which states that for any new college which gets permission from the government after July 15, NU should grant affiliation to it in the subsequent academic year and conduct exam of its students in that session only. In this case, these colleges had already admitted students but did not shown them on record till getting affiliation on October 30. However, the colleges will not be able to meet the mandatory 90-day academic work requirement. Both NU registrar Ashok Gomase and PRO Prashant Mohite failed to give satisfactory replies to these queries and told media that information will be sought in the matter.NU's eagerness to offer favours to these colleges was evident during Wednesday's emergent meeting of Academic Council when the issue of approving new syllabus and scheme of exam for a new course of MTech (Computer Aided Design Manufacture and Automation) was surprisingly added, reportedly under the pressure of private colleges. It was also cleared without even a single word from any of the 68 members despite VC Vilas Sapkal having called them for discuss. NU officials added that about 10 colleges had got this course approved from AICTE and had already admitted students though the syllabus was cleared by NU on Wednesday only. \"Now, the colleges will bring these admissions on record i.e. legalize them. The exams were postponed to facilitate this move,\" officials informed.What Section 82(5) (Procedure for permission) of MU Act says?\u00e2\u20ac\u201d From the academic year 2001-2002, permission to new colleges from the state government shall be communicated to the university on or before July 15 (Earlier, it was before 30 June) of the year, in which the new college is proposed to be started. Permissions received thereafter shall be given effect by the university only in the subsequent academic year.What Section 83(6) (Procedure of Affiliation) of MU Act says?\u00e2\u20ac\u201d No student shall be admitted by the college or institution unless the first time affiliation has been granted by the university to the college or institution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17136155", "title": "Govt departments find few friends on Net", "text": "HYDERABAD: The 'hi-tech' dreams of the Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC) seem to have suffered a jolt. While the department, in its attempt to emulate Hyderabad Traffic Police (HTP), had opened an exclusive Facebook page for itself about two years back, its presence on the portal has so far failed to generate any interest among netizens.With just about 5,000 members, as against the traffic police's 36,000, the page is far from active. \"I have, on various occasions, suggested new routes in the city and also sought information on proposals for bus routes to districts. But till date, I have received no response from the administrators. What is the use of such a page then,\" lashed out V Pavan Kumar, an aggrieved 'visitor' to APSRTC's page.Such laxity, denizens say, is unexpected, especially of a department which is in the Guinness World Records for its expansive fleet of buses. But it is not APSRTC alone that has failed to notch up a social networking following. Also on the list is the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA). While the government body, much like the road transport department, had logged on to Facebook hoping to open up an interactive space with Hyderabadis, it has done little to keep the page (fancifully named 'Hussainsagar Cleaning') alive.Predictably, the account has a measly 18 members, just a couple of pictures of the water body and some outdated content. Officials, however, maintain that they were doing their best to stay 'connected'. \"We regularly take note of suggestions and complaints registered on the page and also make sure that these are resolved,\" said RV Jayant, information technology officer of APSRTC and in-charge of its Facebook page.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17137041", "title": "Laxity in safety measures stoked Safal Pegasus complex blaze", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The fire department has slapped a notice on the Safal Pegasus complex on Prahladnagar road for the poor fire system and lack of safety equipments installed in the building. The members of the building have also been restricted from any access to the building till safety systems are in place, claim fire officials.But a major issue that has been vexing the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) authorities is that in the absence of heavy fines and penalties, societies and members of complexes do not bother to conduct maintenance of their safety system. \"We have no powers to cut their drainage, water supply connections. Electricity is being supplied by a private company,\" says a senior fire department official.\"Cutting drainage and water supply will raise a public health issue and is generally avoided. For the carelessness of the developer, people occupying the building have to suffer,\" says a senior zonal official of the AMC. As the story goes, at the time of the fire safety approval, the developer had not kept open areas in the building for ventilation. After the fire NOC was issued, he made changes to the building design. \"This is a standard practice followed by developers these days,\" adds a senior fire official.The Safal Pegasus is occupied by 103 members and at the time of the fire on Tuesday afternoon, nearly 300 people were occupying the building. A total of 11 people were injured in the incident out of which six were hospitalized by EMRI 108 and fire brigade ambulances. While some tried to jump off the third floor of the building others were traumatized by the thick black smoke.\"The fire was small, from a short circuit, but as the fire system's plugs were pulled off and there was almost no scope of a ventilation, the hot smoke amplified the fire in the building,\" adds the fire official.The Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) will conduct a detailed inspection of the fire safety system of the building again before the members are allowed to occupy the building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17137308", "title": "Three held for robbery", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Fort police on Wednesday arrested three persons - Shafeek (24) and Ayoob (20) of Beemapally and, Haja (18) of Sreevaraham - on charges of robbery.According to the police, the trio were arrested for allegedly robbing Rs 10,000 and a mobile phone of Raghu, a resident of Nedumangad. The incident took place at Power House road near Fort around 10 pm on Tuesday. Raghu immediately alerted the police, who combed the entire area and nabbed the accused. The police also said that Shafeek had been jailed before on charges of murdering Prabhajkaran, a resident of Athiyannoor in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17136643", "title": "Fancy numbers fetch motor vehicles department more revenue this fiscal", "text": "KOCHI: The change in the auctioning system for fancy numbers (for registering vehicles) introduced by the motor vehicles department (MVD) is paying dividends. With five more months to go in the current fiscal, the revenue collected through the sale of fancy numbers in the district has surpassed the amount generated in the last fiscal.In 2011-12, the auction fetched the department Rs 1. 04 crore, but from this April 1 to October 31, the MVD has made Rs 1,15,75,500 from this.The government introduced the new system to ensure that there is no leakage of revenue from the sale of fancy numbers. Earlier, the basic value of all numbers, fancy or not, was nominal. A particular number was auctioned only if more than one person demanded it.\"With the auctioning starting to pick up, agents started surfacing from nowhere. They would register for taking part in the auction of fancy numbers and then contact those who really wanted these numbers and reach an understanding with them and make money in the process,\" said B J Thomas, RTO, Ernakulam.It is to eliminate these middlemen that the government introduced the new system. The MVD now fixes amounts ranging from Rs 3,000 to Rs one lakh for various fancy numbers. The number One in each series will now cost Rs one lakh.\"We have put some restrictions as well. Only those who own a vehicle can now book a number. Their vehicles should also have a temporary registration. If more people opt for the same number, then it's auctioned,\" said Thomas.\"After the new system was introduced, we have been able to check foul play. Initially, the response to the system was lukewarm. And the collection through auctioning, which was Rs 1,15,39,800 in 2010-11, too dipped a bit the next fiscal,\" he said.\"But this year, the revenue from fancy numbers is set to create a record,\" Thomas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17136402", "title": "20 dengue patients reported, mystery fever is back in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: 20 dengue patients were reported in the city on Wednesday. These patients are being treated at various government and private hospital of the city.The dengue positives have been reported by the microbiology department of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial medical college. The number of patients suffering with dengue in the industrial city has reached to 151. Apart from dengue positives, three deaths from dengue were also reported from areas like Bithoor and Ramabai Nagar in past one week.Ironically, officials are denying the fact that deaths have occurred in the city due to the vector-borne disease and said they will not believe reports of private hospitals that have been conducting the dengue antigen test considered more advanced.According to records of private hospitals, three people have succumbed to the disease in the district in the past one week. Apart from dengue cases, mystery fever also seems to have made a come back in the city. Several people in Arra Gaon area in South Kanpur complained of fever. According to locals, one Rani (26) died of myster fever on Tuesday, while nearly 100 locals are suffering from severe fever for the past two weeks.The locals also said they have made complaints to chief medical officer, Dr RP Yadav who sent a team of doctors in the locality last week after repeated requests.When TOI contacted deputy CMO, Dr AK Saxena, he said the team of doctors has been sent by the CMO in the locality. The doctors collected blood samples and gave medicines to patients. He added that the team of doctors complained of a very unhygienic civic scenario prevailing in the area which is the root cause of the spurt in disease.\"We have sent the letter to city heath officer at Kanpur Municipal corporation to clear the garbage and debris from the locality. No one can stop this spurt in diseases unless the dismal civic scenario is being managed by the KMC,\" added Dr Saxena further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17136894", "title": "Scientists pick samples from Carbide factory", "text": "BHOPAL: A team of scientists from Lucknow based Indian Institute of Toxicological Research (IITR), collected about 24 soil and water samples from the premises of the abandoned Union Carbide factory. The IITR has been directed by the Supreme Court to check the contamination of underground water at the abandoned factory.The team comprising three scientists had come to Bhopal two days ago and returned on Wednesday. The ITR scientists along with the Madhya Pradesh Pollution Control Board officials visited the Union Carbide factory premises and collected 20 soil and 4 water samples.The IITR is likely to submit its observations before the apex court in three months.In a related matter, earlier on Monday, the apex court ordered the state government to include four more colonies in the contaminated groundwater area listed colonies and to make arrangements of supplying clean water in them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17135529", "title": "Traffic cops to get 100 SUVs for patrolling", "text": "CHENNAI: At least 100 more patrol vehicles, Toyota Innovas, will soon join the fleet of the traffic police and will be used in regulating the flow of traffic. The city police fleet has more than 2,000 vehicles.The new SUVs, will be handed over to the traffic police by chief minister J Jayalalithaa at a formal function on Friday. They will be later sent to various units across the city, including in the extended parts, as per the allotment. \"The cars in the extended areas usually have to travel long distances and Innovas are well suited for such travel,\" a police officer said.The state's police officers have begun zipping around in swanky cars and high-end patrol vehicles. The old white Ambassador has made way for Hondas and Toyotas \u00e2\u20ac\u201d at considerable cost to the state.The makeover, which began several years ago with induction of models such as Hyundai Accent, now extends to patrolling vehicles as well as those used by senior officers. About 87 Mahindra Boleros joined the city police fleet in July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17136081", "title": "Marray-Nielsen make ATP World Tour Finals semifinals", "text": "LONDON: Wimbledon champions Jonathan Murray of Britain and Mark Nielsen of Denmark shocked the world no.2 pairing of Canada's Daniel Nestor and Max Mirnyi or Belarus 7-6, 4-6, 12-10 in 1 hour and 40 minutes to become the first team from Group B to qualify for the semifinals of the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals.Marray and Nielsen, who've barely played together this year, stuck to their task admirably against a pairing that struggled to ride the wave when on top.Wednesday's result leaves Nielsen and Marray, who still have one more match to play in the league stage against Sweden's Robert Lindstedt and Romanian Horia Tecau, with two wins.While Nestor-Mirnyi and the Mahesh Bhupathi-Rohan Bopanna pair each have one-win-one-loss records.Friday's clash between the world no.2 pair Nestor-Mirnyi and the fifth-ranked team Bhupathi-Bopanna will decide which pair will make Sunday's semifinal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17135593", "title": "Aligarh Muslim University expels 20 engineering students", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a significant step, vice-chancellor (V-C) of Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) Lt Gen (retired) Zameer Uddin Shah expelled 20 students of the Zakir Husain College of Engineering and Technology for having secured admission to the B Tech course in the year 2011 through \"fraudulent means\".Talking to TOI, university spokesperson, Rahat Abrar said not only has the university expelled these students, cases of forgery have been filed against all 20 of them at the Civil Lines police station.Giving the details, Abrar said all the students had been studying in the college for the past one year. The alleged fraud was detected this year following introduction of computerised biometric techniques for verifying authenticity of all such applicants who appeared in the entrance test conducted by the university.In June 2012, the V-C instituted an enquiry by constituting a committee under the chairmanship of dean, faculty of engineering to probe the matter. \"The committee cross-examined all facts related to unfair means used by the students but failed to get satisfactory reply from them,'' said Abrar, adding that fingerprint experts were called in to match signatures of the students. University authorities believe that for the past one year a well organised racket has been running through which applicants were gaining entry into prestigious institutions using impersonators for appearing in the various admission tests.In May, an impersonator was caught using high-tech electronic equipment for cheating in AMU's engineering entrance examination. Police investigations then led to arrest of one person from Lucknow, who was the mastermind of the racket. The detection of fraudulent procedures in four cases in this year's admission test led to a deeper probe into last year's admissions too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17135979", "title": "CPM breaks tradition for its grand old man", "text": "KOLKATA: Jyoti Basu had termed him as \"God's own man\". And it is not without reason that CPM chose to break away from tradition to celebrate his birth centenary on Wednesday. The life and times of Samar Mukherjee are perhaps a lesson for the party's 21st century comrades.The former politburo and Lok Sabha member's 100th birthday was celebrated at his home \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a party commune where he spent nearly half his life \u00e2\u20ac\u201d at 9, Dilkhusia Street. Born four years before the 1907 October Revolution, Mukherjee was thrown out of his school in Howrah for raising the \"Simon Go Back\" pitch in 1927. This was only a start.Mukherjee, initially with the Indian National Congress, joined the undivided Communist party and finally the CPM since its inception in 1964.Such is his popularity that since Wednesday morning, party leaders and supporters made a beeline to wish him with rose garlands and sweets. Besides, a stage was also erected in his honour. Though the party veteran would have shunned these otherwise, on Wednesday he accepted the wishes with humility.As CPM general secretary Prakash Karat put it, Mukherjee exemplified what a life of a Communist should be. Sharing an anecdote, Karat said, \"In New Delhi, the party would otherwise deduct his salary as his MP and give him the requisite wages. But Mukherjee even saved from his wages, and every year he would turn up to give Rs 50,000-Rs 80,000. He said he never needed those money anyway.\" What Karat didn't say, CPM state secretary Biman Bose chipped in: \"After paying in New Delhi, he would do the same with the state committee.\" This is perhaps the message the party leadership repeatedly tried to harp on.Karat said, \"He is a man who gave everything for the party and its struggle. Comrade Samar Mukherjee embodied what every Communist should be.\" \"We celebrate his birthday for it gives us inspiration in our struggle,\" he added.Muzaffar Ahmed, among CPM's founders, is the only exception whose birthday on April 5 is celebrated by CPM. Ahmed, incidentally, also stayed in the same commune with Mukherjee. Mukherjee, who suffered a cerebral attack barely a year and a half ago, has relinquished all party posts now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17139789", "title": "Mike Mohan to make a comeback", "text": "Popular yesteryear actor Mohan, who gave many silver jubilee hits in Tamil cinema is back to filmdom. He will be producing films in all four south Indian languages.To begin with, his production venture in Malayalam will kick off soon. To commemorate the centenary year of Indian cinema, Mohan is making a never-before attempt on screen that would go down well with the masses.Produced by Mohan's Civic Cinema, this Malayalam venture will feature top four filmmakers and four prominent actors coming together for four different stories in one film.According to close sources, as part of celebrating 100 years of Indian cinema, eminent filmmakers Rajesh Pillai, Salim Ahmed, Padmakumar and Shajoon Kariyal will be making four short commercial films of 25 minutes length each, which will be screened as a single movie.Each filmmaker has roped in top stars of Malayalam cinema like Mammootty, Salim Kumar, Kunchako Boban, Srinivasan, Biju Menon and Fahad Fazil.Says the actor-producer, 'It is an attempt to showcase the versatility of Indian talent to global audience'.The movie will be released before 31 March, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17136758", "title": "Spurious ingredients: Say no to milk cake, Doda barfi this Diwali", "text": "PATNA: Certainly sweets add to the festivity, but one needs to be very careful while purchasing them here during the ongoing festival season. For, with the huge demand for sweets, the fear of adulterated ones has come to haunt the city. The spurious sweets cannot only damage one's digestive system, but also cause blood pressure and gastroenteritis. Long-time consumption of these items may even damage one's liver and kidneys!Said a food and consumer protection department official, \"Avoid 'milk cake' and 'Doda barfi' at any cost before Diwali.\" Many of the local halwais, he said, use expired milk powder and mix them with liquid glucose and textile whitener and sulphurous acid to make milk cakes. Similarly, fermented and spurious unsold sweets, collected from sweets shops of the city, are mixed with chemicals and other substances and then fried to make 'Doda barfi'.\"During the past two days, the teams of food and consumer protection department raided five places where sweets were being made. They were in terribly unhygienic condition. The chemicals and liquid sugar being used by halwais there were certainly not edible,\" said Asish Kumar Singh, OSD, Bihar food and consumer protection department. He added, \"A few persons were arrested while some others are eluding the police.\"Besides, khoya, used for making various kinds of sweets, is adulterated by adding low-quality maida, oil and chemicals like sodium hydroxide, sodium carbonate, urea etc.Singh said, \"The modus operandi of mithaiwalas has changed with time. The buyers should not trust even the big names of sweet shops. Many of them do not prepare sweets themselves, but have fixed supplier for each of the items. They buy sweets on low rates and sell the products at much higher rates.\"The consumption of spurious sweets can lead to severe health problems, including blood pressure, gastroenteritis and stomach infection and a variety of other discomforts.After the raids, two FIRs have been lodged so far with the police by food and consumer protection department. The police have arrested two persons in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "17139889", "title": "Indian delegation in Pakistan left unprotected for a short while; probe ordered", "text": "LAHORE: Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal and his 45-member delegation were left unprotected for a short while when their Pakistani police guards left their duty and went off to have dinner at a club here.The incident occurred on Wednesday night at the Royal Country Palm Club, where Pakistani businessmen had hosted a dinner for the Indian visitors.Punjab Police chief Haji Habibur Rehman took serious note of the \"security lapse\" and ordered an inquiry into the incident, officials said.Superintendent of police (Security) Shomail Akram, however, contended the incident was not a security lapse.\"The policemen performing duty with the Indian delegation were hungry and they had to eat at the function. They were present on the premises while having dinner and therefore there is no question of a security lapse,\" he argued.The Punjab Police chief's office said the inquiry would establish whether there was a security lapse.The Indian delegation on Wednesday visited Lahore Fort and Badshahi Mosque. They also went to the Food Street near the Mughal-era mosque.Badal attended a Youth Festival along with Punjab chief minister Shahbaz Sharif.Leaders of the Pakistan People's Party, which is in power at the centre, hosted a luncheon for the delegation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17136961", "title": "Fresh LPG norms customer-friendly", "text": "INDORE: Oil companies after limiting the number of subsidized LPG cylinders have come up with fresh customer-friendly guidelines to simplify the process of transfer, unblocking blocked connections and releasing new connections .The decision to cap number of subsidized LPG cylinders to 6 per annum has led to confusion about the fate of multiple connections and transfer of old connections besides surrender of surplus connections.President of Madhya Pradesh chapter of All India LPG Distributors Federation, Suraj Kero said that they had received a notification from the ministry regarding the new guidelines simplifying the process.\"Under the new guidelines a consumer can get a new connection online. A consumer who has a big family and requires more LPG then the prescribed limit, they can get an instant new additional connection and non-subsidized cylinders under exempted category,\" said Kero adding that under this rule a consumer can get more than one connection without duplication of customer's KYC (Know Your Customer). However, consumer will have to pay existing market rate for cylinders on this connection.New rules have also given an option of easy transfer of LPG connection to kin during customer's lifetime or after death. Now consumers will have the option to surrender.The new guideline, however, failed to impress the consumers. Nitisha Mishra, working women, said guidelines are fine but it will serve its purpose only when it gets implemented properly. \"First they put a burden on us by putting a cap on supply of cylinders now they are in a damage control mode,\" said Mishra.Officials admitted to have received complaints from various quarters during its ongoing KYC drive to verify LPG consumers. \"It is a fact that the process has put consumers to a great deal of hardship. We are aiming to cut red tape to improve service and empower consumers,\" a senior official said.He further added that the new guidelines were aimed at cutting red tape, empowering the consumers and improve his interface with dealers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135165", "title": "Soon, no-touch breast scan machines at civic hospitals", "text": "MUMBAI: To make it comfortable for women to undergo check-up of breasts for detection of cancer, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) plans to buy 'no-touch' scan machines.On the occasion of National Cancer Awareness Day, health committee chairman Geeta Gawli announced the civic body's plans to buy the machines so that women do not have to experience awkwardness while going through physical examination of breasts or pain while scanning through a mammography machine.Designed by an Indian-origin doctor in the United States, the machines are used worldwide to check for breast cancer. The machines are also being used Pune, Ahmedabad and Thane. The BMC plans to instal the machines at its major and peripheral hospitals. \"The idea is to make it easier for women to come forward for check-ups. This will reduce the number of women contracting breast cancer due to lack of awareness,\" said Gawli.At a meeting with the deans of all major BMC hospitals, the proposal was discussed and it was decided that the BMC will get a machine to check its benefits. If found useful, other hospitals will also get the machines.Officials said the machine costs Rs 80 lakh and gives results in 20 minutes. It gives a four-page report detailing the size, nature and placement of the cyst in the breast. \"The patient can test herself without help. This will ensure her privacy is maintained,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136154", "title": "New aircraft radar system tests fine", "text": "NAGPUR: The city airport has moved a step further with the recently installed aircraft surveillance technology ADS-B testing successfully. However, it will take minimum six months before it is used for actual operations.\"The automatic dependent surveillance-broadcast (ADS-B) is working satisfactorily at Nagpur area control centre. However, it will have to clear an assessment and safety inspection by director general of civil aviation ( DGCA), which will take some months,\" airport director AK Verma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17136421", "title": "Stephen Harper calls on Punjab governor", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper along with his wife Laureen on Wednesday called on Punjab governor Shivraj Patil at the Raj Bhavan here.Discussing various issues at length, Patil said India and Canada have long standing bilateral relations and strong socio-cultural linkages, an official spokesperson said. He said India and Canada are nations of shared values. \"We have similar concerns in combating terrorism, extremism and radicalism,\" Patil, who is also the administrator of Chandigarh Union Territory, said.Naginder Singh, joint director (Press) to the Punjab governor, told TOI that the Canadian PM endorsed Patil's views. Discussing various issues at length, Patil said India and Canada have long standing bilateral relations and strong socio-cultural linkages, an official spokesman said.The Punjab governor said there was a major scope to further expand economic and business cooperation in a wide range of fields like information technology, marketing of agricultural produce, sharing of educational tools and technologies, bio-technology and nuclear power generation, which can be of immense mutual benefit to people on both sides.Patil stressed that Punjab has achieved major breakthrough in the agriculture sector and allied fields and the state is emerging as a progressive and vibrant investment destination. He suggested strengthening of partnerships in agri-related ventures especially food processing which has a major scope of collaboration. He said bold initiatives have been taken for generation of more power with focus on tapping solar energy to meet growing demand in different sectors of economy.Tim Upal, minister of democratic reforms, and Baljit Singh Gosal, minister of state for sports in Harper's cabinet -- both of Punjab origin -- were also in the delegation that met Patil.The governor presented four English volumes of Sri Guru Granth Sahib to Harper.Meanwhile, a protest was staged outside the Canadian consulate in chandigarh, demanding relaxation of \"strict\" visa norms.Activists under the banner of \"Canadian backlogers pre-2008 association India (North chapter)\" gathered outside the Canadian consulate office and shouted slogans.Ram Kumar Garg, president of North chapter of the association, said, \"Many people from here are keen to go to Canada, but cannot do so due to strict visa norms.\"While demanding that the visa norms be simplified by the Canadian government, he criticised them for enforcing stringent rules for granting permanent residency status to immigrants.The association has been formed by people who were denied visas by the Canadian embassy for various reasons.The protesters dispersed after police intervention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17136716", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcFamily problems behind most cases\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "PUNE: Most people in the city who take the extreme decision to end their lives are below the age of 30 years and 'family problems' account for a large number of suicides, even in the state, reveals a report of the National Crime Records Bureau.The NCRB report, released earlier this year, is based on the statistics of accidental deaths and suicides in 2011. According to the report, there were 675 suicides in Pune in 2011 (in 2010, the number was 646). Among them, 465 were males and 210 females.Of the 675 suicide deaths, 183 occurred due to family problems, the report says. The next major cause was illness. As many as 153 suicides were due to illnesses.The number of suicides per one lakh population is accepted as the yardstick for determining suicide rate of a city. With 675 suicides in a population of 50.5 lakh last year, Pune was ranked 18th in the suicide rate.In Pune, of the 675 suicide deaths in 2011, 312 were in the age-group of 15 to 29 years. Ten youngsters in the age-group of 14 years or less committed suicide last year.Suicide due to drug abuse is also one of the major causes. As many as 84 suicides were because of drug abuse in the city last year. Thirteen people committed suicide because of failure in examination. Unknown causes accounted for 122 suicides.In Maharashtra, 15,947 suicides were reported in 2011, of which 10,887 were males and 5,060 were females. In the state, too, family problem is the major reason for suicide (39.9%), followed by illness (25.63%).Medical experts said that helplines can support the individual and help him from taking the extreme step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17136373", "title": "Abandoned by kin, prisoner hangs self", "text": "KANPUR: A 30-year-old prisoner undergoing life imprisonment for killing his brother reportedly committed suicide inside Mati district jail at Kanpur Dehat.Identified as Devraj of Ladpur Kaith village, the man had been lodged in the special barrack of the Mati district jail since July 17 2009. The police said he had gone to the toilet late on Tuesday night where he apparently hanged himself from the hook of the door with the help of his trousers. Other inmates who spotted his body raised an alarm after which he was taken to the district hospital. The doctors however pronounced him dead-on-arrival.Jail officials said on Wednesday that Devraj may have been suffering from depression. \"He had allegedly murdered his brother Harnam on July 16, 2009 over a trivial issue. His father Janki Prasad had lodged a case against him at Derapur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135245", "title": "East Delhi to face power cuts in coming days", "text": "NEW DELHI: Residents of parts of east Delhi can expect some disruptions in power supply in the coming days. Power supplier BSES Yamuna has begun the modernization of its 66/11kV grid in Preet Vihar. While arrangements have been made to supply power through an alternative source, there is still a possibility of power interruptions in areas like AGCR Enclave, Harvansh Enclave, Kiran Vihar and Law Apartments.Officials said as part of their modernization plan, the existing oil-filled circuit breakers and panels in the Preet Vihar grid will be replaced with state-of-the-art gas filled Vacuum Circuit Breakers and panels. Once the work is completed, power supply to Preet Vihar and the adjoining areas will further improve, claim officials.The work, which will begin on Thursday, will be over by November 18. The work will take place between 10am and 5pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17135785", "title": "Young woman commits suicide in Gurgaon's Kherki Dhaula", "text": "GURGAON: A 20-year-old woman committed suicide at her house in Kherki Dhaula on Wednesday morning. Her body was found hanging from the ceiling fan of her room. Even as police have no clue on the reason behind the suicide, a source said the woman was due to be married on November 28.According to police, the victim, identified as Nisha, resident of Kherki Dhaula village, had hung herself with a rope in her room. Her family members informed police soon after spotting her body hanging from the ceiling fan.A police team from Kherki Dhaula police station reached the spot and took away the body. A senior police officer said that the victim was to be married at the end of this month. Her family members said that she was suffering from depression. \"We handed over the body to the next of kin after the post-mortem,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17137005", "title": "Traders up with slew of schemes", "text": "INDORE: In order to overcome the inflation heat and woo the consumers, local traders are offering various schemes to attract customers during the festive season. However, the drop in cracker sales has already dampened the spirit of the traders in the city who feel the sales may not even cross the mark, which was already achieved in the same season a year ago.An electronics goods chain, Lotus, is offering almost four schemes with one purchase. A customer interested in buying an LED would be offered schemes like cash back, sureshot gift, a chance for Dubai trip or discount vouchers for next purchase. Gaurav Pahwa, director, Lotus, said, \"Tough markets make customers a smart lot. They become of crystal clear of what they want to buy. On the other, it gives an opportunity to retailers to come up with something new.\"Easyday Market stores, has recently launched a month-long festive campaign, 'Kam daam mein dhoomdham',-an exquisite assortment of compelling deals and offers on all merchandise at its outlets. The scheme, which began on 13 October, comes to a close on 16 November.Jewellers have also come forward with their new attractive offers in their bid to lure customers. Punjabi Saraf, the local jeweler, will be charging the lowest making charge at Rs 199 per gram of gold &amp; diamond jewellery. The offer, which began on 28 October, will close on November 13. In yet another offer by the jeweler, one can book gold at currently existing price by payment of merely 20% of gold's price in advance. Ajay Anand, joint director, Punjabi Saraf, said, \"The idea behind these schemes was to let our customers know that there was no hidden cost involved in our products. Also, it has helped us get new customers.\"However, there are jewelers that are against any such offers. Gaurav Anand, director, Punjab Jewellers, which was not having any such scheme at the moment, said, \"Customers want good quality of gold jewellery that too in proper weight. If these things are ensured, there was no need to have any scheme to attract customers.\"Even there are a few traders that have come up with new products. The outdoor apparel &amp; footwear major, Woodland, has launched its autumn winter collection. Harkirat Singh, MD, woodland, said, \"Starting this season, we are launching a special series of products inspired by our CSR initiative 'ProPlanet'. The idea was to encourage youth for a green environment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17137588", "title": "Endosulfan issue can turn into a Bhopal, says govt", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government on Wednesday submitted before the high court that the endosulfan issue can become another Bhopal (tragedy). \"Endosulfan has affected all the three coastal districts. As per the Supreme Court order, it was not permitted to be sold in India and was to be exported alone. But it is still sold under different brand names. If this is permitted, it will lead to a Bhopal (tragedy),\" government advocate Ravindra G Kolle told the court.The bench allowed an impleading application filed by Endosulfan Manufacturers and Formulators Welfare Association ( EMFWA). The counsel for the association told the court that endosulfan is only a mild insecticide, which is nonpatented and cost-effective.At this stage, Justice BV Nagarathna referred to the problem persisting in coastal Karnataka of people afflicted by the use of endosulfan.\"There the mothers want their children to die,\" she observed, adding that the children have chronic brain damage and some cannot even move.The bench then directed the state, the central government and KSPCB to file a counter affidavit to the petition. A petition filed by the manufacturers association, which was pending before a single bench, was also clubbed with this suo motu PIL.The high court had treated a letter written by Justice KL Manjunath, senior judge of the high court, as a suo motu PIL.In his letter, Justice Manjunath said that endosulfan has polluted agricultural lands, more particularly water in Puttur, Sullia, Belthangady taluks in Dakshina Kannada district and Kundapur and Karkala taluks in Udupi district.The judge further said that endosulfan is already being phased out globally and Karnataka has also banned it. But the damage has already been done on victims and they are still suffering. He said the state government has not taken any steps to provide medical facility or rehabilitate victims by providing financial help.Endosulfan was sprayed on cashewnut plantations in the coastal districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17137733", "title": "Media blitz: Of drunk anchors and blackouts", "text": "WASHINGTON: It was media mayhem in US TV studios on results day. Power went off at ABC News for close to 20 minutes during crunch time when election results were just about streaming in, leaving much of its sets inaccessible.NBC News was the first to call the elections declaring Obama winner after he took Ohio . \"He remains president for a second term,\" the anchor declared.Things, though, turned a tad nasty at Fox News, where analyst Karl Rove questioned his network's declaration that Obama would stay president. He stumped his colleagues on the panel.But other networks soon joined in annoucing Obama winner. Soon, the anchor went backstage, the camera following her. She interviewed two Fox members making election calls. They explained that the situation was such that it was impossible for Romney to pip Obama.Though journalists emphasised they were not relying too heavily on exit poll results, TV stations sometimes ended up using the same facts to make contradictory conclusions. At another TV station, the anchor seemed to have begun celebrations a bit too early. She slurred over words and rolled the 'r's unnecessarily as she turned to the production team urging them to roll the music in as another big result got declared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17135596", "title": "No easy way out for stranded ship, says HC", "text": "CHENNAI: The ship which ran aground off the Chennai coast during cyclone Nilam - MT Pratibha Cauvery - strayed deeper into the legal quagmire, with the Madras high court ruling that it should not sail out of the territorial jurisdiction of the court till Friday.Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar, passing further orders on a petition filed by the brother of one of the crew members killed during an attempt to escape from the troubled ship, said that if the ship has to be moved out, its owner should deposit 6 crore in the court. \"Six persons have already died,\" the judge said.Sankara Narayanan, brother of second engineer Anand Mohandass, who drowned when his life boat capsized, filed the petition seeking an interim compensation of 25 lakh besides a detailed probe by a retired judge into the matter.On Wednesday, his counsel S Prabakaran insisted on a probe to ascertain as to how the vessel was granted permission to be docked in Chennai port though it did not have a seaworthiness certificate. Without mandatory requirements, how the vessel was allowed to carry tons of crude oil for a government-run oil company, he asked. He wanted to know how the ship was allowed to be at the outer anchorage of the port for 40 days.Slamming the Chennai city police for having registered a case of suspicious death, Prabakaran said that given the dereliction of duty on the part of the Chennai port authorities, the Coast Guard and the vessel owners, the police ought to have registered cases for offences punishable under Section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) of the IPC.Holding the vessel owners as being directly responsible for the tragedy, Prabakaran said six engineers had died of starvation. \"At times they had to survive by drinking the water dripping from the airconditioner,\" he claimed.Additional solicitor general for south India, G Masilamani, however, submitted that the government agencies were not at fault and that the owners alone should be held responsible. Justice Paul Vasanthakumar adjourned the matter to Friday for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17135759", "title": "Job drought in Kolkata, high debt too hard on freshers", "text": "KOLKATA: Howrah resident Rahul Singhal (name changed) failed to crack IIT-JEE in 2004. He took a Rs 10-lakh loan to pay for a BTech seat in Chennai. After four years, he did get the promised 'MNC job' in campus recruitment but with a measly pay packet of Rs 15,000. Six months later, he had to pay an EMI of Rs 12,000.\"It is impossible to repay my education loan on such a small salary. Barring the top15-20 students in the college, most of us were recruited for very low-paying jobs,\" said Singhal, who has changed his Howrah address and mobile phone number twice after receiving collection calls from the bank. And he isn't the only one.Stung by a weak job-market and low-paying jobs, the number of defaulters is rising in Kolkata. While IIT and IIM students still fare better, the banks have a torrid time with students of private engineering and management colleges. What's made it worse in the last few years is that jobs are drying up in Kolkata and students have to move to other \u00e2\u20ac\u201d more expensive \u00e2\u20ac\u201d cities. It's another matter living in 'babar-hotel' on a Rs 20,000-a-month pay and paying off a Rs 12,000 EMI but quite another scraping the barrel in Delhi, Mumbai or Bangalore on the same salary.Sreemoyi Roy (name changed) reflects the sense of hopelessness that grips a majority of freshers saddled with bank debts early in their life. She graduated in human resources management from a private college in Noida in 2009 and got a job in New Delhi that paid Rs 30,000 a month. \"I had taken a loan of Rs 8-lakh. After paying EMI, I was left with hardly any money to cover even my living expenses, like food and a roof,\" she said. She paid her EMI for seven months and couldn't continue. She quit and returned to Kolkata in November 2011 for a Rs 22,000 job. \"There are some who earn quite a lot but do not want to repay their loan, but people like me are helpless,\" said Roy.Rohit Mishra (name changed) of Kalyani feels the banks should be more lenient. \"If the job market is weak, the banks should be more sensitive to students' plight. Instead, they increased the interest rates two years back,\" he grumbled.Mishra took a Rs 5-lakh loan in 2008 to study chemical engineering in Chennai. After passing out in 2010, he failed to get a job in campus recruitment and has been slogging at a Wipro call centre to pay off his education loan.According to Mishra, however, there are also some \"habitual defaulters\". \"These people have got good jobs, but still refuse to re-pay the loans. Secondly, students from small-towns form a major chunk that takes education loans unaware of the implications of defaulting. They have a 'I-will-see-when-it-happens' approach when it comes to avoiding repayment,\" he said.Sometimes, even bagging a job might not be enough. Some students of Techno India, for instance, got recruited in May 2012, but are still awaiting a joining letter. \"I can understand the problem of the loan defaulters, especially students of private engineering colleges. I got a job, but I am still awaiting the joining letter. It's very tough to get a job in this market,\" said a Techno India student, who did her BTech in information technology and secured a job with TCS in May.\"Though the placement has been good in our college this year, the effect of the economic slow-down could be seen in the recruitment process in most colleges. Getting jobs in some hard-core engineering sectors has become a little tough now and it may grow worse with time,\" said a senior official at the placement cell of Techno India.Even in the IIMs, seven in hundred students default education loan. \"The condition in the private colleges is bad. Their fee is as high as ours, but recruitment is risky there,\" said Ashwin Murali, an IIM-C student and the external relations secretary. The reason he cites is that there are many students who take the loan and go abroad, which makes it very difficult for the banks to track them down.\"Even if we get a job which pays us a salary of Rs 80,000- 90,000, we will not be able to survive in places like Delhi, Mumbai or Bangalore. If I have taken an education loan of 15 lakh from a government bank at a 10.75% interest rate, I will have to pay Rs 25,000 in EMIs for seven years,\" added Murali.Another reason cited by a senior banker is the age-group of the applicants. \"They take a loan at a time when they are unaware of the long-term consequences of defaulting. That it will adversely affect their credit history and stop banks from disbursing any loans to them further is not known to them. There is also a general lack of awareness which is adding to such defaulters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17136806", "title": "Pune filmmaker\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s debut film wins jury award in New York", "text": "PUNE: City-based theatre veteran and filmmaker Mohit Takalkar's directorial debut film, 'The Bright Day', has won the grand jury prize and the best director award at the South Asian International Film Festival in New York.The film was competing against a stellar line up, which included Gregory Bonsignore and John Petaja's 'Or Die', Yaz Rabadi's 'The Beared' and also 'Pune 52', a joint production by national award winning duo Umesh and Girish Kulkarni and Indian Magic Eye Motion Pictures.Speaking to TOI, Takalkar said, \"It's a recognition of the entire team's hard work and efforts. I know it's just an award, but it feels nice that the film you make resonates with someone in the other part of the world. It reinstates the faith in my work. I'm happy for the entire team who has made each moment of The Bright Day, brighter and brought it alive.\"'The Bright Day' received a resounding success at the world premiere in the Toronto International Film Festival as well as the Calgary International Film Festival in Canada. It had made its first India screening at the Mumbai Film Festival recently.Takalkar also wrote the screenplay and edited the film as well. Produced by Abhijeet Bhosle and White Copper Entertainment, the film is about a road journey of a Pune youth - Shiv, played by Sarang Sathaye, who is in his 20s and lives a comfortable life with friends and family.Shiv abandons his girlfriend and family to set out on a spiritual quest. He ventures out, completely vulnerable, on a journey that takes him through a diverse landscapes of life: arid, vast, claustrophobic, open, abundant. He faces insecurity, enjoys adventure and freedom and learns about different philosophies. He encounters various people on the way. Some resolved, some confused and some in-between, but each seeking something. Though there is an assurance in finding co-travelers on the path, no two stories are alike.The film was shot in Pune, Varanasi and Jaisalmer.Besides Sathaye, the cast comprises mainly theatre artistes, including Shernaz Patel, Rajit Kapur, Mohan Agashe, Radhika Apte and Robin Das among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17136807", "title": "Mutagi bravery award for swimming coach", "text": "BELGAUM: Umesh Kalghatgi, a city-based swimming coach for the disabled, has received Mutagi Bravery Award for his dedicated service to the society since the past 15 years. Shankargouda Patil, chairman of Forest Industries Development Corporation (FIDC) conferred award to Kalghatagi here on Sunday, on the eve of 7th death anniversary of late BR Mutagi. Mutagi family honours the achievers in the different fields with social concern every year, by giving an award in the name of Late B RMutagi, a President's award winner teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17136446", "title": "Ganga\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s destruction planned, part of a conspiracy, says seer", "text": "VARANASI: Blaming the state and central government for the plight of River Ganga, the Shankaracharya of Govardhan Math Peeth Puri Swami Nischalanand Saraswati has alleged the governments are part of an international conspiracy to destroy the holy river which is a religious and cultural symbol of the country.The seer is in the city for a four-day visit. Talking to reporters at Dakshinamurty Math, Asi on Wednesday, he said the weaknesses of common citizens are responsible for only 5% pollution of the Ganga while 95% of the pollution comes from the government machinery at both central and state levels.In Uttarakhand, about 90% of the river's course has been distorted is a planned way, he said. After the damage done to the Ganga by Tehri dam, a chain of another 558 dams are set to harm the river further. Even the Himalayas, which are a strategic symbol of the nation's security and integrity are being threatened in the name of development, he rued.The Joshimath, one of the four maths established by Adi Shankaracharya is today on the brink of extinction as a tunnel has been made under it, he said, adding that governments, whether led by Congress or BJP at the centre and states, played an equal role in destroying the Ganga.He further said the movement of Mahamana Madan Mohan Malviya during the British period succeeded in saving the stream of Ganga from bondage, independent India is witnessing a trail of distortion and the destruction of the river's course. The Ganga Action Plan initiated by the then Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi badly failed to achieve its target.The fact is that the Ganga became more polluted and was threatened since then. The Ganga is bearing the pollution from towns in five states including Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand and West Bengal. Besides, other states including Hariyana, Delhi, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan are also contributing to the pollution through other rivers and tributaries like Yamuna, Chambal, Kshipra and Gomti.The seer said that there is a lack of awareness regarding the river among the people. The ruling class and the governments have created a great hype over 'development' just to comfort the intellectual as well as business class, which have influence over the governments. The common man does not pose any challenge to the governments.According to him, the government machinery tactfully plays a game of divide and rule to weaken people's movement that can pose a challenge to its authority. To foil people's movement on certain issues, the government creates dummy leadership that ultimately serves the purpose of the government. A similar thing is happening with the Ganga and Ram Mandir of Ayodhya. The crisis is that the Hindus have been divided into 'party and panth' (party and community).There is no established leadership among the Hindus, and they failed to choose 'Astha ka kendra' (a symbol or centre of their faith). In the absence of a cultural symbol, the Hindu society is divided and its energy is fragmented, he said.\"I can just give my advice and guidance. Two years ago when I was in Kashi to make an attempt to bring all organisations fighting for Ganga on a single platform, I found that it was difficult for them to go together united. It is really unfortunate,\" lamented the seer. But he has not lost all hope. \"There is need of some special strategy to address the problem sincerely,\" he said.I can just give my advice and guidance. Two years ago when I was in Kashi to make an attempt to bring all organisations fighting for Ganga on a single platform, I found that it was difficult for them to go together united. It is really unfortunate. There is need of some special strategy to address the problem sincerely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17135694", "title": "Gurgaon builders booked for duping flat buyers", "text": "GURGAON: FIRs have been lodged against the directors of Pal Infrastructure Pvt Ltd on the charges of cheating and criminal breach of trust by DLF-I police. Some other cases of fraud and cheating are pending against the same builder firm but police have not made any arrests so far.A retired major, P Sahi, a resident of Kannur, Kerala, has alleged that the builder firm duped him in the name of selling a flat. The victim alleged that he had paid Rs 10.53 lakh at the time of the agreement but the builder neither provided him flat nor returned the money.Top police officers had instructed economic offences wing (EOW) to conduct an inquiry in the case. On the recommendation of the EOW, DLF-I police have lodged an FIR against Rajesh Yadav and Manav Chandera, directors of Pal Infrastructure Pvt Ltd, under Section 420/406 of IPC.Sanchita Ghosh, a resident of DLF Phase III, has also lodged a complaint with police against the same builder firm. She alleged that she had booked a flat, located in Pal Tower, Sikanderpur, Gurgaon, in 2006. She had paid Rs 2.54 lakh at the time of booking the flat. But she never got any flat. Police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17135282", "title": "Saina Nehwal not averse to joining public life", "text": "HYDERABAD: Saina Nehwal may seriously consider the option of joining politics and public life after her badminton career is over.This was revealed by the badminton champion herself - in response to a pointed question - at the launch of her autobiography in the city on Wednesday.\"Right now, my full time vocation is badminton\", Saina said, not making bones that she is aiming for the gold medal in the 2016 Olympics.The Hyderabad girl won bronze at the London Olympics.The book was jointly released by ace shooter Gagan Narang and the Resident Editor of The Times Of India Kingshuk Nag.\"I think talent is not enough and hard work is very important. I would say 40% talent and 60% hard work goes towards the making of a champion and yes, of course, discipline is an imperative,\" Saina said.\"If I have to pinpoint one single factor that has gone towards my success, it is the fact that I play to win. Winning gives me the inspiration to carry on day after day, week after week, month after month,\" Saina said in response to a question.In terms of special people who had made her what she is, Saina said that her mother and her coach Pullela Gopichand would surely be counted in that category.On her coach she said: \"I find Gopi sir a lot cooler than several other coaches. He encourages me by saying you are doing a lot for India and you are our gold.\"Saina added: \"Whatever the coaches ask me to do, I do perfectly.\"Narang, who also won a bronze at the London Olympics, chipped in saying that sportspersons have the right credentials to join public life and politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135189", "title": "Spurned lover says he only gave contract to slap girl, not slash her", "text": "MUMBAI: Jayesh Patil, the spurned suitor who had offered a contract to attack a college-going girl last week, told the Bhoiwada police that he had only planned to slap her and not slash her face. The girl, Mona Chaudhary, 20, had to undergo plastic surgery, after she was slashed on her face multiple times in Parel on November 2. The slasher, Prashant Hule, was arrested the same day and spilled the beans on Patil.\"Patil had a relationship with Mona and wanted to marry her. But Mona's parents had fixed her marriage with another youth. Mona then started avoiding contact with Patil,\" an investigating official said. \"An angry Patil then offered a contract of Rs 5,000 to attack Mona. He arranged for youths from Diva and Dharavi for the task. Those hired were Hule, Ganesh Chalvadi, Sudarshan Pantal, Haresh Kaushal and Sunil Nimgire. All six (aged between 20 and 24 years) are in police custody.\"According to the police, Patil also offered liquor parties to the five men in a bid to persuade them for the task. The youths then started keeping a watch on Mona's schedule. \"Hule initially claimed that he slashed Mona's face as she had insulted his friend, Sunil, when the latter accidentally pushed her. But Mona clarified that she had neither seen Hule or Nimgire before,\" an officer said. In a second statement, Mona spoke about her past relationship with Patil. This prompted the police to look into the spurned lover angle. Hule finally admitted that Patil had hired him. \"Patil is the main conspirator,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136227", "title": "Dean and doctors decry government neglect of Government Medical College Hospital", "text": "NAGPUR: As three 4-year-old girls walked in dressed in traditional Maharashtrian attire, complete with the nose and ear rings and cummerbunds, they had the natural hesitation of any kid their age. Speaking in hushed, uncertain terms they uttered exclamations like 'Isshaa'. This was not a scene of a kindergarten school fancy dress competition but the celebration of cancer awareness week at the radiotherapy department of Government Medical College Hospital (GMCH).Cancer patients and survivors, who got treated at GMCH all the way from places like Yavatmal, Amravati and Washim came together on Wednesday to help each other be stronger. On the occasion, officials of the hospital including dean Dr Rajaram Powar, head of the department Dr KM Kamble, and South Nagpur MLA Dinanath Padole also spoke about the severe shortage of facilities at the hospital. Lack of sanitation and less number of Class IV workers were two major limitations they said were hampering the hospital's care giving.While speaking of the difficulties that the patients face, Dr Kamble got emotional. He told of a mother who had to sell off her gold jewellery and a father who had to sell property so their kids could continue the cancer treatment and medication. He said it was sad that despite such cases being common, government still did not look serious about maintaining good quality cancer treatment facilities in the state.Padole, who has been writing to the ministers on issues pertaining to the hospital, was especially outspoken. \"When we talk to medical education minister Vijay Kumar Gavit about basic problem of sanitation, he says that it would be outsourced. However, we are getting the same reply for a year now. Other ministers, too, have never given anything but assurances,\" he said. He also said that he would press the matter with the chief minister soon.A patients from the hospital and the city chief of Bureau of Indian Standards NP Kawale said he would rate GMCH very high on patient care. He said the doctors and staffers had been very supportive and did not need to take even a day's leave for his treatment.'Cancer dept may close down this way'This was perhaps the first time that officials of GMCH spoke publicly about the sorry state of affairs in the hospital. During the cancer awareness week celebrations at the hospital, MLA Dinanath Padole said with the ICU lacking essential medicines, the condition of other departments could only be imagined. He also felt sorry that despite such things not being the responsibility of deans and doctors, they ended up getting all the flak. Dr Kamble said he had been sending proposal to make the department a state-of-the-art cancer institute since February. \"On the one hand there has been no response, on the other the existing machines also keep breaking down for want of material. We do not even have a linear accelerator,\" he said. Despite several proposals sent to the state government for this, and for the less number of staff but there has been no response or action, he said in a choked voice adding that the department may soon close down if this continued.Dean Dr Powar also acknowledged the many problems and said that the hospital authorities have been trying for long to get things moving. \"However, we are adding more departments and facilities in the hospital spread over 200 acres. As of today, 320 posts of Class IV workers are vacant, which also increases pressure on the existing workforce,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17135644", "title": "Senior cop claims he was assaulted in Hazratganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: A DSP posted with the CM's security was allegedly assaulted by employees of a business group in Hazratganj following a dispute over parking of the police officer's car. The accused however claimed that the DSP, while parking his car outside their office, had bumped into a motorcycle of their fellow employee and when they objected to it, the police officer first assaulted them and then implicated them in a false case.However, the employees of the RK Group say that it was the officer -- Harendra Singh -- who bashed them up and then lodged a complaint with the Hazratganj police accusing them of assaulting him instead. On the basis of his complaint, police rounded up Sajjal Sen Gupta of Unnao and Rohit Sharma of Butler Palace. Both of them are posted as managers at the RK Group. Police arrested two of the accused who were present at the scene while the rest of their aides had slipped away from scene by then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17135982", "title": "Ficci meet fizzles out in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: The poor perception about Kolkata and West Bengal in rest of India was reflected in the low turnout at the executive committee (EC) meeting of Federation of Indian Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry (Ficci) in the city on Wednesday with only a sixth of the EC members attending the meet.Of the 343 members in the EC, around 70 members attended the meeting, half the usual strength that attends when meetings are held outside Delhi or Mumbai. \"I flew down to attend the meeting because it coincided with a personal engagement. But several friends I spoke to just weren't interested as the state and the city have a pretty bleak image outside. There was a lot of anticipation in the industry with the change of guard last year. But that's all disappeared and perception of Bengal is back to being where it was in the 1980s,\" an industrialist present at the Ficci meet told TOI.Another Ficci member was blunt and said the investment climate here was simply not conducive. \"The government stand on land is inexplicable. But even if land is there, people will not come till perception improves. Bengal has a good consumer base but people are not willing to set up industry here because they do not feel assured about doing business hassle-free,\" he said, adding that Bengal needed to step down from the high pedestal and woo business aggressively by rolling out the red carpet.He was referring to the CM's decision to stay away from the chambers meet, an opportunity that other chief ministers lap up to build bridges with industrialists.While Mamata Banerjee abstains from red carpets, Ficci president RV Kanoria believes a realization about the urgency to act positively has dawned. Addressing a press conference after meeting the CM at the Writers' Buildings, Kanoria said the meeting had been fruitful, with the CM even agreeing to be present at investment summits in Delhi, Mumbai and elsewhere.\"Ficci will work with the West Bengal government. We want to build on the positive message she wants to send out. Such investor meets will help the state government to spread the message,\" said Kanoria, adding that Mamata is likely to attend Ficci annual general meeting in New Delhi on December 15.While shirking questions on the exit of a private cargo handing firm at Haldia dock complex and its implication on the state's battered image, Kanoria said the CM's stand against bandhs and strikes was praiseworthy.\"There has been a tremendous improvement in loss of mandays,\" he said. At the state secretariat, Mamata rattled off statistics. In 2009-10, 68 lakh mandays were lost. In 2010-11, the loss was down to 65 lakh mandays and till this September, only 5,200 mandays have been lost, most of them due to the Citu-called bandh, she claimed.On the contentious land issue, Kanoria felt the government needed to become willing to procure for industry. \"Land policy issue needs to be addressed more positively in India and Bengal. It isn't for the benefit of an individual setting up the industry but good for the region and the country. That realization has to dawn,\" said Kanoria.While the CM said the state wanted to set up cold chain and logistics centres in Siliguri and Kolkata, the Ficci team did not point to the inherent contradiction given her opposition to FDI in retail. \"There is a misconception in certain quarters, including Bengal, that traders will get replaced. That is absolutely unfounded. There is a need to look at FDI from the point of technology,\" said Ficci president elect Naina Lal Kidwai.During the meeting at Writers' Buildings, the Ficci team also stressed on the need for a state textile policy that complements the central policy. \"If India is to be competitive in the sector and provide yarn and textiles to the country, Bengal has to be the production house for supply to next-door neighbours,\" said Ficci vice-president Sidhharth Birla.Mamata had viewed the suggestions favourably and asked Ficci to draw up a draft policy on the sector and a vision document for tourism. \"She displayed a child-like enthusiasm to promote tourism in the state. The state's beauty is unquestionable. But what is important is plugging the gaps in infrastructure. Road connectivity is also very important to drive tourism. Bengal needs to participate in meets like the Great Tourism Bazaar to bridge the disconnect between what Bengal has to offer and what tourists want and expect,\" said Kidwai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17138110", "title": "Techies put their \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcAvishkar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 on the display at MNNIT", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The second day at Avishkar, the techno-management fest of MNNIT, Allahabad, kicked off with enthusiasm and great ideas as students from all branches of the college as well from all over the country assembled together with novel innovations.The beautiful morning was made even more so by the event \"Udaan\" where the aeromodelling aspirants build and displayed chuck gliders, engine-less planes made of wood that fly in the wind. An event \"Tech-Talks\" was organized for the students where professionals from the renowned investment bank Goldman Sachs including Bala Subramaniyam, Vice President, Equities Technology informed students about the rapid advancements in the field of program writing, stock market data changes and handling etc. It was very helpful to arouse interest of the young minds in the new technology.Quizmasters from Guwahati came in to conduct the Business Quiz and Entertainment Quiz where many students participated to display and enhance their knowledge in the respective fields. War of Currents, a technical quiz for electrical engineers was also organized. Students from schools continued their participation in various events of \"Jigyasa\".Other event that took place during the day are Tuxwars, a computer science event, where students solved problems of Linux networking; Impromptu, a platform for electronics minds to design on-the-spot circuits; Concube, a competition of concrete building; Clairvoyance, a biotech paper presentation event; Verte Globo, an event to help chemical engineers create eco-friendly technology and CAD Walk, a competition to allow mechanical engineers simulate their imagination.A tech fest is incomplete without the robotics events. The arena of Robomania was inaugurated in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bhavnagar", "code": "17137334", "title": "Woman torched to death by husband in Bhavnagar", "text": "BHAVNAGAR: A 45-year-old woman was allegedly burnt to death by her husband here on Tuesday night. The victim Kajal Koli was a resident of Apana Nagar in Kumbarvada area.Sources said that Kajal had a tiff with her husband Gobar Koli on Tuesday night over a petty issue following which he allegedly threw kerosene on her and torched her. Kajal was rushed to the civil hospital with major burn injuries and she succumbed on Wednesday.\"The couple used to have frequent quarrels over petty issues. Following one such quarrel, Kajal had gone on to stay with another person for three months and had returned only six days ago. She had been married thrice and Koli was her third husband. They used to fight over issues related to their poverty and Koli suspecting her of adultery,'' said Vijaysinh Parmar, police inspector, D Division police station. Koli has been booked for murder and is yet to be arrested as he managed to flee from the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17136711", "title": "Didn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t know of police operation: Mamata Banerjee", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17137385", "title": "Awareness drive launched to lessen man-animal conflict", "text": "RAJKOT: Alarmed over rising number of deaths due to leopard attacks, forest department has launched an awareness drive in areas around Veraval and Sutrapada to minimize human-wildlife conflicts.In the last 12 months, at least six persons, mostly children, have been mauled to death by leopards. The victims are mostly migrant labourers, who come from Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh for sugarcane cutting.There are at least 6,000 migrant families who come and stay in nearly 104 villages of Veraval and Sutrapada talukas, where sugarcane is grown. There are at least 20 leopards stalking the area.According to officials, the migrants mostly stay in open fields which makes them more vulnerable to attacks by wild animals.\"We have been going to labourers to make them aware about the possible conflict with wildlife where they make their makeshift huts. We tell them to either sleep to inside the huts or create fencing around the huts which may help them ward off the attacks,\" range forest officer, Veraval range, B V Padsala said.Also, the staple food of most migrants is fish and its smell attracts the wild cats. \"Labour contractors do not provide safe and adequate accommodation to these migrants,\" a senior forest official said.Sources said at least 12 people have been killed by wild animals in Amreli and Junagadh district, too, during the last 14 months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17136866", "title": "Indian Academy of Paediatrics demand inclusion of pneumonia vaccine in national immunization program", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Indian Academy of Paediatrics, Coimbatore Chapter, emphasised the need to include Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccine in the national immunization program as priority in the country, to reduce the death of young children due to Pneumonia.India accounts for about 25 per cent of the world's total Pneumonia death and there is need to emphasise the importance of preventive measures to curb the pneumonia threat, Usha Elango , president, IAP, Coimbatore Chapter, told reporters in a meeting organised to announce the flagging of awareness campaigns on the occasion of World Pneumonia day on November 12.She said infants, neonates, premature babies between 24-59 months with underdeveloped lungs, narrow airways, poor nutrition and immature immune system are at high risk of contracting pneumococcal infections.Like other vaccinations given at the earlier stage to prevent diseases, the inclusion of PCV is yet to be part of the programme, which would help prevent pneumonia in children.As of now, only two companies are supplying the vaccine which continues to be expensive. At least four doses of the vaccine should be given to the child and each costs about Rs3,000. She said the high cost of the vaccination continues to be a burden for the poor. If the government includes the vaccination in the programme it would help reach more children.T M Manickaraj, former IAP, president and consultant paediatrician, Sarnaya Clinic, Coimbatore, said annually India witnesses 45 million pneumonia cases among children under 5 years of which 0.37 million die due to the disease.According to the World Health Organisation , streptococcus pneumonia responsible pneumococcal disease is the prime cause for hospitalisation and death among children below five years.Pneumococcal disease comprises of pneumonia (lung infection), meningitis (brain infection), bactermia (blood infection), Otitis media (ear infection) and sinusitis (sinus infection).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17137637", "title": "Too early for BS Yeddyurappa to celebrate big show", "text": "BANGALORE: As BS Yeddyurappa gloats over his Tuesday luncheon meet-turned-show of strength, there remains a niggling uncertainty about the whole episode. While the Lingayat strongman may have mobilized 60-odd legislators and 10 MPs and sent jitters to his rivals, within BJP and outside, the big question is: how many of those who he broke bread with would actually go with him after he quits BJP?Barring his staunch supporters, not all are convinced that the former chief minister can bank on all those who trooped in to his Dollars Colony residence on Tuesday afternoon.\"I am sure at least 80% of those who attended his luncheon meeting will not go with him the moment he quits the BJP. This will include some of his so-called loyalists who are now ministers in the Jagadish Shettar government,\" said M N Patil, a political analyst.A senior minister, who is part of anti-Yeddyurappa camp, believes the rebel leader is under some illusion. \"He thinks his new party will take off instantly and manage to get 60-70 seats. He feels he can emerge as a kingmaker if not the king himself. But I don't think politics is that simple,\" he said.Deputy chief minister R Ashoka still believes that Yeddyurappa will not go to the extent of quitting the party. \"I am sure his heart is still in the BJP and it will do good for himself and the party if he stays on,\" he said.But Yeddyurappa, it appears, is clearly in no mood as he prepares for the launch of his new party on December 10 in Haveri.Meanwhile, the BJP central leadership appears not to have given up hope and is continuing its efforts to persuade Yeddyurappa to remain in the party. The cancellation of the scheduled meeting of MLAs and MPs on Wednesday called by state BJP president K S Eshwarappa, a known BSY baiter, is said to be at the behest of the leadership.\"Going by the number of MLAs who attended Tuesday's meeting, it is apparent now that Yeddyurappa still wields clout in the BJP,\" said M D Lakshminarayana, BJP MLC and Yeddyurappa loyalist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17136574", "title": "Patna high court to Muzaffarpur DM: Probe funds bungling", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Tuesday directed the district magistrate and district development commissioner of Muzaffarpur to consider the applications filed before them for taking action against the mukhiyas and panchayat secretaries concerned for alleged misappropriation of Indira Awas Yojna (IAY) funds in accordance with law.A division bench of Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh issued the directive while hearing a PIL of an advocate, Sanjeev Kumar, alleging misappropriation of IAY funds in four blocks of Muzaffarpur district by giving money to 260 persons for construction of houses under different names.The petitioner's counsel, Mirgendra Kumar, submitted that the mukhiyas and panchayat secretaries of the concerned panchayats were responsible for disbursal of IAY funds to 260 persons in different names several times.Shahabu case: A single bench of Justice B P Verma on Tuesday passed an order to stay the trial of a criminal case against former Siwan MP, Md Shahabuddin, till November 26, after hearing the state government's revision petition for adding charges under Section 302 IPC for murder of two persons, who were allegedly kidnapped by his goons.In its revision petition, the state government had challenged the order of the additional district and sessions judge 1-cum-special judge, Siwan (jail) court, S K Pandey, who had rejected the petition of the state government for adding the charge of murder with the charges of kidnapping, criminal conspiracy causing disappearance of the bodies of two youths, Girish Kumar and Satish Kumar, in the sessions trial case no. 158/2010 against Shahabuddin.Building construction: A division bench of Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh, on Tuesday, directed principal secretary, building construction department, to dispose of the representation of the petitioner, Shankar Tiwari, for taking action against the district garden officer, Patna, for misappropriation of funds from April, 2011, to May, 2012.Pleading the PIL, DK Tandon submitted that the officer was delegated the power of drawing and disbursing money for %garden development in the city only on May 12, 2012, and before that he had drawn and disbursed more than Rs 1 crore without any delegated power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17139482", "title": "Rocking song for Premji in 'Settai'", "text": "Arya, Santhanam, Premji Amaran, Hansika and Anjali, 'Settai' is slated to release in early 2013. Bannered under UTV Productions, 'Settai' is the remake of Bollywood hit 'Delhi Belly'. Starring Arya, Santhanam, Premji Amaran, Hansika and Anjali, 'Settai' is slated to release in early 2013. The music, composed by S Thaman, will be released in the first week of December.Settai is already creating a lot of buzz in the industry. Settai has Arya as a journalist, Premgi as a cartoonist and Santhanam as a centre page photographer.Premgi Amaren tweeted \"At Settai song recording with @MusicThaman and director Kannan sir, Thaman made a kick ass song in Settai for me.\"Thaman had also tweeted \"With @Premgiamaren for # Settai had a super recording session.\"Premji is also a part of Venkat Prabhu's Biriyani and is set to have undergone a hairstyle makeover. Is this the new hairstyle that he would be sporting in 'Biriyani'?Image Courtesy: Premgi Amaren's twitter page", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17137155", "title": "CBI probes Amit Shah link in Sadiq encounter", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Trouble is brewing in another quarter for former minister of state for home, Amit Shah , who is accused in fake encounter cases of Sohrabuddin Sheikh and Tulsiram Prajapati.The Central Bureau of Investigation, which is investigating the Sadiq Jamal Mehtar case, is chasing links which possibly show Shah's involvement in the encounter which took place on January 13, 2003.However, legal eagles associated with encounter cases of Sohrabuddin and Prajapati say the CBI, often accused of toeing political line, may not proceed further until the Gujarat elections are over in mid-December.Even though Narendra Modi is in a 'Sadbhavana' mode vis-a-vis Muslims, the Congress apparently fears that naming Shah in the encounter of a Muslim at this juncture may again give political ammunition to the Gujarat chief minister who had exploited the Sohrabuddin case in the 2007 elections.The CBI has to file a chargesheet in the Sadiq case before December 31. Out on bail, Shah is the right-hand man of Modi in preparations for the crucial assembly polls on December 13 and 17.The CBI sources said that investigation has revealed that Shah had made calls to D G Vanzara, who is currently in jail for his role in Sohrabuddin and Prajapati encounters, on the day of Sadiq's encounter by the city crime branch near Galaxy Cinema in Naroda, Ahmedabad. Earlier, DySP Tarun Barot was also arrested in this case.CBI has obtained call details from telecom companies for the said period only to expectedly discover that frequency of communication between the former minister and Vanzara was very high during early January of 2003, say CBI sources.The CBI probed this aspect on basis of claims made by former Mumbai journalist Ketan Tirodkar, who was arrested in this case in July this year and was released last month on default bail. In his affidavit filed before Maharashtra Organised Crime Control Act (MCOCA) court, Tirodkar claimed that it was he who introduced Sadiq, a petty criminal from Bhavnagar who was passed off as an LeT operative, to Mumbai's encounter specialist Daya Nayak. Tirodkar claims Nayak handed him over to the Gujarat police as a gesture to appease a senior Gujarat politician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17139571", "title": "Tripping on tribal art", "text": "Shopaholics in Bangalore are gearing up for Diwali by hitting the shops to fill their goodie bags with gifts for their loved ones .Those with a taste for the traditional have headed to the Sampoorn Crafts Festival 2012, a handicrafts expo that enables artisans to showcase not only their skills, but also their products.The first-time attraction for craft lovers will include live demonstrations by artisans of how they make miniature paintings, leather puppets, Patwa crafts, traditional jewellery, Sanjhi arts on paper and Kondapalli puppets. The new crafts that will be showcased include Pokhran terracotta, hair braiding from Rajasthan, black stone pottery from Nagaland , filigree work from Orissa and paper craft from different regions of the country. With Diwali round the corner, Sampoorn has ensured that weavers from different parts of the country bring in contemporary products that entice Gen Next. The textile collection includes Chanderi fabrics and saris, Maheshwari fabrics, Ilkal saris, Ikat collections, Pochampally saris, Kalamkari and Chettinad saris. According to Shalini Sudarshan, secretary, Sampoorn, \"This edition of the expo is a fusion of language and culture. Around 150 artists from 23 states will showcase their talent and retail their wares. It will be a unique experience to witness mesmerizing art from different regions, cultures and environments under a single roof.\" Shalini adds that the expo will reflect the flavour of rural India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17135422", "title": "Ghaziabad heist: 4 held, Rs 13 lakh found", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Police have arrested the four criminals who committed the daring bank robbery at the District Cooperative Bank in Sihani Gate area of Ghaziabad and casually took a city bus to escape. Cops said the four accused went on a spree across Uttar Pradesh, spending their recently acquired money in fancy hotels across Meerut, Moradabad, Lucknow and Agra before returning to Ghaziabad from where they were arrested.Police said that accused have been identified as Mukesh, Ajay, Monu and Javed, aged between 25 and 35. The four criminals had entered the bank and held the manager at gunpoint before proceeding to disconnect the CCTV cameras and steal over Rs 15 lakh on October 31.After committing the crime, the four had simply walked out of the bank with the money stuffed in two bags and pockets of their clothes and boarded a city bus to escape. With their recently acquired money, the four travelled to a number of cities and partied in expensive hotels, frequently changing locations and leading the police on a chase that lasted a week. The four then returned to Ghaziabad, their native place, and were arrested.Police said that along with the arrest of the four people from the Hindon Vihar area of Ghaziabad, they have also managed to recover almost Rs 13 lakh of the stolen money. The robbers weren't wearing masks and the CCTV camera has captured them entering the bank. The CCTV images gave police the needed identity proof to nab the robbers, cops said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17137002", "title": "Police lathicharge protesting students", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University campus turned into a battleground as students protesting against hike in mess charges came to blows with police on Wednesday afternoon. The cops reportedly resorted to lathicharge as students tried to jump over gates of vice-chancellor's office to press their demand for a rollback of mess charges from Rs 30 to Rs 24 per meal.Representatives of Students for Society (SFS), Students Federation of India (SFI) and Panjab University StudentsUnion ( PUSU) had gathered outside the VC office to underscore their demand.While students, including girls, claimed that they were beaten up by police, PU authorities and cops denied the charge. Students tried to cross all limits and jump over the gates of VC office. But, they were not lathicharged. And, there is no question of a rollback, said Amrik Singh Ahluwalia, dean, students welfare, PU.The intervention of the VC and the DSW did little to pacify the students, who besides rollback sought food subsidy. Gross injustice is being meted out to students. \"PU should find a solution the hike will burn a hole in our pocket,\" said SFS general secretary Sachinder Pal.A meeting of dean, wardens, student council members and VC was held during the day to resolve the matter, though no rollback was considered. \"Unwillingness of mess contractors to continue with the previous prices has created pressure on the authorities,\" university officials said.However, a committee has been formed to look into the revision of Student Centre food rates. Meanwhile, a team of doctors examined two students whose hunger strike against the hike entered the second day on Wednesday. The price increase from Rs 24 to Rs 30 in boys hostel and from Rs 22.50 to Rs 28.50 in girls hostel has triggered a wide-spread protest across all departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17136470", "title": "Lokayuktas seek more powers", "text": "HYDERABAD: Just days after Rahul Gandhi assured the nation from the recent 'welcome FDI rally' at Delhi that his party would certainly bring in a Lokpal for the country, almost all the existing Lokayuktas in various states of the country assembled at Delhi and unanimously urged the Centre, states, the Supreme Court and the high courts to give them more teeth to deal with graft cases in a more effective way.The first and foremost among their resolutions is the need to bring in all the public servants under the purview of Lokayuktas. While in states like Karnataka, even a chief minister falls under a Lokayukta purview, in some states the institution cannot even look at the alleged corrupt roles played by all India service officials. The conference of Lokayuktas has urged the high authorities of the Centre and states to bring in all public servants, irrespective of their political or bureaucratic status, under the jurisdiction of Lokayuktas. Even the non-governmental organizations (NGOs) receiving funds from the government should fall under the purview of public servants and should accordingly come under Lokayuktas, the conference resolved unanimously.The Lokayuktas also sought civil contempt powers to punish those who disobey their orders. They urged the higher judiciary not to entertain the pleas of the accused officials who by questioning the jurisdiction and other technical grounds, are stalling the Lokayukta probes even at the preliminary enquiry stage. Another important resolution that was passed in the conference was that the Lokayukta Act should be amended in such a way that only the final orders passed by the Lokayuktas can be made amenable for challenge and not during the enquiry stage. They also sought the inclusion of the investigating agencies under their supervisory control.In fact they sought that Lokayukta be made a nodal agency to deal with all corruption and maladministration cases. The conference of Lokayuktas also sought search and seizure powers for all the Lokayuktas. Like human rights commissions, the Lokayuktas too should be able to implead themselves as parties before the higher judiciary to put forward their view points in relevant contexts.AP Lokayukta Justice B Subhashan Reddy too attended this meet. When asked about the outcome of the conference, he told the media on Tuesday that they only make recommendations to the authorities and whether or not they will legislate the needed amendments to the Lokayukta Act is entirely up to them. We conveyed our concerns and our job is over, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135209", "title": "Court rejects alimony plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: A woman has been denied alimony from her estranged husband by a Delhi court after it discovered she deliberately left her job to become eligible for the sum.Refusing to order the woman's husband to pay her maintenance, the court noted she had concealed facts. Metropolitan magistrate Shivali Sharma noted that she had left her job and later took admission at a private university just to claim maintenance.\"Since the petitioner(woman) has not given any reason for leaving her job and joining the university, it prima facie appears that her act of leaving her job was primarily on account of making her eligible for claiming maintenance,\" the court concluded and rejected her plea for interim maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17136041", "title": "UK experts in Kolkata to bail out Haldia port", "text": "KOLKATA: The internationally acclaimed HR Wallingford, a UK-based organisation involved with the development of the Bristol Deep Sea Container Terminal and a mega port facility on Kuwait's Boubyan Island, has been engaged to study the Hooghly River and suggest measures to increase the draught in the navigation channel leading to the Haldia Dock Complex (HDC).This is a measure taken to keep the port facility in the state viable for a further 15 to 20 years.The eight-member team, comprising experts in river training, dredging, morphology and river modeling is expected to submit its report by the end of this year or the beginning of January 2013.It will be on the basis of this report that the Centre will decide whether to release the nearly Rs 1,000 crore required for the long-awaited River Regulatory Measures (RRM). In 2010, WAPCOS, a public sector undertaking, had submitted a report on the RRM required to improve the draught at HDC. A study was also conducted by the Central Water and Power Research Station (CWPRS), Pune.\"When we submitted the report to the Centre, officials desired another opinion from an international body. This was when HR Wallingford was engaged by WAPCOS to review the report and make further recommendations, if required. A work order was issued in August. Experts have already visited several parts of the river and sought records from us. Recently, a two-day meeting was also convened at CWPRS. Now, two experts have come to Kolkata to discuss matters with us. They met officials from the marine and hydraulic study department and the Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) chairman,\" an official said.Richard Nicholas Bray, who is an expert on maintenance dredging and Tim Chesher from Wallingford also visited Haldia over the weekend and conducted inspections. On Thursday, the development advisor (ports) from the Planning Commission is expected to visit Kolkata and meet the two experts. This meeting is crucial as it is the Planning Commission that will need to give its consent before funds are released for dredging the Hooghly.\"The report is still not ready and they have sought data for the last 30-40 years from us. From what we have gathered, the experts believe that for a large estuary like the one that exists at the point where the Hooghly meets the Bay of Bengal, the key to tackling the crisis is to maintain alignment with nature. This is where the data will come in handy. It will tell the experts how we have tinkered with the river system over the years and the response that we got. The report will be based on our proposed projects at Sagar and Shalukkhali. Once the report is ready, we will propose short-term and long-term measures to the Centre,\" the official added.Given the condition of the navigation channel, Cape-size vessels can't enter HDC with full loads. Some of the cargo has to be discharged at ports like Visakhapatnam or Paradip before the ships are in a position to enter HDC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17138187", "title": "Mumbai lose to UP in quarters", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai lost to Uttar Pradesh in the quarterfinal of the Under-19 Vinoo Mankad Trophy by 37 runs, at Cuttack, on Wednesday.Uttar Pradesh posted 236 for 9 in 50 overs.Manik Beri top scored with 73, while Mohd Saif Raza scored 68. In reply, Mumbai were bundled out for 199 in 45.5 overs.Sarfaraz Khan scored 76 in 59 balls. UP's Kuldeep Yadav picked up four for 74.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17136881", "title": "Exhibition of 1,700 wild moments captured on camera", "text": "COIMBATORE: A male pelican circling a group of female pelicans, a langur taking a giant leap from one branch to another, a group of elephants taking a bath: These are just a few of the 1,700 moments captured in print and on display at the Chandra Matriculation Higher Secondary School on Wednesday. Organized by the Nature Conservation Society, the wildlife photography exhibition showcases the work of noted artistes, including Nidhyan Maniarasu, Ajay Kumar , R Prakash, Rathinavarshini and Vignesh Balaji.\"The pelican, a migratory bird which visits the city from far away countries like Australia, breeds in city lakes. Some even prefer to live in the city due to the pleasant climate here. Similarly there are other migratory birds that make the city lakes their home due to the present climate,\" says Nidhyan Maniarasu, a city based wild life photographer. He says that wildlife photography helps document the various facets of wildlife.For instance the great pied hornbill, another migratory bird, is seen only in evergreen forests. If their numbers decrease, it means the evergreen forests are loosing their habitat, he says. He says patience and determination is essential to capture a good shot. He had to wait for days together to capture elephants on camera. Similarly, it may take a while to get the right angle.It is not just the photographs, but even the stories behind them are fascinating, says N I Jalaluddin the president of NCS. Approaching a 'Makhna' elephant which does not have tusks is dangerous.But the most ferocious is neither the tiger nor the lion, says Nidhyan. It is the wild dog. \"They move around and hunt in packs of two, and three and sometimes they move in packs of fifty too. These animals surround a prey suddenly and attack simultaneously. They will eat a prey without even killing it,\" says Nidhyan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17138027", "title": "It\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcsweet\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 switchover this Diwali", "text": "ALLAHABAD: This Diwali the city is switching over to dry fruits and chocolates instead of sweets. In a drift from the tradition of offering and exchanging sweets to friends and guests, people are showing preference for dry fruits and chocolates despite the soaring prices of dry fruits. The sale of dry-fruits has, in fact, gone up by 30% compared to previous years.The companies too are making most the changing trend and have come up with attractive gift hampers of chocolates and dry fruits. One of the reasons behind this new trend is growing cases of adulteration in sweets and milk, especially during festivals.Traders, however, claim that some customers are opting for packed sweets like 'kaju katri' and 'rasgulla' from branded companies.Nitin Mehrotra, a shopkeeper, said: \"Youngsters are preferring dry fruits and chocolates over sweet boxes\". \"I used to distribute sweets made out of maawa among families and friends till two years back. But after growing incidents of adulterated sweets, I have started giving dry fruits and chocolates\" said Rohit Shukla, an entrepreneur.Dhananjay Singh, an entrepreneur, said, \"Dry fruits and chocolates are best options available in markets. We cannot risk anyone's health on such a happy occasion.\" He added that the trend is now shifting from sweets to dry fruits as it is more convenient and also good for health. Even cooperates and businessmen too gift their employees dry fruits and cookies. On other hand, there is a section of people which believes in sticking to the tradition of distributing sweets. Many sweet-meat shops in the city are also offering homemade sweets.A trader in Civil Lines said, \"Undoubtedly, people have started gifting dry fruits more but the famous sweets shops too are doing brisk business. Scared of adulteration people now buy sweets from only famous and trusted shops.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17137285", "title": "This expo gives a glimpse of India's handicraft sector", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: 'Gandhi Shilp Bazar', one of the biggest art and craft fairs of India, organized by the Kerala State Handicrafts Development Corporation and Development Commissioner for Handicrafts, is currently on at the Kanakakunnu Sooryakanthi Fair Ground.Colourful Madhubani paintings of Bihar, Odisha art forms on Palmyra leaves, Dhokra artifacts, Solapur cotton wall hangings, Sola wood works from West Bengal, Kolhapuri sandals, products made of wool, jute art from West Bengal, pottery items from the northeast, Rajasthani art work and cane furniture from Tripura and Meghalaya are some of the items put up for sale at the fair. \"Exhibitions have become quite common in the city. But the interesting factor of this exhibition is that one can have a glimpse of India's rich cultural heritage and craft. We get a clear picture of the art and culture of rural India as the artisans themselves sell their products. They also explain how the products are made,\" said Radhika N, a homemaker from Kazhakootam.The organizers aim to provide a direct market linkage between artisans from all over the country and public. The visitors also have the option to interact with the craftsmen, which would also help the artisans discover the tastes of the consumers and create crafts according to market requirements.\"A cross section of India's handicraft industry can be seen here. We also offer custom-made products for the visitors. What we liked the most in this city is that the people are very curious about each work and they also seek in depth knowledge about every product displayed here,\" said Chandrakant Satpute from Kolhapur in Maharashtra, who offers Kolhapuri chappals.The fair will be open from 10am to 8pm till November 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "17135043", "title": "Bodoland Territorial Council distributes utensils among camp inmates", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) distributed utensils among relief camp inmates in Kokrajhar district who are going back to their respective villages. The utensils, which include all basic pots, pans and ladles required in a family kitchen, were given to 483 families in Silgara and 288 families who are taking shelter at Gaide-Helena Nursing Training School, Habrubari, in Kokrajhar.The kitchen set takes in 19 items for each family, including a trunk to hold them. The utensils, provided by the BTC authorities were formally distributed among camp inmates by BTC chief Hagrama Mohilary on Tuesday.The people of Thakimari, Bilasipara town, Bangaldara, comprising 55 families; Gungunikhata, Baokabangi, Gaurangtari comprising 144 families; and Diabari comprising 89 families received the utensils at Gaide-Helena Nursing Training School.Speaking to reporters, Mohilary said his council has provided one of the basic things the families would require for reestablishing their homes in their villages. He said he will extend harvesters, tractors and seeds as well to the people who are returning to their villages, adding the villagers would work in the field on a cooperative basis this rabi season.He said his council would distribute blankets among the riot-affected people and the ratio will be one blanket for every two persons of a family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17134999", "title": "Mary Kom wants to groom budding boxers", "text": "ITANAGAR: Olympic bronze medalist M C Mary Kom on Wednesday expressed her desire to help in grooming upcoming boxers from the northeast at her boxing academy established in Manipur recently.\"I want to do something for the region and whoever is interested in boxing can join my academy,\" Mary said during the opening ceremony of the third North East Youth Festival at Sangey Lhaden Sports Academy Complex in Chimpu on Wednesday.She expressed her appreciation for the Manipur government for providing three acres of land to set up her academy, which was her dream since she began her boxing career in 2000.Referring to her Olympic success, she gave the credit to the people of the northeast in particular and India in general saying that without their support and encouragement, she would not have been able to win the bronze medal.Exhorting the youths of the region to excel in the field of sports and bring laurels to their respective states, Mary said if she, hailing from a poor family and without many facilities, could win an Olympic medal, the youths of the region have the potential to do so as well.The Arunachal Pradesh government also presented a cheque of Rs 10 lakh to Mary, on the occasion, as a token of appreciation for her Olympic feat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17135738", "title": "Ram Jethmalani rejects 'clean chit' to Nitin Gadkari", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP MP Ram Jethmalani on Wednesday rejected the party's clean chit to Nitin Gadkari over the alleged dodgy business practices of a group of companies linked to him, reinforcing doubts that the party chief, already diminished, may not be able to limp into a second term after his current tenure ends in December.\"It is a betrayal of the people,\" Jethmalani said rejecting the testimonial of innocence that Gadkari secured from the party on the basis of the findings of S Gurumurthy, a chartered accountant-turned-Hindutva ideologue. The sharp response underlined a split between Jethmalani and Gurumurthy who have been in the forefront of the anti-black money campaign, while belying any hope that the chartered accountant's \"all-is-well\" report would put a lid on the festering unease over the disclosures about the accounting practices of the Purti Group that was floated by Gadkari.The public rebuff marked a defiance of BJP core committee's instruction on Tuesday not to wash party linen in public. The diktat was in response to the public demand by Jethmalani and son Mahesh for Gadkari's resignation.Disregarding party's displeasure, Jethmalani asserted, \"In the course of my fight against corruption, which may turn out to be a lone fight. I will fight it necessary to call for resignation of many persons holding important political and public offices.\" The statement is appeared to be aimed as much at Gadkari's backers as Gurumurthy. \"In this respect, party's decision has sapped my vitality... I wish good luck to Gadkari, Gurumurthy and the members of the core group,\" an agency report quoted Jethmalani.Although Jethmalani has never been seen as a hardcore insider, he owes his current term in the Rajya Sabha to Gujarat CM Narendra Modi and party veteran L K Advani . However, the significance of his outburst lies in the fact that it strengthens the fear that the controversy over Purti's alleged shadowy sources of funding is going to fester, gnawing away at Gadkari's authority.The disclosures about shell companies appear to have weakened against Gadkari after his peers seemed to be getting reconciled, if grudgingly, to his authority as the party chief, who was a nominee of RSS. A senior party leader, who has been sympathetic to the BJP chief, conceded that the sight of his doing the rounds of his colleagues to offer his defence did not enhance his stature.Sources have also spotted signs that Gadkari, finding himself beleaguered, has allowed himself to be persuaded by those peddling the theory that the reports on Purti, which appeared across the media, were part of a huge conspiracy by his zealous colleagues, who were determined to torpedo the prospect of his second term. Speaking on condition of anonymity, another Gadkari partisan acknowledged that the party chief has succumbed to the easy option of finding ghost and risks getting sucked into factional fights that RSS wanted him to damp down by playing a unifier.There are serious doubts about his effectiveness as the party chief, given that BJP has surfeit of ambitious leaders. With the Congress already trying to capitalize on the controversy over Purti's finances to question BJP's credentials to raise the issue of corruption, party sources feel that Sangh will have to take a hard look at whether they should persist with the incumbent.\"I will carry on my fight alone if necessary, whatever the BJP might decide... I won't resign from the party, because I want to carry on the fight. Why should I?\" Jethmalani retorted when asked if he was considering resigning from the party after Gadkari got a reprieve following RSS support.Jethmalani, however, left it to the BJP leadership to decide on whether to allow Gadkari to continue. \"They are respectable people; they hear everything what is happening in the press. It is for them to decide,\" he said.He said Gurumurthy had promised to send the documents relating to Gadkari's company to him with an explanatory note. Sources close to him said the documents are yet to reach him.\"He also promised that Gadkari will be willing to answer questions that you have to ask and he will come to you and answer those questions,\" the eminent lawyer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "17136672", "title": "Women stage dharna to protest sale of illicit liquor", "text": "ARA: Over one hundred women of Bind Toli locality staged a day-long dharna on the campus of Town Police Station on Tuesday to protest open sale of illicit liquor and gambling in the area and failure of the police to stop it.The women, led by Lamani Devi and Munia Devi, staged dharna on the campus of the police station on Tuesday. They said they had submitted a petition to the police requesting them to stop sale of liquor and gambling in the area 20 days back but the police did not take any action. They further said sale of liquor and gambling had increased crime in the area.They alleged that gamblers and kiosks owners were doing their business allegedly by greasing the palm of the police. They threatened to launch an indefinite dharna on the campus of the Town Police Station from November 10, if the police fail to take any action. Rape case accused held: Kolkata police with the help of their counterparts in Bhojpur district arrested Mithilesh Ojha, main accused in a gang rape case in West Bengal.The police arrested him from the Baraja village under Bihia police station on Monday.Bhojpur SP M R Naik said an engineering student was gang-raped at an engineering college at Asansol in West Bengal on October 11, 2012, and an FIR was lodged with the Salanpur police station there in this connection. The Kolkata police reached Ara on Monday. The Bhojpur police, on a confidential report, conducted a raid at Baraza and arrested Mithilesh Ojha. He was taken to Kolkata by the Kolkata police on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17136940", "title": "Rajyotsava award winner to be feted", "text": "MANGALORE: District Rajyotsava award winner and social worker Kadambody Mahabala Poojary will be felicitated by citizens at Govindadasa College, Surathkal near here on Thursday.Hindu Vidyadayini Sangha secretary Giridhar Hathwar will inaugurate the programme while State Kannada Sahitya Parishat former president Harikrishna Punarooru will preside.Mangalore MP Nalin Kumar Kateel, former district in-charge minister J Krishna Palemar and former mayor Rajani Dugganna will be the guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17136853", "title": "Farmers to get interest-free loans for Rabi", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister c on Wednesday launched the distribution of interest-free cooperative loans to farmers for Rabi crop in the state. On the occasion, Gehlot emphasized on holding cooperative societies elections on time and urged people to work with the motive of \"one for all and all for one\".To keep the democratic essence of the cooperative societies in the state intact, Gehlot stressed on the timely elections of these societies. While addressing a gathering at Nivaru, Gehlot said: \"We have to ensure time to time elections and for that we amended the Act in our last government. With that, these institutions have been able to come out from the chuckles of inspector raj and today working committees have become empowered.\" Rajasthan has 30,000 cooperative societies with more than 1 crore members.On the occasion, the chief minister also distributed cheques of Rs 1 lakh to 18 farmers. The state government is disbursing the interest free loans to farmers for Rabi crop. Framers who have been paying their loans regularly will not have to pay interest on the amount up to Rs 1 lakh. The government has made provision of Rs 262 cr for such purpose in the budget. The amount sanctioned for providing loans for all crops too have been raised from Rs 8,000 cr to Rs 9,431 cr.Newly appointed Union minister of state for rural development and MP from rural Jaipur, Lalchand Kataria too addressed the rally and urged farmers to make use of the government schemes. Apart form giving crop loan, government also allotted a loan of Rs 7 lakh to five self help group of women. He also announced to upgrade the primary school at Nivaru to secondary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136366", "title": "Residents repair road as Nagpur Municipal Corporation ignores pleas", "text": "NAGPUR: Some residents from Subhash Nagar (connecting Hingna T-point with Trimurti Nagar ring road) decided to themselves fill a dug-up road after having failed to draw civic authorities' attention for about two months. These people were fed up with the officials apathy in repairing the 50-metre section dug up right in the middle of the road at Nelco Colony T-point that resulted in several mishaps.The stretch remained unattended even after the work was completed two months ago, said Sunil Sahare, who runs a readymade garment shop in the locality. TOI found that instead of levelling the dug up portion, the civic department concerned had left the portion uneven. It was a hurdle for smooth traffic movement and an invitation for accidents.Besides missing streetlights added to the woes of motorists to commute at night. This portion has no illumination contributing to frequent mishaps especially involving two-wheeler riders. On Tuesday night, itself it witnessed at least six mishaps wherein two wheeler riders lost control on vehicles while negotiating the dug up patch.Despite repeated complaints, the authorities did not take any step to repair the road. However, a group of residents, mostly shopkeepers, came forward and got the stretch filled up using the debris as the Nagpur Municipal Corporation's Laxmi Nagar zone did not take any action.\"We have not seen the NMC repair this road for over 10 years,\" said a resident. Potholes dot the stretch. Even autorickshaws refuse to come on this route,\" said Vinod Chaudhari, another resident. \"Are the corporation or the corporators really concerned about our problems,\" asked an angry resident Anil Nimbalkar.A resident blamed the local corporators. \"One passes the buck to the other but no work is done,\" he said.Laxmi Nagar zone officials refused to comment. Ward corporator Vikas Thakre expressed concern over this. \"It has become a trend of various agencies that dig up roads to not fill up the trench and level roads after their work is over. Caving in of road sections at many places has increased the chance of mishaps,\" he said while assuring to look into the matter immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "17136216", "title": "Molestation attempt rattles Akamoll", "text": "QUEPEM: Tension has gripped the ward of Akamoll in Ambaulim village panchayat following the alleged molestation of a minor girl from a local tribal community by a worker from the nearby Cuncolim industrial estate.The girl's mother told TOI that on Tuesday evening, the accused allegedly entered the 12-year-old's house when the parents were away and laid down besides her as she slept with her sister.She first thought it was her father, but when he started touching her inappropriately she sensed something amiss and tried to switch on the light, said the mother.The stranger then tried to cover the girl's mouth, but she managed to find the switch and shout for help. The man escaped before the neighbours could respond. He left his slippers behind and when he returned, this time with three others, the neighbours were alert and asked if one of them had come earlier.Sensing danger the four ran away only to be chased and caught by the locals. Tied with ropes, they were all roughed up. Since they were all wearing a company's uniform, the company's owner was called. Sarpanch Fatima Rocha also called the local MLA.While the police arrived shortly later, the locals did not allow the four to be taken into custody till the MLA's arrival.The company owner meanwhile apologized for the behaviour of his workers and promised the locals that he would send the men back to their native states.When locals questioned him about the security aspect, on how his employees could have left the estate's premises during duty hours, he apologized again and promised them that the mistake would not be repeated.With no formal complaint initially registered, Quepem police arrested the four-Rajkumar Sukha, Rahul Kumar, Rampal Harijan and Suraj Natu Chawan-under Section 41 of CrPC, detaining them at the station till late night.On Wednesday morning, the girl's mother filed a complaint of a molestation attempt on her minor daughter.Quepem police have now registered the case under IPC Section 354 (outraging modesty) and Section 8 of Goa Children's Act. PI Santosh Desai told TOI that the accused are already in police custody and will be produced before the court for remand on Thursday.Cuncolim MLA Subhash 'Rajan' Naik told TOI he has called a special meeting of all the company owners in the industrial estate to discuss the issue and to finalize steps to be taken for the locals' safety.TOI had reported on Tuesday ('A Living Hell', Panchanama) that the villagers of Ambaulim are already suffering from pollution issues thanks to the nearby industrial estate. They now fear a new kind of threat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17137358", "title": "Baldness, baggy eyes signal risk of heart attack", "text": "WASHINGTON: Tell-tale signs of aging, such as baldness, baggy eyes and creased earlobes may be an early warning of heart disease, scientists claim.In a study, researchers found those who had three to four aging signs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d receding hairline at the temples, baldness at the head's crown, earlobe crease and yellow fatty deposits around the eyelid (xanthelasmata) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d had a 57% increased risk for heart attack and a 39% increased risk for heart disease.\"The visible signs of aging reflect physiologic or biological age, not chronological age, and are independent of chronological age,\" said Anne Tybjaerg-Hansen, the study's senior author and professor of clinical biochemistry at the University of Copenhagen in Denmark.Researchers analysed 10,885 participants 40 years and older (45% women) in the Copenhagen Heart Study. Of these, 7,537 had frontoparietal baldness 3,938 had crown top baldness, 3,405 had earlobe crease, and 678 had fatty deposits around the eye. In 35 years of follow-up, 3,401 participants developed heart disease and 1,708 had a heart attack.Individually and combined, these signs predicted heart attack and heart disease independent of traditional risk factors. Fatty deposits around the eye were the strongest individual predictor of both heart attack and heart disease.Heart attack and heart disease risk increased with each additional sign of aging in all age groups and among men and women. The highest risk was for those in their 70s and those with multiple signs of ageing. \"Checking these visible ageing signs should be a routine part of every doctor's physical examination,\" Tybjaerg-Hansen said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17135499", "title": "Two who castrated and killed Mahim man held", "text": "MUMBAI: Two men have been arrested by the Government Railway Police (GRP) in connection with a ragpicker's murder in Mahim.The body of Bashir (44) was found inside an unused signalling cabin close to Mahim station on September 4. The deceased was stabbed and castrated. \"We have arrested Hassan Chand (20) and Imran Hussain (28) on charges of murder. Two more persons are wanted in the case,\" said Shivaji Shinde, senior inspector, Mumbai Central GRP. Bashir and Chand resided on a footpath near Mahim police station. The deceased was having an affair with Chand's wife, Archana. Chand found Bashir in a compromising position with Archana on two occasions.Later, when Archana complained that Bashir was pestering her for sex, Chand decided to kill him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17139233", "title": "England XI elect to bat against Haryana", "text": "AHMEDABAD: England XI won the toss and elected to bat against Haryana in their four-day practice match on Thursday.Squads:Haryana: A Mishra (captain), A Khod, A Vashisht, C Saini, N Saini, J Yadav, R Dewan, S Rana, Sandeep Singh, S Budhwar, Sunny Singh , KR Hooda, L Sharma, M Sharma, H Patel, R Dalal, Y ChahalEngland XI: AN Cook (captain), N Compton, I Bell, J Trott, K Pietersen, M Prior, M Panesar, G Onions, S Patel, T Bresnan, S Meaker, J Bairstow, S Finn, J Anderson, E Morgan, J Root, S B", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136282", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcForm community reserves to save Warora bustards\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NAGPUR: Chairman of Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) M K Ranjitsinh has suggested setting up community and conservation reserves in Warora in Chandrapur district where the last remaining endangered Great Indian Bustards (GIBS) are fighting a battle for survival amid developmental pressures.There are eight GIBS in Warora and parts of Bhadravati tehsils but exept for annual survey during rainy season by the forest department, no steps are being taken to conserve them.Conservation reserves and community reserves in India are terms denoting protected areas that typically act as buffer zones to or connectors and migration corridors between established national parks, wildlife sanctuaries and reserved and protected forests of India. Administration of such reserves is controlled through local people and agencies like the gram panchayats.Community reserves are the first instances of private land being accorded protection under legislature. These area categories were first introduced in Wildlife (Protection) Act in 1972 amended in 2003. These categories were added because of reduced protection in and around existing forest areas. Maharashtra's first conservation reserve on 364 hectares was set up in Borgad in Nashik to protect GIBS in 2008.Talking to TOI on Wednesday on the sidelines of three-day workshop on action plan for wild buffaloes, Ranjitsinh said the Nannaj bustard sanctuary is covered under the ministry of environment of forests (MoEF) recovery programme that aims to revive population of these critically endangered birds by providing funds under centrally sponsored scheme (CSS).However, as GIBS in Warora and Bhadravati have made private lands their home, the MoEF has ignored Vidarbha. \"The forest department should consider setting up community and conservation reserves here. We are ready to provide all help if local NGOs and people come forward with plans. There should be a networking between the locals, who need to be given incentives,\" Ranjitsinh felt. Veteran GIB conservationist Gopal Thosar from Nagpur worked on these lined but such efforts need official push.Ranjitsinh, who is also the member of National Board for Wild Life (NBWL), slammed the central empowered committee (CEC) recommendations to cut eco-sensitive zones (ESZs). \"The MoEF has already filed an affidavit opposing the move,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17136664", "title": "Gold worth 3.5 crore recovered from gang", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Wednesday claimed to have recovered 10.4 kg gold worth Rs 3.50 crore from a gang of four, who had duped four city jewellers, and a jeweller from Jaipur, Rajasthan.The crime branch (unit-III) led by inspector Sunil Pawar had arrested the gang members on Saturday from Mumbai. Police also recovered a machine used for melting gold, fake gold coins, moulds of various sizes and 33 passports from the gang.Suspects Sahil Mangalbhai Morzaria (27) and Kisan Nagdas Gokani (37) are both residents of Kandivli, Mumbai, while Zarine Ahmed Memon (27) is from Borivli, Mumbai, and Ritesh Premchand Desai (39) from Ahmedabad, Gujarat.In June, in a planned operation in Sangvi, the gang had replaced boxes of gold bars worth Rs 2.25 crore, which belonged to the jewelers, with iron bars.On October 20, the gang, in similar manner, duped a jeweler in Jaipur of Rs 1.20 crore by stealing 4kg gold from him.Addressing a press conference, additional commissioner of police (crime) Shahaji Solunke said the crime branch was investigating the case since June. \"The crime branch had the images of the suspects that was recorded by one of the jewellers. When police checked the CCTV footage from a jewellery shop in Jaipur, they found the same suspects,\" Solunke said.Solunke said police had got the information that the suspects were in Mumbai. \"Our team monitored their activities for more than eight days. We collected information about them from various sources, including travel agents, milk suppliers and vegetable vendors before nabbing Morzaria, Gokani and Zarine,\" Solunke said.Solunke said police recovered 3.4kg gold during searches at the places where the suspects lived in Mumbai. \"We have also recovered passports, fakes stamps and other material from them,\" Solunke said.During interrogation, the three revealed they had sold the stolen gold to jewellers in Ahmedabad and Jaipur through their fourth accomplice Ritesh Desai. \"We arrested Desai and recovered the remaining gold from Ahmedabad and Jaipur,\" Solunke said.The suspects have been sent to police custody till November 9.Solunke announced Rs 20,000 reward for the crime branch unit-III.In March, the gang had rented a row house in Gokul Dham at Vishalnagar in Sangvi, from where they claimed to be running an office for a company which they had named Future Vision Investments.Morzaria would identify himself as Viral Shah and claimed to be the director of the company. In May, Morzaria contacted several jewellers in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad. He shortlisted four jewellers and purchased gold bars worth Rs 10 lakh from them. To win their trust, he called them to the row house and told Zarine, who would identify herself as Shreya Shah, to pay the money on the spot. He had set up a cash room on the first floor of the house. During the transaction, he tried to show he was knowledgeable about gold by attempting to check the purity of the bars.In the last week of May, Morzaria again contacted the four jewellers and said he wanted a larger quantity of gold. He told them to get the gold to the row house on June 5. When the jewellers got the gold bars, he told them to put the consignment in separate boxes, saying he wanted to check the purity of the metal under a scanner.The scanner that Morzaria used was nothing but a conveyor belt that moved the boxes to another room. Zarine, who used to sit in the other room, used to change the boxes containing the gold bars and sent back similar-looking sealed boxes containing iron bars, weighing exactly the same. Morzaria then handed over these boxes with the iron bars to the jewellers and fled from the spot.Inspector Sunil Pawar told TOI that Morzaria revealed he had got the idea of making the scanner from an internet site. \"He had used the convenor belt for the scanner, which was used in tread mill at gyms. With the help of carpenters and welders he had made the 'scanner' and duped the jewellers,\" Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17137145", "title": "History frozen atop Bali Yatra welcome gate", "text": "CUTTACK: Artisans are busy making the welcome gate for Bali Yatra that will start from November 28. The gate built at a whooping cost of Rs 54 lakh by the Cuttack Municipal Corporation is 40 feet high. \"It will be a visual treat as it depicts the rich maritime history of the state,\" said Saumendra Ghose, the mayor of Cuttack. Earlier, temporary arches were installed at the entrance to the fair ground. But in 2010, the civic body decided to construct a permanent arch and it took two years to be completed.The gate has a huge concrete boat built atop two pillars. Seven traders are seen travelling in it. Noted artisan Lakshmidhar Rana has built the statues with fibre and concrete. \"The gate will showcase the history of Bali Yatra,\" the Mayor said.The district administration has planned a book fair and competition of rural sports of the sidelines of the seven-day yatra. Visitors will get a glimpse of rural games as Mati kusti, Thia Puchi, Basa Puchi and many more at the fair ground. \"Rural games are on the verge on extinction and youngsters have no knowledge about it. To create awareness about the traditional games and culture of the state we have decided to set up a special stall dedicated to traditional sports,\" said an official of the district administration.The book fair will focus on children's literature. \"We decided to hold a book fair for the first time at the Bali Yatra to popularize children's literature and reading habit among schoolchildren,\" said Girish SN, the Cuttack collector. The fair will be held on 38 acres of land and over 1,400 stalls would come up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17137021", "title": "I-T raid on realty group fetches 25 lakh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Income tax officials seized Rs 25 lakh cash and attached 15 bank lockers in an operation against Kalol-based BT Corporation.On Tuesday, a team of 100 I-T officials swooped down on 31 locations of the realty group and its associates in Ahmedabad. Around 15 locations, including the premises of a Thaltej-based property broker linked with the company, were searched and surveyed.Officials said the group has launched several residential and commercial schemes in Kalol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17137357", "title": "US doesn't swing both ways", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 2012 US presidential polls may have kept Obama in the White House, and increased the Democrats' strength in both the Senate and the House of Representatives but the numbers suggest that Republicans aren't the only ones who should be worried.Only two states, Indiana and North Carolina, switched hands between the two parties compared to the 2008 presidential elections and both went from the Democrats to the Republicans. More importantly , the Obama/Biden pairing has lost vote share in almost every state or territory in the polls. The net result was that their national lead was cut from about 7% in 2008 to just around 2% this time round.In Indiana, where the Democratic ticket's vote share dropped by about 6% based on figures available at the time of going to press, the decline was enough to send the state back into Republican hands in the presidential polls. In North Carolina, which Obama had won by a margin of less than half a percentage point last time, a 2% swing against him was all that was required for Romney to paint the state red.In most other states, the loss in vote share for the Democrats was between 1% and 5%, but Utah and West Virginia delivered much bigger swings of 10% and 8% respectively for the Republicans. Fortunately for the Obama/Biden camp , these states were so definitely in red territory that all these swings achieved for the national losers was larger margins here.The list of states that bucked this national trend makes for interesting reading. Alaska appears to have given the Democrats a 3% swing in their favour but two caveats need to put in. First, the state had a local girl in the contest last time in the form of Sarah Palin for the vice-president's job, which might have boosted the Republican vote. Also, at the time of writing only 66% of the votes had been counted in this northern outpost, so the numbers could change.One other 'Republican' state that gave Obama /Biden a small thumbs up was Mississippi, where the Democrats' vote share went up a notch by 1%.Perhaps what's most interesting is that New York and New Jersey both saw an uptick in the Democratic Party's vote share. In New York, Obama and Biden gained 2% from the 2008 levels and in New Jersey they were up 1%.Those swings may seem like a minor change, but these were the states worst affected when superstorm Sandy struck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17135617", "title": "Tug ready to tow out stuck oil tanker", "text": "CHENNAI: Preparations to salvage grounded oil tanker MT Pratibha Cauvery, which will be towed out to the deep sea by tug vessel Malaviya, began on Wednesday.At 6am on Thursday, the salvage experts will board the tug and the operation will begin around 10am when a high tide is expected. Right now, the water where it is stranded is too shallow for the tug. A special rope, more than 400m long, will extend from the bow of the stricken tanker to the Malaviya. All fishing activities within a one-km radius of the towing area have been banned until the operation is over.Capt Ilan Cheran of Accord Marine Surveyors and Consultants, who are assisting Chennai Port Trust in the operation, said, \"we have used 660 m of polypropylene rope to help the tug, 600m away, pull the tanker out.\"He said the operation was expected to last four hours and it was yet to be decided where it would be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17139050", "title": "Google celebrates Bram Stoker's books with a doodle on his 165th birthday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Google, on Thursday, celebrated Abraham \"Bram\" Stoker's 165th birthday with a fascinating Bram Stoker books doodle. Born on November 8, 1847 in Dublin, Ireland, Abraham \"Bram\" Stoker was a short story writer and novelist, well known for his 1857 Gothic fiction novel Dracula.The plot of the novel Dracula revolves round the character Count Dracula, a vampire, who makes an effort to relocate from Transylvania to England. And during this attempt, the Dracula confronts Professor Abraham Van Helsing and his group of men. The character Dracula was dedicated to one of his dear friends Sir Thomas Henry Hall Caine, a playwright and novelist, of the late Victorian and the Edwardian eras.Dracula is told in epistolary format, as a series of letters.The novel became extensively popular and exemplary because of its treatment on themes such as sexual conventions, colonialism, women's role in Victorian culture, and post-colonialism.Bram Stoker's passion for theatre was ignited during his early stage of life. He received acclaim because of his critical works and the manner in which he reviewed works. Some of his highly appreciated reviews include Henry Irving's Hamlet at the Theatre Royal in Dublin. Bram Stocker's works and memoirs reveal that he was attached to Irvin.Besides reviews, Stoker also wrote stories and non-fiction. He also served as acting manager in Irving's Lyceum Theatre, London.Today's Google doodle design is dedicated to the Irish author's most celebrated work 'Dracula'.What is more interesting is the letters of the Google logo on the Bram Stoker books doodle is inspired from the cover of the first edition of 'Dracula' published in 1897.The doodle is a commemoration of his works that includes novels, short story collections, uncollected stories, non-fiction and reviews.Abraham Bram Stoker died on 20 April 1912 due to stroke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17135820", "title": "Jadavpur University seeks Presidency-like status", "text": "KOLKATA: Months after Sukanta Chaudhuri began venting his grievances against the state favouring Presidency University with a special status and neglecting institutions like Jadavpur University, state education minister Bratya Basu heard his views in person on Wednesday.Chaudhuri has been contending that JU, too, should be accorded special status like Presidency with additional pay for its teachers as well. The higher education department had requested Chaudhuri to meet Basu to know his grievances and gauge the pulse of teachers in JU in the backdrop of awarding Presidency special status.\"Chaudhuri has claimed that the government's decision to shower all attention on Presidency has left other state universities feeling neglected. Basu wanted to know his views in person,\" said a higher education department official.She added: \"Chaudhuri, who had been handpicked by chief minister Mamata Banerjee as member of the Presidency University Mentor Group, resigned from the body and expressed his opinion at various forums. The government was keen to speak to him on the matter.\"Chaudhuri was accompanied by JU vice-chancellor Souvik Bhattacharyya at the meeting. \"Considering the rewards which have been showered on Presidency, the JU authorities are in no mood to relent. They had met Basu with specific demands,\" she said. According to sources, Chaudhuri and Bhattacharyya put forward two demands \u00e2\u20ac\u201d special pay packages for JU teachers and additional funds on the lines of Presidency, to upgrade infrastructure and facilities.Echoing Chaudhuri's views, a JU faculty member said: \"We see no reason behind the government's decision to award additional benefits to Presidency at such a nascent stage. It is yet to make its mark. One should not judge the quality of Presidency with what the erstwhile college had achieved. The additional benefits and pay packages should have been awarded only after reviewing the performance of Presidency.\" He added: \"On the contrary, JU faculty members have proved their worth. The quality of research and performance of its students are outstanding. The government should have considered rewarding JU teachers with similar emoluments as well.\"Both Chaudhuri and Bhattacharyya were, however, tight-lipped about what transpired at the 30-minute meeting. A senior higher education department official added: \"The government has only heard the views of Chaudhuri. No decision has been taken to award any special emoluments to JU teachers at the moment.\" When contacted, Bratya Basu refused to comment.A CU senior official said: \"Someone had to take up the matter with the government and point out grievances of teachers in other universities over the decision to reward Presidency alone.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17136048", "title": "100km dream flyover project put on hold", "text": "KOLKATA: Another damp squib for the Mamata Banerjee government. State urban development minister Firhad Hakim's over-ambitious announcement of building a 100-km-long flyover, apparently the longest in the world, from Garia to Bongaon proves to be dud now.The minister's dream is shattered as the project has been put on hold indefinitely, owing to land acquisition problems, poor financial health of the state and muted growth in the manufacturing sector.On Tuesday, Hakim told TOI, \"This was a big project that we wanted to do but poor financial health of our state and lukewarm growth in the manufacturing sector have played a spoilsport. Getting adequate land also became a hurdle.\"The minister had announced the project in March this year and the department had asked a wing of engineering major Larsen &amp; Toubro (L&T;) to do a survey and submit a detailed report for this project. In March, he had estimated the project to be worth more than Rs 1,000 crore, but experts had indicated a different figure.According to their calculation, it would cost anything between Rs 70 crore and Rs 100 crore to build every kilometre of such a flyover. Going by that, the proposed project's cost comes to a range of Rs 7,000 crore - Rs 10,000 crore.Availability of huge tract of land for such a blockbuster project was always a matter of concern for the Bengal government as chief minister Mamata Banerjee continues to maintain a hands-off policy on land acquisitions.Hakim stressed on the fact that the state government's earnings have not been very promising. \"We can only think of reviving it if we are financially stable,\" he said.The urban development department had planned that the project would be self-financed through collection of toll taxes. It had also meant that the state never searched hard enough to rope in a private investor, which according to sector experts, is necessary in big projects.Had it been realized, the project could have changed the face of the state government as it would have reduced traffic snarls along this stretch. A huge number of trucks ply on a daily basis from Bongaon to various parts of Kolkata and the southern fringes.So far, Bengal figures out nowhere on the national map alongside Delhi, Bangalore, Mumbai and Surat that have the country's best flyovers. According to experts, the current move will make the state remain far behind on infrastructural growth front compared to other states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17135799", "title": "HUDA awards 142km road repair projects worth Rs 21 crore", "text": "GURGAON: To improve the quality of roads within residential areas ahead of Diwali, Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has awarded contracts worth Rs 21 crore for repair works.The entire construction work has been given to a private firm. \"The contractor will repair over 142-km-long roads that cover several HUDA sectors,\" said AK Gupta, superintendent engineer, HUDA. The project mainly focuses on roads around Sectors 15, 31, 17A and 7B, 32A, 30, 39, 43, 54, 55, 56, 38 and 47.The work of road repairs has already started and a team of HUDA officials will be monitoring the works.To ensure quality of work, the HUDA has decided to test the construction material used by the contractor.During a recent visit to the city, Haryana chief secretary P K Chaudhery had instructed the district administration, HUDA and MCG to improve road infrastructure in Gurgaon. He had given a 30-day deadline to the city administration to get rid of all potholes and make streetlights functional. The district administration was also instructed to monitor the progress.After this, deputy commissioner P C Meena held an inspection of roads and drafted a report regarding the immediate steps that need to be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17135011", "title": "Missing Tripura State Rifles jawan still traceless", "text": "AGARTALA: The family of missing nayek subedar of Tripura State Rifles' (TSR) 8th battalion, Nantu Deb, is running from pillar to post for the last six months to know about his whereabouts. Deb's kin have DGP and IG of Tripura Police (armed force) besides chief minister Manik Sarkar several times, but nothing has been done so far.Ratan Deb, the elder brother of the victim, on Wednesday said Nantu visited the house last on March 10 and joined duty at Lalcherra battalion headquarters in Dhalai district. The next day, he had left for Chichhingcherra - a remote post in the district \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and had gone missing during the travel.\"Nantu's wife had received a phone call from the camp after two days asking her whether Nantu came back to his house as he was missing,\" said Ratan. He added that the family made lodged formal complaint afterwards. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17137621", "title": "For America, bombs ticking in Iran, Syria", "text": "NEW DELHI: Barack Obama is getting the United States out of an exhausting war in Afghanistan. But can he stop the US from getting embroiled in another messy conflict in another Islamic country? The day after his re-election' Obama will have to deal with two simmering issues in west Asia \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Iran's nuclear programme and Syria's internal conflict.The US-Iran showdown may be months away. The challenge is for Obama to find the right opening to deal with the theocratic leadership in Tehran. In his first term, Obama had tried to reach out, but with little effect. On the other hand, Obama does not enjoy the best of ties with the Israeli leadership under Benjamin Netanyahu either, certainly not after Netanyahu openly endorsed Mitt Romney.In Syria, though, Obama might up arms supplies to the rebels to force Bashar al Assad from power.But the resultant chaos in the region would be bad news for all of the US' allies from Turkey to Iraq and Israel.But as both these problems continue, they are becoming enmeshed in sectarian conflicts that may plunge this oil-rich region into the kind of trouble that would make Iraq or Afghanistan look like child's play.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17137110", "title": "Consulting firms rule at IIM-Ahmedabad on Day 1", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Consulting firms picked up interns in large numbers on the first day of Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad's summer placements for the 2012-14 batch. The cohort-based placement will be held in four clusters, beginning from Wednesday. Cluster 1 had global strategy consulting, international investment banks, and investment management firms.More than 25 firms, including McKinsey &amp; Co, Boston Consulting Group (BCG), Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, Barclays Capital, Royal Bank of Scotland and Accenture, participated in the placement process.However, on the lines of campus placements this year, it was consulting firms which took the most interns.The institute, in a statement, said that BCG extended offers to 14 students and was the biggest recruiter in Cluster 1. \"Consulting firms recruited in large numbers in general, with McKinsey &amp; Co and Accenture recruiting double digit numbers of interns. Firms in the financial sector also hired aggressively. Royal Bank of Scotland recruited interns for various roles in different locations,\" said the statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17138134", "title": "BCCI's age tests go awry", "text": "MUMBAI: The age verification tests conducted by the BCCI, which didn't get an ICC nod, have sent shock waves in Mumbai.The eleven Under-16 boys who failed the test are traumatized and their parents gutted. While it's mentioned that the medical test should be held at the first entry point of the BCCI tournament, seven of the eleven boys who had undergone the test before, were subjected to it again.The boys underwent the Tanner-Whitehouse 3 (TW3) test and quite surprisingly 11 out of 15 have been found overage. Shocked by the results, the parents rushed to the Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA) president Ravi Savant with their marriage certificates.Though Savant has promised to look into the issue and take it up with BCCI president N Srinivasan, the method according to reports wasn't considered fool-proof by the ICC.It is learnt that the Asian Cricket Council (ACC) had used TW3 method which sparked confusion after several players from each team were found overage.The ICC committee headed by Dr Peter Harcourt had deliberated the issue and concluded that the TW3 method doesn't present conclusive evidence in age verification test. The committee decided not to recommend the test to any country.Famous orthopaedic surgeon Dr Anant Joshi, who was a part of the Harcourt-led panel, said: \"We deliberated the method and observed that it had far too many loopholes to present conclusive evidence. Many U-19 boys of one country affiliated to the ACC failed the test when the TW3 method was applied. So scared were the officials that they apologized to their King. After ICC received complaints from Asian countries, we discussed the matter. In fact, the decision not to use the TW3 method has been minuted. We had discussed quite a few methods, too, but we didn't find anything conclusive. We can't be sitting in the committee and playing with the careers of young players.\"An ICC spokesperson has said in a written reply: \"The ICC Medical Committee has recommended to the ICC Board that there is no accurate scientific/medical method to determine the actual age of male cricketers at the under-19 level. Hence, the ICC is now in the process of updating its age determination policy which will apply to the ICC U-19 Cricket World Cup , the only junior event that the ICC holds.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17136482", "title": "Colleges will fail to fulfill 90-day deadline", "text": "NAGPUR: There seems to be more to it than meets the eye as far as Nagpur University's decision to defer BE exams following protests on Sunday. Academic circles are abuzz with speculation that the decision was taken to cater to the interests of private colleges who had started admission without getting affiliation from NU.Sources told TOI that while taking this decision, NU will be flouting Section 82(5) of the Section 83(6) of Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994 which states that for any new college which gets permission from the government after July 15, NU should grant affiliation to it in the subsequent academic year and conduct exam of its students in that session only.In this case, these colleges had already admitted students but did not show them on record till getting affiliation on October 30. However, they will not be able to meet the mandatory 90-day academic work requirement. Both NU registrar Ashok Gomase and PRO Prashant Mohite failed to give satisfactory replies to these queries and told media that information will be sought into the matter.NU's eagerness to offer favours to these colleges was evident during Wednesday's emergent meeting of Academic Council when the issue of approving new syllabus and scheme of exam for a new course of MTech (Computer Aided Design Manufacture and Automation) was surprisingly added, allegedly from pressure of private colleges. It was also cleared without even a single word from the 68 members despite VC Vilas Sapkal having called them for discussion. Officials added about 10 colleges had got this course approved from AICTE and had already admitted students though NU cleared the syllabus only on Wednesday. \"Now, the colleges will bring these admissions on record i.e. legalize them. The exams were postponed for this purpose,\" said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17137064", "title": "Anaconda had lung, heart ailments", "text": "MYSORE: The second anaconda that died on Sunday at Mysore Zoo had heart and lung-related ailments.The veterinarians at the zoo have concluded that the reptile had developed heart problems like the one that died on January 21 within two months after its arrival from Sri Lanka.The anaconda had heart-related problems, which led to its death, Zoo Authority of Karnataka chairman M Nanjundaswamy said on Wednesday.A day after its sudden death, the vets conducted the autopsy and submitted a report on Tuesday. They have ruled out any foul play.Nanjundaswamy told TOI that the snake is suspected to have suffered injury to heart during blood collection in Sri Lanka. The Sri Lankan Zoo took blood samples before their departure in November, 2011.\"It is a routine practice and we do it when we send animals to other zoos. During the collection of blood sample in Sri Lanka, it sustained injury,\" he said.The zoo has attributed heart failure and anorexia as the reasons for the sudden death of the female anaconda in January. It had said that autopsy revealed severe adhesion and necrosis around the heart region and adhesion was severe enough to cause limited heart contraction, esophageal obstruction and movement of other organs around the heart. It had surmised that the death was due to chronic traumatic injury to heart during blood collection. The remaining four were also subjected to ultra-sonographic examination and found them healthy.According to Nanjundaswamy, the vets informed him that force feeding could also be a reason for the death of the second anaconda. After its arrival, the anaconda was weak. Initially, the vets didn't try to force feed it. When it didn't take food, they consulted the vets at the donor zoo when it was suggested that it be force fed, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17136362", "title": "Nurses threaten to intensify agitation", "text": "KANNUR: Indian Nurses Association (INA) said on Wednesday that they would intensify their agitation in four hospitals of the district and expand it to other hospitals even as the managements stuck to their stand that the strike is illegal. \"Though the labour commissioner, at a recent meeting in Thiruvananthapuram, had promised to look into their demands and bring it to the notice of the government, they still stick to their demand for a three-shift duty pattern,\" said district secretary of the Qualified Private Medical Practitioners' and Hospitals' Association (QPMPA) K Jayarajan.\"As per existing rules, we cannot ask them to work for 12 hours a day. We are willing to approve any change in the pattern, provided the government issues an order in this regard,\" he said, adding that all confirmed employees are paid the minimum wages prescribed by the government.\"Though INA was offered representation on the Industrial Relations Committee (IRC), which is studying their problems, they refused. INA is holding us hostage and our only request is that they should see the reason and withdraw their agitation,\" said Dr Joseph Benovan of Lourdes Hospital in Taliparamaba.\"The government did not accept the Balaraman committee report due to the pressure from hospital managements and the Indian Medical Association. This committee is an eyewash and hence we don't want to be part of it,\" alleged national secretary of the association Vineeth Krishnan E M.INA also alleged that hospital managements are now targeting striking nurses by taking their photographs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17136476", "title": "Traffic department tightens grip on rule violators", "text": "VARANASI: Beware of rash driving on city roads. The traffic department may cancel the driving license of people driving rash on busy roads, not abiding by the traffic rules and driving without seat belts and helmets.Under its annual traffic awareness month, the department has tightened its grip. According to GN Khanna, SP (traffic), around 350 people have been fined for rash driving and driving without helmet in the first half of the day on Wednesday. If any such person is caught, at first we are writing 'W1' on the driving license of the person as first warning, followed by second warning cum fine. But if the person is caught not following the rules third time, we are cancelling their driving license at once, informed Khanna.If the helmet sellers in the city are to believed, brisk sale of helmets was seen in the region in last two days. According to Ajit Kumar, a helmet seller at Maldahiya area, around 200 helmets were purchased in last five days, which is more than normal purchasing of helmets in the region that is around 7 to 8 in five days.According to Khanna, denizens do not follow traffic signals. For effective abiding of the signals, traffic staff are helping commuters by interpreting the signals manually. Few traffic lights, which were found non-functional have been repaired. As many as 14 traffic signals have been installed at different crossings in the city, he informed further.Notably, strict action is also taken against under aged two wheeler riders.According to Khanna, the department is also organising several programmes to spread awareness about the general traffic sense among school students. \"Under our awareness drive, which is being organised in four to five schools daily, general traffic sense among children riding bicycle in congested and busy roads, crossing roads, knowledge about traffic signals and rules are shared among school and college going youngsters of the district,\" he added.At the same time, regional transport officer (RTO), Brijesh Singh informed that a meeting of the Road Safety Committee of the district will be held by next week. Under it accident prone points will be identified and some medical aid will be made available in those areas. District level meetings have already been conducted in Chandauli and Ghazipur to make the arrangements for the same, Singh informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17136620", "title": "Student hurt as plaster of ceiling falls", "text": "PATNA: What an irony that when the engineers of state education department were making estimates of the much needed repair and renovation of Patna Science College buildings here on Wednesday, a chunk of plaster fell down from the ceiling of its Sir C V Raman Hostel, causing injury to an inmate inside the toilet. Luckily, the student, who happens to be the prefect of the hostel, received only minor injury.Hostel superintendent A K Gupta, when contacted, said the toilet of the hostel had already been declared \"damaged\" and the Patna University engineering section had been asked long back to get it repaired. Unfortunately, the authorities have been sleeping over the concerned file, he said.College principal Arun Kumar Sinha said most of the college buildings and hostels were in dilapidated condition for a long time. However, the state education department has sanctioned necessary funds for the repair of the buildings. All these works are to be carried out by Bihar State Education Infrastructure Development Corporation at an estimated cost of Rs 5 crore, he said.The principal said that the leaking roofs of all buildings of different departments and hostels are to be repaired in the first phase, followed by repair of classrooms, toilets, roads and electrical wiring.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17136773", "title": "PMPML to hire 500 more buses from private contractors for 5 years", "text": "PUNE: In a bid to add more buses to its fleet, the Pune Mahanagar Parivahan Mahamandal Limited (PMPML) has decided to get 500 buses from private contractors for a period of five years. The transport utility has also decided to give its 200 JNNURM buses for operation and maintenance to private agencies.The buses will be hired on kilometre basis, that is, the PMPML will give a certain amount as per-km cost to the private operator for running the buses.On Wednesday, the PMPML invited offers from private bus operators and fleet owners for hiring buses. The PMPML has said it may appoint multiple operators for running the buses, which will be of Euro IV model and will run either on diesel or CNG. Each operator will have to provide at least 100 buses. The PMPML has stipulated a condition that at least 90% buses should be run on a daily basis throughout the five-year contract period.Ramchandra Joshi, PMPML's chairman and managing director, told TOI that the board of directors has already approved the proposal. The PMPML, over the years, has hired 300 buses from various private bus operators. The PMPML wants to hire buses from those private bus operators who have the capacity to operate and maintain a large fleet of buses, he said.Joshi said the buses procured under the JNNURM need proper maintenance. The PMPML will have to create separate facilities, if these buses are to be maintained by itself. Hence, the PMPML has decided to hand over the operation and maintenance of 200 buses to private operators and the transport body has so far received competitive offers, he said.Of the 650 buses, which were to be procured under the JNNURM scheme, the transport company is yet to get 21 buses. The purchase of buses were sanctioned by the Union ministry of urban development in February 2009. However, the purchase got mired in various controversies, thus delaying the process by three more years. Joshi said it has been nearly two years since many of the modern buses have been procured. The buses should have already been given for operation and maintenance, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "17136098", "title": "Former militant held as he returns home in J&K; with family", "text": "JAMMU: A former militant, sent back to PoK last month while trying to crossover to J&K; for choosing a route not covered under the state government's amnesty policy, was arrested along with his Pakistani wife as they arrived in his native Rajouri district via Nepal on Wednesday.Sources said Showkat Ali and his wife, Hameeda Kousar, were arrested near Thanna Mandi bridge in Rajouri while they were on their way to Pangai after police were tipped about their return. ''Their two children -- aged four and nine months -- were handed over to Ali's family.''A police officer said the four had taken the Karachi-Kathmandu-Bihar-Jammu route to reach Rajouri.Rajouri SP Mubassir Latifi said Ali's wife is from Mirpur in PoK. ''During questioning Ali admitted to his involvement in militancy before crossing over to PoK for arms training in January 2003. He said some local cadre of the LeT outfit had lured him into militancy. During his stay for arms training, he married the PoK woman.''Ali has told his interrogators that he had been doing menial jobs in PoK and was desperate to return.Sources said Ali's missing report was registered on January 18, 2003 but his family applied for his return under the state government's rehabilitation policy in August.The four had tried to return from Poonch's Mendhar sector last month, but the Army had sent them back.As per the policy, militants, who abjure violence and pledge loyalty to India, can return after official approval via four designated four routes -- Poonch-Rawlakote and Uri-Muzaffarabad in J&K; Wagah in Punjab and New Delhi's Indira Gandhi International Airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "it's a double whammy for anees bazmee. not only will the director kick-start his collaboration with sohail khan that does not star salman khan , he will also begin boney kapoor's no entry mein entry that sees three actors", "code": "17139501", "title": "Bips, Lara, Celina in No Entry sequel", "text": "It's a double whammy for Anees Bazmee. Not only will the director kick-start his collaboration with Sohail Khan that does not star Salman Khan , he will also begin Boney Kapoor's No Entry Mein Entry that sees three actors: Salman, Anil Kapoor and Fardeen Khan in double roles.However, it doesn't end there. The latest development on the No Entry Mein Entry front is that Bazmee has chosen Bipasha Basu , Lara Dutta and Celina Jaitley as the three leading ladies in his film. Incidentally, the sequel to the 2005 blockbuster No Entry will be both Lara and Celina's first film post motherhood. And while three of the beauties have been finalised, the film features ten heroines. \"The search for the remaining seven actresses continues. This isn't an easy cast to put together,\" said a source close to the project. Speaking about the chosen three, the source said, \"Bipasha, Lara and Celina will be seen in very glamorous roles. They have all agreed to do the film.\"Earlier on October 26, on the sidelines of the launch of a music album, Bazmee had told a section of the media, \"I feel the script of No Entry Mein Entry is written beautifully and it will definitely turn out to be a good film\". However when probed about the ten femme fatales in his film, he had refrained from comment. Last night too, he refused to divulge further details when we called him. What remains to be seen though is which Bazmee film gets priority over the other. And that will depend largely on Salman's availability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17137210", "title": "High drama after Panchmahal MP\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s truck seized in Kalol", "text": "VADODARA: The Kalol police station witnessed high drama with the police seizing a truck belonging to Umesh Chauhan, the son of Panchmahal BJP Lok Sabha MP Prabhatsinh Chauhan. Umesh had rushed to the police station seeking that his vehicle must be released.The police had seized the truck as it was overloaded and was not registered. It was brought to the Kalol police station and an offence was registered under the Motor Vehicle Act.Umesh rushed to the police station soon after this and sought that the vehicle be released. He even sought that he should be detained, but the vehicle should be released.\"The truck was overloaded with 24 tonne of cargo instead of its capacity of 16 tonne. It was also not registered and we had to seize it. The MP's son made requests for its release, but this was not done and a case has been registered,\" said Halol circle police inspector VR Bajpai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17137263", "title": "Germany woos students with cheap and quality education", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The German Academic Exchange Service (known as DAAD), an autonomous body working under the auspices of the German government, organized a seminar on the possibilities of higher studies for Indian students in Germany at the Goethe-Zentrum in the city on Wednesday.Currently, there are around three lakh international students studying or doing research in Germany.\"After the United States, Germany is ranked as the most-preferred destination by Indian students and research fellows,\" said Goethe-Zentrum, Thiruvananthapuram, director Syed Ibrahim.Since German universities do not organize commercial admission drives, students were given handbooks that give more information on the different varsities in Germany. More than 150 students from different colleges and other educational institutions in the city attended the seminar.\"The universities prefer to admit students who are either pursuing their bachelors, MS or doctorate studies. The education is free and the students can live with just 450-600 euros for their other expenses and food,\" said Ibrahim.Shilpa Pandeswhar, information officer of DAAD from Bangalore, who conducted the seminar, explained in detail the educational system at the German universities, with particular thrust on the highly-respected technical universities in nine major cities.German universities do not take any fees for the courses, except for the two federal states where the students have to pay a semester fee of 500 euros, approximately Rs 35,000. With the introduction of the 'blue card', Germany now permits non-EU students to seek employment in Germany and settle down there.After completing studies or research, students are now allowed to stay in Germany for 18 months to find a suitable job. This has made Germany an attractive destination for study and work, said Pandeshwar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17136850", "title": "Head constable's death: Case filed against SHO, others", "text": "JAIPUR: The 'accidental' death of a head constable, who was reportedly killed while loading his pistol, has now taken a new turn with the Alwar police registering a case of murder against the station house officer and other policemen. A team of experts from forensic science laboratory (FSL) and ballistic experts have also reached Tupukada to inquire in the case.On Sunday, Udai Singh, a head constable posted at Tapukada police station in Alwar, was killed reportedly while loading his pistol. Later tension prevailed in the area and hundreds of people including family members of the deceased claimed it to be a murder and not accident.Following serious allegations against SHO Sardar Singh, a murder case was filed against him and three other policemen posted at the station.What has irked the family of the deceased is that though police was claiming that it was an accidental death, they failed to authenticate whether the bullet found in the body of the constable was fired from his service pistol.Umesh Chandra Dutta, superintendent of police, Alwar, said that the said SHO and three other policemen who were accused by his relatives were sent to police lines.\"We have also asked the deputy superintendent of police, Kishangarh Bas to investigate the matter,\" he added.On Tuesday, tension prevailed in Alwar over the death of the head constable. A day after his death, his family members also demonstrated alleging murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17136335", "title": "Attack on dogs: SIT unsure of extremist role", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Amid rumours that extremist outfits are using dogs as targets in their training programme, the special investigation team ( SIT) began its probe on Wednesday after many stray dogs and pets were injured in such attacks over the past two months.On Tuesday, district police chief K Sethuraman constituted a special team headed by narcotic cell DySP M P Mohanachandran to investigate the incidents. Circle Inspectors of Perinthalmanna, Vandur, Pandikkadu and Manjeri are part of the team.DySP Mohanachandran said: \"We have noted down some similarity in the injury pattern. But we are not sure about the weapon even after examining the injuries. We get reports at least one week after the incident. We cannot determine the weapon after examining the wound at a later stage.\"He added that veterinary surgeons examined the injuries and clarified no injury was serious enough to kill the animal. \"These people are targeting the head or neck regions of dogs. No other part of the body is injured,\" he said, adding that a similar incident was reported from Nadapuram district years ago but there was no formal investigation.\"We don't have previous case histories to prove the 'extremist-dog attack' link. If you take the communal clashes in Tirur years ago, there were no such attacks on animals. But three people were killed then. So we can't say that cadres of extremist organizations are mounting attacks on dogs as part of trail run before assaulting people,\" he said.The first case was reported from Keezhuparamba near Areekode on September 19. K Jayamohan's dog was attacked by unidentified persons. It had a deep wound on its body inflicted by some sharp weapon. Areekode police had registered a case after he lodged a complaint.Similar attacks on dogs were reported from Pandikkadu, Vandur, Kottakkal, Manjeri, Kuttippuram and Perinthalmanna. Similar incidents were reported in Koyilandi, Nadapuram and Changaramkulam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-08"}
